And then he sat down himself.
And she is always a troublemaker.
And they knew something which the Europeans did not.
Now, just let the clay slide between your fingers.
More roads were made, and the countryside was divided into lots.
It isn't like anybody takes responsibility then anyway.
The third is the preservation of environment. In this case, the conservation of energy and resources is needed.
And on sunny days all the pigeons flew home.
And the little black rabbit never looked sad again.
And then everything that was written was completely clear.
And there is not even enough water.
And my hands were shaking.
And now, think about a county, any county, and imagine this county divided into five or six different areas.
And at times when I became discouraged with trying to reconcile working and bringing up children, it was my husband who helped to maintain my determination.
And I had never listened to his records.
And I always worried about it.
And here I am, still alive.
And when I've gone, don't tell him I'm dead.
Now she was hurrying to her sick Grannie's house to call the police.
And to make matters worse, he met with a traffic accident.
He then added, "I tell you the truth..."
And a wish is engraved on the base of the statue:
And the teams competed with each other to try to kick the ball through this hole.
And after a long time the boy came back again.
And we had spent hours talking together.
The house has pipes under the ground to carry dirty water away.
And if we have time, I'd like to take a look at their cosmetics.
And if you see Tom, say hello to him for me.
And a tall man dressed in black reading a newspaper.
Pretty soon there were more of them on the road and fewer carriages pulled by horses.
Pretty soon along came a steam shovel and dug a road through the hill covered with daisies.
And Tony was the oldest.
And began my first letter to Terry Tate.
And because Deal is very near continental Europe, it's always been one of the first areas of Britain to be invaded.
Then, finally, she opened her mouth.
And then, it took them far from home.
And they will continue to influence the world through the excitement of their literature, movies and music.
And I was fourteen years old before I touched a piano for the first time.
Although I modified this extravagance later by including the beautiful life among the works of art that alone gave a meaning to life, it was still beauty that I valued.
And the tree was often alone.
So they hopped down to the spring and drank from the clear water.
And they would play hide and go seek.
Then, the train screeched to a halt.
And the tokens he received as wages could only be spent at that shop.
And the boy did.
And in many countries, where the animals are already under pressure because their homes are being destroyed by agriculture, things can get even worse.
Then, gathering speed, it raced through the tunnel, shaking the passengers from side to side.
And we can communicate so many things in so many ways - with our faces, hands, bodies, and voices. We can even write our thoughts in words.
And there were three.
In the temple courts he found men selling cattle, sheep and doves, and others sitting at tables.
And our council is the local government for our area.
She became Mother Teresa years later when she founded the Missionaries of Charity.
Then, at last, the policeman lowered his arm.
And that's why for almost a hundred years, any employee has been able to go to his employer and insist on being paid in cash.
And spent that day with Him.
And so the two little rabbits lived together happily in the big forest; eating dandelions, playing Jump The Daisies, Run Through The Clover and Find The Acorn all day long.
And so the man came in.
And it is only a very short step from there, to perception which occurs in the absence of all immediate signals and has to be labeled extrasensory.
And unlike Oshin, they do complain although certainly not at work and generally not in public.
And he worked very hard for Mr Wood.
And like many small towns in England, it has quite a long history.
Then you can sail away.
Then I'll help you overturn the wagon.
The bottom has fallen out of the market.
I hope you can do something to help me out.
Don't leave it open.
Turn right there.
Go over it again.
I got bit by mosquitoes all over this area, and it itches so badly I can't stand it.
It's too much trouble to walk there.
It took me five hours to drive there.
You are in the right so far.
How long does it take to go there by bus?
You have to walk a long way to get there.
You can get there in less than thirty minutes.
It took only ten minutes to walk there.
Will you take me there?
Let's go and see him there.
How long will it take to get there?
The store was already closed when I got there.
It is no use going there.
You should not go there.
Will you please go there?
I don't know how to get there.
We took turns driving our car on our way there.
She advised me to go there.
It'll take not less than one hour to go there.
It will take an hour to get there.
It'll take at least one hour to go there.
I'll ask how to get there.
I intend to go there.
I object to going there.
There is no one who wants to go there.
There were but few who did not go there.
I went there by myself, often on successive evenings.
You had better not go there.
How often have you been there?
I've been there a few times.
I went there by bus and train.
Could you tell me how to get there?
Do you go there by bus or by car?
The morning after I arrived there, I took a walk into the woods of oaks.
He told me to go there at once.
Could you find out how to get there?
How stupid of you to go there alone!
This place is famous for its scenic beauty.
There is Tokyo.
Iron ore occurs there in abundance.
It's an area crowded with new houses.
It was unbelievably quiet there; perhaps that's why he liked the place so much.
I think you're sitting in my seat.
Was there a lot of traffic?
Alpine flowers are abundant there.
That is a danger zone; don't go there.
It is cold there even in summer.
It is a town of no character.
It is only a short walk from the station.
It is warm there all the year round.
It's a very big and busy city.
It hardly ever rains there.
It was so noisy there that I couldn't make myself heard.
The water there was so deep that I could not touch bottom.
The place became a hell on earth.
The best thing about that place is the barbecue area where they supply you with everything you need.
I saw some people there leading a low life.
Nobody there knew him well.
The food is very good and the same is true of the service.
The residents were curious about other people's business.
Hand me the dictionary there, please.
The beggar turned out to be a thief.
I must replace that fluorescent lamp.
It's at the corner.
The broccoli is either costly or of poor quality.
There's always somebody there.
See that guy over there at the counter drinking whisky? He's pretty much my type.
I'll take you there.
The girl standing there is Mary.
Who is standing there?
We will be able to build farms and create fields there.
The sooner we get there, the more likely are we to get seats.
We still have quite a few more miles to go before we get there.
By the time you get there, it will be nearly dark.
By the time she gets there, she will be happy again.
We had hardly reached there when it began to rain.
When I arrived there, I found him.
As soon as we reached there, it began to rain.
Call me up when you get there.
Please let me know when we get there.
A man came in and sat on the stool next to her.
I suggest that we should build a new factory there.
Sign your name there.
No sooner had she gone there than she was taken ill.
The people who live there are our friends.
It concerns all the people living there.
I'd like to keep the car there.
I arrived there too early.
Will you permit me to go there?
I have been warned against going there.
I wish to know a landmark nearby so I can find my way there.
We ran out of gas on the way there.
I'd rather stay here than go there.
Stop going there.
I made up my mind to go there.
I may go there, but that depends.
I'm very glad I wasn't there.
The longer I stay there, the more I like the place.
Every time I go there, I meet her.
You'd better go there on foot.
There was nobody there.
There was a large crowd there.
I've been there already.
There was eternal twilight in the place.
You'll find it impossible to live there.
There was no one there besides me.
There were bundles and bundles of cash.
There were some flowers there.
It has fertile soil where corn be grown.
I think that there are many places to see there.
I've never been there before.
There were more than 100 students there.
Because there was plenty of water...
On arriving there, he went to see her.
Write to me as soon as you reach there.
There are no means of getting there.
It'll be opening time, time I get down there.
Please buy it from that official.
There you see the gate which Mr Jones built.
What will you live on while you are there?
Move! You're in my way.
Who's there?
I don't know because I wasn't there.
Stay put. I'll come and get you.
The people there made way for the fire engine.
There were barely fifty people there.
Jesus' mother was there.
There you are.
I met a friend there.
Then his mother thought.
She was the last woman I expected to see.
Never did I think I would see her there.
I had hoped to have met her there.
Never did I expect that I would see him there.
He gave it a new name.
I'll never forget talking with him there.
Who did you meet there?
Did you see anybody there?
Just wait for me there.
Then interaction with others becomes important.
The children from the village would often gather up on top of the hill and from there watched the trucks and automobiles going back and forth to the city.
I made my first contact with him there.
Accordingly I gave up my plans.
There I met a very fascinating lady.
I spent my summer vacation there, during which I enjoyed surfing.
What did you do there?
What happened here?
Please describe what occurred there.
The tea we had there was excellent.
Once again she could watch the sun and moon and stars.
You can still see the remains of the fortress there.
There a cape pushes out into the sea.
I know the weather there is very cold.
No one will attend to you there.
Typhoons are frequent there in fall.
I hear the sky is very beautiful there.
You need to wear a tie there.
I didn't meet anyone there.
I had no chance to relax there.
We didn't see a single house for five miles there.
The length of our stay there will be one week.
Those customs found acceptance there.
I saw a wonderful fall there.
So perhaps this was their ancient god returning after his long absence.
What was it that you did there?
When I travel, I don't wear armor.
You will have to wait there about an hour.
So they went and saw where he was staying.
The loss of childhood spontaneity has caused widespread concern, as well as calls for review of the nation's educational and social structures.
So I want to explain who these people are.
That was her chance to show what she could do.
That is where you are wrong.
You can see the whole city from here.
Get down from there.
The view was splendid over the plain, and in the distance was Asuka.
You can see the roof of the house from there.
That's your strong point.
That's where you're mistaken.
That's where I can't agree with you.
Socrates was accused of atheism because he did not believe in Zeus.
I'd like the sauce on the side.
I'd like to have the sauce on the side, please.
"Is there any sauce left?" "No, there is none."
Do not be so critical.
I'll tell him that.
It doesn't take very long.
Don't be so reserved.
Don't take it so hard!
You don't have to be so nervous.
Don't you think so?
You are correct in thinking so.
Few people think so.
The idea made my soul rise.
Do you think so?
I suppose so.
Some do think so.
I am not alone in thinking so.
I can not but think so.
Well, if you put it that way, sure.
Now that you've mentioned it, you're right.
It's very kind of you to say so.
It is not too much to say so.
You are very kind to say so.
It is very kind of you to say so.
You are kind to say so.
It is kind of you to say so.
It's very kind of you to put it that way.
It is very good of you to say so.
That idea never presented itself then.
We must do away with such bad customs.
I'll see to it that it never happens again.
To say so should not diminish his importance.
Come to that, I'd like to do some shopping too.
Now that you say it, I think you're right.
Now you've mentioned it, I remember coming here with my parents when I was a child.
Now that you mention it, it's been more than 30 years since then.
Such accidents can happen from time to time.
You have every reason to say so.
It is impudent of him to say so.
Don't be so self-assertive.
That's no excuse.
Thus they decided that I was innocent.
That's why I cannot agree with you.
Such being the case, you can't expect he will come here.
That is how she learns English.
That's just how I was raised.
You won't get it so easily.
If you persist in bothering her like that, she'll lose her temper.
No, I don't think so.
I don't agree.
Well, when exactly?
I agree. He's sure been the king of the hill since we brought him home.
Well, it's all come out in the wash.
You're right, it fits.
Yes, I will be able to forget my busy work and relax.
It all amounts to a lot of hard work.
Really? I want to go there very much. I like Renoir very much.
We'll face that problem when we come to it.
I suppose you could say that.
I scarcely think so.
If I had not overslept, I would have been in time for school.
There is no evidence to the contrary.
I have no proof to the contrary.
I hope not.
We might otherwise have to reconsider the purchase.
There is evidence to the contrary.
Yes, you need to practice every day.
Let me see. It takes about two hours by bus.
Yes, well, that depends.
Well, I clean the rooms.
Well, I clean the rooms, do the laundry, or cook an elaborate supper.
Well, to be frank, I don't like it at all.
Well, personally, I don't really care for it.
Well, I bake bread.
Well, I bake bread, listen to music, or read comic books.
Well, I watch television, take a nap, or take a walk in the park nearby.
Well, I watch television.
Yes and no.
Oh, OK. Well, can you get me one?
And I'm sure I know what caused it.
Yes. He swims fastest in our school.
You're right. I have half a mind to do something myself.
Yes, it is. You were three months old then.
Don't be late for school so often.
"That's right", said John.
Well, I just asked him if he knew the time, because my watch has stopped, and he simply bolted.
I hope so.
I can't help doing that.
That a boy!
That makes for efficiency.
Well you can indicate everything you see.
It will kill two birds with one stone.
And soon your luck will turn for the better.
He made it clear that he intended to do so.
We have no choice but to do so.
I don't think we should do that.
It is not etiquette to do so.
It is incumbent on you to do so.
I parted with my old car, though I hated to do so.
It was to his profit to do so.
I warned you not to do so, didn't I?
He saw brightly-colored birds, flowers and leaves.
It would cost twice as much as that.
It will aggravate the wound.
That makes you even more attractive.
Then twelve o'clock came.
It is absolutely impossible to do so.
It would be a satisfaction to me.
I'd appreciate it if you could do that.
It is kind of you to do so.
I can't be sorry.
In the meantime, she began to cry.
In the meantime, he went to sleep.
This would help us promote your products in the most effective way.
They were based on goods which the members of a society recognized as having value.
I am afraid that neither from them nor from books have I learnt much that greatly profited me.
Because they had not achieved complete success they gave more scope for the activity of my imagination.
Before the arrival of this skyscraper, all the buildings in the city stood in special relationship to each other.
There is no point in calling such buildings 'ugly'.
That decision, in turn, was affected by the geological structure of the hill itself.
He kept calm in the face of the danger.
Then she found several stacks of thousand-dollar bills under a bush and put them in her basket.
You will gain nothing from doing that.
That way of talking is typical of him.
That's right, they've been late twice already.
Oh, now I feel the wind blow hi, hi, hi, hi.
Yes, you can celebrate anything you want.
That could be true, but I don't really think so.
Don't get so irritated. Rushing things will cost you more time in the end.
That kind of talk leads to arguments.
Now that you mention it, what happened to that man who used to work here?
Come to think of it, I did see Taro.
I guess there was some talk of that.
That's not my favorite topic.
That was the reason which prevented them from coming with me.
That is why he wasn't present at the meeting.
That's not the problem.
Such a book would be within his reach.
That's how he discovered the comet.
Such a remark is open to misunderstanding.
Such ability is native to him.
Such people get hold of a chance.
Such a man is bound to fail.
Whoever says so is a liar.
Such a custom is not peculiar to the Americans.
Such a custom is characteristic of the British.
Don't be noisy on such an occasion.
Such a state of things cannot be put up with.
Under the circumstances I cannot allow the request.
That being the case, I had little to say at that moment.
Such an accident is likely to happen again.
You had better not use those four-letter words.
Such matters are beyond the bounds of human knowledge.
Such a deed is an offense against the law.
Such an act will be judged at the bar of public opinion.
Such words will give rise to suspicion.
Talk like that will raise suspicion.
What he meant by those words finally dawned on me.
That is why Yoshio has caught a cold.
Circumstances do not permit me such a holiday.
This is why they can find their way around the world.
That is why he got angry.
Such being the case, he is unable to pay.
That is why he was late for school.
He did not attend the meeting for that reason.
That's why I was late.
That's the reason why I couldn't attend the meeting.
That's why I came back so soon.
That is why I came here.
That is why so many students are absent today.
That was why the city was named Rome.
That is why all the students in the class agreed with him.
That is why she didn't join them.
That's why he did not go overseas to study.
That's why I have such an extreme hatred for him.
That is why I got up early this morning.
That is why words sometimes have great power over us.
It is such a hard job for that reason.
Such being the case, I can not go with you.
Such being the case, I could not be present.
Such being the case, I can't go with you.
You were shouting at her and I don't like that.
I have a phobia for that.
Such is the custom of the people here.
It is beneath you to say such a thing.
You should not do that kind of thing by yourself.
Don't talk about such a thing.
You cannot learn such a thing too soon.
Such things often happen by accident rather than by design.
Yes, I'd like a single room with a private bath, please.
You must get rid of such a habit.
Get him!
You said it!
Yup! I'm going to give up cigarettes.
O.K. I'm glad you could come.
But it's the rhetoric of failure.
That's a blessed lie.
It gets on my nerves.
Mr Soarez has been my close friend for years.
That is why he did not agree to what they had proposed.
Which way is Central Park?
Zen's latest mission is to save the Earth from ecological destruction at the hands of a plant-destroying madman.
Central Park is near where I work.
A centimeter is a unit of length.
I'm not at all tired.
The center fielder made a firm catch for the winning out.
I don't care a bean.
I love that combination.
This chair is ugly.
The concept of zero sprang from the Hindu culture.
Is there any good way to memorise our lines quickly?
Jelly sets as it cools.
The cement will set in a couple of hours.
It will take awhile for the cement to dry before we can use it to park the car.
You should have enough sense not to drink, at least during your illness.
At the very least, I'd like to be able to have everyday conversations.
He might at least apologize.
Can't you wait just ten more minutes?
Please forward this message along with the seminar information to the appropriate managers in your firm.
Do keep practicing!
Cicadas are singing.
Do come by all means.
I have appealed to him to visit but he didn't come.
We would love to work with you.
You must come and have a chat with us.
I strongly suggest you visit Kyoto.
You should have visited Kyoto.
Try by all means.
We request your attendance at the meeting.
Do come and see us again.
I do hope you'll come again.
You have to have a piece of pie.
You must come to the party by all means.
If you must, you must.
Please be sure to bring some of your friends to the party.
I will do it by all means.
Try it by all means.
Do it by all means.
You really must see that movie.
I'd love to see the movie.
Do write to me soon!
You must conduct the orchestra well.
I'd love to dance with you.
I'd very much like to exchange e-mail with you.
Do come and see us tomorrow.
Do come and visit us.
I would very much like to go.
The general strike paralyzed the whole country.
Strike the set.
I shall never give up.
Don't touch me with your soapy hands.
He's the very model of an aggressive salesman.
An impatient driver forced his way through the crossing against the red light.
We'd better try to sell or give away all these white elephants we've collected.
He has failed after all his labors.
If you could do it at all, I'd like you to do it.
After a mad dash down the stairway, I missed my train by a second.
Though I went to see her all the way in the rain, she was out.
All my pains went for nothing.
All my pains were in vain.
I am sorry, but I have someone coming.
After I got all worked up about ordering in English, I walked in the store and they greeted me with "Irasshaimase!" I felt, like, "What the ...?"
Cezanne is famous for his landscapes.
Sexual harassment has now become a social issue.
I have a chest cold.
Do you have cough drops?
A gargle with salt water is good for coughs.
I have a cough.
I can't stop coughing.
I had a bad cough, so I took the bitter medicine.
I don't want to rush you, but let's try to catch the next bus.
When I was in Salem, I would often play tennis with John.
The salesman talked my parents into buying a set of encyclopedias.
Salesmen are usually fast talkers.
The salesman demonstrated how to use the mincer.
The salesman sold the article at an unreasonable price.
The salesman demonstrated how to use it.
I'd like to use a safety box.
The salesman demonstrated how to use the machine.
Would you put this in the safety deposit box?
The Seine flows through Paris.
We have safety deposit boxes.
You're wearing your sweater inside out.
On an island in the Seine, there is a big church called Notre Dame.
I think I had better have my sweater mended.
Put on your sweater. Otherwise you will catch cold.
I caught my sweater on that nail.
The sweater shrank in the wash.
What shall I put on over my sweater?
The sleeves of the sweater began to unravel.
I'm looking for a sweater.
My sweater shrank in the wash.
You should make the most of your ability.
Not more than 40 percent of students go on university.
At most 40 percent of students go on to university.
Seiko has no sisters.
Only twenty people will come to the party at best.
After a hearty dinner, Willie thanked the host.
She's a wonderful wife and mother.
Ms. Swan is our English teacher.
The Swallows are behind 2 to 1!
The Swallows are ahead 4 to 1!
When is the next train to Sloane Square?
The grass was left long and weedy in the slate walk, and very often he wasn't cutting the grass on the other side of the hedge by the road at all.
It's fun to play, too.
Then the monkey went round with a little tin cup.
Then you will be happy.
The dean sighed and said: "I think that this woman is perhaps... my own cousin".
Along comes the grandmother and sees her granddaughter.
Dear woman, why do you involve me? Jesus replied.
Then you will have money and you will be happy.
There is nothing to do, so I may as well go to bed.
Better wear out shoes than sheets.
They do it just for the thrill of it.
The thrilling video game took all my attention.
A man called Slim was killed in the accident.
The pickpocket disappeared into the crowd.
One of the pickpockets blew the whistle on the other two.
Be on your guard against pickpockets.
Beware of pickpockets.
I'd like to report a theft.
Please put on your slippers.
You're not supposed to wear your slippers down to the lobby.
Measurements are different from individual to individual.
Memorize this paragraph until you can say it fluently.
Smog causes plants to die.
Smog is the enemy of healthy lungs.
Smog hung over Tokyo.
Excuse me, but where is the men's shoe department?
May I trouble you for a light?
I'm sorry, I dropped my knife.
Excuse me, but would you please tell me the way to the post office?
Please give her a fluoride treatment.
Please answer the phone.
I'm afraid you can't.
Will you please put the baby to bed?
May I trouble you to pass me the pepper?
I'm sorry, but I don't have any small change.
I'm sorry, but they're out of stock.
I'm sorry, but I don't understand English well.
May I trouble you for the sugar?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the station?
Would you mind turning down the radio?
Would you kindly switch off the radio?
Would you kindly make room for this old woman?
May I trouble you for the pepper?
Excuse me, but may I put my books here?
Sorry, we can't fill this prescription here.
Excuse me, but could you tell me where the post office is?
Excuse me, but might I use the phone?
Excuse me, but where is the library?
Will you open the window, please?
Excuse me, but can you help me?
Sorry, but I want to tell her this news face to face.
Sorry, but I want to tell him this news face to face.
Excuse me, do you have the time?
I'm sorry, but I don't feel like going out today.
Sorry, but I have to hurry. I have no time to explain this in detail.
Excuse me, but could you show me the way to the station?
Excuse me, but will you show me the way to the station?
Would you please give me some more tea?
Excuse me. Can you direct me to the nearest subway station?
Will you please let me go now?
I'm sorry, could you repeat that please?
Excuse me, but will you tell me the way to the Hilton Hotel?
Excuse me, but could you tell me the way to the bus stop?
Excuse me, but will you tell me where to change trains?
Sorry, but I'm not very interested in that subject.
Do me a favor by switching off that radio.
Excuse me, but could you tell me how to get to Central Park?
Excuse me, but may I exchange this sweater for another?
Would you please lend me some money?
Excuse me, but could you do me a favor?
I beg your pardon, but would you repeat what you said?
Sorry, I couldn't catch what you said.
I'm sorry, but I think you're mistaken.
Excuse me, could you spare me a few minutes? I have a favor to ask you.
Sorry, but it all came about so suddenly that I haven't got a handle on the situation yet.
I'm sorry, but that's all we have right now.
Sorry? Pardon?
Excuse me. How often do shuttle buses run to downtown New York?
Sorry, the line is busy now.
Excuse me, I think you're sitting in my seat.
Excuse me, does this train go to Washington Square?
I'm sorry, I'm busy right now.
I'm sorry I did you wrong.
Sorry sir, I'm afraid he may not be in.
I'm sorry, I dialed the wrong number.
Excuse me, I'm lost.
Excuse me. May I get by?
I'm sorry. I have another appointment.
I'm sorry. Would you mind turning around?
Excuse me. I'd like to rent a car.
Excuse me, I have to get off at the next stop.
Excuse me, but I feel sick.
I'm sorry, you are not allowed to.
Sorry, I've got my hands full now.
I'm sorry, but I didn't catch what you said.
Excuse me, would you mind repeating that?
Excuse me, could you say that again more slowly?
Sorry. I beg your pardon?
Excuse me, but we're in a hurry, too.
Excuse me. May I get through?
Sorry, I wish you wouldn't.
Excuse me, is this seat taken?
I'm sorry, we can't make flight changes on this ticket.
Excuse me, but I think this is my seat.
Sorry, I can't accommodate you.
Excuse me, officer, where are we now?
Someone is hiding in the corner.
Who is the man sitting in the corner?
Mrs. Smith is bearing up well since the death of her husband.
Mrs. Smith is an elderly lady.
Mrs. Smith was a famous beauty.
Mrs. Smith goes to church by car.
Mrs. Smith is in black.
Mrs. Smith is our English teacher.
Mrs. Smith is actively engaged in volunteer work.
Mrs. Smith can get her husband to do anything she likes.
You could say that Mrs. Smith is a television addict.
Mrs. Smith gave birth to her second child.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are a good match.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith live apart from each other now.
The Smiths had their house painted white.
Mr. and Mrs. Smith are the sort of couple who don't go out much in the evenings.
He's just about had enough of the Smiths' TV.
Dr. Smith is the most knowledgeable expert in that subject.
Mr Smith drilled them in English pronunciation.
Miss Smith is liked by all students.
Mr Smith teaches me English.
Mr Smith left Japan this morning.
Is Miss Smith an English teacher?
Mr Smith is in charge of the class.
Miss Smith teaches English at this school.
Mr Smith always begins his lectures with a joke.
Dr. Smith has a lot of patients.
Who will be in charge of our class when Miss Smith leaves school?
Mr Smith and I have been acquainted with each other for a long time.
Mr Smith is a good teacher.
Mr Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to.
Mr Smith married his daughter to a doctor.
Mr Smith gave a lecture on literature.
Mr Smith made her his secretary.
Mr Smith forgot to take his commuter ticket.
Mr Smith takes a good deal of exercise before breakfast.
Mr Smith is an eminent violinist.
Mr Smith sued them for damages.
Mr Smith is a doctor by profession.
Mr Smith had his letter typed.
Mr Smith is a candidate for mayor.
Mr Smith is pleased at his son's success.
Mr Smith is accused of breach of contract.
Mr Smith proposed marriage to Jane.
Mr Smith is vulnerable to this kind of criticism.
The study which Mr Smith specializes in is economics.
Mr Smith had three sons who became engineers.
I have a bowing acquaintance with Mr Smith.
I have a nodding acquaintance with Mr Smith.
Mr Smith was announced as the succeeding chairman.
Mr Smith founded this school forty years ago.
Mr Smith is now president of this company.
Professor Smith is recognized to be one of the greatest scholars in English philology.
Prof. Smith is famous for his eccentric life style.
Talking of Professor Smith, his assistant is hard of hearing.
The Smiths are all good people.
The Smiths moved to Ohio.
Mr. Smith is sure to come on Sunday.
Mr. Smith should have told the truth.
Smith died of a heart attack.
Smith demanded payment.
Smith struck Jones out.
Smith argues that no international laws can be applied to this case.
Mr Smith has lived in Kyoto for three years.
Smith's approach differs greatly from others in that he did not take the affixation into consideration.
The Smiths are our cousins.
The Smiths are our neighbors.
Few people can run the machine as well as Mr Smith.
Mr Smith is too polite to say anything bad about others.
Mr Smith hasn't turned up yet though he promised to come.
Mr Smith made him a doctor.
Mr Smith made it a rule to take a walk every morning.
Mr Smith made him some toys.
Mr Smith has not turned up yet though he promised to come.
Mr Smith lost his way in the dense fog.
Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York."
Mr Smith says, "I was born in New York, but my wife comes San Francisco."
Mr Smith thinks that he's a big shot.
Mr Smith is now on duty.
Mr Smith lives in Kyoto now.
Mr Smith was bereaved of his wife.
Mr. Smith doesn't speak English, does he?
Even though Mr Smith was very wealthy, he was a tight wad.
Mr Smith carried out the plan successfully.
Mr Smith is within shouting distance.
Mr Smith is drinking coffee.
Mr Smith lived in Kyoto three years ago.
Mr Smith says he was born in New York, but that his wife comes from Japan.
Mr Smith, whose car I borrowed for this trip, is a rich lawyer.
The Smiths live in my neighborhood.
A farewell party was held in honor of Mr Smith.
Please connect me with Mr Smith.
I tried to call Mr Smith, but the line was busy.
I would like to see Mr Smith.
Will you please connect me with Mr Smith?
Mr Smith is an acquaintance of hers.
I've known Mr Smith for many years.
A Mr Smith has come to see you.
How long have you known Miss Smith?
A Mr Smith came to see you during your absence.
Talking of Smith, what has become of his daughter?
A Mr Smith came to see you.
Mr Smith spoke so fast I couldn't take in what he said.
Mrs. Smith, I'd like to introduce a friend of mine, Pierre Dubois.
He said that if Smith was elected, he would resign.
Would you mind if I borrowed your car?
Excuse me, but I'm tied up now.
What am I going to do? I can't close my fly.
A sponge absorbs water.
A sponge absorbs liquids.
Your pants reach the floor.
Did Spot go, too?
I have no leisure for sport.
I like sport.
Sports activities require a slender figure.
Poor eyesight is a handicap to a sportsman.
Sport is frankly mimic warfare.
Sports nurture friendships.
Apart from sports, I like listening to jazz music.
Sports play an important role in social life.
I do not do sports.
Do you like playing sports?
Sports help to develop our muscles.
Sports can be dangerous if safety is ignored.
You have to give up sports for a while.
Sports keep us in good shape.
Sports make us healthy in mind as well as in body.
The better players helped those who were not so good at sports.
The paradox of sport is that it bonds as it divides.
Do you have any interest in sports?
Some students neglect their studies in favor of sports.
I maintain that sports are a waste of time.
Speaking of sports, can you play tennis?
Australians excel at sports and entertainment.
Talking of sports, what sports do you play?
When it comes to sports, I can't beat her.
When it comes to sports, John is very good.
In sport, team harmony is vital to success.
I love music as well as sports.
It's not only the health aspects of sports that appeal to people, but the cooperative aspect that team sports teach, and the competitive aspect in itself.
Some people like sports, and others don't.
I love sports. I get that from my father.
The spokesman confirmed that the report was true.
Could you spell it, please?
Everything is on schedule.
Everything happened all at once.
You must be doing wonderfully in everything.
All systems are go.
We must surrender them all.
Everything was as it had been when I left there.
Everything is in place now.
Everything went according to plan.
I owe it all to you.
Everything fell out as I expected.
Let's scrap everything and start over again with a clean slate.
Bring everything to ruin.
Taking everything into consideration, he can't be the criminal.
All things considered, she is a fairly good wife.
All things considered, we can not say that it is wrong.
All things considered, we cannot say that it is wrong.
Taking everything into consideration, they ought to be given another chance.
All things considered, we'll adopt his project.
All tragedies end with a death.
Everything depends on her answer.
All the signs are that she is getting better.
All containing news of his concerts and various activities.
Everything was burnt to ashes.
Everything turned out satisfactory.
Everything is over.
All comes to the same thing.
Everything depends upon your decision.
Everything depends on whether you pass the examination.
Everything depends on what you will do.
It all depends on whether they will support us.
Of all the famous baseball players, he stands out as a genius.
The wild beasts all gather.
Suddenly all the lights went out.
Not all books are good books.
Not all the books are worth reading.
All the clergy are against the new law.
Every mother has affection for her child.
Some common threads run through all cultures.
All civilized countries are against war.
Lay down all arms.
It all started in Montgomery, Alabama, on December 1, 1955.
All horses are animals, but not all animals are horses.
Every piece of reading matter calls for a different kind of reading.
Not all animals are wild.
All the lights went out.
You must give up the idea that you are superior to them in every respect.
I agreed with you in all your views.
I found all the shops closed by that time.
Not all birds can fly.
Not every bird can sing.
Every boy is supposed to wear a tie at the party.
All the villages were beautiful.
All our teachers were young and loved teaching.
Every teacher knows that Ann is a good athlete.
All students looked up to their homeroom teacher.
Every star is a sphere.
You should regard the rights of all.
All human beings are legally equal.
It is believed that all men are equal.
All human beings are mortal.
Not all men are created equal.
You must not trust every man.
The true light that gives light to every man was coming into the world.
It is by no means easy to please everybody.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time; but you cannot fool all the people all of the time.
Everybody must be subject to law.
Everybody is bound to obey the laws.
Everybody is equal before the law.
Everybody is subject to law.
Everyone should exercise their right to vote.
Everybody has his merits and demerits.
All men have equal rights.
All men are created equal.
All people breathe air.
All men are equal before God.
A friend to everybody is a friend to leisure.
You should set a high value on every man's life.
It goes without saying that everybody is given the equal right to speak.
So that through him all man might believe.
That everybody is told all the facts is important.
Not everybody knows about my plan.
Not everyone can realize the dreams of his youth.
We have enough seats for everyone.
Nobody ever wants to be without money.
Every man cannot be a hero.
It is not easy to be understood by everybody.
Not everyone likes that book.
Not everybody knows about the plan.
It is necessary that everybody observe these rules.
Not all men are wise.
All parents like to have their children praised.
He maintained that all occupations should be open to women.
It is now a fully accepted idea that all occupations should be open to women.
All the passengers left the plane in a hurry.
All the evidence points to his guilt.
All the boys ran away.
All the officers and men joined their efforts against the attack.
I will see to it that everything is ready in time.
Every experiment required a protected environment and an entirely objective frame of mind.
Taking all things into consideration, I think they were mistaken in it.
Every citizen ought to help them.
All children are potential geniuses.
All participants made that great effort in the Olympics.
We must make every effort to do away with all discrimination.
Every nation should help each other.
Every nation longs for world peace.
All happy families resemble each other, each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Every language continues to change as long as it is spoken.
In the greatest of all works of art everything had been realized, I could give nothing, and my restless mind tired of passive contemplation.
All the competitors are trying to get their piece of the pie.
Not all the students were present.
All the students respect their home room teacher.
Not every student went there yesterday.
Not all the students attended the meeting.
All the students are studying English.
All members have access to these books.
It is necessary that every member observe these rules.
Four-fifths of all the members were against the plan.
80% of all English words come from other languages.
Not all doctors make a lot of money.
All essays must be handed in on time.
All things are obedient to money.
Everything looked nice.
All was still.
All the other little rabbits came out to see how happy they both were, and they danced in a wedding circle around the little black rabbit and little white rabbit.
All the buses are full.
After I locked all the doors, I went to bed.
Shut all the doors and windows.
Please leave everything to me.
All things taken into consideration, her life is a happy one.
Taking everything into consideration, he bought the car.
All the dogs are alive.
Not all Americans speak English as their mother tongue.
I'm satisfied with everything.
Everything is in good order.
Everything militated against his success.
All this is visible to numerous observers.
Everything is going very well.
Everything appears to be going well.
Everything should be done in accordance with the rules.
Everything is OK.
What does the special taste like?
The space shuttle informs us about the earth, too.
How about some Spanish food?
The explosion of the space shuttle is still fresh in my memory.
Spaniards love to stroll around in the evening cool.
It would be to your advantage to study Spanish.
I know a little Spanish.
It is worthwhile learning Spanish.
A little knowledge of Spanish will go a long way toward making your trip to Mexico enjoyable.
I can understand written Spanish just a little but spoken Spanish is Greek to me.
I wish I could have spoken Spanish.
Spanish is her native language.
Spain once governed the Philippine Islands.
Spain was one of the world's mightiest nations.
Spain is abundant in oranges.
Spain is the host country for the Olympics in 1992.
The population of Spain is about one-third as large as that of Japan.
The rain in Spain falls mainly on the plain.
If you visit Spain, come and see me.
I hiked through the Pyrenees from Spain to Paris.
The sprinkler is shooting out a stream of water onto the grass.
Could we have a spoon?
There is a spoon missing.
The Sphinx began to walk around him.
The Sphinx had eaten hundreds of people on their way to the city of Thebes, because they could not answer the riddle the cunning Sphinx had asked them.
This is the first time I have seen a Spielberg movie.
I got into trouble with the police by driving too fast.
The speedometer was indicating 95 mph.
The speedometer is recording 100 mph now.
Driving too fast is dangerous.
Speeding often causes car accidents.
You're driving too fast.
I can hardly make a speech without feeling nervous.
How did your speech go?
In the speech, he referred to the strength of the company.
I get really bad performance anxiety before I give a speech.
At the end of the speech she repeated the word.
You don't have to come up with an unusual topic for your speech.
The speech contest was held under the auspices of the Ministry of Education.
The speech contest took place on the ninth of November.
She is by far the best player in that country.
Sometimes the most inspired ideas seem to just come from out of the blue.
With the sun shining bright, we should go for a swim.
It's worth going to Bali because you can see the amazing sunset.
When one has a wonderful dream, one doesn't wish to come down to earth.
It's a nice day, isn't it?
The beautiful weather added to our pleasure.
Beautiful day, isn't it?
The weather was gorgeous.
Thank you for the wonderful gift.
What a marvelous person your brother is!
He was a wonderful man, that uncle of yours.
He was a wonderful man.
Have a wonderful eating experience.
Thank you for the wonderful meal.
It was a lovely autumn evening.
A bright idea occurred to me.
A splendid idea occurred to John.
A magnificent sight presented itself before us.
A glorious sight burst on our view.
We had a wonderful holiday.
This is a splendid house.
A great party that was.
I've got a splendid idea.
Thank you so much for having been the nice N.Y. contact that you are.
Quickly she opened the letter.
Be prompt in dealing with the problem.
Quickly he got down the stairs.
I like to add basil to season my spaghetti sauce.
The spy sent information by code.
I'm not used to spicy food.
A spy may be about.
People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
In other words, he doesn't want to do it.
That is to say, a language is something that we learn and are taught, not something that we know by instinct.
In other words, the merits, etc. of making detours are the consideration of the attitudes of the landowners whose property the line would cross, the convenience of other towns and villages, as well as connection with other railway lines.
Where can I buy snacks?
The straw appears bent at the place where it enters the water.
It's necessary to avoid stress.
The methods used to overcome stress are different for men and women: drinking is the major method used by men, while women deal with stress by chatting.
Common causes of stress are work and human relationships.
The stress began to tell on his heart.
I'm feeling stressed.
Stratford-on-Avon, where Shakespeare was born, is visited by many tourists every year.
The strikers called off the strike of their own accord.
Will the strike affect the price of coal?
The strike affected the nation's economy.
The strike was to little purpose.
I had to cancel my trip on account of the strike.
A strike is a mass refusal to work by a body of employees.
A strike disrupted the postal system.
The coal in the stove is burning.
Warm up using the stove.
Please remove the ashes from the stove.
Can I play the stereo?
Turn down the stereo.
Put a record on the stereo.
Stella really is dead!
This is also part of your work, as I told you before.
There's no use crying over spilt milk.
A considerable amount of time and effort have been spent already.
I already told you.
Twenty years already passed.
A nice boy talked to Kate.
It was very kind of you to give me a nice gift.
That's a gorgeous color. What kind of beer is that?
This is a nice restaurant. Thanks for bringing me here.
What a beautiful sweater!
That's a nice T-shirt.
The man dancing on the stage is my uncle.
Eat up the steak and then you can have a candy.
I like my steak medium.
Steak is my favorite dish.
Steak lies heavy on the stomach.
I like my steak rare.
How would you like your steak?
The beefsteak tasted marvelous.
How would you like your steak done?
I have steak, eggs, hash browns, toast, and coffee.
I would like steak with a baked potato.
Steak is often accompanied by red wine.
Steak and red wine make a good combination.
We dined off steak and salad.
Steak and caviar are my favorite dishes.
Steve was loved by all.
Steve had to shell out $50.00 for the speeding ticket he got last week.
Steve is a man of good character.
Steve did not come home.
Steve told me the tale of his travels.
Steve looked very happy.
Steve is getting on the bus.
Steve goes to school with Kate.
Steve will get married to Nancy next week.
Steve and Jane always walk to school arm in arm.
Did you sleep well last night, Steve?
Steve, I heard you were the baby of the family.
Do you have Stevie Wonder's new album?
No good apple on a sour stock.
Steve received a letter from Jane.
You must be a good walker to have walked all the way.
I want to be with him all the way.
I have been occupied in reading books.
We've been having good weather.
It has become much warmer.
Years ago this principle was widely recognized.
I've sat on my heels for so long my legs have fallen asleep.
He's been batting a thousand.
It's been hot and humid.
I've been thinking about it.
Way off in the distance she could see the lights of the city.
Look at the cloud over there.
It was only much later that I came to understand the importance of child education.
You should have gone on singing.
What have you been doing?
We saw a lake far below.
We saw a light far away.
A ship is seen a long way off.
You never wanted to talk about it.
You left me standing alone here on this road a long, long time ago.
I've clean forgotten.
I haven't quite finished eating.
I'm sorry to put you to such great expense.
It's all laid on.
A stewardess was rescued from the wreck.
The steam shovels dug down three stories on one side and four stories on the other side.
Stan has always carried a torch for Liz.
Stallone became famous through film.
It was so hot in the stadium that I thought I was going to pass out.
Not all of the staff was present.
Is the staff meeting held on Monday?
I get along well with all the staff.
We have a good negotiator on the staff.
We cannot go into the studio.
There were lots of people in the stadium.
There were a lot of excited people in the stadium.
When we arrived at the stadium, the game had already started.
Dr. Stein will be with you shortly.
With regard to the style this car is best.
Star baseball players are often asked for autographs.
Now that we've got off the mark, we must get through this work.
I got a nasty sting from a wasp.
Not a single sparrow was to be heard.
Sparrows were flying about.
Sushi is good, but Thai dishes are better.
Living life in the fast lane is like burning the candle at both ends.
Regarding Professor Scott's final criticism I have nothing more to add to what I said in my previous reply.
Late autumn in Scotland is rather cold.
Scotland is famous for its woollen textiles.
Some songs come from Scotland.
The union of Scotland and England took place in 1706.
Scotland can be very warm in September.
Scott was the first man to reach the pole.
Scott was a contemporary of Byron.
Scott received a very strict education.
It will not be long before Scott gets well.
Scott Hall belongs to the Outsiders.
Do you mind waiting for a minute?
I suppose I felt a little jealous.
I don't like anything like hard work.
I had a fine old time.
I am terribly hungry.
Does it hurt a lot?
I was biting my nails, worrying about you.
I feel very sick.
What an awful lot of books you have!
It's freezing.
Can you guess how happy I am?
It was great. I went to Kyoto.
That's a lot!
That's an amazing distance, isn't it?
He is going like the devil.
These fireworks are spectacular!
It's amazing, just like that.
What a gorgeous bash!
It's amazing.
Terrific!
Brilliant!
That's too much!
God, this place looks great.
Great! Let's get together sometime.
Wow!
The score is 9 to 2 in favor of our school.
The score is one all.
Dr. Skeleton is known for his study on ghosts.
We'll find more engineers to recover the schedule.
In regard to the schedule, I'll let you know later.
I want to talk with the manager about the schedule.
Don't forget your ice skates.
You need to have strong thigh muscles to skate.
Skating is one of my hobbies.
We had a lot of fun skating.
I like skating better.
Which do you like better, skating or skiing?
If you want to skate well, you should take it up seriously.
I hope you'll soon get well.
The skater spun around like a top.
I telephoned him to come at once.
Wait for me. I'll be back in no time.
Don't be long.
I'll be back in a few minutes.
It will soon grow light.
I hope you will answer me soon.
It is polite of her to write me back at once.
Do your room at once.
Enter the room at once.
I will write to him at once.
I'll soon catch up with you.
It looks like it is going to clear up soon.
Just try to wing it.
Will it clear up soon?
You will soon be able to ski well.
You will be in time for the train if you start at once.
You'll be in time for the train if you start at once.
I intended to start at once.
Leave now, or you'll miss the train.
Start at once, and you will catch up with him.
Leave now.
Start at once, or you will miss the train.
Start right now, and you'll catch up with them.
If you don't start at once, you will be late.
You must not leave right now.
You had better leave at once.
You don't need to go at once.
Start at once, and you will be in time for school.
You'd better see a dentist at once.
A start should be made at once.
Let's start at once and have done with it.
We'll begin work soon.
We may as well set to work at once.
Let's begin our work at once.
I'm coming.
I think it better to go at once.
We may as well go at once.
Go at once, otherwise you will be late.
I'll be along soon.
Try to make up your mind soon.
You should notify the police at once.
There is a post office close by.
Is there a telephone near by?
I found at my elbow a pretty girl.
Get up at once, or you will miss the 7:00 bus.
You may go out as long as you come back soon.
She said she would be back right away.
You may go out only if you come back soon.
You will miss the train, unless you start for the station at once.
You'll soon be able to swim.
Send for the doctor at once.
Send for the doctor at once, or the patient may get worse.
Send for the doctor at once, or the patient will get worse.
It will soon grow dark.
Call the doctor right away.
You can't miss it.
It is not enough to read great books once only, however carefully.
Furniture made of good materials sells well.
Could I have a screwdriver?
Scrums are a feature of Rugby football.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
I hope to hear from you soon.
You had better get in touch with your parents at once.
I believe you'll get over it soon.
Get ready for the trip at once.
Come at once.
Please make your reservations promptly.
I'll be back soon.
You should go back right now.
Come back soon.
I'll be back in a wink.
I'll mail you the report in a jiffy, so you won't have to wait long.
Please write me a reply soon.
I will write you back soon.
Please write back soon.
You can not miss it.
I fly into a rage easily.
Come into the room at once.
You should go to the hospital at once.
She will get well soon.
You will soon get to like her.
He will be able to do the work soon.
Write to him right away.
You've got to write to him quickly.
You will soon get to like him.
Hand in your papers at once.
You don't have to answer quickly.
You'll soon get used to the climate here.
You get on the phone and call the doctor.
We'll check on it right now.
At once the birds left their nests.
It will soon be breakfast time.
I want you to go to Osaka right away.
I'd like to see the doctor soon.
Please be sure to let me know your new address soon.
Soon he needed new clothes.
You had better go to bed right away, or your cold will get worse.
You'd better go to bed at once.
Should I fill it in now?
A policeman was sent for at once.
We will take care of this for you.
It will be ready soon.
You shouldn't leave at once.
It occurred to him that he should start at once.
Let's start right away.
Start at once, or you will miss the bus.
Start at once, and you will be in time.
Leave at once.
Start at once, or you will be late.
You'll have to start at once.
Must I start at once?
You had better set off at once.
You may as well start at once.
They are champing to start at once.
Must I leave at once?
Get out of here immediately!
If we don't hit the road soon, we'll get caught in the morning rush hour traffic.
You don't need to leave right now.
I may as well start at once.
Let's start at once; it's already late.
Start at once, and you'll be in time for class.
Do your homework at once.
Start at once, and you will catch the bus.
You had better write the letter at once.
We need to take care of this immediately.
Will I be able to get well soon?
Soon I found myself wanting to meet him and talk to him.
Get down to your work straight away.
Can you reissue them right away?
You had better go at once.
I'm coming at once.
Go at once, or you will be late for school.
I must go right away.
You must not jump to conclusions.
Yes, she'll be with you in a minute.
We must contact the police at once.
We must make up our minds, and that at once.
I will write to you soon.
You will soon adjust to living in a dormitory.
I put on my shoes at once.
Get up at once, or you will be late for school.
You will soon get used to the change of climate.
Provided you come back soon you may go.
You'd better go home at once.
Please come back at once.
You may go out as long as you came back soon.
Come and see me right now.
You may as well leave home at once.
Come home at once.
They'll be glad if it rains soon.
Soon you'll get used to living by yourself.
Send for a doctor at once.
A doctor was called in right away.
I shall send for a doctor at once.
The doctor must be sent for at once.
You may as well see the doctor at once.
A doctor was sent for at once.
You had better see a doctor at once.
It's in plain sight.
I hope he'll get better soon.
Hope you'll get better soon.
You will be better soon.
I hope you'll be well soon.
I look forward to seeing you again very soon.
You had better do it at once.
I get hysterical easily.
We are not likely to accept another offer any time soon.
I'm sorry, but I can't answer right away.
You'll get used to it in no time.
Call up Tom right away.
Let the door be closed at once.
Unless it rains in Ethiopia soon, there could be severe drought problems.
Set the table at once.
You had better give up smoking at once.
I found it difficult to solve the problem at once.
You can get over the handicap soon.
We need to settle the serious matter at once.
We'll look into the case at once.
Stop speaking right now.
Our sister will be with us soon.
Take this box away soon.
You will soon adapt yourself to this new life.
You will soon get accustomed to living in this country.
Send me somebody right away.
I'll call you back soon.
Leave here at once.
Come here at once.
Give us the sign to go soon.
I would appreciate hearing from you soon.
Return the money to him at once.
Call the doctor in immediately.
You should act on the doctor's advice at once.
I'll put your call through in a minute.
You'll be a good player soon.
You will be going soon.
It will cure you of your headache in no time.
Get in touch with your agent right away.
I recognized your voice right away.
Soon the cold rain came down.
You are to shut the door at once.
Do I have to do it right away?
I heard a faint sound nearby.
Get the work started straight away!
It's just around the corner.
Send for the baggage immediately.
I'll be with you in a second.
I'll be there in a minute.
Must I go there at once?
I had a bowl of noodles at a street nearby.
I readily grasped at his proposal.
The school bus could not run.
A school bus ferries students between the station and the campus.
Is there a school bus?
I missed the school bus!
Dial 110 at once.
Opportunity makes a thief.
What is sukiyaki made of?
You were served sukiyaki for dinner, then spent the night and had breakfast. Don't you think you were imposing?
Have you ever tried scuba diving?
The scandal has badly damaged his clean image.
There is nothing more exciting than scuba diving.
Scandal could expose the lie.
The scandal hurt the company's reputation.
When the scandal broke, the Congressman's constituents were seething.
Take as much as you like.
A hungry man is an angry man.
I'd like to rent skis and ski boots.
To ski is a lot of fun.
Skiing is a good form of recreation.
Skiing is a great enjoyment to me.
Skiing is my favorite sport.
The time for skiing has gone by.
The season for skiing has gone by.
I think I'll go skiing.
I'd like to go skiing.
If only I could go skiing.
Which is easier, skiing or skating?
What do you say we go skiing?
We skied down to Chamonix.
Since ski season is almost over, the ski wear that's on sale is all leftovers, so there's nothing that's just my size.
I can ski.
I'd like to play a game of squash.
I'd like to try out skydiving.
Would you please show me that skirt?
Should the Suez and Panama Canals be internationalized?
Do you have a bowl for soup?
Don't make noise while eating soup.
Will you warm up the soup?
Don't make noises when you eat soup.
Do not make a noise when you eat soup.
It's bad manners to make a noise when you eat soup.
Have your soup without making noise.
Don't let the soup get cold.
When you drink soup, don't make any hissing sound.
The soup is not cool.
Eat your soup while it is hot.
The soup-spoon is always on the extreme right.
There's a hair in my soup.
I think the soup needs a bit of salt.
I'll put some salt in the soup.
Add more salt to the soup.
The soup is so hot I can't drink it.
Wait till the soup warms.
The soup is bubbling in the pot.
Boil the soup down until it becomes thick.
You have the choice of soup or salad.
It comes with soup or salad.
Sue picked up a pencil off the floor.
Sue is the best tennis player in our school.
Sue checked in at the Royal Hotel.
Sue has a big bottom, but she doesn't care.
Sue is an American student.
Superman flies as fast as a rocket.
The supermarkets are now closed, so we'll have to make do with what is left in the refrigerator.
The supermarket hired many part-timers.
If you're going to the supermarket, will you please bring me back some oranges?
Do you think that those superheroes are endowed with talents we don't possess?
The old houses were torn down to make room for a supermarket.
There's no use for plastic supermarket bags aside from putting trash in them.
Would you go to the supermarket and get some butter?
Did you buy any meat in the supermarket?
I'm going to drop by the supermarket.
Working part-time at a supermarket, I found that some customers were polite whereas others weren't.
Sue and I have always got on well.
Sue and John decided to take the plunge.
He was conspicuous in his suit.
It's necessary to take correct measurements when you are tailoring a suit.
Change into your suit.
I hesitate to pay so much for a suit.
Can you manage to carry the suitcase by yourself?
I'll take your suitcase to your room.
Let me relieve you of your suitcase.
Tighten the strap around the suitcase.
The suitcase contained nothing but dirty clothes.
I think my suitcase was stolen.
One of my suitcases is missing.
Don't talk so impudently.
I wish I could play the piano as well as Susie.
Susie is so constituted that she cannot forgive and forget things.
Susie could not settle her fears.
Susie loves Japanese music.
Susie doesn't speak Japanese, and Tom doesn't either.
Susie sat up until midnight, when she heard a strange noise.
Susie sometimes visits her father's office.
Susie can type many times as fast as I can.
Susie lent me two books, neither of which I have read as yet.
Susie was unable to take part in the game because she wasn't feeling well.
Susie has a nice smile.
Suzy hopes that Tom will ask her out.
Susie's hair is very long.
Susie's mother is a most beautiful woman.
Susie wasn't very feminine.
Susan is a good cook.
Susan may not come, but Betty certainly will.
Susan has promised her mother that she will call her to let her know that they have arrived safely.
Susan enjoys listening to music.
Susan really takes after her mother.
Susan shined her father's shoes.
Susan broke the dish on purpose to show her anger.
Susan is indifferent to politics.
Susan is intelligent, and I expect her to pass the exam easily.
Susan spent the summer vacation at her grandmother's.
Susan eats like a bird and leaves most of the food on her plate.
Susan manages to tell her mother that it is time to say goodbye.
Susan is two years my senior.
Susan is actually your half sister.
Susan found out where the puppy had come from.
Susan was not playing the piano then.
Susan made a dress for Jill.
Susan was terrified.
Susan greeted her guests at the door.
Susan is majoring in American history.
It was very dark in Susan's room.
Susan left an hour ago.
Susan and Bob have flown from London to Sydney, Australia.
I'm Susan Greene.
Susan burst into tears.
I'm amazed Sue accepted his proposal.
The population of Sweden is on the increase.
Sweden has a language of its own.
Dr. Sweet's nature belied his name.
Excuse me, but may I use your telephone?
Excuse me, but is this the right way to the subway station?
I'm sorry, but that brand of cigarettes is out of stock.
I'm sorry, but I didn't understand what you said in English.
I'm sorry. It was just a slip of the tongue.
Sorry, I'm a stranger here.
I beg your pardon. I didn't think this was your seat.
I'm sorry. I did you wrong.
Excuse me, could you tell me the way to the post office?
You've grown so tall.
It's very warm. Shall I turn on the air conditioner?
It was nice of you to go to so much trouble.
The switch is off.
The switch didn't work on time.
Visitors to Switzerland admire the Alps.
While visiting Switzerland, he became ill with pneumonia.
Switzerland is a beautiful country worth visiting.
Switzerland is famous for its scenic beauty.
Switzerland is a beautiful country.
Switzerland is a neutral country.
Switzerland is situated between France, Italy, Austria and Germany.
We will be enjoying the beautiful scenery of Switzerland.
Most Swiss people can speak three or four languages.
Switzerland boasts many sights.
Speaking of Switzerland, have you ever been there in spring?
In Switzerland, spring comes in May.
What language do they speak in Switzerland?
Have you bought a watermelon?
Watermelons are in season now.
I'd like a suite.
We were entranced by the fabulous suite.
I have hives.
The cymbals clashed.
Zimbabwe was once a colony of Britain.
Cinderella is far fairer than her sisters.
Cindy dozed off in the middle of her graduation examinations.
It's freezing in this room, Cindy. I can't put up with this cold.
Shinji found it very difficult to adjust himself to life in the new school. However, the fact that he was an EVA pilot made him popular.
His synchronizing rate left nothing to be desired.
Who'll be taking over from Cynthia when she retires?
I'd like to reserve a single room.
I'd like a single from the 24th for two nights.
Would you like a single or a double?
Single, please.
The number of visitors to Singapore has increased year by year.
Singapore has one big problem.
How did you like Singapore?
Singapore's Central Fund provides pensions.
Do you know about Singapore?
In Singapore, it is a crime to spit on the ground.
They fine you in Singapore if you throw trash in the streets.
They teach Chinese as a second national language in Singapore.
In Singapore, a way to punish criminals is to whip them.
In Singapore, one way to punish a criminal is to whip him or her.
In Singapore, a way to punish criminals is to whip them, or hit them several strokes with a cane, on their backs.
English is spoken in Singapore.
I'm from Singapore.
Could I have a glass of white wine?
I'd like a gin and tonic.
Don't stare at people.
It is rude to stare at strangers.
Polar bears live in the Arctic.
Jiro soon arrived at his house.
Silvia had a stern father who never praised her.
Jill says that she's happily married, but at times you'd never know it.
Jill looked at John sideways.
Jill is the only girl in our club.
Jill saw the movie with Ken.
Jill is engaged to Jack.
Jill is smart as well as pretty.
Jill has been on the phone with friends for more than two hours!
Do you approve of Jill's new hairstyle?
Jill and John will take the vows of man and wife next month.
The orbit around Sirius is elliptical.
I can never feel at ease among strangers.
Stop playing cat and mouse with me and tell me the news.
John, you're working too hard. Sit down and take it easy for a while.
Except for John, they all arrived.
It is hard to convince John.
You can trust John. He will never let you down.
John was another great player.
John sat with arms crossed.
John was standing alone with his arms folded.
John talks big.
John was busy preparing for his trip.
John is clever.
John likes to trade stamps with his friends.
John talked his friends into helping the poor family.
John did a brave thing.
John has hardly ever gone to bed before midnight.
John is in the habit of staying up until midnight.
John moved forward to the gate.
Will John come to see us tomorrow?
John tried not to wake the sleeping baby.
John built a bookcase.
John was standing alone in the room with his arms folded.
John ran into the room.
John is better loved than his father.
John went to America by air.
John is very proud of his new house.
John goes to his office on foot.
His shrewdness marks John for success.
John inherited a large fortune.
John is admitted to be a fool.
John was beating the drums loudly.
John works hard.
John has a car made in Japan.
John is the taller of the two boys.
John is looking for a book on Japanese history.
John got suddenly ill, but in the case of Bill, he simply forgot about the meeting.
John has to do without a stereo for the time being.
John is not so much a genius as a hard worker.
John has been moody since this morning.
John stretched out on the couch.
John listened carefully.
John is careless. He makes many mistakes.
John is very careless about his clothes.
John helped himself to several pieces of pie without asking.
John put across a big housing project.
John hit the jackpot. His efforts paid off beyond his wildest dreams.
John grew up to be a great artist.
John is a far better singer than the others.
John is too fat to run fast.
John hung his hopes on his son.
John came running into the room.
John took a walk along the river.
John had a bad cold last week.
John casts the blame on others.
John seems very honest by nature.
John has a natural bent for tennis.
John is cheerful by nature.
John is good at mathematics.
John belongs to the swimming club.
John represented his class in the swimming match.
John hopes to be independent of his parents.
John wanted to be completely independent of his parents.
John was praised for his good homework.
John is a strong believer in fresh air.
John lives above his means.
John ran to the station so as to catch the last train.
John started the car.
John always breaks the ice in class.
I think John is quite selfish, and a little bit vain. He isn't easy to get on with.
John came to terms with his problem, which means he has accepted it.
John makes fun of his dog.
John tends to get angry when he doesn't have his own way.
John has confidence in his ability.
John worked his company with success.
John can't keep his family.
John began trade personally.
John doesn't know what to do next.
On hearing himself praised, John was deeply embarrassed.
John sometime goes overboard in drinking.
John passed the examination.
John made believe that he passed the exam.
John is my junior by two years.
John hit me on the head.
John is as old as my brother.
John is my younger brother.
John is my best friend.
John is a good friend of mine.
John ignored my advice.
John is my nephew.
John is not my brother, but my cousin.
John called me names.
John is as old as I.
John said he'd like to marry me, and I'm as happy as can be.
John used to stand by me whenever I was in trouble.
John is the cleverest of us all.
After John became manager, he told me he would never have expected to reach such a high position.
John has been collecting stamps since he was a child.
John did not know how to explain to his wife that he had quit his job.
John stayed in bed all day instead of going to work.
John was tired from working overtime.
John was absent from school yesterday.
John is not the man that he was three years ago.
John came to Japan yesterday.
John left for France yesterday.
John skied up the slope.
John is a good husband to his wife.
John had a violent quarrel with his wife.
John has put on a lot of weight recently.
John isn't well enough to go to school today.
John sat looking out of the window.
John cannot be living in London now.
What is John doing now?
John is at his peak now.
John should be here any minute now.
I'd like to speak to John.
Said John, and he was right.
John stayed at home as he was told.
John finished the work at the expense of his health.
John is brave in appearance, but is in reality a coward.
John writes a letter to his parents once a month.
John passed among the crowd.
John is envious of your new car.
These days John drinks too much.
John is easy to please.
John is head and shoulders above any of his classmates in French.
John did even better than was expected.
John kept his head above water.
John covers the Kanto area and Taro covers the Kansai area.
John is likely to make a mistake.
John is having a good time.
John studied hard at school, while at home he helped his mother with her work.
John turned his back on the company and started on his own.
John puts his career before his family.
John wanted to be completely independent of his family.
John is walking in the direction of the station.
John knows English history from A to Z.
Has John returned to America for good?
John is above telling a lie.
John had to get along on a shoestring.
John is waiting for Lucy, but the train has already left.
Has John decided on a career yet?
John is going to tell Lucy about the origin of rugby.
John is much taller than Mary.
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping.
John gave Mary some money.
John asked Mary whether she would like to go shopping in the afternoon.
John accompanied Mary to the concert.
John has not come yet, but when he does, I will call you.
First John put on his coat, and then he picked up his hat.
John is mad about pop music.
John took a key out of his pocket.
John acts like Helen's guardian.
John made Beth his wife.
John can really talk a blue streak about Peru.
John comes from Florida and his wife from California.
John can't speak French well.
John is waiting for Mary on the platform.
John drank many bottles of wine.
John is cleverer than Bill.
John took advantage of Bill's weakness.
John is not as old as Bill; he is much younger.
John was in such a hurry that he had no time for talking.
John is familiar with the business.
John picked a quarrel with college kids near him at the bar.
John lives in New York.
John caught a tiger and shot two lions.
Jon is far more attractive than Tom.
John is wrestling with Tom.
John is very tall. He stands about seven feet.
John spoke in such a loud voice that I could hear him upstairs.
Where does John live?
I wonder why John is always late for school.
John sent me a letter written in German.
John kept the door open.
John burst into laughter when he was watching TV.
When John goes on a date, he's known to be a big spender.
John played cat and mouse with Dick.
John is good at chess.
John likes chess.
Probably John will pass the examination.
John can't do it, nor can I, nor can you.
John likes lying at ease on the sofa.
John tried in vain to solve the problem.
John ordered the book from the publisher in the United States.
She said that John must be very glad to hear the news.
John will not answer the question.
I don't think John is suited for the job.
John stared at the picture.
John laid claim to the painting.
John can't bear the noise.
John is sure to succeed his father in the company.
John felt the presence of a ghost in the dark room.
John had put his sweater on inside out.
John has already come to the station.
John sang "Imagine" on the stage.
What did John sing on the stage?
John drinks Scotch and Mary bourbon.
John sits by Jack.
John was married to Jane.
John went away without so much as saying good-by.
John is interested in golf.
John has the complete collection of Sam's music.
John has no friends here.
John is free from worry these days.
John drinks too much these days. We have to stop him from drinking any more.
John is sure to win the game.
John can not play the guitar.
John played guitar and his friends sang.
John can't play the guitar.
John talked with his customer on the phone.
John is professor of French literature at Oxford and his wife is French.
John is as lean as a wolf.
John always tried to live up to the example of Lincoln.
John had awoken much earlier than usual.
John was making mistakes all the time.
John will make a good husband and father.
John is a good student.
John was too surprised to say anything.
John is an American boy.
John is not a man to betray you.
John had been lazy before he met you.
John is eighty years old but still fit.
John will be here in five minutes.
John is not the man he was three years ago.
John employs 200 workers.
I have known John since 1976.
John must work hard to catch up with his classmates.
John called for the waiter in a loud voice.
John investigated the accident thoroughly.
John is senior to me by two years.
John became a policeman.
John stood still with his eyes fixed on something strange.
John is senior to Robert.
John claimed that the dishonest salesman had tricked him into buying a useless piece of machinery.
John is seeing to the arrangements for the meeting.
John is the taller of the two, and the tallest of them all.
John, the tallest boy in our class, is nicknamed "Mr High".
John, who is the youngest in a family of seven, is the apple of his parents' eyes.
When John's neighbor saw John selling drugs, she blew the whistle on him.
John's parents seemed relieved to hear that his plane was on time.
John's parents seemed relieved to hear that he was safe.
John is the taller of the two.
John's mother looks so young that she is often mistaken for his elder sister.
John's father has some knowledge of French.
John's business has turned out to be a complete failure.
According to John, the bank closes at 3 p.m.
John's face was drawn.
Such an honest man as John cannot have told a lie.
John was mentioned in the paper.
Do you know John's father died of a heart attack?
I am going to have John repair my watch.
John's grandmother passed away after a long illness.
Did you hear what happened to John?
John has two sons.
There is enough money for John to buy a car.
John shall have a holiday one of these days.
Please remind me to call John at nine.
The girl talking with John is Susan.
The student who is talking with John is from Canada.
In interviewing John for the job, we must take into account that he has very bad eyesight.
John and I alternated in driving.
John and I are old friends.
Talking of John, what has become of his sister?
John and Mary broke up last week.
John and Mary differed in opinion as to that important matter.
John and Mary loved each other.
John and Mary always walk hand in hand.
John and Mary have known each other since 1976.
John and Beth are of an age.
John and I have patched up our troubles.
No one came to the party except John and Dick.
There is a rumor that John and Sue will get married.
John and Cathy have different tastes and different characters. Trying to get them together is like putting a square peg in a round hole.
Is John available now?
John and Ann like each other.
John Tel is expected to delay the release of its chip set until August.
John alone went there.
May I introduce you to Dr. Johnson?
May I present Mr Johnson to you?
Mr Johnson is a lawyer. He will be having three clients this afternoon.
Mr Johnson suddenly changed his mind and signed the contract.
Mr Johnson is self-employed and deals in repairing furniture.
Mr Johnson's was a large room.
Mr Johnson insists on his theory.
Mr Johnson is not a scholar but a poet.
Mr Johnson ran fastest of the three.
Mr Johnson's house is next to my house.
The Johnsons are very sociable people, who enjoy hosting parties often.
The Johnsons love to have parties.
It is not that Johnson's claim is groundless, but that it is misleading.
It is clearly shown in Johnson's investigation that passive smoking is very harmful.
Mr Johnson was concerned about the amount of money that was being lost because of careless management.
With the money Mr Johnson had saved, he would be able to live high on the hog when he retired.
Mr Johnson is, as it were, a walking dictionary.
Mr Johnson is a rich man.
Is Mr Johnson in?
There's a rumor Johnson is going to be traded.
Mr Johnson is older than I thought he was.
Lyndon Johnson took over presidency when John Kennedy was assassinated.
Let's go as soon as John comes.
I hope for John to come.
I will leave when John comes.
When John came back, he looked pale as if he had seen a ghost.
John answered for his sister.
It was last week that John bought a car.
John broke the window.
I can't imagine John coming on time.
Either John or I am to blame.
John hates me and it shows.
When John retired, his son took over his business.
It was only yesterday that John told me about his plan to go to Europe.
John came and moved some of the boxes.
John put his foot on the brake and we stopped suddenly.
I heard John speak to Mr Brown.
I can't understand why John turned down a job as good as that.
No one seems to have any idea where John is.
John has been painting the door.
It took John about two weeks to get over his illness.
It took John only one day to make friends with his classmates at the school.
It was in 1980 that John was shot at this spot.
John broke the window yesterday.
If John had of come, I needn't have.
I'd like to speak to John Warner.
John Lennon was born in 1940.
It was in 1980 that John Lennon was shot at this spot.
John Wayne was one of the most popular movie stars of this century.
I swear, John. As of today, I quit smoking.
I'll call on you, John.
Enjoy yourself at the party, John.
Chopin sits at the piano and begins to play.
He goes and sits outside the class but he can't stop laughing.
Little Johnny farts in the classroom.
Little Johnny what are you doing sitting here laughing?
Johnny got leave to go home.
Johnny moved to Spain just a few months ago, so he isn't used to speaking Spanish as yet.
Johnny proposed to Alice and she accepted.
Johnny kept planting apple seeds for 46 years.
Jody looks as if she had seen a ghost.
Is there a bus that goes to the mall?
Could you put it in a shopping bag for me?
The shopping center is a mile further down the road.
Where's the shopping center?
At the car wash next to the shopping mall.
Some people have very fast serves.
I have to blow my nose all the time.
I go skiing very often.
The shock deprived her of speech.
The shock robbed her of speech for a moment.
She was too shocked to speak.
Have you recovered from the shock?
I think jogging is good exercise.
Jogging has become the favorite form of exercise.
I was caught in a shower while I was jogging.
How about taking up jogging?
Try to lose weight by jogging.
Come on, Joe. Just a glass of beer won't hurt.
Joan dropped her husband like a hot potato.
Joan became a great actress in spite of having had a difficult childhood.
Joan is as charming as her sister.
Joan broke her left arm in the accident.
Joan caught her breath when she saw the sight.
Joan and Jane are sisters. The former is a pianist.
Mrs. Jones is often unpleasant to her husband's secretary over the phone.
The Joneses love their daughter.
There is no one who has been loved by the students more than Mr Jones.
Mr Jones reprimanded me for taking a spot of shut-eye during class.
Mr Jones is very sensitive to the nuances of English and American usage.
Mrs. Jones is teaching computer science.
Mr Jones is sick and Mr Brown will teach in his place today.
Mr Jones teaches us English conversation.
When Mr Jones gets old, he will hand over his business to his son.
Mr Jones is tasting the soup his wife made.
Mr Jones believes in hard work and profits.
It is believed that Mr Jones is a good teacher.
It is said that Mr Jones is a good teacher.
A farewell meeting was held in honor of Mr Jones.
Professor Jones retires next year.
The Joneses pay their servant by the week.
Jones is well qualified for the job.
Mrs. Jones ordered the room to be swept by noon.
Is Mr Jones in the office?
Jones was born in the United States.
Mr Jones was looked upon as a great scholar.
Mr Jones made Mary go to the dentist.
Miss Jones made a face when she heard the news.
Mrs. Jones counts sheep every night to go to sleep.
Mr Jones hasn't been here as far as I know.
Mr Jones, whose wife teaches English, is himself a professor of English.
A Mr Jones has come to see you.
A Mr Jones is waiting for you outside.
Joe purged himself of the suspicion.
Joe insisted on my paying the money.
Was Joe with you yesterday evening?
Joe looked sad yesterday?
How soon does the show begin?
Joe excels his older brother at swimming.
Joe was not on speaking terms with his noisy neighbor.
Joe spends the majority of his time in sports.
Joe was pleased at the thought of going to New York.
Joe's nuts about the girl.
Joe was believed to have shot the prisoner.
The show was wonderful, but the tickets were too expensive.
When will the show begin?
Admission to the show is $5.
Joe's masculine smell made Louisa sick.
The man whose work it is to amuse people who attend a show is an entertainer.
It was Mr White that gave Joe this ticket.
Joe and I saw a lion yesterday.
Short skirts have already gone out.
Mr Jordan sat down beside him.
Mr Jordan woke up suddenly.
Mr Jordan was a little surprised.
Mr Jordan is chairperson.
"Weren't you there?" asked Mr Jordan.
That Jordan replaced the main engine in this experiment is self-evident.
Mr George is liked by all the students.
Uncle George never visited us without some present.
George Washington was the first President of the United States of America.
Mr George Bush is the forty-first president of the United States.
George calculated the cost of the trip.
George did business in the same manner as his father.
George is not serious about his study.
George did business in the same manner as his father did.
George is poor, but he's always happy.
George hit him in the stomach.
George works on a big farm.
George had a lot of cheese for breakfast.
George is very honest by nature.
George does not mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
George set up as a merchant.
George was broken-hearted.
George failed in business.
George is five years senior to me.
George married my sister.
George accompanied me home.
George sent me a birthday card.
George is the captain of our team.
George is the most diligent boy in our class.
George was tricked into buying the land.
George was livid!
George began to climb all unawares.
George is quite talkative.
George was so tired that his doctor advised him to take better care of himself.
George is reluctant to take on that difficult job.
George put a chain on the dog.
George encouraged Ellie to study hard again.
George seems a good boy.
George doesn't mix much; he likes to keep to himself.
Jorge is able to speak four languages.
George felt the train begin to move.
George was describing a 30 pound bass he'd caught recently after fighting it for three hours.
George weighs not less than 70 kilograms.
George's sister made me some sandwiches.
George has an incredibly large Adam's apple.
George has two cousins; one lives in Germany and the other in Switzerland.
A man named George was staying at a hotel.
That George will come is certain.
I don't know if George is coming.
Do you know where George bought his tennis racket?
I'm not sure if George will take to this idea.
Georgia is his native state.
George III has been unfairly maligned by historians.
George Washington was born in 1732.
George Johnson is in really fine form.
Son, I have to talk with you. Look at your mother, George.
Just come to see me any time you feel like it, George.
George, if you are not listening to the radio, turn it off.
You should consult a doctor at once, George.
There are some who don't see a joke.
The dress in the window caught my eye.
Grow up, Joe.
Excuse me, Joe, can I use your phone?
Mr Joel is now on duty.
It is not easy to speak English well.
It's not Joan. You are wrong.
Junko still depends on her parents for her living expenses.
When she saw the gorgeous coat, Julie decided to buy it.
Julie gains 20 pounds every month from her eating binge.
Julie received a Christmas card from her brother in Italy.
It floored me that Julie was coming for a visit tomorrow.
Don't waste money on clothes, Julie. Save money!
Julia felt like crying when she heard the news.
Julia's native language is Italian.
Is Mr Schmidt at home now?
Schweitzer was a musician as well as a doctor.
Tom picked up some pretty shells on the beach.
Judy will talk about Japan tomorrow.
Judy decided to wear her new bikini.
Judy smiled at me.
Judy laughed at me.
Judy was born on the morning of September 5.
Judy is a most clever student.
Judy is fond of dancing.
Judy isn't a good singer, is she?
Judy is smart.
Judy dances very well.
Please give my best regards to Judy.
Who runs faster, Judy or Tony?
I'd like to speak to Judy.
Judy spent hours on end writing and rewriting her essay.
Judy sent her children to bed.
Judy spends a lot of time looking in the mirror.
Judy is the only woman on the board.
Judy is kind to everyone.
Judy likes him.
I'm looking for something to clean the carpet with.
The rugs are a good match for the curtains.
The color of the carpet is in harmony with the wall.
Some juice, please.
Don't drop cigarette ash on the carpet.
I want a dozen cream puffs.
Maybe just a short one.
Schweitzer is a man to imitate.
Good. Now go down with it.
Then what?
No pro golfer in Japan is as popular as Jumbo Ozaki.
The jumbo jet touched down thundering.
I'll take a glass of champagne.
A shampoo and a set, please.
We used up the shampoo.
The champagne cork popped out.
The champagne bubbled in the glass.
What are those cards, Jan?
I'd like a single with a shower, please.
May I take a shower?
I felt refreshed after showering.
There's no water coming out of the shower.
I'll take a shower.
Do you have any rooms with a shower and toilet?
I can't turn the shower off. Could you check it for me?
This shower is broken.
Sharon must be a go-getter.
Take the jam down from the top shelf.
Is this the only difficulty in the way?
Please remove that chair because it is in the way.
I'm sorry to have disturbed you.
The bubble burst in the air.
Unable to speak, he wrote it on a piece of paper.
Quit talking, will you?
I'm able to speak, and only speak, Japanese.
His hands quivered when he began to speak.
I talked myself hoarse.
Hold your tongue and listen to me.
The Japan Times was carrying the story.
Set a thief to catch a thief.
They call women who make a hobby out of collecting Chanel goods "Chanellers".
Janet was seeking for fame in the world of show business.
Janet sure knows how to stretch a dollar.
Janet bought a skirt and a blouse.
Janet always lets me use her typewriter.
Janet's dress is similar in appearance to her sister's.
Janet and Bill are going to get hitched in June.
Word got around that Jeanette and Dave were having an affair.
It looks like Janet's going to be kicked upstairs.
Janet, tend to the baby, please.
Remove your shirt and lie down.
Please take off your shirt.
Change your shirt. It's very dirty.
I mended my torn shirt, too.
You must change your shirt - it's got wet.
The second button of your shirt is coming off.
What is that greasy stuff on your shirt?
I have to iron my shirt.
Please iron the shirt.
Could you press this button?
You can count on Jack.
I hiccup a lot.
You are welcome, Jack!
Jack decided to cancel the reservations.
Jack bought a present for his friend.
Jack was never to see his sister again.
Jack explained to me how to change the wheel of the car.
Jack was caught for setting fire to the house.
Jack broke his mother's valuable vase, but he didn't do it on purpose, so she wasn't angry.
Jack was pacing up and down in the room, lost in thought.
Jack resembles his father.
It seems that Jack is sick.
Jack was looking well although tired.
Scarcely had Jack seen her, he burst out crying.
It is hard to convince Jack.
Jack reached out for the magazine on the shelf.
Jack tried to evade paying his taxes.
Jack is wise beyond all others.
Jack is an early riser.
Jack resigned from his job in despair.
Jack made no mistakes in the math test.
Jack collects stamps.
Jack has no object in life.
Jack was laughed at by all the boys.
Jack has a cat under his arm.
Jack is very severe with his children.
Jack exchanged the cow for the seeds.
Jack is one of my friends.
Jack is three years senior to me.
Jack played a dirty trick on me.
Jack is busy cooking for us.
Jack made a lot of mistakes in his composition.
Jack is bound to succeed this time.
Jack is now either in London or Paris.
Jack said he had never told a lie, but he was lying.
Jack was lost sight of in the crowd.
Jack insisted on having a living room to himself.
Jack may have taken my umbrella by mistake.
Jack is interested in painting.
Everybody laughed at Jack.
Jack is a powerful acquisition for our team.
Jack hid the dish he had broken, but his little sister told on him.
Jack keeps a cat and a parrot at home.
Jack speaks English.
Jack is an evil boy full of evil ideas.
Jack once gave a helping hand to Robert, who was in trouble; and now Robert, in turn, is of great help to Jack.
Jack made me go there against my will.
Jack can speak French.
Jack brushed the dust off his coat.
What about Jack?
Jack will not answer my letters.
All Jack does is sleep.
Jack is Mary's second cousin, I believe.
Jack insists that he has nothing to do with the crime.
Jack seems to regret it deeply.
Jack would often go jogging there.
Jack may speak Spanish, too.
Jack doesn't drive fast.
Jack is the tallest boy in his class.
Jack is the most intelligent boy in the class.
Jack always finds fault with others. That's why everybody avoids him.
Jack was born on August tenth.
Jack has been living in New York for six years.
Jack was tired from having walked fifty miles.
Jack stopped talking all of a sudden when Mary went into the room.
Jack bores me with stories about his trip.
Jack's adventures are more amazing than those of the hero in many thrillers.
Jack's problem is that his wife spends more than he earns.
Jack's car is a recent model.
Who is the pretty girl sitting beside Jack?
Jack can't afford to buy a new bicycle.
How long have you known Jack?
Jack and I agreed to work at the office on Saturdays by turns.
Who was at the party beside Jack and Mary?
Jack and Betty have been going steady for a month.
Jack and Peggy were married by the Rev. John Smith.
Jack, Jill and Alice went up the hill.
Jack Daniel's is a Tennessee whiskey.
We are all poor swimmers with the possible exception of Jack.
Jack isn't here. He may have missed his usual bus.
It was the window that Jack broke yesterday.
It isn't true that Jack is no good at music; on the contrary, he plays the piano well.
It was yesterday that Jake broke this window.
Jack isn't here.
Don't be so wild, Jack.
Jackie's efforts to help homeless people backfired on her.
Two shirts and suits, please. There's a stain here.
Your shirt is inside out.
Jazz is not my speciality.
Jazz uses the same notes that Bach used.
Good day. See you soon.
It looks like Jacob has been bitten by the love bug.
What annoys me is that though I object, she insists on buying it.
Miss Jackson did not appear.
Mr Jackson has recently transferred to Tokyo from Los Angeles.
Have you dug up the potatoes?
I'll boil you the potatoes.
I want some potatoes. Do you have any?
The potato is native to the highlands of Central and South America.
Potatoes were introduced by the Dutch from Jakarta.
When were potatoes introduced into Japan?
Please scrape the skin off the potatoes.
Potatoes were being cooked in the kitchen by the girls.
Ms Jaguar offered Mr Clinton the position because she had faith in his capabilities.
But ... did that tenth child have a different father to the ones before him?
Shylock is greedy, and what is worse, very stingy.
Beat the Giants!
The Giants lost the game by 20 points.
The Giants were well on the way to defeat.
Which do you like better, the Giants or the Dragons?
Let's hit the hay.
Can you order one for me?
All right. Please order it.
Let's build on your plan.
How old is he then?
I always thought that Shirley and Alan would get together.
Could you lend me a few mechanical pencil leads?
See you at the party.
I hope to be a journalist.
His career as a journalist was full of distinguished achievements.
Until then.
Let me tell you something.
Can I have the key now, please?
So you give up, right?
Well, I'll tell you how to spell my name.
Sounds like a pretty good idea, after all.
At least let me help with the table.
I'll meet you at the ball park.
A damp, cold day affects a person's health.
All but Jim came.
Did anybody other than Jim see her?
We tried to persuade Jim to join us.
Jim is coming to the party, too.
Jim is taller than any of his friends.
Jim is a man of his word.
Jim studies far into the night.
Jim awoke and found himself alone in the room.
Jim drove too fast, which was reckless.
Jim is not a lawyer but a doctor.
Jim mastered French and German.
Jim went fishing from the pier.
Jim accompanied her on the piano.
Jim went back to London for the purpose of seeing her.
Jim could hear whom she was phoning.
Jim is crazy about his girlfriend.
Jim was born in the same year as he.
You cannot rely upon Jim's words since he tries to please everybody.
Jim has a white hat on his head.
Jim can read Japanese.
Jim has learned to like Japanese dishes.
Jim has learned to like Japan.
Jim was afraid of physical labor.
Jim answered my question without difficulty.
Jim is about to take a trip to southeast Asia.
Jim slipped on the icy road and got hurt.
Jim was able to hold back his anger.
Jim was able to hold back his anger and avoid a fight.
Jim is watering the garden.
Jim jumped for joy when the news came.
Jim was counted out in the seventh round.
Jim kicks a ball very well.
Jim can be said to be a man of many talents.
Jim climbed out of the boat on to the bank.
Jim suggested that the teacher might be wrong.
Jim wrote to me last week and said he had come back two months before.
Jim went into the room quietly lest he should wake the baby.
Jim got dismissed for his misconduct in office.
Jim says he goes jogging at least three times a week.
Jim seems to know the art of making friends with girls.
Jim went out, but Mary stayed home.
Jim burned the midnight oil when he was preparing for the examination.
Jim set out to write something in his notebook.
Jim put his hand up.
Jim is at work on his car.
Jim is learning how to drive a car.
Jim persists in his opinion.
Jim attributes his success to hard work.
Jim boasts of having passed the exam.
Jim was caught cheating in the examination.
Jim wants whipping for insulting me.
Jim called me a coward.
Jim pointed out some grammatical mistakes in my composition.
Jim is in my black book.
Jim called me a cab.
Jim said that he wouldn't mind waiting for us.
Jim left Paris yesterday.
Jim will not come today.
Jim stayed with us while he was in Japan as an exchange student.
We believed that Jim had made a mistake.
Jim turned the key in the lock.
Jim has broad shoulders.
Jim studies as hard as his brother does.
Jim will accept your proposal.
Jim is not the man that you think him to be.
Jim is liked by all his classmates.
As soon as Jim got home, he made a beeline for the rest room.
Jim is studying hard for his finals.
Jim drove his car, whistling merrily.
Jim had hardly got home when he crept into bed.
Jim really knows his way around the store from his years working there.
Jim is above any of his classmates in English.
Jim's angry because his date for the movie stood him up and he wasted an hour waiting for her in the rain.
Though Jim works very hard, his job does not pay very much.
Jim runs as fast as Ron.
Jim has gone to London.
Jim doesn't like apples, does he?
Jim made a superfluous remark.
Jim works hard, but John is idle.
Jim promised me not to come again.
Jim is not yet used to driving on the left side of the road.
Jim fell in love with Mary the moment he met her.
Jim got a job as a waiter.
Jim hasn't come yet.
Jim hasn't been home yet.
Jim dropped his pen and bent to pick it up.
Jim is about as tall as Bill.
Jim likes to play the drum.
Jim goes to school by bus.
"How does Jim go to school?" "He goes by bus."
Jim was so tired that he lay down and slept.
Where is Jim?
Jim kicked the ball very hard.
Jim likes the doctor.
I've heard Jim rejected the proposal.
Jim must be hospitalized at once.
Jim pulled a muscle in his leg while skiing.
Jim has been trying to take me out to dinner for the last three weeks.
Jim seized Julie by the arm.
Jim had his camera stolen.
Jim is on bad terms with his classmates.
Jim knows most anything about motorcycles.
Jim resembles his father.
Jim didn't wake up until his mother woke him.
Jim has been laid up with flu for three days.
Jim has asked Anne out several times.
It seemed that Jim had missed the seven o'clock train.
Jim ate three apples and said he could eat as many again.
Jim acted very strangely all day.
Jim sat alone with his arms folded.
Jim got down from the tree.
Jim makes a point of jogging three miles every day.
Jim is not what he was.
Jim is Canadian.
Jim wrote the letter for Betty.
Jim is what is called an absent-minded student.
Jim's parents agreed to his marriage with Susan.
Jim's father always comes home late.
Jim's college boasts the finest view in the city.
Jim's uncle is due to retire next year.
I can't go along with Jim's plan.
Don't speak ill of Jim in his absence.
Jim is no more to blame than you are.
Why don't you share your cookies with Jim?
She was glad to have Jim say her name.
The girl talking with Jim is Mary.
Jim and Mike threw the ball back and forth.
Do you know where Jim and Nancy are?
Jim is short for James.
Not only Jim but his parents are sick.
We had been talking about Jim when he entered the room.
Jim stayed at my house.
Either Jim or I have to tell her about it.
Two years have passed since Jim graduated from high school.
I wish Jim would behave himself.
Jim opens the door.
It is certain that Jim stayed at home that day.
How long have you known Jim Robinson?
Jim Waller is a strong candidate for the post of sales manager.
Jim, don't run about in the room.
Shut the window, Jim.
I couldn't scrub the stain out.
Jimmy was accustomed to his friends making fun of him.
Jimmy is easy for me to get along with.
Jimmy often comes to see me on weekends.
Is Jimmy writing a letter?
Jimmy knows everything about cars.
Jimmy insisted on my taking him to the zoo.
Jimmy was hurt in a traffic accident.
Jimmy will often sit up all night.
Jimmy is coughing badly because he has a cold.
Jimmy is to some extent capable of performing this operation.
Jimmy is junior to me by two years.
Jimmy's pictures were different from other people's.
Say hello to Jimmy.
Jimmy was not at home, as is often the case with him.
Jimmy insist on my taking him to the zoo.
It is time you went to bed, Jimmy.
Jimmy, breakfast is ready. Come downstairs.
Oh, no. I broke a string in my racket.
Oh no! I wasn't paying attention and left my cell phone in the restaurant!
The Siberian Railway is at once the longest and best known railway in the world.
The Siberian Tiger is on the verge of the crisis of extermination.
He impatiently asked for repayment.
Don't eat till the numbness wears off.
Let's wait for a while and see how you do.
If you sleep for a while, you will feel much better.
The recovery of Japan's economy, which has been in a recession for some time, is finally under way.
Please hold the line a moment.
You'll have to visit me regularly for a while.
Keep an eye on the baby for a while.
You must keep quiet for a while.
Have you ever got in your car after a long absence and got the brake mixed up with the accelerator?
Keep an eye on the child for me for a moment.
I had been reading a magazine for some time when she came.
Give me some time to think it over.
Let me think for a while.
I was wondering if you'd let me stay with you for a few days.
Shall we take a short rest?
I felt better after I took a rest.
Keep quiet in bed for a while.
Why don't you have a rest for a while?
Please remain seated for a few minutes.
They were both silent for a while.
I don't mind waiting for a while.
Nice to see you again.
After some hesitation, he laid the book on the desk.
After a while, the man came into the room.
Hold still for a moment, please.
After a while, the children settled down.
After a while she began to play the piano again.
They began to walk after a while.
After a while he found out the answer.
After a while he came back with a dictionary under his arm.
It was some time before he realized his mistake.
He began to talk nonsense after a while.
After a while, he came.
After a while, the little black rabbit sat down, and looked very sad.
After a while, it grew dark.
They began to walk again after a while.
After a while, he came to.
Can I ride this horse for a while?
I think I'll stay put in this town for a while.
Hold on for a while, please.
Can I ride this horse for a long time?
Will you stay here for a while?
Would you mind my staying here for some time?
Wait here for a while.
The dew has fallen on the lawn.
More often than not, he had to go in person.
They communicate with each other often by mail.
As often as not, we lay awake all night.
As is often said, it is difficult to adjust yourself to a new environment.
There was a silence.
Could I have three cinnamon donuts?
I heard you have become Branch Manager of Sydney.
Sydney has a beautiful natural harbor.
Sydney is the largest city in Australia.
The air of Sydney is cleaner than that of Tokyo.
I hope to visit Sydney again.
To tell the truth, they are not husband and wife.
I saw a dog and its tail was cut short.
The Ship Island region was as woody and tenantless as ever.
The truth is that he is good by nature.
My zipper stuck halfway up.
Stand still and keep silent.
As she watched, the birds, especially Chizuko's golden crane, looked alive in a light autumn breeze.
After patiently listening to the audience's complaints, the judges changed the results.
Hold still or you'll be shot.
I have a persistent cough.
No one stops to listen to him.
You have to be patient about your recovery.
Study hard.
Hold on tight, otherwise you will fall off.
Go in and win!
With a firm goal in mind, you will do well.
Pull yourself together, now. There's no point in crying.
It matters little what kind of books one reads, so long as one has sound judgement.
The stew was not half bad.
What's going on down there?
Don't excuse what you have done.
Therefore, it is necessary to reduce the cost.
For world peace, therefore, we must develop the consciousness that we are all one people of planet Earth through continual international cultural and economic exchange.
Hence one can say that, of all political ideals, that of making people happy is the most dangerous.
Thus you cannot indulge in the pleasure of spending money freely.
Do whatever you want to do.
Single people enjoy more freedom to do what they want and enjoy living a less restricted social life.
It is difficult to overcome this shortcoming without drastically changing the whole system.
Changing the system is difficult, not to mention the interpersonal relationships.
This unexpected malfunctioning of the system was caused by improper wiring.
Please push the Ctrl+Alt+Del key to log on the system.
There are cases where the system doesn't go.
I will not be able to pick up Shigemi at the kindergarten.
Could you please pick Shigemi up for me at the day-care center?
He is anxious to go with you.
I'll be right back.
He soon became confidential with the man.
It will not be long before the bridge is built.
It's going to rain soon. Look at those black clouds.
It is likely to rain soon.
We made a date to meet soon.
Tom soon adapted himself to school life.
You will recover from your weakness soon.
He took a beautiful shot at a deer.
And yet the large blocks of stone are fitted together so closely that you cannot put in the point of a knife between them.
And among the good there are Serbs and Croats and Muslims, just as there are among the bad.
A frown may express anger or displeasure.
A baby deer can stand as soon as it's born.
Abide by the inevitable.
The current low status of the elderly may be changing, however.
But his eyes were blue and bright.
But the compass isn't in the head of the bee, it's in the body.
But as civilizations grew more complex, better methods of communication were needed.
Barter, however, was a very unsatisfactory system because people's needs seldom matched exactly.
But they never lose their way.
But how can they do this?
But, he didn't keep his promise.
But he can't enjoy hot summers.
But he was lucky.
But he is bad at reading English.
But he was excited too.
But he doesn't know it yet.
But his friends call him Ken.
But few of them are worth reading.
But in spite of the merits of being single, they do want to get married some day.
However, the guarantee is not effective at all outside the fixed form.
But earthquakes are still as frightening as ever.
But the boy stayed away for a long time.
But no man could help me.
But she had not expected to cross an ocean, enter a new and romantic-sounding country, and find herself in exactly the same position.
But they look very green, don't they?
But being bored is also fun in a way.
But showing off the presents could embarrass the guests who did not bring one.
If the other party does not offer personal information, however, it is better to leave it alone.
But light does not travel at the same speed through all materials; it goes slower through some than through others.
That, however, tells you just about as much as you would know about water if you were told that it was wet.
But every man had to give five years of service to the government.
But people have little hope.
But whoever lives by the truth come into the right.
But more often than not, we came back empty-handed.
But I slept right through the class. Don't you ever sleep through an eight-thirty class?
But I wasn't afraid.
Even today, however, women struggle against discrimination.
But today smoking in public places is forbidden or strictly restricted.
Nowadays, however, calculators can be used freely in school examinations, and already in many schools the only sound to be heard during a math exam is the sound of children tapping on their calculators.
But today, a lot of young people are following her example.
However, I can't help noticing, at this moment, that at first glance it seems inevitable that the shark will devour the man.
But now things have changed tremendously.
But you're not there.
But you don't want to bend the knees too much.
But, to his credit, he didn't say anything against her.
But we carried on without him.
We believe, however, that over a period of time, we will be able to make remittance in full settlement.
However, Lucy is about to leave her home.
But Pepperberg says working with the parrot has already changed the way of looking at animals.
However, his girlfriend is selfish and hardly worries about Brian.
One evening, however, when Miss Baker got back to the college a few minutes before the time by which all students had to be in, she found another car in her parking space.
However, the amount of wind available varies with the location and the season of the year.
However, the quantity was not correct.
His words, however, were not believed at all.
Yet Japan is still not sufficiently understood by other countries, and the Japanese, likewise, find foreigners difficult to understand.
What I most noticed about my Japanese high school, however, was the great respect shown by students toward their teachers.
However, only the human community has verbal languages as a means of communication.
Real change for most black people, however, was very slow in coming.
Why people fall into these categories, however, is a mystery.
There was, however, a need for food to be carried from the bowl to the mouth, and chopsticks came along to meet that need.
However, the color was different from the sample color in your catalog.
I cannot, however, agree to your opinion.
However, it is too expensive.
However, some people in the audience were not pleased with the results.
However, Beth seems to be indifferent to Chris's grief.
The interpretation of this data, however, is very much in dispute.
This problem, however, should be considered more carefully.
The strike had not been peaceful, however, and Rev. Martin Luther King, Jr. begged both sides to be patient and calm.
We concluded, however that the price of 5,000,000 yen was too high.
But you know, there's no telling about that other world.
But in the end he put the book on the fire.
But it looked comfortable.
But the answers were all wrong.
But in return they get a clear look at important games, and if they miss something, they can always rely on the commentator's description or the instant replay.
But then, full of guilt, I sat down at my desk one evening.
But Susan promised that she would call.
However, this has not always been true.
But this is an issue to which we return later.
However, please put this book away first.
But where is this compass?
That proved to be no more than an expression of optimism when World War II began.
But you do. Please help me.
However, I recommend that you take the JR Narita Express (a train leaves every 30-60 minutes from the airport), to avoid the complexity of changing trains.
But poor people did not go to concerts.
But after she does that with the first glass, what is she going to do with the second one?
However, he was hurt when she quickly disposed of the present.
But they will come here tomorrow.
But he plays soccer with his friend.
But he knew he had no choice.
He might, however, have seen a wooden peg of a different size or color.
But he did not often smile.
But his friends got together to help him.
I cannot, however, neglect his warning.
But we do know many things about his character, thanks to letters and notebooks he left behind and other people's stories about him.
But the farmer was kind to him and taught him a lot.
But the farmer smiled at him.
But there are always some cheap standing tickets for the finals that you can buy on the day.
However, we can be people of the earth.
But no one's lifted a finger.
But it was not successful for long because everyone, even religious people, had a strong attraction to the game.
But, most smokers try to avoid thinking about these things.
But in many ways, the bird called Alex is unusual, for it has shown the kind of mental abilities that scientists once thought only humans had.
But all in all, things have gone well.
But everyone else is still.
But human beings are different.
But not really.
But I want a car.
But this is not true.
But a collection of facts is not science any more than a dictionary is poetry.
However, I'm not good at speaking English.
But I'm not sure whether it brings happiness to everybody.
But my mother always answered.
But we can't understand him.
But the first thing we say is "hello."
But she liked children and she enjoyed her work.
But he needed a job.
But my older sister is good at swimming.
However, a new type of humor, which stems largely from America, has recently come into fashion.
But now I live in Tokyo.
Only through protest can a free and open society be maintained.
In the case of language, however, it is only the ability to talk and understand that we inherit genetically; the particular language or languages that we speak are passed on to us not by genetic transmission but by cultural transmission.
Yet giving up is not impossible.
But if we were wholly rational, would we want children at all?
But Tuesday mornings were different, because Tuesday was music day.
However, they can help him breathe with a machine.
However, I have no money.
But the robot made trouble.
However, if he is brain-dead, he will never think, speak, or hear again.
But you know it's all in Japanese.
But soon he would not be able to walk, write, or even eat by himself.
But he was always happy to leave again.
Most studies, however, have not focused on the influence Emmet's theory had on computer graphics.
But the Nobel Committee said that poverty was a threat to world peace, and Mother Teresa worked against poverty.
But Tony was not a clever boy.
But how that comes about I am at a loss to explain.
But he wanted a son very much.
But the benefits are significant at all ages.
But very very difficult.
But the rise in prices is a consequence of that policy.
But then he fell in love with Jane Wilde, a student studying languages in London.
But, then again, Latin was already a "dead language" by that time.
But, that thing is said to no one.
Not only career-minded women have desire to work.
But when the monkey came back, the tin cup was always empty.
But this is the story of an old man who wants to die.
But there had been no indications Gorbachev was having any sort of health problems, and it is not exactly clear what's happened to him now.
But the boys spent all their holidays on Mr Wood's farm.
But this claim is emphatically not the one that Dennett is making.
But this did not stop him from using his mind and presenting his ideas at physics meetings around the world.
But the reason I came baptizing with water was that he might be revealed to Israel.
But the Evans were clean and they had enough to eat.
But the temple he had spoken of was his body.
But Jesus would not entrust himself to them.
However, like America, Japan is predominantly a middle-class, middle-income country, and so wives do not employ maids, but attend to everything themselves.
However, in America, sports teams are generally chosen by skill, and academic courses by ability.
But still you people do not accept our testimony.
But among you stands one you do not know.
Can I reserve a flight to Chicago?
We flew from New York to St. Louis by way of Chicago.
I want a round-trip ticket to Chicago.
Chicago is the principal city of the Middle West.
It was raining around Chicago.
I'll call you as soon as I get to Chicago.
Her decision to move to Chicago surprised us.
I'd like to place a person-to-person call to Chicago.
Can I stop over in Chicago?
I stayed in Chicago over two months.
Snow is apt to fall in Chicago in late November.
The plane from Chicago arrived at the airport late at night.
John cannot keep his family.
A gentleman is a man of independent means.
I left Jeremy poring over his notes for his first accountancy exam tomorrow.
Yes, I'll have sherry.
Jerry is the bean counter for our company.
Did Jerry really win a lottery?
Shelly's really filled out since the last time I saw her.
Jeff thinks he will never fall in love.
Jeffrey is called Jeff by his friends.
Jeff seems to know where she is.
Jeff had to pound the pavement for three months before he found a job.
Jeff lost yesterday's match, but I'm sure he is a promising tennis player.
Jeff wore the tie which Kim had given him for a birthday present.
Jeff and Mia are making a last ditch effort to avoid a divorce.
Jennifer has a good eye for beauty.
It doesn't taste all that great for all the effort and technique the chef put into it.
Jenny could not ignore her parents' desire for her safety.
Jenny thanked me for the gift.
If you hear from Jenny, could you tell her I would like to see her?
The jet roared during takeoff.
The jet landed at Tokyo.
The jet plane flew away in an instant.
The jet plane landed following the instructions of the control tower.
Jet planes fly much faster than propeller planes.
I don't know how she puts up with the noise of a jet plane.
A jet airliner does not admit of careless handling.
The jets took off one after another.
Gestures are not used by them.
Jessie is boiling water to make coffee.
Jane wrote the letter herself.
It is exciting to welcome Jane.
Jane plays tennis too.
Jane asked me if I would like to cook.
Jane is to teach our students from next week.
Jane is to be married next month.
Jane affirmed that she was telling the truth.
When Jane played horse with her father, she held on to him tightly.
Jane is sick in bed.
Jane took her dog for a walk.
Jane laughed away the sorrow.
Jane is out shopping.
Jane had a yellow ribbon in her hair.
Jane was waiting with her back against the tree.
Jane is mature beyond her years.
Jane prefers dogs to cats.
Jane is familiar with the Japanese language.
Jane has made great progress in Japanese.
Jane can sing some Japanese songs.
Jane skipped the questions she couldn't answer.
Jane was boiling.
Jane made an angry gesture.
Jane kept silent for a long time.
Jane was dressed as a man.
Jane is talking with somebody.
Jane is in serious trouble.
Jane is fat and rude, and smokes too much. However, Ken thinks she's lovely and charming. That's why they say love is blind.
Jane keeps early hours.
Though Jane is not a good runner, she can swim very fast.
Jane liked to make believe she was a teacher.
Jane lent me this book of hers last week.
Jane couldn't explain the beauty of snow.
Jane could not stop herself from crying aloud.
Jane is interested in flower arrangement.
Jane grew up to be a fine lady.
Jane filled out an application.
Jane went out of her way to be nice to the new girl.
Jane makes the utmost effort to win.
Jane has been doing her assignment.
Jane has been acting in films since she was eleven.
Jane was a stewardess when she was young.
Jane is the president's secretary.
Jane is very content with her job and has no desire to quit it.
Jane insisted that she was right.
Jane felt unable to cope with driving in heavy traffic after her accident.
Jane threw a glance at us.
Jane begged to see my new house.
Jane is as old as I am.
Jane gave me the same present as Wendy did.
Jane kicked at our decision.
Jane is absent from school today.
Jane is as beautiful a girl as her sister.
Jane may not be at home now.
I wonder when Jane will come next time.
Jane looks happy.
Jane is not capable of learning from experience.
Jane didn't buy it after all.
Jane may be playing tennis with my brother.
Jane understands your way of thinking.
Jane studied herself in the mirror.
Jane doesn't know as much about Nara as she does about Kyoto.
Jane used to be one of my best friends at school but we've drifted apart over the past few years.
Will Jane sing?
Jane said that it was time to go home.
What did Jean make?
Jean ate the osechi cooking his wife cooked for herself.
Jane is not able to swim.
Has Jane left Japan for good?
Jane had her hair cut short before the athletic meet.
Jane ran after the deer as fast as possible.
Jane has read "Snow Country" before.
Jane knew a lot about sumo, as if she had seen it before.
Jane was on top of the world when she got a record contract.
If Jane does not rest more, she may have a nervous breakdown.
Jane swims better than Yumi.
Jane won't come to meet me any more.
Jane is not so tall as Mary.
Jane was about to leave the house.
Jane has it in for Bob because he didn't help her.
Jane is loved by Peter.
Jane has five handbags.
Jane spent a very flat weekend.
Jane looks very happy.
Jane is very pretty and kind.
Jane looks very pale.
Jane sometimes runs to school.
Jane didn't play tennis, did she?
Jane could not believe it when her date polished off an entire chocolate cake.
Jane must stop giving way to her desire for chocolate.
Jane is a most charming girl.
Jane is not such a bad sort.
Jane will be excited to see the flowers.
Jane wanted an ice cream cone.
Jane appears to be enjoying the party.
Jane got too nervous when her turn came, and she blew her lines.
Jane saw the students acting well on the stage.
Jane can play the violin, not to mention the guitar.
Jane is as clever as any girl in her class.
Jane will never forget this past year. Neither will we.
Jane was fuming.
Jane swims like a brick.
Jane grew taller than her mother.
Don't you think Jane takes after her father?
Jane went to the bank to take out some money.
Jane was billed to appear as Ophelia.
Jane will get straight A's.
Jane comes from Australia.
Jane always made out that she was very rich.
Jane was quite at a loss when and where to go.
Jane wishes she could see sumo in England.
Jane experienced many things in a year. So did I.
Jane wore the same ribbon as her mother did.
Jane calls a spade a spade.
Jane is no less beautiful than her mother.
I could hardly follow what Jane said in her speech.
Jane's dream was to find herself a sugar daddy.
Jane is more attractive than Susan.
It was a week before Jane got over her cold.
I am looking at the pictures of Jane.
Jane didn't die a natural death.
What Jane said made the atmosphere less tense.
This racket of Jane's is a little heavier than the one which I bought yesterday.
This necklace of Jane's is a gift from her grandmother.
Jane's farewell speech made us very sad.
Jane has a lot of clothes to wash.
Jane has a Japanese friend who speaks English well.
Jane no longer needed an explanation of Mt. Fuji.
She can't ski any more than Jane can.
Can you tell Jane from her twin sister?
Jane and I play the piano very well.
Jane and Mary are always competing for attention.
Jane Smith works very hard at her office.
It took Jane twenty hours to fly to Japan.
If Jane had not come to our home by car, I would have served her amazake.
Jane came to our town three years ago.
Jane had hardly entered the room when the students gathered around her.
Why did Jane go to the station?
It was too difficult for Jane to go to school alone.
Jane cannot have said such a thing.
You come here, Jane, and you go over there, Jim.
What's the matter, Jane? You look like you aren't feeling well.
We elected James chairman.
James was caught in a shower.
James Gould found them in bees too.
I had a call from James out of the blue.
Shakespeare created many famous characters.
Shakespeare is one of the greatest poets.
Shakespeare wrote both tragedy and comedy.
Shakespeare knew only a little Latin, but he put the little he knew to very good use.
Shakespeare compared the world to a stage.
In Shakespeare's time, in the sixteenth century, tennis was very popular at the English court.
Shakespeare is too hard to read.
No dramatist can compare with Shakespeare.
Talking of Shakespeare, have you ever read his work?
Jane brushed the tears from her eyes.
Jane seems to have a new boyfriend.
Jane married young.
Jane offered to take care of our children when we were out.
I haven't heard from Jane since she moved to Tokyo.
James Bond was always depicted as a high roller in his movies.
Jay picked up the old scissors.
Shakespeare is recognized to be the greatest dramatist.
I believe Shakespeare is the greatest dramatist that ever lived.
Shakespeare is the greatest poet that England has ever produced.
Shakespeare is a great poet.
Shakespeare was a contemporary of Marlowe.
Shakespeare is the author of Hamlet.
Shakespeare is as great a dramatist as ever lived.
Shakespeare is the name of a writer.
Shakespeare, whose plays are world-famous, lived some four hundred years ago.
Shakespeare is the greatest poet that England has produced.
The plays of Shakespeare fall into four periods.
Shakespeare's "Macbeth" is a tragedy.
Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery.
Jean has fallen out with Paul over the education of their children.
Jean is something less than an expert pianist.
Jean and Kate are twins.
It is easy to work in jeans.
Jeans go with everything.
Is it OK if I go in jeans?
The jeans looked none the cleaner for having been washed.
The coelacanth inhabits the deep sea.
We are sold out of jeans.
I got a hole in my jeans.
Move the knob at the side of the seat forwards, collapse the seat.
Please adjust the seat to fit you.
Fasten your seat belt, please.
Please fasten your seat belt and observe the "no smoking" sign until it is turned off.
Please fasten your seat belt.
Fasten your seat belt.
Please fasten your seat belts and prepare for departure.
Hotels are cheaper in the off season.
Remain in your seats with your seat belts fastened.
Caesar leaves Gaul, crosses the Rubicon, and enters Italy.
The Secret Service has to answer for the safety of the president.
I'll give you Dr. Shiegal's telephone number.
I want to go to Seattle.
The samples were collected from two hundred medical institutions all over the world.
If you would like to have a sample, please let us know.
To San Francisco, please.
Welcome to San Francisco.
San Francisco is a city of great beauty.
San Francisco is on the West Coast of the U.S.
What time is it now in San Francisco?
San Francisco is only one-tenth as populous as New York.
What time do we get to San Francisco?
What a beautiful city San Francisco is!
It's an African country, so you may think the climate is very hot.
I'm from Zambia.
Sandra eats all Japanese food except natto.
Sandra takes a slice of bread and a cup of coffee for breakfast.
Sandra has grown up to be a beautiful woman.
Sandra offered me her seat on the train.
Sandra spent twice as much as I did.
I do not want any sandwiches.
How long would a sandwich take?
Which are heavier, sandwiches or onigiris?
Two tickets to San Diego, please.
I don't believe that Santa Claus is imaginary.
He never says thanks in spite of all that I've done for him.
I give a good scolding.
Sunglasses protect our eyes from the sun.
The monkey came down.
Cool fall is here.
Monkey see, monkey do.
A monkey is mature at a few years old.
We saw a troop of monkeys moving from tree to tree.
Sally didn't exactly agree with Bill, but she supported him.
Sally gave him a Christmas present.
Sally recalled the days when her grandma was strong and healthy.
Sally made her brother clean the bathroom.
Sally lost the contact lenses she had bought the day before.
Sally has been on a diet since last month.
Sally and I work in the same office.
Sally gave me a good piece of information.
Sally continued to make excuses and blamed the dog.
Sally was very sad about not going home for the holidays.
Sally met Harry at the station.
Sally missed two weeks of school, so she has to work hard to catch up with her class.
Beth argued that Sally was only pretending to be innocent.
Sally earns her living by giving piano lessons.
Sally called on Mr Taylor.
Sally admitted that she borrowed the scarf but said she was not guilty.
Sally was constantly changing her hairstyle.
Sally exchanged a twenty-dollar bill for five-dollar bills.
Sally's classmates are always making a fool of her.
Sally Palmer is not a woman to be trifled with.
Please take the dishes away.
White-collar workers face many difficulties.
Sarah was at a low ebb for several weeks after her mother died.
Sarah demanded that she be given a refund.
Sarah gets very bored listening to her grandparents rambling on about old times.
To make matters worse, he isn't even conscious of annoying his neighbors.
For further information, see page 16.
Another ten years went by quickly.
Do you have any further questions?
For further inquiries, please feel free to contact us toll-free at 0120-00-0000.
As more time passed, these Creoles became separate languages: Spanish, French, Italian, etc.
Three more passengers got on the bus.
To make matters worse, it began to rain.
To make matters worse, there were signs of a fearful storm.
Further study will prove that the theory is right.
To make matters worse, it began to snow.
To make matters worse, he fell ill.
To make matters worse, he began to drink sake.
To make matters worse, his wife fell ill.
To make matters worse, it began snowing.
To make matters worse, his mother became ill.
To make matters worse, it began to thunder fiercely.
Again, there is another side to the story.
Still others simply travel around America in recreational vehicles, seeing parts of the country they had been too busy to see before.
Still others are traders who have always lived by trading and continue to follow their traditional ways.
And in the Indian Ocean, some islands of the Maldives will disappear completely beneath the water.
What is still better is that the house has a beautiful garden.
About two miles farther on, the road bent to the right.
Another ten minutes' walk brought us to the shore.
In addition, there have been changes in husband-wife relationships.
The best efforts of the human race, in addition, were necessary to assist the gods in their cosmic task.
Where a painting's general sense seems clear, moreover, the exact decoding of its content remains in doubt.
In addition many groups have been formed so that the elderly can socialize with one another and remain active participants in American life.
Help yourself to the salad.
Would you like some salad?
Please help yourself to the salad.
I want Italian dressing on my salad.
There's no salad oil left.
I must say good-bye to you.
She just said good-bye and hung up the phone.
Good-bye, take it easy.
Don't go off without saying good-by.
I'll be seeing you.
Goodbye till tomorrow.
So long, have a good time.
Goodbye, Sayoko.
He studied hard; otherwise he would have failed again.
Otherwise he would not have won the first prize.
Otherwise you won't get there before dark.
Sharks are sensitive to electrical impulses as well as sound.
The skin of a shark is much rougher than that of a tuna fish.
A shark snapped the man's leg off.
Sam got a raw deal when he was laid off just before his job would have become permanent.
Sam helps whoever asks him to.
Sam is familiar with things Japanese.
Sam is earnest about his work.
Sam is serious about his work.
Sam has promised to pay the money at the end of the month.
Sam owns a fishmonger's business.
Sam made the school basketball team.
Sam went skiing in January.
Sam is two years younger than Tom.
Sam couldn't figure out how to use the machine.
Sam has already done his homework.
Sam keeps waiting for his ship to come in.
Sam is a philosopher, isn't he?
Sam joined the army when he was eighteen.
I tried to persuade Sam to give up his plan, only to fail.
Sam doesn't have the stamina to finish a marathon.
Sam owes what he is today to his father.
It was strictly a family affair for Sam Jones.
Tom, don't you leave me.
Sam, what are you doing?
Sam, don't!
Sam, this is gonna take you hours.
The summit nations put free trade at the top of the agenda.
After the summit, President Mitterand said that he dissociated himself from the statement.
It is in this room that the summit will be held.
I'm drowning in sadness falling far behind.
To John, Sammy was an ideal singer.
Sammy Davis was an excellent singer.
He overcame all sorts of hardship and setbacks to succeed in a solo crossing of Antarctica.
Many forms of life are disappearing.
Oil is necessary to run various machines.
That serves you right.
At the summer camp, she was in charge of the group I belonged to.
Take a look at the FAQ before you call tech support.
If you are going to the safari park, take the No.5 bus.
Better wear out than rust out.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
As rust eats iron, so care eats the heart.
The Sahara is the largest desert in the world.
The Sahara is a vast desert.
Well, let's get down to business.
Now let's return to the main problem of education.
We now turn to a different problem.
Let's go on to the next subject.
Now, you ask me if I've flown a major airline.
So you are back again.
Now, look at the picture, every one.
Now everything is fixed.
Now, said Mr Wood.
Now here is a story about a Japanese girl named Haru-chan.
Now, before I say any more, listen to this;
Now let us get down to a serious talk.
Now, I would like you to imagine a map of Great Britain.
Well, let's have lunch.
Where do you want to go for our first lesson?
Now stop asking questions, Pip. I'm busy.
But now to our next topic.
Now I'll introduce my parents to you.
Well, let's start our work.
Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus.
Well, I'm afraid I must be leaving. I had a nice time.
Now, I put this card into the hat. See?
Now, think about England and Wales, and imagine them divided into smaller parts.
Now you must answer some big questions.
Now, what is your opinion?
Don't let the cops find a heater on you.
At a rough estimate, I would say the job will take two weeks.
She grabbed a shower.
I will set about my task at once.
Dig in your homework now.
Do your homework without delay.
We'd better get a move on.
Slip on your shoes.
Let's complete this picture quickly.
You should be frank, and they will treat you as a friend.
The telephone was just ringing, wasn't it?
Mary was looking for you at that time.
It's hard to believe it was so clear and sunny up to just now.
You kept nodding off during that lecture, didn't you?
That move was a big mistake.
I'm getting tired of driving on this winding road.
That person has had an odd grin on his face for a while. What do you suppose is behind it?
As a soccer player he is second to none.
Let's play soccer.
It is interesting to play soccer.
Do you play soccer or rugby?
A ball hit the back of my head while I was playing soccer.
Soccer is more popular than baseball.
Soccer is not necessarily confined to men.
Soccer is very popular among Japanese students.
Soccer is more popular in Japan than it used to be.
Soccer is an exciting game.
Soccer is the most popular in Brazil.
In my opinion, soccer is a great sport.
Soccer is more popular than tennis.
Soccer is the most popular of all sports.
Soccer is an exciting sport.
Please explain the rules of soccer to me.
The soccer team is led by Tom.
I am really into soccer.
Of soccer and rugby, I prefer the latter.
The whole soccer team was on cloud nine after winning the championship.
A soccer team consists of eleven players.
I like soccer best.
Satan's ghost awakes.
It must have been a shock to you.
You must be very hungry now.
I dare say you are tired.
Like the great scholar that he was, he answered the question easily.
Excellent! It's just like you to come through like that.
That's just what one would expect of him.
I'd rather you didn't, if you don't mind.
For the time being, she is clerking in a department store.
There will be no big typhoon for the moment.
For the moment, we want to postpone making a decision.
I have nothing to tell you for the moment.
This will do us for the present.
We will leave this question aside for the moment.
We should wait here for the moment.
Let me donate what little money I have with me.
Sazae is always forgetting her own phone number.
It is a trivial matter.
Don't let a little quarrel come between us.
Salmon lay their eggs in fresh water.
Cherries are ripe in June or July.
The cherry trees were in flower.
Sakura's way of speaking gets on my nerves.
I crunch through the snow.
I have in-growing eyelashes.
His affection for Saori was not reciprocated.
Don't interrupt me but hear me out, please.
Saudi Arabia is very rich in oil.
You must look over the contract before you sign it.
Will you sign it for me?
Please refrain from smoking until the sign is turned off.
Fortunately, the fire was put out before it became too serious.
Welcome to Cyberspace!
He suddenly noticed his wallet was missing.
The siren blew.
My side mirror is out of alignment.
I'd like some cider, please.
Are these all the sizes you have?
Do you know your size?
Size 9, I think.
Cycling is good exercise. Moreover, it doesn't pollute the air.
Which do you like better, cycling or jogging?
Now tell me.
Here we are at Himeji Station.
Here we were at Tokyo Station.
Here we are!
Come on, answer quickly.
Here we are at Ueno Station.
Everything is ready now for our start.
Let's start now, and you go first.
Let's be off now.
Now let's begin the game.
Shall we begin?
Let's get down to work.
Let's go at our work.
Now, let's turn to work.
Let's get down to business.
It's now my turn.
Come on! I can't wait any more.
Come on, Ken.
Tell me. I'm all ears.
Here we are at the theater.
Let's sing a song.
Hurry up, you lot!
You have to investigate that problem.
Service industries include communication, transportation, distribution, finance and a host of other areas which do not involve production of goods.
Service economy is a useful labor that does not produce a tangible commodity.
The restaurant can't be matched for good service.
No other hotel can beat this one for service.
We complained about the poor service.
Everything is ready now for the party.
Here comes the bus.
Is something going on with your server?
Do come in!
The server was down.
I can't check my mail. The server is down.
Down come the rain in torrents.
Well, let's get the ball rolling.
Come on, sit down and rest your weary legs.
It poured down.
Do stop talking and listen to the music.
Come on! I will best you.
Everyone turned out for the circus.
The circus amazed and delighted the children.
The clown at the circus pleased my children.
The circus sea lion did a trick.
The visit to the circus was a big thrill for the children.
Would you like a cup of tea now?
Circuses offer toys for prizes.
Step right up, gents, and say what you'll have.
Sir Harold is a fine English gentleman.
Come along.
Besides being a great statesman, Sir Winston Churchill was a great writer.
Now eat your supper.
Let's play baseball!
Come on, wake up.
Now, go about your study.
Come on in!
Here we are at Tokyo Station.
Let me fill up your glass, Mr Nakauchi.
This is it.
Now, I'll take your temperature.
Now let's talk it up.
Let's do some boxing.
Let's get out of the car now.
Let's look it up in the dictionary.
Come on, children, it's time for bed.
Let's get going.
Now, let's begin our job.
Now let's get down to work.
Here we go.
Now draw some out and take it to the master of the banquet.
Let's get the show on the road.
C'mon guys, this is a party so let your hair down and relax a little.
The ball is with you.
Anybody who shows up late has to chug!
Come on! We'll be late.
Come on, get up.
Now, go have a good time.
Here we are at the station.
Try and swim!
Let's drink the night away.
Now, listen to the doctor, or you won't get well.
Here we are finally at the airport.
Come on, try again.
Now folks, let's go on.
Let's all go to an all-you-can-eat Yakiniku restaurant.
Now, get off the boat and swim to shore.
Here comes a bus. We might as well take it.
Come on, Tony.
Let's break up the party.
Now, are you going back to your room or not?
Here, please have a seat.
It's time to hit the books.
Come on, get it off your chest.
Come on, we'll be late if you don't hurry up.
Now give attention to what I am going to say.
Now, resume reading where you left off.
Come on, take it easy. Chances are in your favor.
Now, go have a good time. The work can wait.
Let's meet Edgar Degas and look at his pictures with him.
Oh, off with you.
Do you have a number where we can contact you?
I hope to hear from you.
Please give my kind regards to your parents.
Are your parents in now?
How are your parents getting along?
Did your parents approve of your marriage?
Which of your parents do you think you take after?
Give my regards to your parents.
Give my best respects to your parents.
Give my best regards to your parents.
Remember me to your parents.
Didn't your parents give you anything?
I'm still alive, and that's the main thing, Father says.
We shall be pleased to comply with your request.
I'll make every possible effort to meet your request.
In accordance with your request, I enclose a picture of myself.
A map is available upon request.
We cannot meet your demands.
We are sorry we are unable to accept your request.
Are you being waited on?
Have you been waited on?
Is anybody waiting on you?
Please call me up if you want me.
Can I tell my father what you want?
Do you have a reservation?
Your friendship means much to me.
Sorry to trouble you, but can you help me?
I am sorry to trouble you.
I'm very sorry to have troubled you.
I'm sorry to trouble you.
Sorry to bother you, but I'm afraid something urgent has come up.
Far be it for me to trouble you, but I must ask you something.
I am sorry to have troubled you.
I really appreciate all the trouble you've gone to.
If it's not too much trouble, I would like some help.
I'm sorry to trouble you, but could you tell me the way to the station?
God grant that you come home safe and sound.
I am sorry I did not write to you for such a long time.
I am as much in the wrong as you are about not writing before this.
It has been a long time since I wrote you last.
I'll bring the book back to you tomorrow.
I must think it over before answering you.
The favor of a reply is requested.
It is nice of you to hold a door open for a lady.
Ladies first.
Your bereavement saddens me.
Please come over with your wife.
I hear you have been sick.
Wash your hands before eating.
Do you have rice?
Do you know how to cook rice well?
I'll have rice, miso soup and natto.
Rice is good with miso soup.
Which do you prefer, rice or bread?
I will leave it to your judgement.
Let's throw it away and start over with a clean slate.
The same to you.
You may have it for the asking.
Please accept my sympathies.
I'll be happy if you will come with me.
Boarding will be at six-forty.
Please have your boarding pass ready. Thank you.
Welcome aboard!
Please visit us at your convenience.
Make contact when it is convenient.
At your convenience.
Why don't you drop in for tea at your convenience?
Please come when it is convenient.
Would you meet with us at a time that is convenient for you?
Please call me whenever it is convenient to you.
Do come if you can!
May I take a message for him?
Can I take a message?
It is highly regrettable that your request was considered to be unacceptable.
Will you please provide more details about your proposal?
I'm glad your book was received kindly by the press.
Please give me your attention.
May I take your order?
We will ship the product immediately after receiving your order.
We will confirm your order as follows.
May I have your order, please?
Can I take your order now?
Are you ready to order?
This is the last order.
Are you ready to order now?
We are very sorry that your order was damaged.
Would you like to order?
Tell me when you'd like to order.
May we look forward to receiving your order?
I'll do as you advise.
Save your appetite for the big dinner.
What's the purpose of your visit?
May you be happy!
Please accept my condolences on the death of your father.
Tokyo, as you know, is one of the financial centers of the world.
You know, there are more and more old people.
As you know, we were late due to the heavy rain.
UN, as you know, stands for the United Nations.
This only takes quarters, you know.
As you know, life is comparable to a voyage.
I want to congratulate you on your graduation.
I leave it to your imagination.
I'll leave it up to your imagination.
As your goods for which you are charging us were imperfect, we will not pay this account.
Our catalog will be sent on demand.
I do hope you'll succeed.
I wish you every success.
Let me congratulate you on your success.
May you succeed!
A thousand thanks for your kindness.
I am grateful to you for your kindness.
Thank you for your kindness.
I'm quite aware of your kindness.
I shall never forget your kindness.
I will never forget your kindness as long as I live.
I am so much obliged to you for your kindness.
I'm very much obliged to you for your kindness.
I wish to express my deep appreciation for your kindness.
I cannot thank you enough for all your kindness.
I cannot thank you enough for your kindness.
It is kind of you to help me.
Your kindness overwhelms me.
I'm afraid I'm imposing on your hospitality.
I appreciate your kindness.
It's kind of you to say so.
Thank you very much kindly.
How nice of you!
I'm much obliged to for your kindness.
I acknowledge your kindness.
Thank you for your concern.
It was very kind of you to invite me.
Thank you for inviting me.
You see, he is a good baseball player.
What line of work are you in?
I am much obliged to you for your help.
I cannot thank you enough for your assistance.
I am more than grateful to you for your help.
I greatly appreciate your advice.
Please sign your name here.
Let me know your departure in advance.
Let me know the time you are leaving.
Write your address, please.
Thank you for making the arrangements.
Is the master of the house at home?
I believe he'll be with us today.
I recommend a thorough checkup for your husband.
Please give my best regards to your husband.
I understand you wish to contact your husband.
In respect to your question, I have nothing to say.
Help yourself to the fruit.
Please feel free to link to my page.
Please help yourself to the desserts.
Help yourself.
Please help yourself to the apple pie.
He thus revealed his glory.
Please make sure that your seat belt is securely fastened.
Did you plan it yourself?
Why don't you make it yourself?
Would it inconvenience you to go yourself?
What's your home phone number?
Please accept our heartiest congratulations on the marriage of your son.
For your information.
We look forward to your entries.
Thank you very much for attending.
I congratulate you on your engagement.
I'm familiar with your name.
I wish you good luck.
I appreciate what you've done for me.
I am deeply grateful to you for your kindness.
I'm deeply grateful for your kindness.
I appreciate your thoughtfulness.
For your consideration.
Here's to your health!
May you be blessed with good health.
Are you married or are you single?
I wish you great happiness in your marriage.
I would like to extend our best wishes on your marriage.
We have just received an inquiry from Kansas concerning your brother.
You must keep in with your neighbors.
Thank you for your trouble.
Thank you in advance for your help.
Thank you in advance for your cooperation.
Thank you for your cooperation in advance.
I really appreciate your cooperation.
Thank you for your kind assistance.
I appreciate your cooperation.
Thank you for your cooperation.
How do you feel today?
I am not quite sure if we can meet your requirements.
When you decide which plan you want, please notify us in writing.
I'll see if there's anything I can do.
I'll try to meet your wishes.
Please confirm.
Did you bring your family with you?
Do you have a family?
How about your family?
Please remember me to your family.
How's your family?
Give my love to your family.
Give my best regards to all your family.
How's it going with your family?
Please remember me to all your family.
I'd rather not.
I appreciate your help.
I regret that I can't help you.
I am grateful to you for your help.
We appreciate your help.
Congratulations on your promotion.
How about having dinner together?
Won't you have tea with us?
Won't you have some tea with me?
Would you care to join me?
It is regrettable that I can't go with you.
I am only too glad to be with you.
"May I go with you?" "Of course."
How many are there in your party, sir?
If you change your address, please let me know.
I am willing to agree to your request.
The sunshine penetrated the thick leaves of the trees.
Don't run on your sentences with commas.
The computer terminals were lined up in one long row.
IBM has the lion's share of the large computer market; nobody else even comes close.
The development of the computer industry has been very rapid.
There are many jobs available in the computer industry.
The computer industry is enjoying a boom.
I shopped around for my computer and ended up paying $200 less than David.
We are looking for somebody who can use a computer.
If you use a computer, you can retain information.
Computers will save you much time and energy when you deal with figures and graphs.
Computers will save you a lot of time.
They might pay me more if I could use a computer.
Computer users have so many buzzwords, it's a wonder if anyone else can understand them.
In order to use a computer, you must learn to type.
He located the computer, poured in the sample and deposited the $10.00.
A computer is a complex machine.
Computers are capable of doing very complicated work in a split second.
A computer can calculate very rapidly.
The computer is a relatively recent invention.
The computer is placed to the left of the women.
Computers are difficult, so I get confused.
Computers are used to send messages by e-mail.
Computers can be thought of as mere calculating machines.
Computers can save us a lot of time and trouble.
Computers can give us facts, but they can't give us experience.
The computer is a recent invention.
The machine again made the usual noise and printed out the following analysis.
The computer has made a great impact on modern life.
A computer is an absolute necessity now.
Computers are capable of doing extremely complicated work.
Computers have made rapid progress.
Computers are of great use.
Computers are constantly being improved.
Computers have invaded every field.
Computers caused a great, if gradual, change.
The more I studied computers, the more interesting I came to find it.
The spread of computers.
Knowledge of computers is basic to all sciences.
Do you know how to operate a computer?
The use of electronic computers is growing rapidly.
What a waste to buy such an expensive machine even though he doesn't even know how to use computers.
It's possible to branch out from computing to jobs in banking, accountancy and so on.
The operation of a computer keyboard requires less effort than that of a manual typewriter.
Computers save us a lot of time and trouble.
Compared to a computer, a word processor has a single purpose.
Put all the books about computers together.
What kinds of things do you have on the computer?
I feed data into a computer.
If you don't know anything about computers, you're really behind the times.
Computers can do the job with ease.
Japan disproved phony accusations of computer chip dumping.
Computers are really selling like hotcakes.
It is an advantage to be able to use a computer.
Computers have changed the industrial picture considerably.
My computer is out of order, and I have to get it repaired.
The computer broke down.
Computers are being introduced into this company.
There is a labor shortage of computer programmers.
The computer system shuts down automatically at 8pm.
I am able to buy anything in a convenience store.
Hi, George! How's it going?
I'd like to drive across the USA in a convertible car.
Hi! I'm Ichirou Tanaka. Nice to meet you.
Hi! Thanks for flying with us. How are you today?
Hi! What is the purpose of your visit in America, sir?
Good day. How are you today?
Hi, Roger. I'm pretty good!
Hi, Mimi! How are you doing?
Hi, my name is Ken Saitou.
Hi, Paul. Busy as usual?
Hello, Tom.
Hi, Susan. How are you?
Hello. Are you Jackie Scott?
Hi, how are you, everyone?
Hi! Do you work here?
Such extravagance is beyond my reach.
I have no idea what he has in mind, rejecting such a favorable proposal.
We might as well eat dog food as eat such a dish.
He must be crazy to go out in this stormy weather.
I cannot entertain such a request.
What did they add this needless function for?
Hey! I don't want any crank calls - not at this hour.
It is not safe for a girl to go out by herself so late at night.
What is the good of reading such books?
It is no use reading such a book.
I've never tasted anything as unusual as this.
You were thoughtful to remember me in this way.
In this way, we waste a lot of time.
Do it this way.
This is the way he treated me.
I can't put up with these insults.
Never have I read so terrifying a novel as this.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sunset.
This is the prettiest sunset I have ever seen.
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sunset?
Do not read books in such a dim room.
It's impossible to work in a room this dim.
I don't feel like going out on such a day.
Who'd have thought this is how the pieces fit?
I'd rather stay home than go out in this weather.
I have some doubts about his coming in this weather.
I am sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.
It may not be amiss to give this advice.
I can't afford to eat in such an expensive restaurant.
Such a man cannot be relied upon.
This warm weather is abnormal for February.
There's nothing to make such a fuss about.
I've never had such a large sum of money.
Such a big gift is a white elephant to us.
You needn't have bought such a large house.
It takes a lot of money to keep up such a big house.
I've never seen such a giant watermelon!
This is the largest temple that I've ever seen.
How are you going to spend such a large amount of money?
We can not carry on conversation in such a noisy room.
You mustn't miss seeing this wonderful film.
I've never been to such a nice party.
I never dreamed of there being such a quiet place.
I didn't foresee this turn of events.
What on earth are you doing in such a lonely place?
I'm ashamed to go out dressed like this.
Where on earth do you suppose she is going in the dead of night?
It is hard to get along on this small income.
Let's stop this fruitless discussion.
I wanna get out of here!
You had better not walk around in such a place.
This is a daily occurrence.
I can't stand being cooped up in this prison!
Will I make it through?
It's about time we did away with this outdated law.
I think it strange that there is no one on the street at this time of the day.
Where on earth can he have gone off to at this time of day?
Such a judge should retire from his job before retirement age.
This is the worst thing that has ever happened to me!
You're crazy to buy such an expensive bike.
I had no idea it would be such an expensive restaurant. I feel like I'm out of place.
You are an idiot to go out in this weather.
I'd never seen such expansive scenery.
Never have I been so happy.
Don't let such a good opportunity go by.
Your parents are not to blame for such a result.
This knot will not hold.
I want to move out of this cramped room as soon as I can.
I've never heard anything more dreadful.
We should do away with this regulation.
Did you ever hear of such a strange custom?
Who doesn't know such a simple proverb?
I can't drink such sweet stuff.
This is the coldest weather in ten years.
It's foolish for you to swim when it's this cold.
You'd better not go out in this cold weather.
There is no going out on such a cold day.
I would rather stay at home than go out on such a cold day.
I don't like to go out without a coat on such a cold day.
I look for all the world like an athlete in this outfit, but the truth is I don't do any sports at all.
Pardon me for being in this dress.
Having this meeting isn't going to do the trick, is it?
I wouldn't dream of going on a picnic on such a rainy day.
We have no chance against those top players.
I often stumble over something as I am blind as a bat in the dark.
What do you need sunglasses for in such a dark place?
You had better not go out in this bad weather.
There is no going out in this stormy weather.
I can't get by on such a small income.
I feel like playing golf on such a lovely day.
You cannot expect such a good chance again.
It's absolutely impossible for me to go on like this.
I should not have bought such a thing.
I am glad I did not buy such a thing.
I can do without this.
"Put this stuff away at once!" she yelled in a rage.
I've botched things up so bad I wish I could find a hole to climb into.
It's so odd talking in the dark like this.
I have a strong objection to being treated like this.
This is the way in which it happened.
This is how they catch an elephant alive.
This is how I made it.
This is how I solved the difficult problem.
This is how we reached the conclusion.
This is the way in which we can become acquainted with one another.
I would rather die than have such a terrible experience.
Mother told me that I had better not go out in such bad weather.
I'm ashamed to ask you such a silly question.
I hope it will be the only one.
I've never seen anything like this before.
Never have I seen such a peaceful scene.
I'm sorry to cause you all this trouble.
I have seldom seen such a beautiful sunset as this.
Never have I seen such a beautiful sight.
Never have I seen such a beautiful picture.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long.
I must apologize for not having written for such a long time.
I've never seen a pearl of such magnitude!
How can I work with all these papers everywhere?
More people came to the party than I had bargained for.
Jobs are hard to come by with so many people out of work.
Anyone would find it hard to run on such a hot day.
This intense heat doesn't seem to bother you.
How am I to pay such a debt?
There is no going out on such a stormy day.
With it raining like this, we'll never be able to leave.
Death is preferable to such suffering.
This is the first time I've seen such a dreadful movie.
I haven't had such a good time in years.
It's convenient living so close to the station.
This pen is a real bargain at such a low price.
You should not climb the mountain in such bad weather.
This is the most exciting book that I have ever read.
I had no idea it'd be this beautiful.
It is bad of me to have kept you waiting so long.
You have all these books!
I'm really glad to have had such an enjoyable time.
What a good scholar the author must be to write such a splendid book!
You mustn't miss such a good opportunity.
I'm really happy to have had such a great time.
I'm sorry to trouble you so much.
I had no idea it would put you to so much trouble.
She must be kind-hearted to send you such a pretty doll.
Never have I read such an interesting story.
I've never eaten anything as delicious as this.
Have you ever listened to such a good music?
You had better not wander around here by yourself.
I never expected this fine hotel to be found in such a place.
Fancy meeting you here!
Never did I dream that I would meet you here.
Fancy meeting you here.
He said he wanted to put an end to such a trifle.
I'm sick of this hand-to-mouth existence.
I never saw such a splendid sunset.
Who wants to be cooped up indoors on a nice day like this?
I hope this fine weather holds.
You must not miss seeing this wonderful film.
Did you ever see such a film?
I've never seen a shot like that.
It is very kind of you to send me such a nice present.
You may not believe this, but I don't drink at all.
This is the first time.
He must be stupid to believe such a thing.
Have you ever heard of such a thing?
He must be a fool to do such a thing.
It was foolish of him to do such a thing.
Will you give me your reasons for doing this?
Please accept what little comfort these words can give you.
You might not believe what I'm about to tell you, so don't be surprised.
Did you ever hear of such a thing?
You may depend on it that it won't happen again.
This is totally unacceptable.
I never thought it would wind up like this.
I'm sorry it worked out this way.
See to it that this never happens again.
Such a thing can't happen in Japan.
Even this cable cost me 6000 yen.
I don't dare ask such a silly question.
It is criminal to pay so much money for such trifles.
Never did I see such a beautiful sunset.
I can't stand an awful sweat like this.
Such playfulness is characteristic of Mr Baker.
Have you ever tasted such a good soup?
Such treatment would make anybody rebel.
It's a pity for you to have to stay indoors in this weather.
Condors have never bred in zoos.
Whose turn is it next?
This time I'll try it.
I am to visit my uncle in Shizuoka next Sunday.
What are you going to do next Sunday?
You must put up with your new post for the present.
Prizes will be awarded at the end of the contest.
I'm looking for my contact lens.
May I have a pair of contact lenses?
I fell asleep with my contacts in.
Have you found your contact lenses?
I can't get my contacts out.
I hurt my eye when my contact slipped out of place.
Can you secure me two good seats for the concert?
The concert hall was alive with fans.
There was a large audience in the concert hall.
Did you have a good concert?
The concert was short, but it was really good.
What time is the concert?
How did you enjoy the concert?
The concert starts at seven. We must not be late.
The concert was held over till the following week because of the singer's illness.
We have a little time before my concert.
Will you get me a ticket for the concert?
It was lucky that we got the tickets for the concert.
I had to leave the theatre in the middle of the concert.
To talk during a concert is rude.
I noticed several people sleeping during the concert.
I had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert.
I wish I had bought a concert ticket.
Are tickets for the concert available here?
Those present at the concert were surprised by his performance.
If he could go to the concert, he would be glad.
I absolutely love going to concerts not just because I get a chance to meet the musician or singer but because of the wondrous feeling of a live performance.
What do you say to going to the concert?
I'll be back in thirty minutes so I'll be in time for the concert.
Will we be in time for the concert?
There were so many people at the concert.
There were many people at the concert.
I was surprised to see so many people at the concert.
I want to talk to the famous pianist before his concert.
I was surprised because the concert ended all too soon.
Concrete can be reinforced by putting steel bars inside it.
I could not speak from fear.
Keep hold of my hand if you're afraid.
Detective Columbo is always in a frayed raincoat.
Columbus argued that the earth was round.
Columbus believed that the Earth was round.
Columbus argued that he could reach India by going west.
Columbus proved that the world is not flat.
Columbus sailed farther west to look for a new continent.
Columbus secured this region of interests.
Columbus discovered America.
Columbus discovered America in 1492.
Columbus' discovery of America was accidental.
We learned that Columbus discovered America in 1492.
I'll find a good time to tell Father about it.
This is for free.
It's true.
This is an ancient law.
Here is a present for your birthday.
Whose book is this?
Can I put this up for you?
If you continue to remain silent, I'll lose my temper.
Try to avoid making any more trouble.
Please don't be sad any more.
There is no use waiting for her any longer.
It's fruitless to press him further.
It'll be a waste of time if we wait for them any longer.
It is no use talking with them any longer.
It seems a waste of time to wait any longer.
It's an absolute waste of time to wait any longer.
It's a waste of time to stay longer.
Can't you go on any longer?
No more of your cheek or I'll hit you!
I have no further questions.
Don't run after me any more.
Don't live off your sister any more.
I can't take any more work.
I don't want to take on any more work.
I have nothing more to say.
We can not reasonably ask more.
We couldn't be happier for you.
I can't thank you more.
What more could I want?
I don't want to lie anymore.
Don't give me any more trouble.
Is this the last price?
No more can be said.
A further reduction would make us go into the red.
If you request a further discount, we suggest changing the terms of payment.
Further assistance is not forthcoming.
He cannot wish for anything better.
This is as good as any.
I'll give you anything but this.
There is no more disagreeable thing than this.
Don't turn up the volume of TV anymore.
There is no use discussing the matter further.
I can't bear the noise any longer.
I will not dwell any longer upon this subject.
I can't put up with the heat any longer.
You had better consult the doctor.
I refuse to obey you any longer.
Beyond this I know nothing.
I will do anything but this.
May I leave this with you?
Could you keep this for me?
I'd rather throw it away than give it to him.
If you buy this, I will give you a fifteen percent discount.
I'll take it.
Can you deliver that?
May I have this for two or three days?
Fax this to this number in Tokyo, please.
Please fix this.
Try this on. It's your size.
This is what I was waiting for.
Please send this by special delivery.
Send this by special delivery.
This is my choice.
Please send this by sea mail.
Please change this for a blue one.
Can I eat this?
Cut this into very fine pieces.
You wanna help me lift this up?
Are you going to send this by parcel post?
Can you change this into small money?
I want to exchange this for a smaller size.
I'll keep this for future use.
How many days will it take if I send this as registered mail?
I'd like to send this by registered mail.
Please write this down.
What are you planning to do after this is over?
Did you sew this by hand?
Please send me a reply as soon as you receive this mail.
Please pass this on to the next person.
Can I try this on?
May I try this on?
I would be very pleased if you did this for me.
This we can call a work of art.
May I use this?
I'd like three of these.
I bought this yesterday.
Let's try to settle our differences once and for all.
I'll give up drinking once and for all.
Send this by airmail.
The right word for this does not come to me.
Can you cash these for me?
I remember my mother when I see this.
This reminds me of home.
At this, he got up and went out.
Whenever I see this, I remember him.
How astonished I was to see this.
Might I have a look at this?
Can I see this one?
Let this be an example to you.
Who broke this?
There must be some way to solve this.
Please give me help in taking this down.
Put this into English.
Carry this for me.
Turn this to the right, and the machine will start.
The best way to do this is to have all the presents collected in one place until everyone has arrived.
In doing this, we cannot dispense with his help.
Don't you think Tanaka is the one who did it?
I'll take this one.
You'll take this to the post office, won't you?
Please pass this to the other boys.
Please change this into pounds.
Will you translate this into French?
Please send this by Federal Express.
Please change this to dollars.
I'm not certain where this ought to be put.
Where would you like me to put this?
What do you make of this?
Will you type this, please?
Please copy this.
What's the point of doing this?
Can you copy this for me?
On hearing this, he turned pale.
There is none other than you to whom I can leave this.
Could you take this, please?
Can you change this into American dollars?
Take this to your mother.
It is impossible to finish this in two days.
This I have done.
These two countries came to terms with each other for the sake of peace.
These two factors are independent of each other.
These two are widely different from each other.
Of these two opinions, I prefer the latter to the former.
If we take this additional evidence into consideration, the second law must be modified.
These three countries were united into one.
The latter will continue to develop along their own paths according to the needs of their own speakers.
Do you have a little bigger one than these?
These are not sufficient reasons for breaking the promise.
These are cakes of her baking.
Cholera is uncommon in Japan.
These blouses are long sleeved.
There are dangers that threaten both men and women.
Whose paintings are these?
These are very old books.
These are my books; those are his.
These are my books.
There are my sister's magazines.
These are my pencils.
These are our desks.
These are the best bags on the market.
They are memorials.
These are common diseases of children.
What old books these are!
These figures are signs of a family or clan.
These are all much the same.
All these are ways of exceeding the bounds imposed on us by human nature.
What lovely flowers these are!
Whose shoes are these?
This is the most interesting book of all.
These are all quotations from the Bible.
These are as good as those.
Are these yours?
These can be classified roughly into three types.
What good books these are.
These tales have been passed on from generation to generation.
These stories are very interesting to me.
These stories are told in colloquial and everyday language.
Instead of laying off these workers, why don't we just cut their hours?
Divide these apples between you three.
These green leaves turn red in the fall.
These green leaves turn red or yellow in fall.
These ideas are embodied in the constitution.
All these eggs are not fresh.
The optimal formula which would encompass all these factors has not been proposed.
These containers are airtight.
We must treat these problems as a whole.
We must not allow these problems to affect the project.
These problems have arisen as a result of indifference.
These matters are of importance to them.
These problems are beyond me.
These problems must be dealt with carefully.
These problems are important to me.
We're getting nowhere with these problems.
These matters are of no importance to me.
These questions can be answered quite simply.
These problems have arisen as the result of your carelessness.
What kinds of changes are needed to address these problems?
You don't have to answer these questions.
These trees were planted by them.
These tree shut out the view.
Learn these names by heart.
As these trees grow tall, they rob the grass of light.
Read these books, or at any rate this one.
Carry these books back to the bookshelf.
Please classify these books by subject.
Is it okay if I borrow these books?
Tell me where to put these books.
How did you come by these books?
Could you ring up these books for me?
I've read both these books.
These books are used by him.
These books are new.
You can borrow these books from the library for a week.
These books are worth reading at least once.
These books are ours.
These books are my books.
These books are mine.
These books are mine and those books are his.
Are these books Kenji's?
Whose books are these?
These books are accessible to all members.
These books are easier than those books.
These books can be had at that store.
Any of these books will be helpful to you.
Of all these books, this is by far the best on China.
Do you want any of these books?
I don't like any of these hats.
Lend a hand with these parcels, please.
These convenient goods will meet our customers' demands.
These patterns show you how to make sentences.
It is out of the question to learn all these sentences by heart.
These substances are not poisonous in themselves.
The mixture of these substances is dangerous.
I would like to know how these substances are absorbed by the body.
These are on sale everywhere.
These clothes are dirty and need washing.
These unhappy people must be taken good care of.
These items are rather hard to obtain.
These goods are free of duty.
These articles are not for sale.
These goods are greater in quantity than in quality.
Those goods are on approval.
The teacher said we had to learn all these expressions by heart.
These specimens are divided into several categories.
These ungrammatical sentences resulted from the application of the additional rule F.
Take home these paintings of his and tell me what you think of them.
These remarks are related to her proposal.
Thanks to these discoveries, man's life span has become twice as long as before.
These boxes are made of plastic.
If these days are not convenient for you, please let us know.
About 14,000 of these usually have tickets for the Center Court.
These tools are used for building a house.
These implements are in common use.
These tools are badly in need of repair.
Either of these roads leads to the station.
These animals feed on grass.
These animals are very friendly, too.
These legends should be handed down to our offspring.
There points can be brought under the same heading.
These birds migrate to North Africa in winter.
These butterflies are rare in our country.
Do I take choice among these?
These pillars support the stage.
Choose one from among these.
Choose any one from among these.
These cups are all broken.
People in these areas are growing hungrier each year.
These men are the wisest people of the tribe.
Look up these words in the dictionary.
Learn these words, one by one.
Could you teach me how people distinguish between these words in common usage?
There are not many books on these shelves.
These bags are very heavy, so carry one bag at a time.
Please wrap these gifts up together.
These windows are opened by him.
These sea boats are fast enough to stay in a depression for several days.
These lines meet at right angles.
These technical terms derive from Greek.
These blue lines correspond to airlines.
These products are of the same quality.
We have to find a new market for these products.
These creatures evolved from simpler organisms like jellyfish.
These measurements conform to the blueprints.
Add up these figures.
These figures indicate three in five college first-year students are indifferent to politics.
Will you please check these figures?
These diagrams demonstrate different possible approaches to job seeking.
We must deal fairly with these people.
It is not unreasonable to think that these people were excluded from the community.
These men had come to his country in three ships.
Are these gestures used in the USA?
These pearls are genuine, not artificial.
These new cars are on sale.
These foods are associated with ethnic groups.
These plants are resistant to weed killers.
These pills will cure you of your stomach-ache.
What accounts for these symptoms hasn't been discovered yet.
On average, these packages weigh two pounds.
These gadgets seem to be of no use.
Bless these little children.
These goods are free of tax.
These goods were imported from abroad in secret.
These goods are by no means satisfactory.
These goods are available to members only.
These goods may not be available locally.
Choose one from among these prizes.
All these goods are heavily taxed.
These states were united into one nation.
Will you look over these papers?
I'd like you to quickly look over these documents.
Check these papers over.
I would like you to look over these documents.
With respect to these documents, I think the best thing is to destroy them.
Will you remind me to post these letters?
Please get these letters off right away.
These letters, in the main, are from my mother.
These letters can be typed by any secretary.
With respect to these letters, I think the best thing is to burn them.
These hand-made articles differ in quality.
There is no scientific basis for these claims.
These cars are made in Japan.
These cars are big.
These photographs remind me of our holiday.
These pictures are beautiful.
These photos have come out very well.
These questions are easy to answer.
You must answer these questions.
These automobiles, for the most part, are manufactured in Japan.
These watches are more expensive than the ones in that case.
These facts will bear out his story.
These facts bear out my hypothesis.
These facts are certain.
These facts admit of no contradiction.
How do you like these poems?
By whom were these poems written?
Keep to these instructions carefully.
These operations are technically impossible.
Please take these dishes away.
These seats are reserved for old and sick people.
These seats are reserved for old people.
These countries settled the dispute among themselves.
European civilization had its birth in these lands.
By obtaining advanced technology from Japan, those countries also plan to provide people with a technical education.
These countries were often visited with famine.
In these countries hunger is the rule.
These coins are of little value.
There's too much money in these accounts.
Make a sentence with each of these words.
Write these words in your notebook.
These words are derived from the same root.
Many of these words we are unable to recall at will.
Dispose of the old magazines.
We must do away with these old rules.
These old customs have been handed down from generation to generation.
I got these old coins from her.
Even these words will someday disappear.
These buildings need temporary repairs.
We'll put these plans on ice.
None of these plans ever come anywhere near realization.
These shoes vary in size, but not in shape.
These shoes are good for walking in deep snow.
These shoes are mine.
The verdict at issue in these discussions is the one brought in the Lander's trial in 1994.
Bear these rules in mind.
These regulations ought to be observed by the students.
These rules apply to everybody alike.
These rules have been and always will be observed.
These poor people were at the mercy of the cruel dictator.
These machines are all worked by electricity.
These machines aren't working now.
Do you know how to run this machine?
These customs differ from those our country.
These infections were caused by contaminated milk.
For these patients, surgical treatment is far from being satisfactory.
These dry sticks catch fire easily.
All of these picture postcards are mine.
These paintings were handed down to me from my father.
These pictures look better at a distance.
These paintings will be left here for posterity.
Do these paintings appeal to you?
These pictures were painted by him.
Do you like any of these pictures?
Would you like some of those pictures?
These fragile items must be insured against all risks.
These answers confuse cause with consequence.
These meetings are carried on entirely in English.
These flowers are the choice of her garden.
These vases must be used carefully.
These flowers bloom in spring.
All those flowers look alike.
Their flowers smell sweet.
These houses were burnt down to the ground by the enemy.
These clouds look like a flock of white sheep.
These garments are made of 100 percent wool.
These records will make for a pleasant party.
These records are 2,000 yen each.
I want a basket in which to carry these apples.
These apples are good cookers.
These apples taste good.
The apples will be ripe soon.
Half of these apples are rotten.
Which of these rackets is yours?
These pens are his.
These things constitute a balanced meal.
Whose are these pens?
It is most important to emphasize that none of these processes are conscious.
None of these buses go to Shinjuku.
We'll do away with all these silly rules as soon as we can.
Their dresses are too big.
This data is anything but accurate.
This data supports the hypothesis.
These teacups make a pair.
I will give these tickets to whoever wants them.
His ambition was blasted by these repeated failures.
All these devices are unreliable.
We need to postulate a completely different paradigm to explain all these phenomena.
Their hypothesis is that these strategies may come into conflict with Emmet's theory.
Don't try to do all these things at once.
He will learn these things not so much from what the other man says as from how he says it.
These glasses are beautiful.
Please send details of these courses.
These cakes are good. Please try one.
Their cakes are good.
Note the function of the background layers of these graphic designs.
Please put these glasses away.
These cookies are star-shaped.
These cameras are made in Japan.
These gases can lead to global warming.
These oranges taste good.
These oranges have gone bad.
You can have either of these, but not both.
These elevators are each capable of carrying ten persons.
These dogs are big.
Please set these chairs by the window.
These chairs are by no means satisfactory.
It is not enough to show that these two particles are moving at different speed.
There may be other factors that intervene in the relation between these two constants.
Infect the area with cholera.
I can't memorize so many of these letters.
You cannot do all these things at once.
All of these sports and many others are dominated by the human urge to aim at something.
Of all these cakes I like this one best.
These are the trees on the leaves of which silkworms live.
These two lines cut across each other at right angles.
Can you tell the difference between these two pictures?
No other dog is bigger than this.
No passage this way.
Don't you have anything smaller than this?
We are beginning our descent.
Will the meeting please come to order?
I cannot walk any farther.
Will there ever be a better one?
Would you show me a less expensive camera than this one?
I'd like to try on one size smaller than this.
Can you think of a better idea than this one?
This is an apple, too.
Can I keep this?
Again his father insisted on another private conversation and broke the sad news.
You have to make good the time you have wasted so far.
In all my career as a travel agent, I never visited Africa.
We have all been talking about tomorrow; now let's come down to earth and talk about today.
In all my travels I've never seen a more beautiful mountain than Everest.
I haven't had much time to see Japan.
Never in my life have I thought of leaving the town.
So far I have been getting along well with my friends.
He's never been abroad in his life.
Our company has never had that kind of system, and it's never made us feel uncomfortable.
How often have you been here?
I'd be lying if I said I had never smoked before.
Never in my life have I heard such a thing.
In the past I used to vote for the Democratic ticket, but from now on I'll climb on the Republican bandwagon.
So far we have been quite successful.
So far, so good.
Who was the greatest philosopher that ever lived?
So far there has been no news.
So far does anyone have any question?
So far everything has been going well.
So far we have had no news as to which route the expedition has taken.
In the past I used to vote the Democratic ticket, but from now on I'll climb on the Republicans' bandwagon.
Have you ever loved a man?
There have been no problems so far.
Haven't I seen you before?
For once in my life I succeeded in getting the better of him.
I've never heard of such a story before.
I've never heard of such a frightening story before.
In honor of all the hard work we raised a toast to our first day in our new home!
This looks like another government cover-up.
Never have I seen a more beautiful sight than this.
Certainly there is nothing that will separate people more, and nothing so easy to slip into.
There is no more important problem than this.
Never have I felt better.
This is the most exciting story that I have ever heard.
Never before have we had such a strong longing for peace.
This is an exceptional case.
This is too good to be true.
This is a green notebook.
This is a letter of Ryo's in his own handwriting.
This is above reason.
This is the calm before the storm.
This is the house which was designed by a famous architect.
This is an effective remedy for crime.
These are gifts for my friends.
This is a useful book and, what is more, it is not expensive.
This is the bible of baseball.
This is a wooden house.
This is a wooden comb.
This will set a good example.
This is an interesting story.
This is harmless in itself.
How is it that otherwise reasonable people come to believe that this same roof, that practically vanishing commodity, is freely obtainable just by packing up and going to another country?
This must be a real diamond.
This won't be a real diamond.
This may not be a real diamond.
This can be a real diamond.
This can't be a real diamond.
This was an additional fund for buying books.
This is a book.
This happened under my nose.
This is a souvenir from Hokkaido.
This is a portrait of my late father.
Please accept this as a keep-sake of my husband.
This is a map of Toyono district .
This is a law, so it applies to everybody.
It is something my mother made.
There is nothing wrong with this.
This is important enough for separate treatment.
This is about as many as the United States has.
This isn't any ordinary ability.
This is a story written in simple English.
This is a story written in easy English.
It's like a vendetta now.
Is this a local train?
This is a snapshot of my wife on the beach.
This is worth one million yen.
This is a beautiful flower.
This isn't for sale.
This appears to have been inevitable.
Let's keep this a secret.
This is a secret. Keep it to yourself.
This is a picture of her own painting.
This is her book.
This is her pen.
This is her T-shirt. That T-shirt is hers, too.
This is a doll which she made herself.
This is a bag of her own making.
This is something she has done since she was a child.
This is the diary which she kept.
This is the pencil with which she wrote it.
This was the most interesting book that she had ever read.
This serves to show how honest she is.
This is the picture of his own painting.
This will serve as a check on their work.
This is because their jobs are secure.
This is their house.
This is what they have in common with other peoples.
This may be because they could not use the earth's magnetic field.
This is the house in which they lived when they were children.
This is his eleventh hour.
This is his letter, but it is not signed.
This is by far the most interesting of his novels.
I can see his hand in this.
This will be his car.
This is by far the most interesting of all his novels.
This must be his umbrella.
This is a picture painted by him.
This is too easy for him.
This is the town where he was born.
This is the fish he caught.
This is the village where he was born.
This is the house he was born in.
Can this be his writing?
This is the house in which he lives.
This is a picture of his own painting.
This is a problem of his own making.
This is the pot he treasures most of all.
This is a Christmas present from him.
This is the same camera that he lost.
This is the pen that he signed the document with.
This is a very famous haiku poem by Basho.
This is too bright.
This is a sociological study on abortion.
This is a custom peculiar to Japan.
This is a watch made in Japan.
This is a stop watch made in Japan.
This is an error common among Japanese students.
This is a socio-linguistic study on the Japanese language.
This is five thousand yen in the Japanese Yen.
This is because of the difference between Japanese politeness and American politeness.
This is the flag of Japan.
This is the car made in Japan.
This is a camera made in Japan.
This is the tallest tower in Japan.
This is Japan.
This is the second longest river in Japan.
This is a secret just between you and me, so don't let it slip out.
This is a difficult problem, and it is not easy for anyone to decide.
This is a difficult math problem.
This is a book to read.
This is designed especially for young people.
This is a road map.
This is making me really angry.
This is too good a chance to lose.
He felt that this was too good a chance to miss.
This is an argument material to the question in hand.
This is the best Indian restaurant anywhere in Tokyo.
This is a bus which goes to Tokyo.
This is the heaviest snowfall in thirty years in Tokyo.
This is a picture of the first train that ran between Tokyo and Yokohama.
This is a very rare specimen.
I think this is a case in point.
Does this hurt?
This is the most beautiful flower in the garden.
This is a strange kind of fish.
This is too long.
This is going to take a long time, said Tony.
This is the pipeline which supplies the town with gas.
This is the worst hotel in town.
This will keep bugs off.
This is a matter worthy of note.
Excuse me, but I didn't order this.
This is a slow but certain way.
This isn't what I ordered.
This is a map.
This is by far the best method.
This is too short.
I should say this is too simple question.
Whose room is this?
I wonder whose car this is.
Whose dictionary is this?
Whose bicycle is this?
Whose car is this?
Whose umbrella is this?
Whose bag is this?
Whose pencil is this?
I wonder whose these scissors are.
Who does this suitcase belong to?
This should be clear to everyone.
This is very useful.
This is too heavy a box for me to carry.
This is a very old book.
This is a very rare case.
This is such an easy problem that any student can solve it.
This is an important theory.
This is an important letter.
This is considered to be a matter of great importance.
This is too big.
This is a map of the city of Osaka.
This is a house to let, not to be sold.
This is true in a large number of cases.
This is by far the best of all.
This must be done quite otherwise.
This isn't finished at all.
How did all this come about?
This is really a very strange affair.
This may beat the Dutch.
This is the book that my teacher recommended to me.
It's just too good to pass up.
This is a map of the city of Sendai.
This is a letter from my old teacher.
This is true to life.
I don't think this is a good approach to biology.
This is genuine Kutani-ware. I guarantee it.
This is a book about stars.
This is a story about stars.
This is longer than any other bridge in the world.
That's 20% of the world's population.
This is the biggest car in the world.
This is the third longest river in the world.
This is insoluble in water.
This is a weak tea, isn't it?
This is luxury beyond my income.
This is the very best method.
I might well tell you this.
This is a new kind of melon.
This is a kind of watermelon.
These new shoes already want mending.
This is a kind of food.
This is excellent wine.
This is a direct broadcast from the Showa theater.
This is a good book except for a few mistakes.
This is an exquisite little painting.
This is a small book.
This one is full.
What a revelation!
This is a writing style different from genuine English.
This weighs more than the limit.
This is an important event.
This is a very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
Since this is important, I'd like you to attend to it yourself.
This is so heavy a box that I can't carry it.
This is a valid point of view.
This is a bit too tight around my neck.
This feels soft and smooth.
This is an interesting case where there is no principal determining element.
This is a great time-saving gadget for the housewife.
This tree is too young to bear fruit.
This is a car for young people.
This is a problem for young people to solve.
This is a map which will be useful when traveling by car.
This is the spitting image of the real thing, perfectly true to life.
This is in effect less expensive than that.
This is an actual happening.
This is too good a chance to miss.
This is the job of my own choice.
This is an automatic door.
This is homemade jam.
I'd like to take this with me.
You can't bring this in.
This is based on fact.
This is a fact, not a fiction.
This is a product of our own creative activity.
This is too small a house for us to live in.
This is beyond the compass of my ability.
This is quite contrary to what I want.
This is little different from what I want.
This is one of the jobs I have to do every day.
This is a picture of my sister.
Here is the fish my mother baked.
This is the village where my father was born.
This is beyond the scope of my imagination.
This is the chance of a lifetime.
This was my first visit to a foreign country.
This is my account book.
This is my bicycle.
This is my dictionary.
This isn't my umbrella; it's somebody else's.
This is just the way I like it done.
This isn't my bag.
This is my desk.
This will be a good opportunity for me to use my language skills to my advantage.
This is a picture of my family.
This isn't mine.
This is the same bicycle as mine.
This is my coat, and that is my father's.
This is my bag.
This is the house where my uncle lives.
This was to teach me to think methodically.
This enables me to see and face my present trouble.
This taught me a good lesson.
This is above me.
This didn't fit me very well.
This is a proverb the meaning of which I don't know.
This is the outcome of our research.
This is something we cannot do without.
This is the theater where we see foreign movies.
Here is a present for you in token of our appreciation.
I am not alone in this opinion.
This is what I wanted.
This is the same camera that I lost.
This is the dictionary I use every day.
This is a picture of my own painting.
This is the picture I took in his house.
This is the funniest book in my reading.
This is what I found in the cave.
This is what I've long wanted.
This is the book I've been looking for.
This is the same pencil that I lost the other day.
This is the dress I made last week.
This is a picture I took last week.
This was the first Japanese food I had ever tasted.
This is the same watch that I've lost.
This is the same watch that I have lost.
He is the person to whom I gave my dictionary.
This is a doghouse of my own making.
This is the only camera I've got.
This is the same book as I have.
This is the same car as I have.
This is the same dictionary as I have.
This is the same watch as I have.
This is different from what I expected.
This is the same pen that I lost yesterday.
This is the book which I read last night.
This is the same necklace that I lost yesterday.
This is the best book that I've ever read.
This is the finest picture I have ever seen.
This is the most interesting book I've ever read.
This is the most interesting story that I have ever read.
This is the longest novel that I have ever read.
This is the most wonderful present I have ever received.
This is the biggest cat that I've ever seen.
This is the finest view I have ever seen.
This is the strongest dog that I have ever seen.
This is the tallest building that I have ever seen.
This is a plan of my own devising.
This is the most massive structure I have ever seen.
This is the tallest tree I have ever seen.
This is what my mother gave me when I got married.
This is the same purse that I lost a week ago.
This is the nicest present I've ever had.
This is the same type of camera as the one I lost.
This is the same dictionary as I lost.
This is the same watch as I have lost.
This is same type of camera as the one I lost.
This is what I bought in Spain.
This is the very last thing I can do for you.
This is the watch I bought yesterday.
This is the camera which I bought yesterday.
This is the same watch that I lost a week ago.
This is the same wallet as I lost a week ago.
This is a book of children's stories.
This is an entertaining program for children.
This is a difficult problem to solve.
This is a good book for children to read.
This is a handy little box.
This is the only thing that was left.
They say this is one of the best books, if not the best.
This is a matter of supreme importance.
This isn't the last train, is it?
This is a matter of capital importance.
I am in a terrible dilemma.
This is a song which is popular now.
This is the best amplifier on the market.
This is by far the best novel that has been published this year.
This is all the money I have now.
This is the worst book I've ever read.
This is the best book I have ever read.
This is the best movie I've ever seen.
This is the cutest baby that I have ever seen.
This is the most difficult book I have ever read.
This is the biggest fish that I have ever caught.
This is the worst movie I have ever seen.
This is still in daily use.
This is the most beautiful sight that I have ever seen.
This doesn't fit.
This is a good dictionary for high school students.
It seems to me that this is too expensive.
That is too expensive.
This is the best play imaginable.
These prices are ex-works.
I don't like this. Show me another.
The problem is one of interpreting these ancient scriptures.
This is a universal truth that transcends time.
This is an old book.
This can't be done by individual effort.
This is an old type of American clock.
This is a book on modern English usage.
This is, strictly speaking, a mistake.
This is a dog.
This is very nice to look at.
This is the dog that Ken owns.
This is by no means easy reading.
It's no small matter.
This was an executive decision.
This is a present for you.
This does not square with your story.
This applies to your case as well.
This is true of your case also.
Is this your bicycle?
This is the same camera as yours.
Is this your tape recorder?
This is for you.
This has nothing to do with you.
This is true of you, too.
This is your only chance.
Is this the dictionary which you are looking for?
This will go down in history as the greatest event that has ever taken place.
This is a picture of an airport.
This is a surprising discovery.
Is this an express?
My stars!
I don't like this one; show me another.
I don't like this one.
I don't like this.
Can I carry this on the plane?
This is a desk.
These are the ABCs.
This is a very strange letter.
This is the mistake of the student.
This is a very sturdy chair to sit in.
This is a mistake students are apt to make.
This does not apply to students.
I believe this fish is a freshwater fish.
This is, indeed, a great piece of news.
I heard this from a safe source.
This is a well shaped pine tree.
This is a well-formed vase.
This is a painting.
This is just the milk run.
This is a picture.
This is a kind of animal that lives in the sea.
This is broken.
Let's just keep this between ourselves, shall we?
This is between ourselves.
The problem affects the prestige of our school.
This is more than I have earned.
This has increased family income.
What heading does this come under?
What are these for?
This makes no sense.
What a pretty flower this is!
What a beautiful flower this is!
What an old book this is!
This is a pencil.
"What's this?" asked Tony.
Is this the street leading to the station?
This is as heavy as lead.
This is a coffee cup made in England.
This is a book about England.
This is an instance of modern British life.
This is a good book for anyone wishing to learn English.
This is a story written in English.
This sees English as a system obeying miles of grammar and sentence structure which have to be learned in detail and applied rigorously.
This is a layer of soil that is permanently frozen, and in some places it's many feet deep.
This is a worthwhile book.
This is a kind of love letter.
This is the same watch as I lost.
This wasn't cheap, was it?
This is a good book, but that one is better.
Is this a radio?
This is a direct road to London.
Is this the train for London?
This is the largest tanker that has ever been constructed in our country.
This is a good textbook.
This is a nice camera.
This is too easy, I guess.
This isn't what was written on the menu.
It only goes as far as Main Street, but you can get the Number 31 there.
This is the picture that Mary painted.
This is Mary's dog.
This is a dress of Mary's own making.
Are these all your belongings?
This is Mr Miller's latest book, and we hope it will not be his last.
That's quite an art.
This is a crude material imported from Malaysia.
I can't make any sense of this.
This is still too good to be thrown away.
This is the very book that I wanted to read.
This is exactly the same camera that I have lost.
This is Mike's bicycle.
This was meant as a joke.
This is a small token of my gratitude.
This is taller than any other tree.
This is a pocket dictionary.
Is this a pen or a pencil?
This is a pen.
This is a novel written by Hemingway.
This is a picture frame made of plastic.
This fits perfectly.
This is the letter written by Mr Brown.
This is a genuine picture by Picasso.
This is a kind of bread.
Aren't you selling this at a discount price?
What an interesting book this is!
What a sad story this is!
What a heavy desk this is!
What a tall tree this is!
What a pretty doll this is!
What kind of stone is this?
What a beautiful rose this is!
What a big book this is!
What a nice cable-car this is!
What an interesting novel this is!
This is a very good tea.
Would you explain what this is?
This is such an easy problem as any student can solve.
Can you tell me what this is?
You can't get this at any bookseller's.
What kind of soup is this?
This is Tony's book.
Can you tell me how to fill in this form?
This is an acceptable gift to everyone.
This is very good.
This is a very beautiful flower.
This is a very important meeting.
This is a very new book.
This is a very small book.
This is an extremely important point.
This is a matter of great importance.
This is a very tall tree.
This is a very mild coffee.
Sure, this house is as good as ever. She's built so well we could move her anywhere.
This is such an interesting story I will never forget it.
This is very good ice cream. Won't you have some?
This is a very interesting book.
Where should I put this?
This is a car imported from Germany.
This has got me beat.
This means that our perception of any situation depends only partly on sensory signals being received at that time.
This is just what I wanted.
This smells like cheese.
Whose textbook is this?
Whose word processor is this?
Whose is this bag?
Was this somebody else's idea?
This is a very nice fireplace.
This is a work from Turner's mature period.
This is the very best way to do it.
This is the pen which the famous novelist wrote with.
This is closely bound up with the question.
This question must be discussed separately from that one.
This is a good place to start the analysis.
This is the key for the box.
This is a salmon that came up the river.
This is the window which was broken by the boy.
Is this your copy of the dictionary?
This is the village where the poet was born.
This is an animal found in that desert.
This is an exception to the rule.
This is by far the better of the two.
This is a variety of violet.
This is an immense show.
This is a socio-linguistic study on Steven Emmet.
This was built long ago.
This is a poem written in Scottish dialect.
Is this made in Switzerland?
This feels like silk.
This is the window broken by John.
This is the house that Jack built.
This is Jane's bag.
This is a precious chance to get Sammy's autograph.
This size doesn't fit me.
This is better than any other bag in this store.
This is by far the tallest building in this city.
This is to make up for the last time.
This is the largest dictionary there is in this library.
This is a matter of the utmost importance.
This is a plant unique to this country.
I don't think this is the box that this toy came in; it won't fit in.
This has gone out of use here.
This is just among ourselves.
This is Kenji's chair.
This is the desk which Ken uses.
Is this your car?
Is this your bike?
I'm sure it was just a terrible accident.
We hope this will be to your satisfaction.
This is bulky, so I'll send it by home delivery.
This is a little gift for you.
Those are the leftovers from lunch.
This tastes like tea.
This was built some 500 years ago.
Is this the bus to Oxford?
This is the fifth concert by this orchestra.
This is a superb illustration of how Emmet modified the traditional architectural designs.
This is an example of the survival of the fittest, as it is called.
This is a little bit too loose around my waist.
This is what we call a "brand new idea".
What in the world is this?
What's this in aid of?
This will do for a chair.
I don't think this is a good idea.
This one has a lot of advantages over that one.
This is superior to that.
This looks longer than that, but it is an optical illusion.
This is more expensive than that.
This is smaller than that.
This is twice as large as that.
This one is similar to that one.
This is as large as that.
This one is as good as that one.
This is what is called a 'present' in some countries and 'bribery' in others.
This is a great invention in a way.
This is a view of the Alps.
This means that if you try to protect yourself too much, you will only make bigger mistakes.
This is too hard a problem for me to solve.
This movie is not anything like as exciting as that one.
This letter is addressed to you.
This may be of use to you.
Is this your book?
This is your book.
Is that your room?
You can keep this one for yourself.
This is your hat, isn't it?
That's not your hat, is it?
Is this the key you are looking for?
Are these your horses?
This is a small acknowledgement of your kindness.
Is this your umbrella?
This may not suit your taste.
This is a good exercise to help you lose weight.
This is a hazard to your health.
Is this your pen?
Is this your favorite song?
Is this the key your uncle is looking for?
This is secret between you and me.
This is the sort of thing you have to account for.
This is the money at your disposal.
Is this a picture of your own painting?
This is a problem you have to solve by yourself.
This is a problem of your own making.
This means nil.
This is too much for a day's work.
This is the only kimono that my mother bought me.
This is mahjong.
That is to say, their behavior seems to be against the rules made by adults.
This offer is not subject to the usual discounts.
This means that others can only come to know you and like you by listening to what you say.
This is far the best of all.
I am in charge of this.
This is the most beautiful of all the pictures in my album.
This is a subject of which I know nothing whatever.
This is the record which I bought yesterday.
This is the pen that I lost yesterday.
This is the most beautiful lake that I have ever seen.
This is the most beautiful sunset that I have ever seen.
This is the magazine I spoke to you about.
This is a great opportunity to increase our market share.
This does not mean only the study of language, history or geography.
This may be because of a change in people's attitude toward marriage and the sharp increase of fast food restaurants and convenience stores which are open 24 hours a day and enable young people to live more easily.
Charge this to my company.
This is so enduring as to make even the most diligent worker give up.
This is the house in which the poet lived in his childhood.
This was to arrange things so that I obtained the result already written in the textbooks.
This note summarizes some information that we hope to discuss at the meeting in San Francisco.
The problem is one of determining the dominant factors in this phenomenon.
This is a good opportunity to get to know one another.
This only increased his desire to be revenged on the murderous duke.
What is the price for this?
I'd like to insure this, please.
A comparable car would cost far more in Japan.
Don't let this discourage you from trying it again.
There's a hole in this.
Do you have anything to say in connection with this?
Do any of you have anything to say in connection with this?
In relation to this, I am to blame.
Above and beyond this, he can read Hebrew.
I have mixed feelings about this.
This surprised many people.
There must be a rational explanation for this.
But I had another advantage in it.
It includes widely varying organizations, people, and ideas.
And as with so many aspects of British life, there's a good historical reason for it.
The end, so long good bye!
It is no use making an excuse for this.
I know nothing in respect of this.
He is not available at the moment.
He will give you some good advice on this matter.
I will accept full responsibility for this.
We must make a decision on this right away.
Feel free to comment on any point made here.
In comparison with this, that is far better.
In the same way, a Russian might fail to see anything amusing in a joke which would make an Englishman laugh to tears.
Do you have the same thing in a different color?
I'd like the same style as this one.
I don't know if you'd call it a hobby, but to stretch it a little, you could say music appreciation is my hobby.
Tell me all you know in connection with this.
What is the difference between this and that?
How do you like that?
This is as long as that.
How is this connected to that?
You have your choice between this and that.
Please choose between this one and that one.
Which is cheaper, this or that?
Which is better, this or that?
Then I can have some peace of my mind.
This will teach that he must obey the law.
With this his spirit will be consoled.
All is completed with this.
This ought to bring in enough money to put us back in the black.
This is the end.
This is the end of my story.
This will save you a lot of trouble.
This adds to my troubles.
I've finished all the work for today.
It's like a weight has been lifted from my shoulders.
Will this answer your purpose?
Everything is fine.
This will help our business along.
This adds to our troubles.
This is driving me crazy.
That means cutting the first train.
This probably means war.
You'll make the same mistake if things continue in this way.
Is this what you've wanted for a long time?
Here it is, all in black and white.
This will add to our troubles.
This will surely add to you appetite.
This is it. They're going to kill me.
The line has been busy for 30 minutes now.
Do you have this in my size?
It will surely by useful for your future to put forth this much effort.
There are so many anti-smoking campaigns these days; maybe smoking really is a threat to the public order.
I'm not afraid of anything after having verbal abuse heaped on me like that. In fact, I feel empowered by it.
Just don't forget this.
I'll say this: I am innocent.
Will this much food do for a week's camping?
This is all he has to do.
This alone is enough to convince us.
This is the coffee.
My cholesterol levels are high.
My cholesterol is high.
If you want to avoid cholesterol, eat lean meat with no fat.
I see that I am surrounded by hostile faces.
I guess I'm never going to get married.
This makes me very angry.
It just goes on forever.
Can you tell me what size this is?
This is all I need to know.
This is the very thing that I wanted.
I believe this is a case in point.
This is the same motorcycle that was left at the scene of the accident.
This is the same car that was left at the scene of the crime.
This is what I want.
This is the very book that I want to read.
This is the very book that I have long wanted to read.
This is the very book I have been looking for.
This is the very dictionary I've been looking for.
This is the very CD I've been looking for.
This is just what I have been looking for so long.
This is the very book for you to read.
That's just what I wanted.
This is the very place I have long wanted to visit.
This is the very video I wanted to see.
This is the very thing that you need.
This is the very thing you need now.
This is the very dictionary that I have wanted so long.
This is the very dictionary that I have been looking for.
Here is a true Israelite, in whom there is nothing false.
Isn't this the same necklace that Aunt Clara wears?
I need a box of this size.
This is the only road to the next town.
This is a post office and that is a bank.
Given that this is true, what should we do?
This is how I go about it.
This is mine, and that's yours.
This is the rough draft of the peace treaty.
This is her weak point.
This pleased them worst of all.
This adds color to his speech.
This is what he painted.
This is the temple where he stays.
This will be the book he is looking for.
This is the house in which he lived.
This is his formula.
This is what he says.
This was his one and only hope.
This flung him into a passion.
This is the house that he lives in.
That is all that he said.
This is what he said.
This is the way he learned English.
Is this the embarkation card?
This is the key to the whole mystery.
Can you get this, man?
This is the hotel at which we stayed at that time.
This is the best camera in the store.
This is much the most expensive car in the shop.
This is by far the best way.
This is the absolute best.
Are these the glasses you're looking for?
This is shorthand writing, by means of which we can keep up with the talker.
This is shorthand.
This is the worst of all.
This is the most important matter of all.
This is the central problem of postwar immigration.
Is this the book you spoke of the other day?
This is the car I spoke of the other day.
This is the extent of my ability.
I'm not sure if this is correct.
Is this my life?
This is the best dictionary there is in the library.
This is my I.D. card.
This is a new type of car.
Is this your first trip abroad?
Here's the address.
This is the last train, sir.
This is a weakness peculiar to young people.
Is this in fact going to affect their relationships?
This is what we want to know.
This is the boy who helped me.
Here's my card.
This is a picture of my mother.
This is the house where my father was born and brought up.
This is why I hate him.
Here's my telephone number.
This is a picture of my grandmother.
This is the key I have been looking for.
Here are the number to my checks.
How does this bear on my future?
This is the house where I live.
This is his answer to my letter.
This is my car.
This is the best dictionary that I have.
This is what I thought.
This is the ideology to which my speech is written.
This is my business address.
This is how we do it.
This is where we differ very much from Japanese workers.
This is the hotel where we stayed last year.
This will be the house we are looking for.
This is what I need.
This is all I can read.
This is the reason why I came late.
This is the house in which I was born and brought up.
This is the house where I lived in my early days.
This is the village where I spent my childhood.
This is the house where I lived when I was a child.
This is a proverb the meaning of which I do not understand.
This is the hat I've been looking for.
This is the key which I have been looking for.
This is the room where the body was found.
This is the reason I came here.
This is the dictionary I spoke of yesterday.
There are photos of the singers who're featured in the magazine.
This is the car about which Linda talked yesterday.
This is the boy whom I saw yesterday.
This is the dictionary I told you about yesterday.
This is much the best.
This is the latest fashion.
This is the last time.
This is the surest way to succeed.
Is this dress the latest fashion?
This is the latest fashion this spring.
This is all that is known so far.
This is the heaviest snowfall we have ever had.
We have never had such a heavy snowfall.
This will be the book you're looking for.
This is the letter sent from Hong Kong by air mail.
This is my best work to date.
This is the largest building in existence.
This is an exact copy of the original.
This is the man who's suspected by the police.
This caused most of the local bath-houses to fall on hard times.
Here is your share of the cake.
This is what you must do.
This is the book which you are looking for.
If this is your knife, then I have lost mine.
This is the book about which I told you.
This is the garden I laid out last year.
These are the rules; act accordingly.
I like this. I will take it.
Here's my return ticket.
This is the passage to the sea.
Is this a river?
This is the shortest way to the station.
I am uncertain whether this is a thing of value.
This is the temple which we used to visit.
So, this is the nata-de-coco that everyone is talking about.
This is how I learned English.
Judging from this.
Here's my receipt.
They are in for trouble.
No one can tell what'll happen in the future.
I don't know what to do from now on.
There'll be quite a lot of scenes like this in the next few programs.
We hope you will enjoy the show.
Please write down what I am going to say.
Answer me this.
Answer me this. Did you see her there?
I'll find one later.
I hope we stay in touch.
I'm going home now.
Let's keep in touch.
I'll study harder in the future.
I'm counting on you to be strong.
Wishing you an enjoyable future.
He is here to stay.
Never be late for school again.
From now on, you must be responsible for what you do.
From now on, I promise to be punctual.
These are sold in one's.
I will never tell a lie from now on.
I've decided to be more positive and give it all I've got.
I can sleep in peace after this.
From now on, let's keep in touch.
From now on, you'll have to take care of yourself.
Is there much demand for these goods?
These flowers grow in warm countries.
We're all at sea about where to take our company from here.
I'm going shopping at the supermarket.
This is the very camera I've wanted for a long time.
This is the church where Blake is buried.
This is the bell called Big Ben.
Is this the train for New York?
This is the train for New York.
Do you know who they are?
This was the last conversation I had with my mother about Terry Tate.
You alone can do this.
This is just the type of car I want.
Do you know whose car this is?
This is the best method to solve that problem.
This is the core of the problem.
This is the boy.
This done, we had lunch.
This is the least expensive method of all.
This is by far the best.
The shutter's over here. All you have to do is press it.
This is the last food there is on this boat.
This is the biggest hotel in this city.
This has been the trend for the past twenty years.
This is the latest acquisition to my library.
This is the reason why I didn't come yesterday.
Here's the key, here's the contract.
This is the house in which he was born.
This is how we cook rice.
It is doubtful whether this will work.
This is what we call "tempura".
This is the handbag I bought in Italy.
This is the American way of life.
This is Japan as Americans see it.
This is the house where the famous novelist was born.
This is the boy who found your watch.
This will be your umbrella, I suppose.
This will be the book you are looking for.
I appreciate that this is not an easy task for you.
This is much the better of the two.
This is the more useful of the two.
This is the reason that she succeeded as a pop singer.
This is the means by which I can find him.
This is the camera with which he took the picture.
This is the reason why he did it.
Is this what you've been searching for all this time?
This is what is called the Norman Conquest.
Could you change these for me, please?
Please charge this to my account.
How long may I keep this?
How much do you ask for this?
Is this your book, Mike?
Playing golf is great fun.
I like to play golf.
Have you ever played golf?
I'd like to play a game of golf.
Golf isn't my cup of tea.
Golf is now within the reach of everyone.
Are you fond of golf?
Can I make a reservation for golf?
I've never played golf, but I think I'll give it a shot.
When it comes to playing golf, you cannot beat him.
The lower a golf score is, the better.
The golfer gave his caddy some medicine.
Mr Colcott came to like Japanese food.
The cork would not come out.
Researchers at the Gorilla Foundation have to spell out words like "c-a-n-d-y" and "g-u-m" when Koko is nearby.
Gorillas cannot use their lips and tongues to speak, but they can communicate with people in other ways.
She held him like mother gorillas hold their babies.
How about that!
Take your time. There's no hurry.
These things are often unknown to the world.
Sorry, I've got to go.
I could not say "I'm sorry."
No. I'm sorry, I've got to go back early.
Sorry. It's all my fault.
I'm afraid I'm feeling out of sorts right now.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to surprise you.
I'm sorry, but I can't hear you well.
I'm afraid I spilled coffee on the tablecloth.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings.
Please come prepared to provide your comments.
May I trouble you to shut the window?
I'm sorry to have troubled you. No matter what he may do, he will be praised.
Sorry. I missed the train.
Sorry. Traffic was heavy.
Sorry. The train was late.
I'm sorry I didn't quite catch what you said.
Sorry. I could hardly find this place.
I'm sorry. I take back my words.
I'm sorry. I'm partly responsible for it.
I feel terrible, but I've just broken your ashtray.
I'm afraid you can't. I have tennis practice later.
I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to kick you.
Sorry I haven't fixed dinner tonight. I was so tired there was just no way.
It's a comedy movie.
Comedy is something that makes you laugh.
Comedians base their jokes on tragic situations like violent death or serious accidents.
I have leg cramps.
Mr Gomez didn't excuse me for my mistake.
The rubber band broke with a vicious snap.
A rubber ball bounces because it is elastic.
Where is the garbage area?
Getting rid of garbage has become a major headache for the authorities.
The garbage collector comes three times a week.
Put the garbage outside.
Just as all kinds of communication methods are increasing, human relationships are becoming weak. A perfect case of mistaking means for ends.
What do you mean by communication?
Communications broke down.
Komiakov may never have full use of his arm.
Put all your waste paper in this basket.
There is a law against dropping litter but it is rarely enforced.
The top went around and around.
It is necessary to put something by against days of need.
Copernicus taught that the earth moves around the sun.
Copernicus proposed the idea that the Earth travels around the Sun.
I'm looking forward to the day when Miss Cobb comes back, I can tell you.
The only person who's looking forward to Miss Cobb's return.
She'll be seeing to your correspondence while Miss Cobb's away.
Jane Cobb, his present secretary, is the only person in the office who can stand him.
The obsequious waiter is usually assigned the best table because he always curries favor with his manager and superiors.
A campaign is underway throughout the company to achieve economy in the use of copying paper.
Nothing could be more useful than a copying machine.
Put a tag on the pages you want copied.
What days of the week does it take place?
These small rodents store up nuts in the winter.
This rose is beautiful.
This rose does not smell so sweet as the one I bought the other day.
This watch was handed down to me by my grandfather.
This watch is a new type.
How much is this watch?
This watch costs around fifty thousand yen.
This watch cost 70,000 yen.
This bay is called New York Harbor.
I've heard this story scores of times.
Let's get off the subject.
If she heard this story, she will get angry.
I may put this story on the stage.
I'm afraid the story will give him a wrong impression.
This story is believed to be true.
Let's keep this matter between ourselves.
This story will do for a novel.
This story might sound unbelievable but it is true.
This story is based on facts.
This story is too complex for children.
This conversation is a masterpiece.
I have heard this story scores of times.
As I heard the story secondhand, I can't ascertain the truth of it.
This story sounds very unlikely to me.
This story is rather monotonous.
This story is by far more interesting than that one.
This story may sound strange, but it's absolutely true.
This story tells us an interesting fact.
As to the source of this statement, I know nothing.
The lesson of this story is not that reading Shakespeare will help one rise in the business world.
Did you understand the moral of this story?
Please bear with me until I finish the story.
The paper discusses the problem in terms of ethics.
This article will affect my thinking.
The essay treats of the progress of cancer research.
We are not concerned in this paper with the application of Emmet's theory in biology.
In this paper I address the question, what is difficult about the intermediary's position in a negotiation?
In this paper I limit the discussion to Emmet's 'dyad' style in his works from 1995.
In this paper, I compare the folklores of Germany and Holland.
In the first section of this review I raise the question of how brain processes cause our conscious experiences.
Let's put a stop to this discussion.
This old man actually swam across the river.
These workmen are constructing a road.
This exercise is easy enough for me to do without help.
This pair of lovers were carrying on an ardent correspondence.
This ticket is valid for three months.
This train runs between Tokyo and Hakata.
This train is bound for Tokyo.
This train runs between Tokyo and Osaka.
This train left Aomori thirty minutes late, so we won't arrive at Tokyo before noon, I'm afraid.
This train is made up of seven cars.
This train makes connections with a ferry-boat at Takamatsu.
This train stops at every station.
This train is bound for New York.
How fast does this train run?
This train runs between New York and Boston.
Where is this train bound?
I'd like to reserve a seat on this train.
Take this train and make a change at the next station.
Are you sure this is the right train?
There are not a few passengers on this train.
This train will get you there in half the time.
The train will get you there after half the time.
Please keep my place in this line.
This history book is written for high school students.
How long can we keep this frozen food?
How many minutes shall I boil this frozen asparagus?
Give me a hand with this refrigerator.
The example doesn't fall into any type stated above.
In this instance we are provided with an exact account of the conversation between the two poets.
This apple is bad.
This beam won't hold the weight of the second story.
Could you give me a new dish of these?
These dishes remind me of my mother's cooking.
Could you heat this dish?
This dish goes very well with sake.
I made this food myself.
This food is too salty.
This dish has a strong flavor of garlic.
This dish is more delicious than that one.
Will you read this cookbook?
What sauce do you use for this dish?
Is lunch included in this price?
This trip will become a pleasant memory.
This tour takes in each of the five main islands.
Who were your companions on this trip?
The outdoor spa at this hot-spring is wonderful.
This inn gives good service.
The trip is farther than I expected.
This clasp won't fasten.
This fluid can be substituted for glue.
This fashion has had its day.
This theory is true of Japan.
This theory holds in everything.
This theory is too difficult for me to comprehend.
I am going to substantiate this theory.
For this reason, the credibility of the book's authors rests on the credibility of their sources.
I decided to visit the United States on this account.
I hope this stormy weather won't go on.
This egg is fresh.
This egg has a bad smell.
Are these eggs sold by the dozen?
Not all of these eggs are fresh.
None of these eggs are fresh.
May I have this dance?
This medicine will ensure you a good night's sleep.
Please mail this form to your insurance company.
Please fill in your name and address on this form.
Would you please fill out this form?
Please fill out this form.
Fill in this form.
This suit is anything but cheap.
This dress is a good bargain.
I want this suit cleaned.
This is how he failed.
Nothing can excuse him for such rude behavior.
Look at this grand view of the ocean.
Would you mind sending this letter for me?
Mail this letter.
This mail will be delivered tomorrow.
I know more or less about the rules of this game.
This oil field used to produce an order of magnitude more oil as it does now.
This oil painting dates from the 17th century.
Don't expose this chemical to direct sunlight.
This medicine will do you good or harm, as the case may be.
Take this medicine after each meal.
Take this medicine faithfully, and you will feel better.
Take this medicine between meals.
This medicine will do good to you.
This medicine will cure you of your stomach-ache.
You can get rid of the cold if you take this medicine.
This medicine will clear up your cold.
This medicine will cure your headache immediately.
This medicine will decrease your pain.
This medicine will relieve the pain.
This medicine will give you some relief.
If you take this medicine, you will feel better.
This medicine will do you good.
This medicine will cure you of that disease.
This medicine will make you feel much better.
The medicine will soon put you right.
This medicine will make you feel better.
This medicine will cure you of your skin disease.
If you take medicine, you will feel better.
Take this medicine, and you'll feel a lot better.
The medicine will cure your headache.
You should ask a physician for his advice before taking this medicine.
This medicine will take the pain away.
This medicine will ease your cramps.
Take this medicine. You will feel better soon.
Must I take this medicine?
Do I have to take this medicine?
Take this medicine twice a day.
Will this medicine really do me any good?
This medicine does not agree with me.
This medicine is good for a cold.
This medicine will do wonders for a runny nose.
This medicine may aid his recovery.
This drug acts against headache.
This medicine will do you a good deal of good.
What effect did the doctor say this medicine has on people?
Put this medicine where children can't get it.
Keep this medicine out of the children's reach.
This medicine must not be placed within the reach of children.
I think this medicine will do you good.
I think this medicine will do you a lot of good.
This medicine tastes bitter.
This medicine helps relieve muscle pain.
These pills act on the liver.
This medicine renews your strength.
The medicine is hard to swallow.
This medicine will do you good!
This medicine tastes horrible.
This medicine is not a poison in itself.
This poison is very effective in getting rid of roaches.
This medicine is no protection against influenza.
This medicine should be taken every three hours.
This medicine is a natural poison.
This medicine, properly used, will do you a lot of good.
This medicine cured me of my cold.
This medicine has no side effects.
This medicine is free from harmful effects.
This medicine will soothe your headache.
This medicine will cure your cold.
This medicine will take care of your headache.
This medicine will cure you of your cold.
This medicine will relieve your headache.
I've never heard of this actor.
No one can say for sure how this awkward state of affairs came about.
What do you call this vegetable in English?
These vegetables cook slowly.
This wild rose gives off a sweet scent.
These wild flowers give off a nice smell.
This gate needs painting.
The gate admits to the garden.
This gate allows access to the garden.
We must take this matter into account as a whole.
Let's approach this problem from a different aspect.
This problem must not be dismissed out of hand.
It is difficult to solve this problem.
We beat our brains to solve this problem.
It is no use trying to solve this problem.
Is it easy for me to solve this problem?
It's almost impossible to work out this problem.
I'll give you five minutes to work out this problem.
I had difficulty in solving this problem.
It took me a couple of hours to solve this problem.
I will give you ten minutes to work out this problem.
It takes 10 minutes to solve this problem.
It is difficult, if not impossible, to solve this problem.
We have to consider the problem more carefully.
How shall we deal with this matter?
How shall we deal with the problem?
Let's clear up this problem.
The two countries came to a political settlement over this dispute.
This problem may be solved in a variety of ways.
This problem is too difficult for me to solve.
I had trouble with this question.
This question is one of great importance.
This problem is in his field.
The problem is complicated by his personality.
This problem is of his own making.
This problem is too difficult for me to explain.
This problem is too difficult for primary school children to solve.
This problem is too difficult for you to solve.
This problem is beyond my powers.
This problem is hard to solve. So you had better begin with that one.
This problem is worth discussing.
This matter must be dealt with sooner or later.
This problem is too simple.
We will deal with this problem in Chapter Three.
This problem has been debated by many economists.
Something must be done immediately to deal with this problem.
We should consider this problem as a whole.
This subject should be discussed in detail.
This problem is too much for me to handle.
This problem can not be discussed here for lack of time.
I can't solve this problem.
This problem is so easy that I can solve it.
This question is too difficult for me.
This problem is beyond me.
This problem is difficult for me to some degree.
I will deal with this problem.
This problem is akin to the one we had last year.
This problem deserves considering.
This matter had best be left unmentioned.
This problem is not so difficult as it seems.
This matter must not be trifled with.
This question isn't easy.
This problem is too simple, so it is hardly worth discussing.
I can't solve this problem. It's too difficult for me.
This subject is outside the scope of our inquiry.
This problem seems to be easy on the surface, but it's really difficult.
This was too difficult a problem for her to solve.
This problem is a real challenge.
This matter is of great importance.
This problem is easier than that.
This question has often arisen.
This problem demands immediate attention.
I close my mind to this subject.
This problem arose from the mutual misunderstanding.
This problem is too difficult to deal with.
This question is closely related to that one.
We will discuss this problem later.
You cannot solve this problem in an ordinary way.
This question counts for 50 points.
This problem seems difficult.
This matter is extremely important to us.
This problem is not so difficult that you can't solve it.
I can't think of any solution to this problem.
My desire is to help you with this problem.
I don't know what the question means.
Concentrate your attention on this problem.
We will interview two people so we can hear both sides of this question.
All the answers to this question were wrong.
There were a lot of opinions, pro and con, on this question.
As far as this problem is concerned, you cannot escape your responsibility.
What do you have to say with regard to this problem?
In respect of this question, there are three opinions.
What's your opinion with regard to this matter?
With respect to this question, there are three problems.
With respect to this question, there are three opinions.
This problem bristles with difficulties both psychological and economical.
This problem baffles me.
How will you dispose of this problem?
I have nothing particular to mention with regard to the affair.
This problem has often been remarked upon.
Our knowledge on the problem is rather limited.
There is no choice in this matter.
I defy you to solve this problem.
Can you do this problem?
If you can't solve this problem, ask your teacher.
Let's begin with this problem.
This question is too difficult for me to answer.
The answer to this question is wrong.
This alarm clock gains one minute a day.
These trees will screen our new house from public view.
This tree measures three meters around.
This tree bears no fruit.
This tree does not bear fruit.
This tree is tall, but that one is even taller.
This tree bears a lot of good fruit.
This wood won't burn.
How tall this tree is!
This tree is the tallest and oldest in this forest.
This tree is the same age as that one.
This tree is about as tall as that one.
This tree is about as high as that one.
This tree has been standing for five decades.
The top of this tree is level with the fence.
This tree bears good peaches every year.
Hold fast to this tree.
This net here is to keep off mosquitoes.
These cotton socks bear washing well.
This cotton shirt washes well.
This maze is very hard to get out of.
What is the correct aperture in this light?
You'll strain your eyes trying to read in this light.
This order is to be obeyed to the letter.
Does she come from the agency that sent the last temporary I had?
I can't see the road signs in this fog.
I want to find out the source of this irresponsible rumor.
The eternal silence of these infinite spaces terrifies me.
This dream will come true.
The origins of these people is shrouded in mystery.
This miso soup is too hot to drink.
The taste of sugar is too noticeable.
I borrowed this cartoon from his older sister.
This fountain pen is as good as any I have ever used.
This pen has run dry.
Compare this genuine jewel with that imitation.
This book is selling like hotcakes.
This bookcase is easy to assemble.
This bookstore stopped selling JUMP.
Understanding this book is beyond my capacity.
May I leave this book with you?
Don't forget to bring back this book.
I just have to drop this book off.
Take this book back to him.
I am hoping to get two copies of this book.
I profited from reading this book.
You can read this book.
May I go out to play when I have read this book?
I remember reading this book.
If we read this book we are able to comprehend more about the country.
This book tells that life is hopeful.
This book will give you a clear idea of the American way of life.
Do you think this book is worth reading?
It is easy for me to read this book.
It is a good idea to read this book.
It takes two hours to read this book.
You don't have to use a dictionary when you read this book.
This book gives us a good idea of economics.
Every time I read this book, I find something new.
I never read this book without being reminded of my old days.
It took me three days to read through this book.
It'll take a week or so to read through this book.
Take this medicine, and you will feel better.
Read this book.
It took me five hours to read through this book.
Do you have any idea who wrote this book?
The man who wrote this book is a doctor.
Mr Ogata, the author of this book, used to be a newspaperman.
No matter who it was that wrote this book, he's very clever.
Please keep this book at hand.
May I borrow this book?
This book stands high in my opinion.
Please buy me this book.
Please give me this book.
It is possible for you to read this book in a few days.
I bought this book at Kakuzen's.
Put this sentence into English.
Do you think it is difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
Place this book back where it was.
Here's a book for your mother to read.
May I have this book?
How long does it take for you to read this book?
I will give you this book.
Please lend me this book for a few days.
Give me a copy of this book.
Give this book to whoever wants it.
This book will be printed next year.
This book is written in easy English.
This book looks interesting.
This book is not less amusing than that one.
This book is both interesting and instructive.
This book makes pleasant reading.
This book seemed interesting.
There's not so much text in this book.
This book is above me.
This book is suitable for general readers.
You will derive great pleasure from this book.
This book is hers.
This book is a result of his enthusiastic research.
This book counts among the best of his work.
This book is not for sale.
This book is for students whose native language is not Japanese.
This book sold well in Japan.
This book is not available in Japan.
This book is worth reading twice.
This book comes in two volumes.
This book is too difficult to understand.
This book is too difficult for me to read.
This book is so difficult, I can't read it.
This book is too difficult for you to read.
This book is too difficult to read in a week.
This book gives a good picture of life in America during the Civil War.
This book is pleasant to read.
I found this book interesting.
I think this book is worth reading.
This book isn't worth reading.
This book is worth reading.
This book is interesting to read.
This book is too difficult to read.
It is worthwhile to read this book.
It is easy to read this book.
You had better not read this book.
This book is especially difficult to read.
This book is worthy of attention.
This book deals with China.
This book contains forty photographs.
This book should be read with diligence.
Whose is this book?
This book only goes down to World War II.
This is a book often read by adults.
This book is too large to go in my pocket.
This book should help you a lot.
This book may well be useful to you.
This book has 252 pages exclusive of illustrations.
This book isn't interesting at all.
This was the best-selling book last week.
This book is fundamental for an understanding of biology.
This book belongs to the library.
This book deals with anthropology.
This book is new.
This book was new.
This book deals with psychology.
This book is worthy of praise.
This book gave me a good laugh.
This book is very popular among women.
This book is small.
This book is suitable for beginners.
This book is written in easy English for beginners to understand.
This book is a good guide for beginners.
This book is written in such easy English as beginners can understand.
This book is hot off from the press.
This book is heavy.
This book is chiefly concerned with the effects of secondhand smoking.
This book is within the capacity of young readers.
This book has a lot of pictures.
You can't take away these books.
This book deals with facts.
This book is above my understanding.
This book is better than any I have ever read.
This book belongs to me.
This book is mine; I wrote my name in it myself.
This book seems easy to me.
This book is too dear for me.
This book is easy for me to read.
This book is quite above me.
This book is far above me.
This book will be of great use to us.
This book is too difficult for me to understand.
This book is easy enough for me to read.
This book is hard for me to read.
This book is adapted for children.
This book is easy enough for children to read.
This book is within the capacity of children.
This book is meant for children.
This book is divided into four parts.
This book costs 3,000 yen.
The last leaf of this book is missing.
This book is selling well these days.
This book is too expensive. I can't afford to buy it.
This book is too expensive.
This book has few, if any, misprints.
This book goes on the top shelf.
This book consists of five chapters.
This book is old.
This book is full of figures of speech.
This book deals with the new theory of linguistics.
This book is his best effort to date.
This book is abridged from the original.
This book deals with the uses of atomic power.
This is an old book with a new face.
Is this book Takeo's?
This book will be helpful to your study.
This book belongs to you.
Is this book yours?
This book is easy for you to read.
This book will do you more harm than good.
I am sure this book will be of great use to you.
This book is so absorbing that I can't put it down.
This book is full of mistakes.
This book is interesting except for a few mistakes.
Written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
This book is popular with students.
This book is a must for every student studying English.
This book is of great use to us.
This book has become widely read in our country.
This book is worth reading again and again.
This book is still interesting even after reading it many times.
This book is worth reading over and over again.
This book has undergone several translations.
What heading does this book come under?
How small this book is!
What is the book about?
How old this book is!
I bought this book at the bookstore in front of the station.
This book was printed in England.
This book is written in English.
This is the most interesting.
Put this book on top of the others.
This book deals with the invasion of the Romans.
This book ought to be a good seller.
This book sells well.
This book is written in simple English.
I bought this book for less.
This book is worth reading again.
Are you through with this book?
Are all these books yours?
This book is still copyrighted.
This book was written by Haley.
How long can I keep this book?
This book is Tony's.
This book is so amusing that I could go on reading for hours.
This book is really interesting.
This book being very difficult, I can't read it.
This book is very new.
This book is very small.
This book will give you great pleasure.
This book is so easy that a child can read it.
This book is easy enough for them to read.
Return this book as soon as you can.
This book can't go into the bag.
This book is a little out of date.
This book will do more harm than good.
This book is available at one shop only.
This book is of great use.
This book is very interesting.
This book probably won't be all that useful.
This book is the smallest of all the books.
This book is designed to teach children how to read.
This book is sold here.
This book is not sold here.
This book, which was once a best seller, is now out of print.
This book is at once interesting and instructive.
This book is not only interesting but also instructive.
This book is interesting and, what is more, very instructive.
This book deals with life in the United Kingdom.
This book is on the manners and customs of America.
This book is smaller than that one.
This book is even more interesting than that.
This book is less large than that one.
This book is not as easy as that one.
This book isn't as interesting as that book.
This book is not only more instructive but more interesting than that book.
This book is as small as that one.
This book is as interesting as that book.
This book is suitable for your needs.
Does this book belong to you?
This book will be of great use to you.
This book has gone through eight editions.
This book is easy enough for a five-year-old child to read.
This book is composed of three chapters.
This book is missing two pages.
This book is very good except for a few mistakes.
Though this is a bulky book with over 1000 pages, I will have read it all by this time next week.
This book, which I've read twice, was a gift from Peter.
This book is of great value to students of science.
This book is smaller.
This book is older than that one.
This book is much more useful than that one.
The stories in the book are written for her.
This book is so difficult that I can't read it.
Who is the author of this book?
The author of this book is still young.
Every sentence in this book is important.
The cost of the book is 4 dollars.
The hero of the book rails at the injustices of the world but does nothing about them.
The last chapter of this book.
The price of this book has been reduced by half.
Give me your impression of this book.
Is there a paperback edition of this book?
All the characters in this book are imaginary.
The stories which you will read in this book deal with some of the many problems which face young people.
Do you feel any attraction for this book?
This book says the earliest man-made bridges date back to the New Stone Age.
My life has been changed by this book.
This book has many beautiful pictures.
This book is beautifully illustrated.
This book contains a lot of short stories.
This book contains many pictures.
Many English proverbs are collected in this book.
What is written in the book?
This book contains a lot of photos.
This book contains the complete works of Shakespeare.
This book has a certain value.
Could I have your autograph on this book?
I enjoyed this book so much!
Where does this book go?
Which is easier to read, this book or that one?
Which is older, this book or that one?
Which book is older, this one or that one?
Which is easier, this book or that book?
It's this book.
In this book, the writer contrasts Japan with America.
This book will do.
You're going to get much publicity with this book.
Please ask whether they have this book at the library.
I cannot do without this book.
If it were not for this book, I couldn't study.
You'll find this book very interesting.
I would like this book.
This book will awaken your imagination.
This pole is sharp at the end.
This telescope must be used carefully.
With this telescope stars and dreams can be seen.
Tell me whose hat this is.
What does this hat remind you of?
This hat will become her.
This hat does match the brown dress.
This cap is too small. Please show me another.
This hat is too small for me.
This hat is mine.
This hat suits me nicely.
This hat is a little too small for me.
This hat doesn't fit me.
This hat goes together with the dress.
This hat is too tight for me.
What is the price of this cap?
This hat is less expensive than that one.
Is this hat yours?
Does this cap belong to you?
This hat is too big for you.
This hat cost me $10.
This hat is cheap at 1000 yen.
I paid ten dollars for this cap.
This law will benefit the poor.
This law shall have effect in Japan.
This law does not apply in Japan.
We should reform this law.
This law will deprive us of our basic rights.
This law applies to everybody.
This law is applicable to all cases.
This law came into existence in 1918.
What these acts said was that it was illegal to pay someone in anything other than coin of the realm.
This rule cannot be applied in every case.
This method is of wide application.
This method has no application to the case.
This method is sure to work.
It is doubtful whether this method will work.
There is no access to the building from this direction.
Show this gentleman to the front door.
He was in the world.
He was with God in the beginning.
This is the guide who took us around the castle.
This would be better than that.
This news is official.
This report admits of doubt.
What does this news augur?
The report has yet to be confirmed.
I have been typing this report since this morning, but I'm only halfway through.
Could you put this report into Italian for me?
This report isn't to the point.
This report is not perfect.
Make a copy of this report.
This report is free from errors.
Will you glance through this report?
This report confirms his betrayal.
The report made much of that fact.
This package has been left here by him.
This vowel change has much to do with the overall accent pattern assigned to each word.
This insurance covers everything.
What time do you start boarding?
Does this flight make any stop-overs?
Is the flight on schedule?
This answer almost amounts to a threat.
This answer made him angry.
You've got to carry a gun in this area.
Traffic is heavy around here.
Recently, there are a lot of burglaries around here.
Is there a mailbox near here?
Is there a bank near here?
This neighborhood has more homeless people than you can shake a stick at.
There are no houses around here.
It is high time we aired some of our gripes.
I'm quite a stranger around here.
Apples are produced in this district.
Do you know this part of the city very well?
I know my way around here.
Mrs Ogawa is familiar with this neighbourhood.
The mountains in this part of the country are full of variety.
Are you familiar with this area?
Could you suggest a good beauty parlor near here?
Are there any good restaurants around here?
Is gas available in this neighborhood?
Don't stay around here.
Is there a supermarket near here?
Is there a gas station around here?
Did you see a brown wallet around here?
Let's wind up our work.
Let's quit here and continue tomorrow.
At times, it snows even in April around here.
Can I catch a taxi near here?
I think it's around here.
Who owns this villa?
We can get a glimpse of the lifestyle of ancient people from this wall painting.
This wall feels cold.
This wall feels very cold.
Don't lean against this wall.
This fence leans to the left a little.
It took me two hours to memorize this sentence.
How do you interpret these sentences?
You should rewrite this sentence.
This sentence states exactly how the writer feels.
This sentence doesn't make sense.
The passage admits of no other interpretation.
This document is for your eyes only.
Can he write this character?
Let's learn this sentence by heart.
This sentence is grammatically correct.
You should rewrite this sentence. It doesn't make sense.
The meaning of this sentence is ambiguous.
Make this sentence a little shorter.
This sentence may be interpreted another way.
Will you please explain the meaning of this sentence to me?
You can't understand this sentence, can you?
You have to take this powder after each meal.
I don't know anything with respect to this area.
Japan caught up with the United States in this field.
Many scientists are working in this field.
The approach employed in this analysis was as follows.
The analysis gives the following results.
What does the word "get" mean in this sentence?
At this rate, we'll have to change the schedule.
This substance is not poisonous in itself.
This substance will mix with water.
This substance is mostly composed of hydrogen and oxygen.
The common state of this matter is solid.
This story is worth reading.
This story appeared serially in the Asahi.
This story is short enough to read in one lesson.
I'm afraid this story is too adult for children to appreciate.
This story is true.
This story is based on actual events.
This story is founded on fact.
This story is worth reading again.
This story may be adaptable for a television program.
This is a story about a cat.
All the events described in this story are imaginary.
The heroine of this story is a little girl.
This story is by far the most interesting of all.
This Buddhist image cannot be dated exactly.
I can't stand this stomach-ache.
This cloth is sold by the yard.
This style of costume originated in Paris.
I like that dress better than this one.
I think this suit is vastly superior to that one in quality.
I think this suit is much superior to that one in quality.
This dress shrank, and what's more it faded.
Does your dress become me?
This dress is much too large for me.
These clothes are not appropriate for a cold winter day.
This suit is too good for me.
This dress creases easily.
I like the silhouette these clothes give me.
Does this dress look OK on me?
What sort of jewelry are you going to wear with this dress?
I like this skirt. May I try it on?
This custom dates back to the 12th century.
I'm trying to throw this cold off.
It'll take me a long time to get over my cold.
I can't get rid of this cold.
This wind is a sign of a storm.
Write your name and address on this envelope.
We must buy a new carpet for this room.
You are free to use this room.
I want you to have this room clean and tidy.
This room is air-conditioned.
This room gets a lot of sunshine.
This room is for VIPs.
This room has fine ventilation.
This room doesn't get much sunshine.
This room gets sunshine.
This room is pleasant to work in.
This room is too hot to study in. I can't stand it any more.
This room heats easily.
This room will do for large meetings.
This room is for rent.
This room is very stuffy.
This room is used by teachers.
This room is my bedroom, and the other one is my office.
This room is anything but warm.
This room is too hot for us to work in.
It is hot in this room.
This room is twelve feet by twenty-four feet.
This room is large enough.
This room rents at 50 dollars a week.
This room is very small, so it is impossible to put more furniture in it.
Can I use this room freely?
This room is too small for us.
This room can hold three hundred people.
This room doesn't get a lot of sun.
This room is for individual use.
The room is anything but small.
Smoking is not allowed in this room.
This room is cramped.
This room is well furnished.
This room is just about big enough.
This room looks like a pigsty.
This room is awfully cold.
This room is very warm.
It is very hot in this room, isn't it?
I am quite comfortable in this room.
This room is not very large.
This room will soon heat up.
This room smells of gas.
This room is used for various purposes.
This room gets little sunshine.
This room does not get much sun.
In this corner of the room I'd like to put a house-plant.
The air in this room is foul.
How much is the rent for this room?
This room has three windows.
There is a desk in this room.
There is too much furniture in this room.
There is much furniture in this room.
There is much hatred in this room, and little kindness.
There is no chair in this room.
There are hardly any books in this room.
There is a television in this room.
This room has air conditioning.
This room is capable of holding fifty persons.
Do you know any of the boys in this room?
This room is too small to contain 50 men.
There are ten people in this room.
Don't play in this room.
Don't read in this room.
You can eat lunch here in this room.
What goes on in this room?
You had better not speak loudly in this room.
Never be noisy in this room.
Do not run in this room.
You may not smoke in this room.
Please take off your hat here in this room.
Would you mind not smoking in this room?
You can smoke in this room.
You cannot smoke in this room.
Please refrain from smoking in this room.
The desk seems small in this room.
The table takes up a lot of space in this room.
Don't smoke in this room.
You can't smoke in this room.
Don't be noisy in this room.
Make yourself at home in this room.
Don't you think the air conditioner is turned up too high in here?
It was in this room that we had the meeting last Friday.
This room commands a fine view of the city.
The view from this room is wonderful.
This room has fine view of the mountain.
Who's in charge of this section?
These grapes are ripe.
I'll get even with you for this insult!
This carpet does not match the curtain.
This cloth wears well.
This cloth will not last long.
This material will stand up to lots of washings.
This cloth tears easily.
This is impermeable to water.
This cloth will not turn color.
This cloth is agreeable to the touch.
This cloth adheres to the skin.
This cloth absorbs water well.
This cloth is good in quality for its price.
This cloth feels soft.
This cloth feels smooth.
This cloth is made of cotton.
This cloth feels like velvet.
There are many modern buildings around here.
Why don't you polish the shoes with this cloth?
What shall we do with this delinquent girl?
This misery resulted from his laziness.
There is almost no water in this bottle.
This jar can hold two liters of hot water.
Could you put these in a box?
Can I exchange this with something else?
This article is high quality.
This article is for sale.
There is no market for these goods in Japan.
These articles are all exempt from duty.
This article is cheap.
You can't find this article everywhere.
The price of this article does not cover the cost of its manufacture.
There is a good market for these articles.
This garment is exchangeable within three days.
Please pay the tax on the items over there.
Is there any tax on this?
At present it is medically impossible to cure this disease.
How does this disease spread?
We know very little about the cause of this disease.
Not many survive this disease.
This hospital is run by the city.
All the nurses of this hospital are very kind.
This hospital has a lot of new equipment.
There is much demand for nurses in this hospital.
In this hospital each nurse attends five patients.
The figures in this table are shown in thousands.
This list is inclusive of the past members of the group.
You may choose what to eat from this list.
Patterns of freeze-up and breakup influence the distribution and number of seals, the polar bear's main prey.
This ice is too thin to bear your weight.
This ice is going to crack.
Will the ice bear?
This encyclopedia is issued in monthly parts.
This encyclopedia is beyond the reach of an ordinary student.
This encyclopedia belongs to my wife.
Give me a knife to cut this string with.
The swimming pool is open to the public.
This art collection is rich in paintings by Dutch masters.
Admission to the museum is thirty dollars.
This museum is equipped with a fire prevention system.
This beautiful house is so expensive that we can't buy it.
Where did you get this beautiful dress?
This beautiful dress is made of silk.
This plane is his.
Our plane is flying toward the south.
This plane flies nonstop to Tokyo.
This plane flies between Osaka and Hakodate.
This plane can fly at 800 miles an hour.
This airplane accommodates 400 passengers quite comfortably.
This machine was manufactured in France.
This airplane is capable of carrying 40 passengers at a time.
Is this plane on schedule?
When does this plane reach Narita?
What time shall we arrive at Sapporo if we take this plane?
Is a meal served on this flight?
Who is going to pick up the tab for this?
In this secret code, each number stands for a letter of the alphabet.
What is the real cause of this tragedy?
This novel of his is inferior to the previous one.
Do you want to watch this program?
This program is a rerun.
This program has become stereotyped.
I wonder when this program will continue till.
This program is beamed from US to Japan.
Will you record this program on video for me?
Please call me at this number.
Can you try this number again?
There are five ways to emancipate themselves from the bond of worldly passions.
This vending machine takes only hundred-yen coins.
This criminal is a victim of his heredity.
The influence of this crime on society was great.
The law prescribes certain penalties for this offence.
This edition is limited to seven thousand copies.
This board bores easily.
This style of hairdressing first appeared in the early 19th century.
I would like my hair in this style.
This invention was the result of years of patient experiment.
This power station alone provides several cities with electricity.
This discovery will be recorded in history.
These fields produce fine crops.
Take away this box.
Please open this box.
Shall I help you with this box?
Can I have this box carried upstairs?
This box is full of books.
This box is light enough for him to carry.
This is a false bottom pan.
This box is a different colour to that one.
This box is made of paper.
This box is light enough to carry.
This box is a trifle too heavy.
This box is empty. It has nothing in it.
This box will do for something.
This box will serve as a chair.
This box was made by Tony.
This box will serve as a table.
This box is too bulky to carry.
This box is so large that it cannot go into my bag.
This box is too heavy for me alone to lift.
This box is not as big as that one.
This box is three times as big as that one.
This box is twice as large as that one.
The eggs in this case are fresher than those in the other case.
What is in this box?
There's nothing in this box.
The lid of this box won't lift.
I will give you whatever is in this box.
Do you know how to open this box?
This box contains apples.
This box contains five apples.
This box is filled with apples.
This box must be large enough for all these books.
This box weighs a ton. What's inside?
This bomb can kill many people.
This thin book is mine.
This white coat will look very nice on you.
Help me pick out a tie to go with this suit.
I want a tie to go with this suit.
Those ruins were once a splendid palace.
This stable contains twelve stalls.
I cannot hold the horse.
This horse kicks when anyone comes up from behind.
This showy dress isn't appropriate for me.
This farm yields enough vegetables to meet our needs.
This farm yields enough fruit to meet our needs.
While this group has a great deal of spending power, it is not working, and therefore, not producing anything.
This yearbook is illustrated with a lot of beautiful photographs.
This source is dependable and predictable, but more research is still needed in this area.
This cat doesn't chase rats.
This cat is as big as that one.
This cat is, so to speak, a member of our family.
I'll afraid this kind of meeting isn't getting us anywhere.
This duty has priority over all others.
Let's play this Sunday.
I'm free on Sunday.
We're having a sukiyaki party this Sunday.
Put this Japanese into English.
We visit the tombs of our ancestors on this day.
This meat has gone bad.
This meat can be preserved long.
This meat smells bad.
The meat is only half cooked.
The meat is tough.
This meat cuts easily.
This meat is roasted well.
This is good meat.
I'd like to have this meat dish with your best white wine.
These two leaves look alike.
These two brothers resemble each other.
The second test is a great improvement on the first.
There is not much difference between the two.
Choose between these two.
You've got to take the bull by the horns!
Do you think there is another answer to this difficult problem?
This pan has several uses.
Summarize the contents in 60 English words.
This pork is a bit off.
How much is this pork a kilo?
This limited express is bound for Sendai.
We must pay a toll to drive on this road.
This road connects the two cities.
This road connects Tokyo with Osaka.
This road is of great importance.
This road is closed to cars.
There is little automobile traffic on this road.
This road is closed to traffic for construction work.
There is a great deal of traffic on this road.
There is heavy traffic on this road.
This road is full of sharp turns.
This road extends to the coast.
Since there are no buses on this road, we will have to walk.
This road is so broad that buses can pass easily.
This road goes to the city.
What's the speed limit on this road?
This tool lends itself to many purposes.
This tool is of great use.
This tool is good for nothing.
If it is used properly, this tool will be a great help.
This tool, if used carelessly, can be very dangerous.
You can't go along this road. It is under repair.
There is a bus stop down the road.
This road will take you to the museum.
This road will lead you to the monument.
This road leads you to the station.
Will I get to the station if I take this road?
Will this road take me to the station?
This road will take you to the station.
This road will lead you to the station and the city center.
This road will lead you to the center of town.
This road will lead you to the airport.
This road will take you down to the edge of Lake Biwa.
This road will lead you to the park.
This road will take you to the post-office.
Where does this road lead to?
This road leads you there.
Go in the field.
Go down this road until you get to a traffic light and then turn left.
This road will lead you to the station.
Go straight ahead on this street.
It's just down the street on your left.
Go straight along this street.
Go straight ahead along this street.
Go along this street about five minutes.
You can't go along this road.
This path will lead you to the shrine.
This is an uphill road.
This road leads to Hong Kong.
This road leads to the public hall.
This road goes to the park.
This road leads to the airport.
This road curves gently to the right.
This road is too narrow for cars to pass.
Where does this street lead to?
This road joins the highway there.
There are always a lot of vehicles on this road.
There is not much traffic on this road.
What is the breadth of this road?
Am I on the right road?
This fairy tale is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
What do you call this animal in Japanese?
This animal is just working for rewards.
This animal is very clever.
This animal is bigger than that one.
There seems to be some genetic problem with this animal.
These animals were startled by the noise of the fireworks.
Can you conjugate this verb?
Are you in favor of this motion?
This transparent liquid contains a kind of poison.
This transparent liquid contains poison.
If you stand on this stool, you can reach the top of the closet.
He remained dumb during this discussion.
We ended this discussion.
In these statistics Egypt is classed as an African nation.
This answer may not necessarily be wrong.
This peach is a beauty.
The scenery about here is very beautiful.
This island belonged to France in the 19th century.
Most snakes on this island are harmless.
This tower commands a full view of the city.
This sword has a strange history.
Colds are prevalent this winter.
We have had more snow than usual this winter.
We've had a lot of storms this winter.
We had less snow this winter than we had expected.
We are having a mild winter.
Snow fell early this winter.
We have had a lot of snow this winter.
This winter the record for snowfall was broken.
We've had a very hard winter.
It is likely to be cold this winter.
This winter has been mild.
In this winter, it seems that it gets very cold.
There has been a lot of sickness in my family this winter.
This was the coldest winter in twenty years.
I hear this is the coldest winter we have had in the past ten years.
I'm looking forward to visiting your country this winter.
This land belongs to Mr Ikeda.
It's wasteful to leave the land lying idle.
Who owns this land?
This land gives good crops.
This land is my property.
This site is ideal for our house.
This land belongs to the Royal Family.
This land yields a good crop of rice.
The climate here does not agree with me.
The climate here is generally mild.
A part of this land is mine.
The law forbids the building of any skyscraper on this land.
Nothing seems to grow in this soil.
This earth is moist owing to the recent rain.
This city is famous for its beautiful park.
This city is called the Japanese Denmark.
There is a severe shortage of water in this city, so we must give up having a bath occasionally.
This city is 1,600 meters above sea level.
What is the area of this city?
The population of this city is on the increase.
This city has a big TV station.
Could you tell me how to call this number?
There's a telephone book for you to see.
May I use this telephone?
This telephone is out of order.
This telephone is connected to the fax machine.
Can I make a credit card call on this public phone?
Can I make an outside call by this phone?
I'd like you to send this telegram at once.
This battery is charged.
How long will this battery last?
This train stops at every station from Nakano on.
This train rides very well.
This train gets to Chicago at 9 o'clock tonight.
This train is bound for Boston.
Where's this train bound for?
If this train is delayed, we shall miss our connection at Kobe.
I should have tried out this electric shaver before buying it.
You clown you.
This country road leads to a small town ten miles away.
This tradition has been passed down from generation to generation.
To see this point, look at the table below.
It is better to ignore this point.
This point deserves special emphasis.
Opinions vary on this point.
Special care should be taken on this point.
I have nothing to say in this regard.
Opinion is divided on this point.
I will grant that you are right on this point.
We can not agree with you on this point.
She can not go along with you on this point.
This is where we absolutely disagree with you.
I fall behind him in this respect.
It is on this point that our opinions differ.
I cannot agree with you on this.
We agree on this point.
This is where I absolutely disagree with you.
This store doesn't stay open as late as I'd like.
I suggest you should do away with this shop.
This store enjoys a geographical advantage.
This shop carries men's clothing.
The store sells foodstuffs, such as butter, cheese, and sugar.
This shop deals in women's clothing.
This store is operated on a cash basis.
This store carries household equipment.
This shop is a rental video shop.
There is a large choice of bags in this shop.
This store has a variety of spices.
This store always closes at eight.
This store is closed at nine.
This store is opened at eight.
That store employs twenty clerks.
Can I reserve a bottle and have you keep it here for me?
What's your speciality?
The manager of this store is growing a beard.
The sushi at this shop tastes good.
I had to compromise on this point.
There are many postcards in this store.
Are there any bags in this shop?
Stamps are not sold in this store.
This shop can supply all your requirements.
Do you have any tax-free articles?
They sell meat at this store.
You are expected to appear well here at the shop.
Liquor is not sold at this store.
You can hire a bicycle by the hour at this shop.
You are expected to dress well for this shop.
This shop sells articles of all kinds.
Will the fine weather keep up till tomorrow?
This weather is not good for the crops.
I hope the weather will hold for another day.
How long will this nice weather last?
I can't fancy going out in this weather.
I cannot fancy going out in this weather.
There is no going out in this weather.
I hope the weather will hold until Sunday.
This iron sheet is coated with tin.
A sprain like this should heal within a week or so.
This sum of money won't go far.
All in favor of this proposition will please say Aye.
This initiative follows the DCA phone conference on Dec 17 attended by 40 people from 27 firms.
This garden is at its best in summer.
This garden is open to the public.
This beautiful garden owes more to art than to nature.
There are a lot of roses in this garden.
There are plants of different kinds in this garden.
This ruler has the scale in millimeters.
I need to escape from this decree.
Take a no. 5 bus at this bus stop.
We all hope that this cease-fire will make for world peace.
Walking along this street, I often see a friend of mine.
Go two blocks and turn left.
Go straight down this street and turn right at the third light.
It is very dangerous to cross this street.
Just go up this street for about 200 meters.
Go along this street and you'll come to the post office on the left.
Go down this street three blocks.
Go two blocks along this street and turn left.
This street is clear of traffic at night.
This street is lively.
This street runs due north.
There is a constant flow of traffic on this road.
This avenue is wide but not very long.
There is heavy traffic on this street.
Traffic is heavy on this street.
There is heavy traffic in this street.
This road is too narrow for trucks to pass.
How noisy this street is!
All the motels on this road are full.
You must not park the car in this street.
If you follow this street, you will get to the station.
Go along this street and turn right at the bank.
Written in plain style, as it is, his paper is easy to read.
I need some medicine to kill the pain.
I can't bear this pain.
I can't stand this pain any more.
Can you obtain this rare book for me?
How did you come by those rare books?
What do you call this bird?
This bird cannot fly.
This bird lives neither in Japan nor in China.
This bird is in danger of dying out.
This bird can imitate the human voice.
This hen does not lay eggs at all these days.
How long is this?
This bird's large wings enable it to fly very fast.
This style of cooking is peculiar to China.
At this rate, we won't be able to buy a house.
This survey is too long to finish quickly.
Do you have any sightseeing tours of this town?
Is this your first visit to this town?
I'm quite a stranger in this town.
The city was ruined by the brutal force of nature.
How do you like this town?
This town is dear to us.
This city is not so busy as it used to be.
This town isn't lively.
This is a gorgeous town.
This town still retains something of the old days.
This town is quite different from what it was ten years ago.
This city is hard to live in.
This town is really dead at night.
Public morals have been corrupted in this town.
It's difficult to keep order in this town.
The population of this city is decreasing every year.
This town is increasing in population.
The population of this city has decreased.
The population of this town has been static for the last ten years.
Everyone in the city appears to be constantly on the go.
The women in this town will want flowers to put in their houses.
What is the main industry in this town?
Our city's transport problems are minor when measured against capitals like London and New York.
The climate of this town is so mild that the thermometer seldom rises to thirty degrees, even in midsummer.
Do you have a sightseeing brochure for this town?
One out of three persons in this city has his own car.
Is there a museum in this town?
Is this the first time that you have come to this town?
How old were you when this town had the big fire?
Some parts of this city are very ugly.
I don't know anybody here in this town.
This town boasts a large public library.
There are a lot of people and cars in this city. It is a busy city.
There is an old church in this town.
There are four schools in this town.
How long have you been in this town?
The frequency of crime in the town is high.
This is the cheapest store in town.
How many times a week do they collect garbage in this town?
It's bigger than any other dog in this town.
This town gave birth to several great men.
Get away from this city.
This town gave to great men.
Please put down your name in this book.
There are many questionable points in this ledger.
This deposit bears three percent interest.
The author has a beautiful style.
Can you validate this parking ticket?
Keep this insect alive.
This order has just come in over the phone.
These beams will not carry the weight of the roof.
This used car is for sale.
This used car is as good as new.
The price of this used car is reasonable.
It's very stuffy in here.
Are any of these locations easy to get to by bus?
Are any of these within walking distance?
I would take this brown tie.
Will you put on this kimono?
How nice this cup is!
This tea smells good.
This pond doesn't run dry even in summer.
The pond abounds with carp.
There used to be a lot of frogs in this pond.
This local newspaper is published once a week.
Quite a few people were killed on the cold wave that hit this area.
A cold wave hit this district.
This district forms a basin.
This district is known for its beautiful scenery.
The community will benefit from the new industry.
This area is rich in marine products.
Do you have any regional dishes?
The young women of this district are well known for their beauty.
Typhoons are frequent in this region.
We get a lot of snow here in winter.
At this point the sea narrows into a strait.
From this point the climb became suddenly steep.
Can you tell me where I am on this map?
You'll find this map very useful.
A great many houses were damaged in the earthquake.
The sole equality on earth is death.
This part of the land belongs to my stepmother.
This area has been considerably built up of late.
There are few bookstores in this area.
We often come across Japanese tourists in this area.
We can get three stations in this area.
Every person in this community is like a cell in the immune system of a healthy human body.
This has been designated a conservation area.
This district is notorious for air pollution.
The area is built up now.
There are many stores in this area.
This area is devastated.
This area will continue to be rainy.
Water is scarce in this area.
This area is extremely isolated.
This area was first settled by the Dutch more than two hundred years ago.
It is necessary to look more carefully into the demographic configuration of this region.
Detailed maps for this area have not been drawn.
Unemployment in this part of the country is virtually nonexistent.
People living in this area are dying for want of water.
We must pay attention to the fact that no nation claimed sovereignty over this region.
The region has never been inhabited by people.
This district is free from environmental pollution.
This district attracts well-off people.
This area abounds in wild animals.
A forest fire broke out in this area.
It is the educational system that needs to be reformed in this area.
Stars can be seen at night in this area.
Stars can be seen clearly in this area.
Hunting is prohibited in this area.
Houses can't be built in this area.
Factory jobs are drying up in the local economy.
This news is important to us.
Please keep this news to yourself for a while.
This man is very, very old.
This man was charged with theft.
This boy has a strong and healthy body.
I'll answer for this man's honesty.
These men are used to hard work.
This paragraph is vague.
From this point we go on to an even more detailed examination of the concept of repression.
This heating system burns oil.
This group passes out information on such things as travel and health care, and encourages its members to vote on issues that affect this age group such as legislation regulating the insurance industry, medical care and housing.
This expedition will be expensive.
Leave out this word.
I'll look up this word in the dictionary.
Please look up this word in a dictionary.
Look up this word in the dictionary.
This word is difficult to pronounce.
What does that word mean?
How do you pronounce this word?
This word is derived from Latin.
This word is derived from German.
This word is not in common use.
Do you know how to pronounce this word?
Do you know the meaning of this word?
What is the meaning of this word?
I don't know what this word means. I'll look it up in the dictionary.
I don't understand this word.
This word has two meanings.
Can you tell me what this word means?
These shelves cannot support so many books.
Don't take out the books on this shelf.
The pickled radish needs a touch of salt.
The light is completely blocked out by the big tree.
What is all the fuss about?
There is a fairly small number of students at this university.
When was this university founded?
This college was established in 1910.
Some students in this university don't even know how to talk to teachers.
There are ten thousand students in this university.
Life at this college is nothing like I expected.
This big gate is disproportionate to the small garden.
Let's see what's happening in this big country.
This large type is easy on the eyes.
This large sofa would be out of place in a small room.
Look at this large map of America.
Where do you put the garbage in this kitchen?
Please don't place a vase on this stand.
With the token they could only go to the company shop and buy food or clothing from that shop.
This loan will carry very heavy interest.
The oranges in this bag are rotten.
This refill lasts half a year.
This experience will always remain in my memory.
The population of this village had decreased.
This village is free from air pollution.
There is no factory in this village.
There are many old men in this village.
There are fifty families in this village.
In this village, they lived a happy life.
The things in this village are cheaper than those in ours.
All this damage is the result of the storm.
I hope you will be pleased with this present.
I cannot accept this gift.
Along with this increase, there has been a change in the world's economic organization.
This statue was erected ten years ago.
This statue is as large as life.
This noise is something which I refuse to put up with.
This noise should be put up with.
I cannot put up with this noise.
This noise is annoying.
What's this noise?
I can't put up with this noise.
I can't tolerate this noise any longer.
I can't stand this noise any longer.
I can not bear this noise any more.
With this noise, I couldn't sleep a wink.
The noise is driving me crazy.
What is all this bother about?
This meadow abounds in frogs.
This device made it possible to turn sea-water into fresh water easily.
These windows look to the south.
By whom was this window broken?
This window has been broken for a month.
This window won't fasten.
This window won't open.
She is responsible for this broken window.
This window overlooks the whole city.
This window won't open. See if you can get it to move.
This vacuum cleaner makes a lot of noise.
This magnificent cathedral dates back to the Middle Ages.
This mouse was killed by my cat.
I do not want to reject this claim.
This organization relies entirely on voluntary donations.
This institution came into being after the war.
This organization cannot exist without you.
Since in this organization they're all chiefs and no Indians, it's a wonder any decisions get made.
This organization lacks unity.
If this organization is left as it is, it will soon go bankrupt; its recovery is as difficult as swapping horses while crossing a stream.
Generally speaking, the students of this class are very good.
This material never wears out.
The last volume is missing from this set.
The fifth volume of this set is missing.
It's been two years since I saw him last.
The last time I went to China, I visited Shanghai.
There is nothing new transpired since I wrote you last.
At the last office I went to I ran out of work after a couple of hours, which made the rest of the day rather boring.
It's been five years since I last saw you.
When did you visit Kyoto last?
How long has it been since we last met?
It is a long time since I saw you last.
She looked well when I last saw her.
Don't let me down as you did the other day.
Start reading where you left off.
Where did we leave off last time?
Several houses were damaged in the last storm.
I haven't seen him since last Sunday.
That girl couldn't take things down in longhand, let alone shorthand.
I spent last Sunday reading novels.
It happened that I was free last Sunday.
I remember riding home on a pickup truck last Sunday.
Last Sunday, Mary and I went to the library together.
Mother bought me a nice dress last Sunday.
I went skiing at Zao last winter.
I went skiing in Canada last winter.
Did you go to the last class?
What was the idea of leaving the cup upside down last time?
How were your last exams?
On my last visit to Kyoto I enjoyed myself very much.
The pond dried up last summer.
Last summer, I finally left the firm that I had joined twelve years before.
Last summer I had a chance to visit London.
The last time I called him, he was out.
Their food was great last time.
I found that she wore the same dress that I had seen her wear last time.
The last time I saw Kent, he was very well.
You seem to have made considerable progress since I saw you last.
Do you remember when I saw you last?
The other day I ran out of gas in the middle of a busy Interstate.
I name this ship the Queen Elizabeth.
This ship is driven by steam.
This ship is too big to pass through the canal.
This ship is not fit for an ocean voyage.
This ship is bound for Vancouver.
This boat goes through the jungle.
This boat sails through the Strait of Gibraltar.
What's the destination of this ship?
The length of this ship is 30 meters.
Divide this line into twenty equal parts.
This line represents the longitude.
This line is parallel to the other.
This line is parallel to that.
Where is the end of this line?
This line marks your height.
This diver's watch is a little too expensive.
This stain won't come out.
You can't use this washing machine.
Something is wrong with this washing machine.
This stopper does not fit the bottle.
Could you tell me how to use this washing machine?
This battle left Napoleon master of Europe.
This river is dangerous to swim in.
Can you swim across this river?
This river is beautiful.
This river flows south into the sea.
This river is going to overflow.
This river rises in the mountains in Nagano.
This river is 500 miles in length.
This river flows into the Pacific Ocean.
This river sometimes overflows after the thaw.
This river extends for hundreds of miles.
This river is about one third as long as the Shinano.
This river runs through my village.
This river is dangerous for children to swim in.
This river is polluted with factory waste.
What is the name of this river?
This river is not polluted.
This river is deep enough to swim in.
The river flows too fast to swim in.
This river is very dangerous to swim in.
This river flows too fast to swim in.
This river is dangerous to swim across.
This river is safe to swim in.
The river is the widest in Europe.
This river is deepest here.
This river runs into Lake Ontario.
This river is three times longer than that one.
This river becomes shallow at that point.
This river is dangerous to swim in, in July.
The current of this river is rapid.
How wide is this river?
This river is one mile across.
The water in this river is very clean.
This river is so polluted that fish can no longer live in it.
There is a bridge about one kilometer up this river.
That bridge across this river is the oldest in the town.
This river abounds in small fish.
This river abounds in trout.
The fish caught in this river are all nice.
The number of fish caught in this river was very small.
It's dangerous to swim in this river.
Is it safe to swim in this river?
Swimming is not allowed in this river.
This technical journal is above me.
Can you break this thousand-yen bill?
This heirloom shall be yours.
This teacher goes by the name of "Pops."
Danger ahead.
None of us knows what is in store for us.
I can't write with this dull pencil.
The road ahead is frozen.
What will come?
You are mad to go out in the snow without a coat.
The trains are running in this snow.
Take this folding umbrella with you. It might come in handy.
Can I cancel this ticket?
You may give this ticket to whoever wants it.
This is a free ticket.
This ticket allows you to stop over at any station.
This ticket is good for three days.
This ticket holds good only for two days after purchase.
This ticket holds good for a month.
This ticket is good for one more week.
Could you change the departure date for this ticket?
The ticket admits two persons.
Can I see the special exhibit with this ticket?
This ticket will admit two persons free.
This ticket admits two persons.
I'll give you either of these stamps.
Whose image is on this stamp?
The red kills the whole pattern.
The baby cannot use a spoon yet.
Is this baby a he or a she?
This baby is 3 weeks old.
This red hat corresponds well to her dress.
How much for this red hat?
You have only to push this red button.
Who is ultimately responsible for this?
This soap will improve her complexion.
Help me move this stone.
Can you lift this stone?
This stone is too heavy to lift.
This stone is too heavy for me to move.
This stone was so heavy that I could not lift it.
This stone is twice as heavy as that one.
This stone weighs five tons.
This stone has a hole in the center.
This soap lathers up with water.
Will you keep this seat for me?
Will you hold this seat for me?
Can you save this seat for me?
Could you take me to this seat?
Is this seat taken?
I hope this seat is not occupied.
Where's this seat?
Is this seat empty?
I can't see the stage well from this seat.
I'm about tired of this quiet life.
Hunting game is forbidden in these tranquil woods.
Hunting game is forbidden in this tranquil wilderness.
This blue sweater is very pretty.
The payment of this bill is due today.
This work is beautifully finished.
These products are selling like hot cakes.
This product is made in Italy.
These products are superior to theirs.
This product brought us a large margin.
Please order this product by February 15, and we will be able to deliver it before March 15.
This material is not suitable for a dress.
Each of these students has his or her own opinion.
This material stretches easily.
This fabric stains easily.
This cloth is superior to that.
This cloth irons well.
I want a suit made of this material.
I'm going to make this material into a skirt.
I want to buy this material for a new dress. How much does it cost?
I'm tired of living this life.
I hope this fine weather lasts till the weekend.
This government is really putting the clock back.
This political problem gave rise to hot discussions.
This policy is sure to go a long way towards stimulating business.
Prices rose drastically as a result of this policy.
This system will work well in nine cases out of ten.
This system is bristling with defects and drawbacks.
There is no room for further improvement in this system.
We ought to look the world straight in the face.
Welcome to this world!
When did the world come into being?
If only there were no wars in the world.
This world is but canvas to our imaginations.
This world is but a place of passage.
There is nothing new under the sun.
Forget the anxieties of life and learn to relax.
The joys of the world do but little.
We cannot know everything in the world.
Can you imagine a time when the world is free of war?
There is nothing in this world that I am afraid of.
The day will come when I cease to be on this earth.
I don't have a care in the world.
There's only one pretty child in the world, and every mother has it.
What would the world do without tea?
Everybody in this world has to cope with a lot of difficulties.
The best thing in the world for a man is to choose a good wife, the worst being to mistakenly choose an ill-suited one.
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving.
There is nothing on earth that is not affected by the sun.
There is nothing in the world from which we can't learn something.
Nothing is as terrible as losing someone you love in the world.
We don't know when this world came into being.
The only thing in the world which one can never receive or give too much is love.
During these years he wrote immortal poems.
This figure is a mirror of the decrease in imports of crude oil.
Add up this column of figures.
This essay is about a piece of luggage.
This swimming suit is made of elastic material.
It is good to drink this water.
This water contains a little alcohol.
This water is a little salty.
This water is sterilized.
This water has an ugly smell.
This water is good to drink.
This water is safe to drink.
This water tastes good.
I am halfway through this detective story.
There are a great many books in this library.
This library has a large collection of Chinese books.
There are a lot of English books in this library.
Are there any English magazines in this library?
This library has over 50,000 volumes.
At this library, you can borrow up to three books at a time.
The illustration shows the deep interior.
This chart illustrates the function of ozone layer.
This diagram will illustrate what I mean.
These children are born not of natural descent, nor of human decision or a husband's will, but born of God.
Did you make this doll by yourself?
This crowd reminds me of the streets of Tokyo.
This doll belongs to me.
This figure is supposed to represent Marilyn Monroe, but I don't think it does her justice.
This doll costs only sixty cents.
This doll is a gift from my aunt.
This man has been blind for five years at least.
I'd like to buy this doll.
He came as a witness to testify concerning that light.
This fellow is an artist!
This is the man who they say stole the car.
These people are anything but innocent.
This is John and that is his brother.
Is this the girl you spoke well of the other day?
This man's shouting at me!
This gesture is familiar to young people.
Has anybody solved this mystery?
Destroy this temple.
It has taken forty-six years to build this temple.
These pearls look real.
Give me these 8 crimson apples please.
Fill in this application form and send it at once.
Please fill in this application form.
This offer does not meet our requirement.
There is a dense growth of vines in this forest.
There are many birds in this forest.
It is believed that ghosts exist in this forest.
You can see some wild rabbits in the forest.
You can see many animals in this forest.
This new medicine has a lasting effect.
This new medicine may aid your recovery.
The newspaper began to lose readers when it dispensed with one of its most popular writers.
This paper has a large circulation.
If you will not be available at the new time, please let us know.
We can offer these new products at 20% below list price.
This new singer is really great.
This new announcer keeps stumbling.
This new car will put other cars to shame.
This new model of car is so popular.
This modern machine dispenses with much hard labor.
This new model of car is so popular that they have had to open a new factory to meet the demand.
This new investment will multiply our profit.
This new soft drink is the best thing to drink this summer.
It is hoped that this new policy will create jobs on a large scale.
You will save time if you adopt this new procedure.
A feature of this new car is that if a drunk person is driving, the engine won't start.
Is this new model available on the market?
I am uncomfortable in these new shoes.
The new shoes pinch my feet.
I'd like to try out this new model before I buy it.
I'm getting the hang of this new machine.
With these new boots of mine, I hope to knock them dead.
This new bus service will meet the residents' needs.
This new necktie goes well with the suit.
What do you think of my new coat?
These new curtains don't go well with the rugs.
This food is unhealthy.
This food will keep for a week in an airtight container.
You had better keep this food under ten degrees.
This meal is adequate for two.
This diet is full of vitamins.
This food smells rotten.
This food does not agree with me.
This food contains all the minerals without which our bodies would not function.
This color becomes you.
Do you like this color?
Experience is requirement for this profession.
Please let me tell you a little bit about this position.
I'd like to have this fabric dyed.
This plant is dying for want of water.
This plant is good to eat.
The roots of the plant are greedy for water.
What are these tablets?
I'm far from happy about this situation.
I know the situation is very difficult for us.
This would enable us to compete more effectively with other agencies.
There is nobody who fulfils these conditions.
These conditions amount to refusal.
Supply me with this information as soon as possible.
This information is confidential.
Keep this information under your hat.
This information is not as up-to-date as it should be.
This information checks out all right.
You should treat this information in the main body of the text, not in the notes.
Is this information right?
I guarantee that this information is correct.
You're wrong in this case.
Can I use this area to raise vegetables?
Just right here?
Smoking is forbidden in this area.
Experience will tell in this case.
In this case, translation is, in effect, impossible.
The new rule holds good in this case.
Can we apply this rule in this case?
You can't apply this theory to this case.
Please allow me to say a few words on this occasion.
This castle is more beautiful than that.
This castle tower commands a panoramic view of the whole city.
This castle overlooks the city.
Try on both these coats and compare them.
Can you match this coat with something a little more colorful?
Why don't you try this jacket on? It looks nice with your trousers.
This coat is a little tight across the back.
This jacket has the virtue of being easy to wash.
This coat doesn't fit me.
This coat fits me very well.
This coat looks loose on me.
This coat must be altered.
This coat is rainproof.
This coat does not fit me any more.
What stuff is this jacket made of?
This jacket is a little too big.
Sign above this line.
The best laid plans of mice and men often go awry.
I am honored to be awarded this prize.
This bond is null and void.
This evidence was against him.
The evidence leaves no room for doubt; this can't be an original Picasso.
This evidence revealed him to be an embezzler.
It follows from this evidence that she is innocent.
From this evidence it follows that he is innocent.
From this evidence, it follows that he is not the criminal.
This portrait is nearly as large as life.
My uncle wrote this letter of introduction.
This chapter will focus on the concepts of geometry.
This chapter will focus on the riddles of the planets.
For how long will continue to have these symptoms?
Is this the first time you've had this symptom?
How long have you had this problem?
This promotion properly reflects the quality and diligence of your work.
The area of this floor is 600 square meters.
This boy denied having broken the window.
These boys are not good at speaking to girls.
Who is this girl?
These girls, who're my pupils, have come to see me.
Please take this parcel to the post office.
Will you mail this parcel for me?
Please send this parcel by sea.
I'd like to have this parcel registered.
I want to send this parcel at once.
I want you to send this parcel at once.
I'd like to mail this package to Canada.
This parcel is addressed to you.
This wheat is made into flour.
I have enjoyed reading this novel.
You cannot read this novel without crying.
Few students are interested in reading this novel.
It is hard to adapt this story for children.
It is difficult to understand this novel.
This novel is difficult to understand.
This novel was written by an American writer.
This novel is too difficult for me to read.
It is worthwhile to read this novel.
Every time I read this novel, I find it very interesting.
This novel is very imaginative.
This novel bores me.
This novel exercised a great influence on young people.
This novel is so easy that even a child can read it.
This novel consists of three parts.
I think this novel shows the author at his best.
This novel was translated from English.
The novel was adapted for a film.
The novel is very exciting.
This novel is interesting enough.
I have a good opinion of this novel.
This novel is both interesting and instructive.
This novel is by far more interesting than that one.
This novel is much longer than that.
This novel describes the life of the Japanese as it was a hundred years ago.
This novel is more interesting than the one I read last week.
Who is the author of this story?
Who do you think is the writer of this novel?
Endorse this check.
Please cash this check.
Can you cash this check for me?
Deposit this check in my checking account.
This check was not honored.
This check is payable to the bearer.
Will you honor this check?
This booklet is free of charge.
This hut is in danger of falling down.
This cottage reminds me of the one I was born in.
The scholarship enabled him to study abroad.
The goods are exempt from taxes.
This product is well known by its advertisement on television.
These goods are in great demand.
This article comes with a free gift.
There isn't much money in this business.
We paid a heavy price for this victory.
This weed killer does not harm human beings.
This lady is Indian.
She completed the trip in less than 20 hours.
This lady witnessed an accident at three o'clock this afternoon.
These girls are more charming than the ones I met yesterday.
The girl is not old enough to be responsible.
This is the girl that came yesterday.
Please get these papers out of the way.
In copying this paper, be careful not to leave out any words.
Will you take this document to the branch?
I want you to take this paper to her right away.
Please turn over these papers and explain the matter to me in detail.
Will you type this paper for me?
I'd like two copies of each of these documents.
Please make five copies of this document.
Will you sign your name on this paper?
The document clearly spells out the correct procedure for dealing with complaints.
Put your name on this document.
This form looks kind of complicated. Help me fill it out.
Fill out this form, please.
This study is my father's study.
I also use this study for receiving guests.
I don't like studying in this heat.
Don't go out in this heat with a bare head.
This heat will turn the grass brown.
I can't keep my coat on in this heat.
I would rather stay at home than go out in this hot weather.
Why do you have to stay in London in this heat?
Recently I have been feeling a little tired, so I have not gone swimming this week.
She turned down our offer of help.
She is saving money to go abroad.
This moment will be recorded in history.
During my last spring vacation I took a job in a restaurant to help pay the costs of my trip abroad.
Fill out this registration card, please.
I don't think that you did all this homework by yourself.
There is enough time to finish this homework.
This homework is difficult for me.
This assignment is to be handed in on Monday.
This homework will take very long.
Who does the gun belong to?
This gun has a range of 300 meters.
This gun is out of bullets.
I hope you can join us at these very important July DCA meetings and complement your stay by exploring some of the many affordable charms of Tokyo.
We'll need a head hunting agency to find the right man for this executive position.
Can you weigh this, please?
Please help me with this heavy baggage.
The soft blanket is fit for a baby.
This residential area is comfortable to live in.
Please take me to this address.
We request this address.
Are you free this weekend?
Please remember to come and see us this weekend.
The two strongest teams will clash with each other this weekend.
This weekly comes out once a week.
This custom has become firmly established among the Japanese.
This custom is peculiar to Japan.
This custom became extinct a long time ago.
This custom has been handed down from generation to generation.
This custom began in the Edo Period.
This custom dates from the Edo period.
This custom dates from ancient times.
This custom is unique to America.
We have had lots of typhoons this fall.
We expect stormy days this fall.
It is said that there will be a general election this fall.
They say there will be a general election this fall.
They are going to bring out "Romeo and Juliet" this coming fall.
The province is rich in mineral resources.
This lesson is cancelled tomorrow.
This subject is the most important.
This class will be over in ten minutes.
This liquor has a taste all of its own.
This species holds the record for long-distance migration.
I'd rather die than yield to this sort of demand.
The suit materials of this sort will not stand up well.
This kind of blanket needs good airing.
Few books of this character have come to my attention.
With this type of insurance, most policies don't come with a maturity refund.
This kind of bomb is a serious menace to mankind.
This type of cat has no tail.
Tails are absent in this type of cat.
This kind of specialized knowledge has very little to do with daily life.
I am accustomed to eating this sort of food.
This kind of plant grows only in the tropical regions.
These dictionaries are on the market.
This kind of case is amenable to statistical treatment.
Accidents of this kind often occur.
Events of that type generally arouse suspicion.
This sort of work calls for great patience.
This sort of work calls for a lot of patience.
These insects are widely distributed.
This kind of dog exists only in Japan.
This kind of experience is familiar to everyone.
This kind of experience is familiar to everybody.
This kind of shoe is apt to slip on wet ground.
A pair of leather gloves is a must when you work with these machines.
I think this kind of custom is unique to Asian countries.
This kind of music is something that older people have difficulty understanding.
Pollutants like this derive mainly from the combustion of fuel in car engines.
This type of blouse is beginning to be dated.
This kind of rose grows wild.
Their gloves are not in pairs.
These gloves kept her hands warm.
There's a lot of red tape involved in this procedure.
He said to himself, "Will this operation result in success?"
Would you mind mailing this letter for me?
Remember to mail this letter.
See to it that this letter is posted without fail.
Don't fail to mail this letter.
I'd like to fax this to Japan.
Will you mail this letter for me?
Don't forget to mail this letter first thing in the morning.
Will you express this letter?
I want this letter registered.
I want to have this letter registered.
When I have finished writing the letter, I will take you to the lake about two miles beyond the hill.
Please remember to mail this letter.
Please mail this letter for me.
Can you mail these letters for me?
Can you mail these for me?
You may be surprised to receive this letter.
Write back to me as soon as you get this letter.
Please call me on receiving this letter.
Would you be kind enough to write?
Will you mail this letter by airmail?
Send this letter by air.
Type this letter for me.
Please mail this letter for me at once.
You had better get this letter registered for fear it should be lost.
Who is this letter from?
This letter was written by Naoko last night.
This letter is personal, and I don't want anyone else to read it.
Must this letter be written in English?
This letter is wrongly addressed.
Was this letter written by Mary?
This letter is the only key to the mystery.
This letter is too long to have it translated at a reasonable price.
This letter has to be sent right away.
Was this letter written by Ken?
Will you stamp this letter for me?
This letter bears no signature.
This letter bears a foreign stamp.
There is nothing special interest to me.
Don't bother to answer this letter.
This letter says that he will arrive on Monday.
This letter purports to be his resignation.
I gathered from this letter that he was angry.
The letter showed what he really felt.
May this letter find you well and happy.
This handmade Italian-made titanium bicycle is terribly light.
Could you put this bag in another place?
I demand an explanation for this mistake.
I don't read this kind of book much.
These things always happen in threes.
This kind of work requires a lot of patience.
This kind of magazine can do harm to young people.
This sort of music is not my cup of tea.
This arrangement is only temporary.
I'll be no party to this arrangement.
There's a lot of money at stake in this transaction.
This highway saves us a lot of time.
You need to come to terms with your jealousy of this young man.
His victory at this age in an international competition is a good indication of a bright future.
You can't use this faucet. It's out of order.
This car must go.
Is this snake safe to touch?
The car is at your service.
You can put this car to use as you like.
I would like to have this car repaired as soon as possible.
This car must have had tough usage.
This car is used by my father.
This is the same type of car as my father has.
This car was so cheap that he could buy it.
This car was made in Japan.
This car is made in Japan.
This car won't start.
This car runs on natural gas.
This car isn't worth repairing.
I paid cash for the car.
This car is in good condition.
This car needs washing.
This car is as good as new.
This car is like new.
This car needs repairing.
It isn't worth repairing this car.
This car is not at my disposal.
This car is out of date.
This car is going 60km an hour.
This car is my father's.
This car is resistant to rust.
This is same car that we were in yesterday.
This car is the latest model.
This seems expensive, but it's so durable it will pay in the long run.
This car is going to break down.
This car is always breaking down lately.
This car has been used for the past ten years.
This car is running less smoothly than it used to.
This car is mine.
This car sells well.
We need to look for a gas station because this car will soon run out of gas.
This car handles very easily.
It seems that something is wrong with this car.
This car is built to serve such purposes.
This is the car with the most speed.
This car is no better than junk.
This car is not so nice as that one.
This car is better as compared with that one.
This car is very economical on gas.
This car has a better performance than that one.
This car is superior to that.
This car is as big as that car.
This car is bigger than that one.
This car accommodates five people.
This car can carry a load of 4 tons.
This car was selected the "car of the year".
I can not buy spare parts for this car.
What is the fuel mileage of this car?
What mileage do you get with this car?
The price of this car is discounted fifteen percent.
I had a Nissan before this one.
Please repair the car.
The price of this car is very high.
It is expensive running this car.
The tires of this car don't have enough air in them.
Something is wrong with the engine of this car.
This car has enough power to go up the mountain easily.
This car comes with an air conditioner.
The status of a doctor is very high in this community.
I find it apt to cause misunderstanding that society confers such emotional privileges upon youth.
I love this picture.
This shrine is sacred to Jupiter.
I want this photograph developed as soon as possible.
I never see this picture without thinking of my dead mother.
I never see this picture without thinking of my father.
I never see this picture without thinking of my young days.
I cannot look at this photo without being reminded of my school days.
I never see this photo without being reminded of my happy days in the countryside.
The picture reminds me of my student days.
I always view this photo with disgust.
I never see this picture without thinking of him.
These pictures always remind me of the old days.
When I see this picture, I'm reminded of our holiday.
I never see this picture without being reminded of my childhood.
The picture reminds me of my family.
Every time I see this picture, I remember my father.
Every time I see this photo, I think of my father.
Please take a look at this picture.
Have a good look at this picture and find me in it.
Have a good look at this picture and tell me whether or not you can find me in it.
Have a good look at this picture.
How do you like these photos? I had them developed today.
The picture was taken by him.
This photograph reminds me of enjoyable times when I was a child.
Please call us when you see the cat in this picture.
Who is the girl in this picture?
Singapore looks very nice in this picture.
How quickly can you finish these pictures?
This grass is too wet to sit on.
Where is this play being performed?
This drama consists of just two short scenes.
This play has no humor in it.
This grass needs cutting.
You can't be too careful when doing this experiment.
The result of this experiment leads to our presumption that element T determines the entire structure.
We used the following procedures in this experiment.
It is of great significance in this experiment to accelerate the particle M in the horizontal direction.
You can't afford to be careless in this experiment.
This berry is good to eat.
This question is difficult to answer.
This question is by no means easy.
It is easy to answer this question.
Can you answer this question?
All I could mumble in response was that when I was a man of fifty, my mother would lean out of the window when I left and remind me not to drive too fast.
This fault results from my wrong decision.
I am responsible for this failure.
This failure is due to your mistake.
This failure was brought about by your own negligence.
We'll never live this fiasco down.
This turkey will serve five.
This increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession.
Would you mind my using this dictionary?
This turkey tastes good.
Can I use this dictionary?
I'll lend you this dictionary.
This dictionary is of great use.
This dictionary puts a special emphasis on usage.
This dictionary is handy in size.
You can depend on this dictionary.
This dictionary is useful to beginners, yes, and to advanced learners.
This dictionary is my sister's.
This dictionary doesn't belong to me.
This dictionary has been of great use to me.
This dictionary is of great use to me.
This dictionary is of great value to us.
This dictionary is great boon up to us.
This dictionary is adapted for high school students.
This dictionary is primarily intended for high school students.
This dictionary is expensive.
This dictionary contains about 40,000 headwords.
This dictionary is by far the best.
This dictionary is as useful as yours.
This dictionary is an abridged edition.
This dictionary is of great use for students.
This dictionary is written in English.
This dictionary is no good.
This dictionary is of little use.
This dictionary is very expensive, but is worth buying.
This dictionary contains not more than 20,000 words.
This dictionary is well adapted for beginners.
This dictionary is superior to that one.
This dictionary doesn't go very far.
This dictionary is every bit as good as that one.
This dictionary is as useful as that one.
This dictionary has 12 volumes.
This dictionary, of which the third volume is missing, cost me a hundred dollars.
The examples in this dictionary are easy to understand.
Every word in this dictionary is important.
Not every word in this dictionary is important.
The revision of this dictionary took six years.
There is plenty of room for improvement in this dictionary.
This dictionary contains a lot of information.
This dictionary contains not less than fifty thousand words.
This dictionary has a preface, not a foreword.
I can't do without this dictionary.
When you compare this dictionary with that one, you can easily see which is better.
Let's compare this dictionary with that one.
Will this dictionary do?
In this dictionary the pronunciation comes right after the headword.
I cannot do without this dictionary.
This vending machine is out of order.
This vending machine won't accept 500 yen coins.
This vending machine isn't working.
This car handles well.
This car runs on alcohol.
Can I use this bike?
This bicycle needs oiling.
Whose is this bicycle?
This car is easy to handle.
This bike is easy to ride.
This bicycle needs repairing.
This bicycle belongs to my brother.
This bike is used by my brother.
This bicycle belongs to me.
This bicycle has been left here since the beginning of this month.
This bike is awful; it's too heavy.
Oil this bicycle.
I had a terrible accident riding this bike.
If in this self-portrait I seem to be staring at you, I'm not.
The magnetite is attracted to the earth's magnetic field.
The lines of this field run between magnetic north and magnetic south at the two poles.
This remedy will do you good overnight.
Next time I come, I'll bring you some flowers.
I will win the game next time.
You will be able to sing better next time.
I will come earlier next time.
When can I see you next time?
I will see you on next Tuesday, that is to say, the 10th of September.
Please tell me about your town in your next letter.
Please bring me the book next time you come.
I will tell him about it when he comes next time.
I will make up for it next time.
Ask him when to get together next.
Look me up next time you are in Kyoto.
I wanted this watch so badly I could taste it.
The quality of craftsmanship in this clock company is unsurpassed.
I would buy this watch, except it's too expensive.
I would like to exchange this watch with a cheaper one.
You can have this watch for nothing.
This watch is a real bargain.
This watch is waterproof.
This watch is my father's.
This watch keeps bad time.
This watch is of great value.
This watch is made in Japan.
The clock does not run.
This clock isn't working.
This clock is electric.
What is the price of this watch?
I guarantee this watch to keep perfect time.
This clock is accurate.
This watch needs repairing. It gains 20 minutes a day.
This watch wants mending.
The watch keeps accurate time.
This watch is not mine but yours.
This watch is expensive.
This watch is similar to mine I lost yesterday.
This clock seems to be malfunctioning.
This clock is out of order.
This watch is shock-proof.
This watch is broken.
This watch cost me ten thousand yen.
This clock gains two minutes a day.
This clock loses three minutes a day.
This clock gains one minute a day.
Something seems to be wrong with this watch.
Something has happened to this clock.
This watch costs ten dollars at the most.
This watch was given me by my uncle.
This watch is far better than that one.
This clock is far more expensive than that.
This watch is superior to that one.
This watch is less expensive than that one.
This watch is twice as expensive as that one.
This watch is as expensive a gift as that bracelet.
This watch is meant for you.
This clock strikes the quarter hour.
This watch is ten minutes slow.
This watch is ten minutes fast.
They guarantee this clock for a year.
This watch keeps correct time.
Snowing at this time of the year is unusual.
There's a lot of traffic on the roads around this time of the day.
The roads are very crowded at this time of the day.
It's odd that there should be a light on in the office at this hour.
This is the time he normally arrives.
This temple dates from the 7th century.
This temple dates back to 780.
This temple is famous for its cherry blossoms.
This temple is said to have been built over 500 years ago.
Do you know which deity this temple is dedicated to?
The usual business hours in this office are from nine to five.
This fact must not be forgotten.
This situation requires nice handling.
Please bear this fact in mind.
This fact is all but unknown to them.
This fact bears witness to his innocence.
This fact is of little consequence.
The fact is apparent to the most casual observer.
In the light of this fact, it is clear that he is innocent.
This fact accounts for his ignorance.
This fact shows that he is innocent.
This fact shows that he is honest.
This fact shows that the earth goes round the sun.
This fact shows us that he is innocent.
This accident was brought about by his carelessness.
This accident has nothing to do with me.
This accident resulted from the carelessness of the driver.
You are responsible for this accident.
There were a number of reasons for this accident.
I'll answer for this accident.
About one hundred people were killed in this accident.
We must not make too much of this incident.
Who will try this case?
This event was good publicity for the company.
This incident led the movement to collapse.
Somebody must be at the bottom of this affair.
This case has an affinity with that one.
There must be something at the back of this matter.
I remember the event as clearly as if it had happened just yesterday.
There must be someone behind this affair.
Give me a hand with this case.
The police have few clues to go on in this case.
This job eats money.
We need a large amount of money for this project.
Little did I dream of my success in this business.
Let's keep an eye on this.
I have no time to explain this in detail.
I say this from my own experience.
I'll never tell this to anyone.
How did you come to know this?
This holds for most of us.
All this may sound strange, but it is true.
Don't tell Father about this.
There must be something at the bottom of all this.
In this regard, I agree with you.
In addition to this, there are other reasons.
Perhaps he could solve this problem.
Don't be so worked up over this thing. It will all blow over before you know it.
I have nothing to do with this matter.
We cannot praise him highly enough for this.
This weighed heavily on my mind.
There's no call to get angry over this matter.
This quenched my hope.
The implications of this did not at first sink in.
It follows from this that he was aware of the fact.
This all happened at Bethany on the other side of Jordan, where John was baptizing.
This toothbrush is not used by my mother.
Is this tooth sensitive to cold foods?
This tooth is decayed.
This tooth is wobbly.
This tooth is loose.
Translating this material calls for a lot of patience.
It is questionable whether this data can be relied on.
How boring this game is!
This game was put off.
We have this game on ice.
I don't want to lose this match.
This will be his first match in the public eye.
You can use a dictionary for this exam.
I prepared well for this examination.
This attempt resulted in failure.
This attempt has been less than a complete success.
Translating this poem is too much for me.
Who wrote this poem?
She must have been very young when she wrote this poem.
Let's learn this poem by heart.
Commit this poem to memory.
How do you interpret this poem?
I must learn this poem by heart.
This poem was written by a nameless poet.
This poem was originally written in French.
This poem is attributed to him.
This poem calls for great insight from the reader.
By whom was this poem written?
This poem is too much for me.
This poem reads like a piece of prose.
This poem was written by him last night.
This poem was written last night.
I need a pair of scissors to cut this paper.
The paper is too big for the envelope.
This paper has very good absorption.
I cannot tell which is the right side of this paper.
This paper is rough.
This paper does not absorb ink.
Please write your name at the bottom of this paper.
Would you mind writing it down on this piece of paper?
Please help me fill out this form.
This paper should be adequate for your purpose.
This thread tangles easily.
My friend here is not only a pianist, but also a composer.
Littering in this facility is subject to a maximum fine of $500.
I bought this ring at a certain place.
This ring is too big to wear on my finger.
This ring is expensive. Show me some cheap ones.
How much is this ring worth?
This ring lost its luster.
I can't get this splinter out of my finger.
Will you guide me around the city?
This city has been increasing in population year after year.
How large is the population of this city?
The mayor of this city was blamed for turning a deaf ear to the people's requests.
There are a number of movie theaters in this city.
There are a number of places to see in this city.
There are many amusements in the city.
It's the highest building in this city.
There are many movie theaters in this city.
This puppy is crying, because it is homesick for its mother.
I'm angry at the neglect of these children.
These children are neglected by their parents.
Give these children three pieces each.
The child is learning quickly.
This child solved the complicated mathematics problem easily.
It's not a pig; it's a monkey.
This child is as gentle as a lamb today.
This child is teething now.
This child has grown up normally.
This boy's intelligence is above average.
Put the kid into these clothes.
I don't believe the child came to Tokyo alone.
I want this work completed by two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
I'll be with you as soon as I finish this job.
I expected to finish this work, but I couldn't.
If we don't finish this job, we'll lose the next contract.
I will go out when I have finished this work.
I will read a book when I have finished this task.
To complete this work, the following working items are recommended.
I hope we can start this task next month.
This job will mean moving to another city.
It is impossible for me to finish this work in a day.
Go ahead with this work.
Let's finish this work as soon as possible.
You will have to take on someone to do this work.
This job makes tremendous claims on our emotional strength.
I've been in that line of work for five years.
I don't think I can get through all this work by five.
It is just out of the question for me to finish the work in a day.
This work doesn't pay.
This work must be finished by tomorrow.
This work is not necessarily easy.
This work is made for him.
This task is too much for him.
This work can be finished in half an hour.
This job pays 10,000 yen a day.
This work calls for special skill.
This work is simple enough for me to do.
This work is simple enough for a child to do.
I can't get this work done by anybody.
I do not want anyone for this job.
This job involves lots of hard work.
This job calls for skill.
This work is beyond me.
This job is too much for me.
This task is too much for me.
This job fulfils my expectations.
This job is beyond my ability.
This work is enough to break my back.
This work is difficult for us.
This task took three hours.
This job will take twice as long as I expected.
This work calls for a high degree of skill.
This work has to be finished by Monday.
This work is anything but easy.
This work is by no means easy.
Is the job too much for you?
Let me put this business in your hands.
I'll leave this work to you.
This job calls for practice.
This job doesn't pay.
I can't make heads or tails of this assignment.
This work does not meet our requirements.
The work doesn't need much effort.
It's nothing like desk work.
This job is not for every person in the battery.
This job is not for any person in the battery.
Do you think this job is fit for the man?
This work must be finished within two years.
This work can be done within a week.
This work took me 5 days, but it will take you as many weeks.
The accomplishment of this task took many years.
This job carries me all over the world.
I fear this work will take up most of my time.
Don't spare yourself in this work.
This job gives me the hump.
This job will call for a lot of money.
There is no future in this job.
Ability to operate a computer is critical for this job.
I don't get enough challenge in this job.
In this activity one immediately sees the result.
Experience counts in this job.
Little money will come from this business.
I wish this job was over.
You can go home after you have finished this work.
This job is my bread and butter.
I intend to take a month's vacation on completion of this work.
The manager said, "Let's begin with this job."
I can take a good long rest when this work is finished.
This job is killing me.
This device is actuated by a switch.
This mountain path ascends to the beautiful lake.
It's dangerous to climb this mountain.
This mountain is difficult to climb.
It's very pleasant here in the mountains.
This mountain is among the highest in the world.
This mountain scenery is very beautiful.
What is the height of this mountain?
Climbing this mountain is very difficult.
We found out recently that some foxes live here on this mountain.
Did you know that some foxes lived on this mountain?
In all likelihood, you will pass the entrance exam if you use this textbook.
This reference is valuable for my research.
This reference book is of benefit to you all.
This man who has an umbrella is Ken.
I'll take this umbrella.
This umbrella will be hers.
These dishes don't retain heat very well.
The three organizations are the International Monetary Fund, the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.
You should get rid of these weeds.
Do you want to read this magazine?
May I have this magazine?
This magazine is issued every month.
This magazine carries much news of importance.
Don't throw away this magazine. I haven't read it yet.
Don't throw away this magazine.
This magazine is widely read.
This magazine circulates widely.
This magazine sells well.
The editor and publisher of this magazine was criticized by some readers.
How many subscribers does this magazine have?
This magazine helps me to keep up with what's happening in the world.
According to this magazine, the economic situation in Japan is getting worse year by year.
According to this magazine, my favorite actress will marry a jazz musician next spring.
I will have to get rid of this worn-out carpet.
The girl who wrote this composition is Nancy.
This composition leaves nothing to be desired.
This composition is so badly written than I can not make out what he means.
The English used in the composition is too good. She can't have written it herself.
There are a few mistakes in this composition.
This composition is free from errors.
This work is beyond my grasp.
This work is an improvement on your last.
The threats to this strategy are numerous.
I'd like you to pick up the pace a little on this job.
This writer is at his best in his short stories.
Where did you find this wallet?
This purse is made of paper.
I think that this material is of benefit to everyone.
This material has no give.
When the Englishman heard this last question, he could not believe his ears.
Please air the zabuton.
I wish you would tell me what I ought to do in this difficult situation.
I've been in bad shape these days.
I am gardening these days just to kill time.
Nowadays she is lost in tennis.
Jobs are hard come by these days.
Everyone seems to be short of money these days.
We often hear about an energy crisis these days.
Nowadays, traveling costs a lot of money.
You don't seem to be yourself these days.
This antique brazier no longer has any real utility.
This hard work has made me very tired.
This blackboard is not black, but green.
There is much sugar in this black box.
This national park is full of beautiful scenery.
This national treasure can be seen by the public only once a year.
This country was subject to a neighboring country.
This country is really going to the dogs!
This country has an even temperature throughout the year.
This county is poor in natural resources.
This country is rich in oil.
This country is rich in coal.
This is the most beautiful country I have ever visited.
This country is safe from attack.
This country has four seasons.
This country has a mild climate.
Rain is scarce in this country.
How long do you plan to stay in this country?
The climate is mild in this country.
Please show me some of the travel guides for this country.
People in this country make it a habit to bow when they meet.
People of this country do not respect their old traditions any longer.
The population of the country is roughly estimated at 50,000,000.
The population of this country is diminishing.
The population of this country is smaller than that of the United States.
I am uneasy about the future of this country.
What are the main products of this country?
One of the main products of this country is coffee.
This nation's economy is growing by leaps and bounds in recent years.
Several universities in this country enjoy great prestige.
What's your purpose in visiting this country?
My faith in this country was never shaken.
There were no Japanese in this country.
There are many cities in this country.
Oil is scarce in this country.
Some of them go without shoes in this country.
Foreign tourists in this country are numerous.
It was the most popular sport in this country.
Cultures of the East and the West are mixed in this country.
Women didn't use to talk politics in this country.
A lot of children live from hand to mouth in this country.
A politician has to be able to stick with any lies in this country.
The birthrate is rapidly declining in this country.
Freedom of speech was restricted in this country.
In this country there are only few examples that ideology and religion are helpful in character building for people.
For too long society has placed sole emphasis on children's test results, to the detriment of social discipline.
Money lending is a profitable business in this country.
They cannot do without camels in this country.
Every fifth person has a car in this country.
It is unlikely that this indictment will lead to his deportation.
There are no fewer than a dozen bedrooms in this mansion.
These totals check with mine.
This expressway connects Tokyo with Nagoya.
This high humidity makes me feel tired.
He won't come in a rain like this.
This steel is stainless.
This mine will close down next month.
Please give us a call now if you want to participate in the workshop!
This course will help you master correct pronunciation.
This course teaches basic skills in First Aid.
This aircraft company deals with freight only.
This action makes me grumble.
I assume that this idea will work well.
I intend to hammer this idea into the student's heads.
I have to oppose this idea.
This idea is the basis of my argument.
The harbor can be blocked.
These structures would rarely, if ever, occur in spoken English.
We encounter similar difficulties when we substitute rectangles for triangles in this configuration.
That's an interesting ad.
This factory's productive capacity is 250 cars a week.
This factory produces 500 automobiles a day.
This factory can turn out 200 cars a day.
Robots have taken the place of men in this factory.
They are manufacturing TV sets in this factory.
We'll have a good crop if this good weather keeps up.
Don't let this chance slip by.
Avail yourself of this opportunity.
I cannot finish reading this thick book in a week.
This play has ended.
This park reminds me of my childhood.
On Saturdays, we usually visit in this park.
This park is at its best in spring.
This park is really beautiful and clean.
This park is a paradise for children.
This park used to be a hunting ground for a noble family.
This park lends itself to recreation.
This park is famous for its roses.
How big is this park?
The park is open to everybody.
This park is more beautiful than that.
This park is famous for its cherry blossoms.
There are many birds in this park.
There are as many as two hundred cherry trees in this park.
Can we roller-skate in this park?
We want to break off this negotiation.
What's the name of this intersection?
This symphony is a real masterpiece.
Can you clearly define this word?
This word is also French in origin.
This word has gone out of use.
This word is not in current use.
This word is still in use.
This word was borrowed from French.
This word is derived from Greek.
The accent of this word is on the second syllable.
How is the word accented?
This word has a double meaning.
Let the tea draw for ten minutes.
This lake is the deepest in Japan.
This lake is deep.
How deep this lake is!
This lake is among the deepest in the country.
This lake is deepest at this point.
This lake is the deepest in this country.
The lake is deepest at this point.
How deep is this lake?
This lake abounds in various kinds of fish.
Fish abound in this lake.
This lake abounds in trout.
Some believe Nessie lives in this lake.
A mysterious legend has been handed down about this lake.
It's dangerous to swim in this lake.
It is safe to skate on this lake.
This lake supplies our city with water.
This door won't lock.
The door will not open.
Everyone knows that there is something new in this old capital.
This antique clock is worth one thousand dollars.
This old book is quite out of date.
This old book is worth 50,000 yen.
Nothing ever happens in this old village.
I want to have this old coat made over.
This old coat has had it.
I don't think this old car will make it to the top of the hill.
This old building has seen better days.
This old building isn't worth fixing up. It would be better to tear it down.
This old fish has a strange taste.
We should do away with these old rules.
This old house is made of wood.
They say this old house is haunted.
This old French table is a very valuable piece of furniture.
This old table is still in use.
This old suit is just about done for; I shall have to get a new one.
This proverb is worth remembering.
This word conjures up a new way of life.
Is this word in common use?
This word comes from Greek.
This word does not translate well.
These words were spoken by someone who shall be nameless.
The word came to be used for all small heavenly bodies revolving about larger ones.
Please tell me how to pronounce this word.
These words brought tears to her eyes.
We can decide that this phenomenon is not related to either pollutant.
There is not a physical explanation for this phenomenon yet.
This general rule refers only to children.
I'd better rewrite this paper.
This microscope magnifies objects by 100 times.
Please take charge of this key.
This key admits to his room.
I'm afraid this key does not fit.
Where can I find an outlet for all my anger?
This guard is very strong.
From this standpoint history can be divided into two main epochs.
From this point of view, you are right.
This offer expires on August 15, 1999.
This silk feels smooth.
I hope this expense report contains all the relevant business expenses because I'm not paying a cent more after this.
This laboratory is where we study every day.
This study compares the immigration policies of various nations.
In the early part of my study, I allude to work that had already been done on the psychology of crowd-control.
The patients in this study consisted of 30 males and 25 females.
To what extent did he play a part in the research project?
It took me five hours to make this kennel.
This dog is trained to smell out drugs.
Who looks after this dog?
This dog is big.
The dog is as good as dead.
This dog is a mongrel.
This dog is trained to save people in the mountains.
This dog is, so to speak, a member of our family.
This dog is conditioned to bark at strangers.
This dog is our regimental mascot.
This dog eats almost anything.
This dog minds well.
The dog has a keen scent.
How clever this dog is!
This dog is more attached to us than this cat.
This dog was born two months ago.
This dog is the biggest in this town.
You must not smoke in this building.
This right must be protected at all costs.
I want this building for a garage.
This building is very large.
This building also is a bank.
This building was named after him.
The structure is deficient in harmony.
This building is made of stone.
This building looks large from the front, but not from the side.
This building should be kept as a national heritage.
This building is near completion.
This building is one of the many glories of Venice.
This building is off limits now.
Is it all right to take pictures in this building?
It is necessary to obtain the sanction of the authorities to enter this building.
You aren't permitted to bring dogs into this building.
Is there a public toilet in this building?
You are not permitted to bring dogs into this building.
You are not to leave this building.
Get the rubbish out of the building.
Is this building open to the public?
This ticket is available for a whole year.
This ticket is good for two weeks.
What is the cause of my condition?
I appreciate your help in clarifying this.
See to this matter right away, will you?
I would like to know how you will proceed in this matter.
How do you view this matter?
We would appreciate it if you grant us this concession.
Let's take up this matter after lunch.
It was proposed that this matter be considered at the next meeting.
This case is outside my jurisdiction.
The matter touches your interest.
I'll talk it over with Marty and see what he thinks.
I leave the matter to your judgement.
How do you feel about the issue?
I would like to talk with you about this matter.
His interpretation of this matter is too one-sided.
I can't agree with them on this matter.
Do you have anything to say with regard to this matter?
I am really in the dark on this case.
I apologize that I'm not able to give a better reference to this work.
Would you please check this matter with your bank?
If you want to discuss the situation, please let us know.
Please look into this matter as soon as you can.
I will get in touch with you again about this matter.
I must bring home to him the fact that he is wrong in this case.
We oppose the government on this matter.
There is little, if any, risk in this matter.
Your request of this matter has been accepted.
Get me all the information you can on this matter.
Please make an appointment to come in and discuss this further.
Your help would be appreciated on this matter.
Can I hear your comments about this?
I want to remain anonymous in this.
Secrecy is of the essence in this matter.
In this case, I think he is correct.
Please accept our apologies for the trouble this matter has caused you.
This marriage will be advantageous to his career.
This result means, contrary to prior expectations, that the number of variants does not affect the processing speed.
This result disappointed his hopes.
This result leaves much to be desired.
We've got to fill this hole with something.
This hole was formed by a falling of a meteorite.
This decision will reflect on his future career.
This decision is not binding on all of you.
This decision is final.
Your suggestion weighed heavily in this decision.
If it were not for this defect, I should hire him at once.
This theater has a seating capacity of 500.
We are not supposed to drink in this theater.
This play was adapted from the novel.
This play has three acts.
This drama will be on the air tomorrow.
The title of this play is "Othello".
It's not easy to pick out the best actors for this play.
This chicken is fried well.
How many eggs does this hen lay each week?
Are you going to let this fried chicken go begging?
Something is wrong with this calculator.
This plan can hardly be improved upon.
You have to go over this project carefully.
Let's try this plan.
What do you think of this plan?
This plan requires secrecy.
This plan is impossible to accomplish.
The plan was doomed to failure from the start.
This plan will be very expensive to carry out.
This plan is being discussed right now.
This plan will bankrupt the economy of our town.
This project still leaves much to be desired.
This plan has not yet been cleared by the committee.
What do you say to this plan?
This plan is good in some ways.
This plan will serve its purpose to some extent.
This project will involve 50 trained staff members.
The main feature of this scheme is still ambiguous.
What is the main purpose of this plan?
What is the central aim of this plan?
The capital for this plan was prepared.
Do you have any objection to this plan?
Don't you agree to this plan?
There's much room for improvement in this project.
There is little merit in this plan.
They had good flashes of inspiration about this plan.
I know about this project for the most part.
Keep mum about this plan.
What do you think about this plan?
Her help is vital to the success of this plan.
It is yet to be seen whether this plan will succeed or not.
Leave me out of this plan. I don't want to get involved.
This experience counts for much in his life.
This experience will do you good in the long run.
This scenery carries me back to my old native town.
This view reminds me of my home town.
How wonderful this sight is.
Please stick this notice to the door.
What does this sign say?
This agreement is binding on all parties.
This agreement holds good for a year.
This contract binds me to pay them 10 thousand dollars.
This agreement is binding on all of us.
This style of hat is now in fashion.
This type of mobile phone sells well.
A TV set of this size will take little space.
All sweaters of this type are out of stock now.
This type of camera is now out of fashion.
Can I use this dictionary of yours?
These socks do not match.
Where is the mate to this sock?
There's a hole in this sock.
It'll take a few days to break in these shoes.
These shoes need polishing.
Try these shoes on and see if they fit you.
These boots belong to her.
The shoes are the same size.
These shoes will last you two years.
I wonder if these shoes will last well.
These shoes are expensive, and what is more, they are too small.
Whose are these shoes?
These shoes are not suitable for running.
These shoes are a little loose.
These shoes are too small for me to put on.
These shoes don't fit my feet.
This pair of shoes doesn't fit me.
These shoes are big enough for me.
These shoes have lasted one year.
These shoes will stand up to hard use.
These shoes are so tight that I can't put them on.
These shoes are too tight.
These shoes are too tight to get into.
These shoes are made in Italy.
These shoes will not stand too much wear.
This pair of shoes is a size larger.
Do you have these shoes in my size?
From the look of the sky, the typhoon will probably be raging in all its fury about this time tomorrow.
From the look of the sky, it may rain in the afternoon.
Judging from the look of the sky, we might have a shower before nightfall.
This airport is easily accessible by bus.
I hope to visit this airport again.
There is a threat of rain in the dark sky.
Where should I throw away this empty cup?
The pain is killing me.
It is said that treasure is buried in this area.
How is this phrase to be interpreted?
What is the meaning of this phrase?
You can omit the preposition in this phrase.
This silverware set has been in my family for generations.
This metal burnishes well.
This metal is free of rust.
This metal is comparable to iron in strength.
This metal is called zinc.
This safe is for keeping valuables.
This gold watch is the apple of my eye. Mother gave it to me as a keep-sake in her later years.
Keep this money for me.
Let's divide this money between you and me.
This money goes for food.
This money is due to you.
The money will carry us for about a month.
The money will be enough to carry me to Hong Kong.
Is there a restaurant around here that serves local delicacies?
All the houses in this neighborhood look so much alike that I can't tell them apart.
There are no food stores in the immediate area.
Is there a post office near here?
Could you recommend a nice restaurant near here?
I wonder if you could tell me if there is a post office in this area.
Is there a hospital near here?
Is there a nearby branch of a Japanese bank?
Are there any Japanese restaurants near here?
There is a military base near here.
There are a number of nice restaurants near here.
Is there a tennis court around here?
Is there a mall near here?
Is there a golf course near here?
Three large buildings near here are under construction.
We have no other alternative but to swap horses midstream and inject a fresh atmosphere and new ideas into our organization.
This music reminds me of that girl.
I remember hearing this tune before.
This music is popular with young people.
This tune is quite familiar to us all.
This song was written by Phil last year.
At this corner there happened an accident that was to be remembered for years.
Money really talks in this business.
This extraordinary increase is explained by the speedy economic unification which took place during the same period.
What's all this fuss about?
I never cross this bridge without being reminded of my childhood.
Heavy posts are needed to sustain this bridge.
This bridge is made of wood.
This bridge was built two years ago.
This bridge is made of iron.
How long is this bridge?
This bridge will not endure long.
This bridge is built of stone.
This bridge bears only ten tons.
This bridge became famous among young people.
This is the longest bridge in the world.
This bridge looks secure.
This bridge is twice the length of that one.
This bridge is three times as long as that bridge.
This bridge is one and half times as long as that.
The bridge is supported by 10 posts.
I don't know the exact length of this bridge.
There is a water mill above the bridge.
This classroom is very large.
This classroom is cleaned.
This classroom can accommodate only thirty students.
This lesson should be kept in mind.
Keep this lesson in mind.
How old is this church?
This church was built in the 12th century.
This church dates from the 12th century.
This church is not a big one, as churches go.
Whose is this textbook?
This textbook is good.
This textbook is intended for foreign students.
This textbook is too hard for me.
This textbook, having been printed in haste, has a lot of printing mistakes.
How many credits can I get for this course?
This terrible monster was the Sphinx.
Note that the impetus for change has undergone a series of transformations in this community.
This game is similar in some ways to today's American football.
In this game, players were not allowed to kick the ball.
What do you call this fish in English?
This fish smells bad.
This fish is free from poison.
This fish is big.
This fish is not fit to eat.
This fish is unfit to eat.
This fish is done.
This fish is bony and it is not easy to bone it.
This fish is inexpensive but nourishing.
Is this fish still alive?
This fish has a lot of small bones in it.
This fish has a bad smell.
This milk won't keep till tomorrow.
This milk is free from germs.
This milk tastes sour.
The butcher who sold me this beef is always friendly.
This beef is tender.
This beef is very nice and tender.
This beef is four dollars per pound.
We can hardly keep alive on this salary.
This stadium will hold 50,000 people.
It is very imprudent to swim in the rapids.
It must be dangerous to swim in this rapid stream.
This palace was built for the rich king.
This blotting paper absorbs ink well.
This hill commands a fine view of the bay.
You can see the whole city from this hill.
The hill commands the panorama of the city.
You can see millions of stars on this hill.
This hill commands a very fine view.
This coffee shop is cozy.
The retro feel of this cafe is a hit with young people.
We would often have a chat in this coffee shop.
Any doubts about the validity of this argument are promptly forgotten once we see the data.
Basic to the argument is the assumption that the rules in question are present in the language.
I cannot but regret the time wasted in this discussion.
What is significant in this argument is that his theory can identify those phenomena.
I think that he is in the right in this dispute.
I welcome any corrections or additions to these minutes.
This measure is in accord with our policy.
The duty must be discharged by every one of you.
You must be superior to me in this skill.
This ceremony has been handed down from generation to generation.
This record still stands.
This monument is dedicated to the soldiers who gave their lives to their country.
This monument is in memory of a great statesman.
This monument was erected in February, 1985.
Is it possible to reprint this article?
This article is critical of the way investigations are being made into the matter.
This article was written by a college professor.
The author of this article is a famous critic.
This article contains tips for those who are eager to increase their vocabulary.
Check up on the accuracy of this article.
I don't know what this symbol stands for.
I can't understand this sign's meaning.
There are some cases where the rule does not hold good.
Anyone who breaks this rule is liable to severe punishment.
The rule reads in two ways.
This rule does not apply.
This rule applies to all cases.
This rule isn't suited to the present situation.
This rule cannot be applied to you.
This rule is applied to foreigners only.
This rule applies to any case.
This rule holds good at all times.
This rule can be applied to any case.
This rule does not apply to the case.
This rule cannot be applied to that case.
This rule has no application to the case.
This rule reads several ways.
This rule holds good in every case.
This rule cannot be applied to every case.
This rule applies to you, too.
This rule doesn't apply to first-year students.
This rule allows no exception.
There are cases where this rule doesn't hold good.
I can except no one from the rules.
It is not reasonable to suppose that this rule is applicable under any condition.
Eggs are cheap this season.
Food goes bad easily in this season.
It's not easy to come by apples at this time.
In this season we often suffer from an excess of rain.
It's not easy to come by watermelons at this time of year.
This train leaves at nine o'clock.
This climate doesn't agree with me.
No plant can grow in this climate.
Who invented this machine?
I don't like this model but I'll have to make do with it.
You can't rely on this machine.
This machine works by electricity.
This machine is driven by electricity.
This machine does not run well.
Who was this machine invented by?
This machine saves us a lot of labor.
This machine answers to human voice.
This machine is driven by a small electric motor.
This machine is driven by a small motor.
This machine is too heavy for me to carry.
This machine is superior in quality to that one.
This machine is now out of date.
This machine sometimes breaks down.
This machine is out of order.
This machine has gone out of date.
This machine will be quite useful for our studies.
This machine produces electricity for our daily use.
This machine makes 100 copies a minute.
This machine is easy to handle.
This machine is of great use.
This machine is most dangerous; don't touch it.
This machine was of great use to us all.
There's something wrong with this machine.
How do you operate this machine?
This machine was out of order for a while.
This machine consumes 10% of all the power we use.
This machine can print sixty pages a minute.
By whom was this machine invented?
This machine cranks out a thousand screws an hour.
This machine is inferior to that one in durability.
Please tell us the good points of this machine.
The operation of this machine is too difficult for me.
Do you know how to use this machine?
I can't remember how to use this machine.
The mechanism of this machine is complicated.
You must keep this machine free from dust.
I think this machine is in need of repair.
This machine doesn't have a safety device.
I can't use this machine.
Can you explain how this machine works?
I'll demonstrate how this machine works.
It is doubtful whether this machine works well or not.
You ought to take advantage of this opportunity, for it may not come again.
We will take advantage of this chance.
I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity to thank you all for your cooperation.
I'm so grateful to you for this opportunity.
Take care not to throw away this chance.
You should avail yourself of this opportunity without fail.
I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity.
This opportunity should be taken advantage of.
On this occasion, we should drink a toast.
Will you help me move this desk?
This desk is used by Yumi.
This desk is made of wood.
This desk is different from the one I ordered.
This desk has lost one of its legs.
This desk is good.
This desk takes up too much room.
This desk was too heavy to lift.
This desk was too heavy for Patty to lift.
This desk is mine.
This desk is a little low for me.
This desk is designed for children.
You can adjust this desk to the height of any child.
This desk is broken.
This desk is made of hard wood.
This desk is used by me.
This desk is used by Tom.
This desk was broken by Tony.
Where does this desk go?
This desk cost me no more than 30000 yen.
This desk is the best of all the desks.
This desk is better than that one.
This desk is as good as that one.
This desk cost me no less than 30000 yen.
This desk cost me 20,000 yen.
Little is known of this curious plant.
Who designed this strange building?
Don't fail to learn these basic words by heart.
May happiness and joy come to you as you celebrate this joyous day.
This company manufactures computer chips.
This scheme is clumsy production wise.
We must consider the financial aspects of this project.
You should rethink this program.
This project may not pay off.
Please state your opinion with relation to this project.
I want you to search high and low for a writer who's just right for this project. Leave no stone unturned.
This project admits of improvement.
What does this rock look like?
This rock has the shape of an animal.
These toys are suitable for girls.
These pills act on the heart.
It is the behavior of the control group that is important in this connection.
Let us consider in this connection the influence of Western ideologies on Korean literature.
Sending manuscript after manuscript paid off. A magazine finally published my work.
This is a good report, except for this mistake.
Except for this mistake, this is a good report.
In order to fix this mistake we'll have to tear out this seam.
This mistake is due to his carelessness.
I am to blame for this mistake.
I was at a musical recently, in the third row. Seeing the actor I love up close like that made me feel more smitten with him than ever.
The other day he bought a wallet made of kangaroo leather for me.
Thanks very much for having me to dinner the other night.
In the last typhoon, the wind blew at over 200 kilometers per hour!
Can you account for your absence last Friday?
You said so the other day, didn't you?
We watched a TV program the other day about your people.
I went to the dentist recently and he did a cast of my teeth and took an X-ray, 'just in case.' It sounds like a good business to be in.
I got your fax the other day.
The other day I noticed I was driving around with the parking brake on. It's a wonder the car could even move.
From this point of view we should say he was right.
This can hold about 4 gallons.
What does this kanji mean?
If you continue to take this herbal medicine, it will do you good.
This custom should be done away with.
This tradition is followed in most households.
This practice has long since been done away with.
These patients have trouble walking.
It will be a long time before this patient gets well again.
This generous offer may be a mere pose.
I can't put up with this cold.
The cold was the worst in fifty years.
I can't stand this cold.
I can no longer stand the cold.
You must not leave her waiting outside in such cold weather.
Give me a hand with this bag.
This bag was carried by car.
This bag looks as tough as the one you have.
This amount includes tax.
This frame shows the painting to good advantage.
This theory consists of three parts.
Going to this school requires a lot of money.
There are more girls than boys in this school.
This school has no heating.
This school is ours.
Discipline is rather mild at this school.
This school has many students.
This school supplies students with textbooks.
The standards for admission to this school are very high.
The students of this school are kind.
Any student of this school must learn one more foreign language besides English.
Let me tell you about the origin of this school.
Only 16 percent of the teachers of this school are female.
The curriculum of this school is wide and shallow.
Two-thirds of the students of this school are boys.
This school has several foreigners on the roll.
There are forty-one teachers and about eight hundred students in this school.
Talented students come from far and wide to attend this school.
There used to be a bake-shop on this corner.
No country under the sun is safe in this nuclear age.
What has brought you to this city?
This town has undergone a rapid change.
It's been ten years since I came to this town.
Please drop in to see us any time you're in town.
I tried to find out how many people really live in this town.
Go up these stairs.
These cough lozenges taste bitter but they will do you much good.
This picture is of my uncle.
This drawing dates back to the fifteenth century.
This painting is attributed to Picasso.
Put these pictures up us for wall, please.
It is me that painted this picture.
When I painted this picture, I was 23 years old.
Could you hold this picture straight for a while?
I cannot look at this picture without thinking of my dead mother.
This picture reminds me of our happy days in England.
I cannot see this picture without remembering my childhood.
This picture always reminds me of my hometown.
I can't see this picture without thinking of my mother.
Look at this picture.
How did you come by this painting?
This painting will pass for genuine.
Is this a picture of his own drawing?
By whom was this picture painted?
The picture is done in a masterly style.
This painting is a representation of a storm at sea.
This painting is attributed to Monet.
The picture was painted by a famous painter.
This painting is worth a great deal of money.
You will find the scene just as you see it in this picture.
It's not hard to see what the results of this rise will be.
You aren't allowed to swim at this beach.
It is very pleasant to sail these waters.
This flashlight is getting dim.
This flashlight needs two batteries.
Could you put these fragile things in a safe place?
This broken vase can't be repaired.
This connection is too slow for me to watch movies.
I mean to quit this company.
This company has a fine organization.
The company deals in various goods.
This corporation is well known for its communication equipment.
Who do you think will take over the company?
This firm prints a lot of educational books.
This firm ranks second in the oil trade.
In this company, there are more women than men.
My grandfather founded and my parents developed this company.
This firm manufactures cars at the rate of two hundred per day.
I felt like a fish out of water at this firm.
This company manufactures televisions.
Two thirds of the employees of this company are engineers.
Who is the boss of this company?
This office is divided up into camps.
This firm has a hundred employees.
Manual labor is necessary in this company.
Chances of promotion are slim in this firm.
In this firm, women work on equal terms with men.
Women work on equal terms with men in this firm.
You must be able to speak either English or Spanish in this company.
Monday through Friday are work-days in this company.
Do you know his status in the company?
I would quit before I would do that job in this company.
Rather than putting off this meeting, why don't we just call it off?
Little does he realize how important this meeting is.
This is very important meeting. You ought not to miss it.
The meeting had 12 attendees.
This society has a large membership.
This association shall be called the E.S.S.
What is the chief aim of this society?
Are you a member of this society?
Kindly address yourself to the chairman, not directly to other representatives at this meeting.
The image quality is really bad - the resolution is so low.
This artist creates beautiful paintings.
This artist is soon to be famous like Yamagata.
What image did you have in mind as you painted this picture?
Now that I have finished this assignment I want to go to sleep, but I have to go to school.
This subject is not within the scope of our study.
Learn this lesson by heart.
Do you have any questions in this lesson?
Please help yourself to these cakes.
I can't carry all that baggage.
I'd like to send these to Japan.
I'd like to send this package to Japan.
Could you hold these bags until four this afternoon?
Could you keep this luggage until 3 p.m.?
Just help me with this baggage.
Could you put these bags in the trunk?
What shall I do with his luggage?
I want this luggage taken to my room at once.
This baggage is too big to send by mail.
This baggage three times as heavy as that one.
Please take care not to break this vase.
This vase is made of iron.
It may have been Mr Sato who sent these flowers.
Can you arrange these flowers for me?
This flower is found in different parts of Hokkaido.
This flower is beautiful, isn't it?
These flowers are not only beautiful but also fragrant.
This flower has a scent all its own.
This flower is as beautiful as any in the garden.
This flower is very beautiful.
These flowers bloom earlier than others do.
This flower is the most beautiful of all flowers.
These flowers are dying.
This flower gives off a strong fragrance.
This flower smells sweet.
How beautiful this flower is!
What do you call this flower?
This flower is yellow, but all the others are blue.
This flower is called a lily in English.
What do you call this flower in English?
This flower is a kind of rose.
How pretty is this flower!
How beautiful this flower is.
These flowers will live through the winter more often than not.
This flower smells nice.
This flower is more beautiful than that one.
This flower is as beautiful as that one.
This flower is more beautiful than that rose.
Do you know the name of this flower?
The smell of this flower calls up my childhood.
Do you want any of these flowers?
This flower makes the room!
The fire reduced the whole village to ashes.
This river flows all the way to New Orleans.
It is dangerous to bathe in this river.
This singer is made too much of.
This is an opera in five acts.
This opera has three acts.
This song reminds me of young days.
This song reminds me of my childhood.
This song reminds me of my happy days.
Whenever I hear this song, I am reminded of my school days.
This song reminds me of my junior high school days.
This song reminds me of my hometown.
This song always reminds me of my childhood.
I never listen to this song without remembering my school-days.
These songs remind me of the happy memories of past days.
Let's sing this song, shall we?
Can you sing this song?
This song is very popular in Japan.
This song is liked by many people.
This song is not loved by girls.
This song makes me happy.
This song reminds me of the good old days.
This song is familiar to us.
This song is easy to learn.
This song sounds sad.
This song is a love song.
This song is known to everyone.
This song was written by Foster.
This song is No. 1 on the hit chart.
They love this song.
This song always makes me think of my good old days.
This song always reminds me of my school days.
This song was popular in the 1970s.
This song comes down to us from the tenth century.
This song's name is "Only You".
Will you tell me how to sing this song?
This fruit has not matured enough to be picked.
How delicious this fruit is!
This basket of fruits is a slight acknowledgement of your kindness.
This fruit has a bad taste.
How many credits is this course?
This scientific article reads like a novel.
Everyone knows that this chemical is harmful to man.
The scientist is famous not only in Japan but also in foreign countries.
How many people are there in this household?
This furniture is superior beyond comparison.
This house is conveniently situated but the trouble is that it is too small for my large family.
This is the house where he was brought up.
This house is not for sale.
This house has a solid foundation.
Does this house withstand earthquakes?
Who owns this house?
This house is made of stone.
This is a small house, but it will do for us.
This house belongs to my uncle.
This house is very comfortable to live in.
This house is too narrow to live in.
This house is anything but comfortable to live in.
I like this house, because it is very comfortable.
This house must be done up.
This house is registered in my name.
This house is mine.
This house is mine, not yours.
This house belongs to Mr Yamada.
This house will not sell as it stands.
This house is ten years old, but that house over there is quite new.
This house is leaning to one side.
This house is fireproof.
This house is free of rent.
This house needs painting.
Painted white, this house looks bigger.
This house is very good.
This house is very spacious.
This house is not very large.
This house will let easily.
I like this house as it is.
This house is as large again as that one.
This house is large enough for your family to live in.
This house is about the same size as Peter's.
The kitchen of this house is very large.
Who is the owner of this house?
What is the area of this house?
It is I who am head of this family.
Have you a room to let in this house?
I feel a strong attachment to this house.
This house has two bathrooms.
This house has six rooms.
No one dwells in this house.
This house has eleven rooms.
I want to travel this summer, but I don't know where to go.
This summer I went to Nikko, and stayed overnight.
It is the hottest this summer.
I'm going to make a tour of Kyushu this summer.
I wanted to work this summer.
We would like to visit Nikko during this summer vacation.
I swam a lot during this summer vacation.
Are you going away this summer?
I will have been to Hokkaido three times if I go once again this summer.
We have had a lot of thunder this summer.
I'll be able to afford a week's vacation this summer.
A holiday this summer is out of the question.
Can you afford to take a holiday this summer?
We have had much rain this summer.
We have had a little rain this summer.
This summer it has rained very little.
I am going to swim a lot this summer.
I am going to try to get a good tan.
This is going to be the hottest summer in thirty-six years.
This is the hottest summer we have had in thirty years.
I'll travel across Europe by bicycle this summer.
When I visited my hometown this summer, I found the city different from what it had been ten years ago.
Are you going to go anywhere this summer?
I finally went to England this summer.
I'm going to America this summer.
Commodity tax is not included in the price.
Delivery is not included in the price.
With this price, your product would not be competitive in the Japanese market.
I took such a hammering over recent months.
This dresser takes up too much room.
This chemical agent is used to make paper white.
This chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
Listen to this music and relax.
This music suits my present mood.
This music is so beautiful that it brings tears to my eyes.
I can't stand all this noise.
These hot springs possess properties for healing wounds.
This hot spring is a great find.
There is a leak in the roof.
Why don't you try on this yellow sweater?
This cross street is busy with pedestrian traffic.
We must select one from among these applicants.
We must get rid of this foul garbage right away.
May I use this pencil?
How long is this pencil?
Is this pencil yours?
The monkey, trained properly, will be able to do a lot of tricks.
This chimney has begun to draw badly.
This chimney is made of brick.
I would like to travel in foreign countries while the yen is strong.
I'd like to change yen to dollars.
This liquid can be resolved into three elements.
This English composition is far from perfect.
The English of this composition is too good.
This question in English is anything but easy.
This English book is too difficult for me to read.
This English novel is not easy enough for you to read in a week.
This movie has won great popularity.
Nobody can see this movie without being moved.
This movie is for adults, not for children.
This film is an adaptation of a novel.
This movie is just great.
This film is worth seeing.
This is a movie which combines education with entertainment.
Did you like the movie?
This film is worth seeing many times.
I remember having seen this movie before.
This film is indeed an enduring masterpiece.
This movie is very interesting to me.
I found this film very interesting.
I don't think this movie is interesting.
This movie may have an undesirable influence on children.
I think it is worthwhile to see this film twice.
Are there reserved seats for this film?
This movement has not yet achieved all its goals, but it has already had considerable impact in many areas of male-female relations.
This movement is like a forum or platform from which feminists speak out on women's issues.
I think that rumor is true.
I wonder if this rumor is true.
I am fed up with this wet weather.
I'm fed up with this wet weather.
How long will this rain go on?
When will this rain let up?
I'm fed up with this weather.
Going out in this rain is out of the question.
Don't bother coming in this rain.
Thank you for coming all the way in this rain.
This drink is on the house.
Some of the ingredients in this beverage are harmful, especially if you are pregnant.
This caterpillar will become a beautiful butterfly.
What does this mark mean?
This drink tastes sour.
The probability of this chain of events all happening at once is one in 2 million flights - about once every two months at current levels of air traffic.
Please explain this sentence to me.
With this one exception, it is quite wrong to suppose that a simple culture will also have a simple language.
Whose is this pair of stockings?
This passage contains a lot of meaning.
I've been so busy this past week that I've hardly had time to relax.
It has been fine for a week.
The water of this well is good to drink.
What would it cost to have this chair repaired?
This stool needs to be repaired.
This chair is in want of repair.
This ability to communicate helps us a lot.
This chair is made of plastic.
This remark is not applicable to you.
There are many kinds of animals inside this enclosure.
I'm just going to leave it up to him to figure out how to clean up this mess.
Let's get this proposal down in black and white before we submit it to the boss.
This easy chair is quite comfortable.
Could you send it to this address?
This bad weather will affect the crops.
This bad practice will gradually die out.
We've had enough of this bad weather.
This evil custom must be abolished.
How much is this dress?
This dress is YOU.
These straw mats, called "tatami" in Japanese, are no longer made by hand.
This is a smooth wine, which goes down easy.
This wine has a good bouquet.
This wine is made from grapes.
This wine is inferior to that one in flavor.
This wine is superior to that one in scent.
This wine is inferior to that in its bouquet.
This wine is extremely delicious.
Taste this wine to see if you like it.
This shirt needs washing.
May I use this word processor?
This shirt doesn't fit me round the neck.
Something is wrong with this word-processor.
Could you tell me how to operate this word processor?
This robot dispenses with many hands.
This robot does whatever I say. That's a big help when I'm too tired to do anything. Not too likely, huh?
The movements of this robot are awkward.
This is a dead-end alley.
This rope is strong, isn't it?
This rope is very tough.
This rope is 200 yen a meter.
These lemons are fresh.
On finishing this report, I will rest.
Let's keep this level.
Must I take this lesson?
This restaurant provides good meals.
You will find this lesson easy.
This restaurant is famous for its excellent cuisine.
I can recommend this restaurant.
This restaurant is so large that they are always busy waiting on guests.
What time does this restaurant close?
This restaurant won't do.
This restaurant can't be matched for good service.
The service in this restaurant is none too fast.
The curry at this restaurant is good.
This restaurant lives up to all the rave reviews it got.
Can I hear a little bit of this record?
There are a lot of beautiful songs on these records.
The raincoat sheds water perfectly.
This rain coat comes in all sizes.
This rule does not apply in all cases.
This apple is sweet.
This apple is very red.
This apple tastes very sour.
This apple tastes sour.
This apple tastes sour, doesn't it?
Some of these apples are bad.
This is the most delicious apple.
This ribbon is a present for you.
Please check all the items on this list.
This lamp sends out a powerful beam.
This label sticks easily.
This radio is out of order.
How much is this radio?
Is this radio yours?
What is the price of this radio?
This racket belongs to me.
This racket is rather too heavy for me.
How much is this racket?
This camel is so tame that anyone can ride it.
This lighter won't catch.
This lion is very tame.
No sailboat is faster than this one.
This yogurt tastes strange.
This is how the incident happened.
Talking like this, we are getting nowhere.
All these late nights were beginning to tell on my health.
The reasons for this neglect are not hard to discover.
Written as it is in plain English, the book is useful for beginners.
Written as it is plain English, this book is useful for beginners.
When we think this way, many problems arise.
This inefficiency is a result of the animal's large body and massive legs and feet, which contribute a sideways motion to its walk.
Standing as it does on a hill, the church commands a fine view.
I solved the problem in this way.
This is how we've got to know each other.
Thus, he lost all the money.
This is how he earned so much money.
This is the way he solved the problem.
This is how he solved the difficult problem.
This is how he succeeded in the job.
This is how the accident happened.
This is how I did it.
This is how I solved the problem.
This is how Scott and his men arrived at the South Pole.
Thus the matter was settled to the immense relief of everyone.
Thus, the tyrant succeeded in conquering the kingdom.
This is how he has succeeded in running the factory.
This was how he entered the university.
In this way they are too tired to be frightening.
This is how I got acquainted with them.
Please do it this way.
Not having dealt with such a problem, they don't know what to do.
Such a problem is hard to deal with.
There is no precedent for such a case.
The art of making wooden bowls like these has died out.
I'm sorry to put you to all these troubles.
I sincerely regret having caused you such an inconvenience.
Don't read such a book as this.
Books such as these are too difficult for him.
I can't put up with an insult like this.
Such an offence is punished by a fine and/or imprisonment.
Like other changes, this change in attitude has occurred in other countries, too.
Such a lifestyle appears rather uninteresting to Americans.
What should they do in this situation?
In such cases, adults should not scold them instantly, but be patient with them, considering their mental growth.
Until such difficulties are ironed out completely, there is always a chance of fighting breaking out at the slightest provocation.
You ought to do away with this practice.
Such a custom should be done away with.
We must put an end to this kind of quarrel.
In hard times like this, no ordinary effort can get our company out of the red.
I never knew about such a duty.
I assure you that an error like this will never happen again.
I will do my best to ensure that such mistakes do not occur in future.
We cannot respect such a great man too much.
It may be advantageous to me to proceed in this way.
Mistakes like these are easily overlooked.
These slums are a disgrace to the city.
Such things can happen from time to time.
These things are much better spoken about face to face so that we can draw diagrams and demonstrate timings on logic analyzers and oscilloscopes where necessary.
We must prevent this type of incident from recurring.
Such toys have a bad influence on children.
I dislike living in such a noisy place.
This is because they are trying to prove they are somewhat independent.
These lilies smell lovely.
The cradle is as brand new as the born babe lying in it.
This behavior is energy-efficient in an environment where calories can be hard to come by.
Please clean the floor with this mop.
Is there a supermarket in this mall?
This melon will be good to eat tomorrow.
This melon sounds hollow. Maybe that's why it was so cheap.
This melody reminds me of my school days.
This melody is familiar to many Japanese.
It is not possible to record in this media.
This rare stamp is hard to come by.
This message doesn't make sense.
Can you please confirm the receipt of this note?
This is the second mail we send you referring to the invoice No.1111 which has not been settled.
This mink cost $3,000.
This milk has a peculiar taste.
This milk has a peculiar smell.
The milk will keep for two days.
This milk tastes rather sour.
The milk's a bit off.
How do you make Mirano?
This mystery has a plot twist that's completely novel.
How long does it take to get the hang of this sewing machine?
These oranges are good to eat.
The purpose of the meeting is to make a plan for a new product prior to the Product Development Meeting in January.
This is a bruising information war. At this rate we'll never come out on top. We've got to replace our CIO.
If you want to stay a member of this club, you have to fish or cut bait.
I'm looking for a lipstick to go with this nail polish.
This damp match won't light.
This straight road will lead you to the post office.
His utter failure at the last peace conference has taught him to arm himself to the teeth with new tricks and tactics.
This minibus holds 25 persons.
Could I change these pounds for dollars, please?
This old car breaks down all the time.
This hotel can accommodate over 1,000 guests.
Please fill this bottle with water.
This hotel has accommodations for 1000 guests.
This hotel is conveniently located in terms of public transportation.
This hotel has a magnificent view of the sea.
This hotel does not take dogs.
This hotel is anything but satisfactory.
This hotel faces the sea.
This hotel was built last year.
This hotel is the best, as hotels go.
This hotel is relatively expensive for this town.
This hotel is better than that hotel.
This hotel can accommodate 500 guests.
This hotel can accommodate 100 guests.
What are the charges in this hotel?
You can hear the sound of the sea in this hotel room.
Could you give me a card with this hotel's address?
This hotel can accommodate 700 guests.
This hotel has a gym and a swimming pool.
Are you staying at this hotel?
Do you have a tennis court in this hotel?
This hotel does not serve lunch.
This hotel will not do.
In this hotel, you have to check out by nine o'clock.
I am surprised to see you here in this hotel.
These potato chips are good enough to make you want more.
Never press this button.
Push the button here.
If you press this button, the machine will start.
If you push this button, the door will open.
All you have to do is push this button to take a picture.
All you have to do is to push this button.
Push this button and the door will open.
This button is loose.
Is this beeper yours?
Will this button hold?
I'm troubled by this mole.
I bought this ball-point for two dollars.
This hall holds a maximum of 1,000 people.
Is this ball yours or hers?
How many persons does this hall hold?
This ball is the treasure of that boy.
This hall is capable of holding 2,000 people.
This hall holds 2,000 people.
This hall contains two thousand people.
Two thousand people fit into this hall.
The hall contains 5,000 people.
Picasso's early works have been exhibited at this hall.
This boat has six oars.
Let's hope this boat engine doesn't give up the ghost when we're halfway to Hawaii.
This is beyond comparison.
Please lend me this pen.
May I borrow this pen?
May I use this pen?
You can use this pen.
Please give this pen to me.
Here's a pen for you to use.
Whose pen is this?
This pen belongs to me.
This neighborhood is very lonely.
How much is this pen?
What does this pen cost?
Choose any of these pens.
Is there a hotel around here?
Which is longer, this pen or that one?
Put this bench forward.
Is this bench firm?
If you want this pen, I will lend it to you.
When I've done with this pen, you can use it.
This bed is too hard to sleep in.
This bed looks solid.
The bed takes up a lot of room.
Don't you think this paisley tie would look good on you?
Copy this page in your notebook.
Please copy this page.
Here's an illustration at the top of this page.
Please make three copies of this page.
You mustn't format this floppy disk.
Your role will be to direct this project to its conclusion.
You can handle this project any way you choose.
This project grew out of a sketch I made on a napkin at a party last year.
I think this project is moving on the right track.
Let's put in a lot of time on that project.
This program cannot be run in DOS mode.
This brooch goes well with your sweater.
This present was given to me by Ann.
This bracelet is more expensive than that one.
I would like to get a blouse to go with this blazer.
I wonder what this phrase means.
It is hard to carry out this plan.
This plan is acceptable to all.
These plums are ripe.
This plastic is not damaged by fire.
Could I have this blouse taken in, please?
This blouse is cotton.
Do you like this blouse?
This blouse buttons at the back.
The handle of this pan is easy to hold.
This fried egg tastes like a sheet of rubber.
This wine tastes good.
Their grapes suit my palate.
These grapes are so sour that I can't eat them.
These grapes taste sour.
This push-button phone turned out to be useful in its way.
Please help me take this lid off.
This lid is so tight I can't open it.
This lid belongs with that jar.
Children under thirteen years of age are not admitted to this swimming pool.
Please develop this film.
Can I have this film developed?
I'd like to have this film processed.
This film develops fast.
Please develop and print this film.
I have two exposures left on this film.
Could you convert this file into a Windows 95 compatible file and re-send it?
Help me with this file cabinet.
Please delete this file.
Shake this bottle before you open it.
How much water does this bottle hold?
The bottle is made of glass.
There is a bit of whisky in this bottle.
There is as much water left in this bottle as in that one.
This building was laid out by a famous architect.
The building is equipped with emergency stairs.
How many floors does this building have?
This building changed hands several times.
This string is strong.
This beefsteak smells good.
This plastic garbage bag is free of hazardous chemicals.
I'll bid farewell to this stinking school.
This video recorder doesn't work right.
This video is boring.
This video is magnificent!
I promise to return this videotape within a week.
This incessant noise drives me mad.
The vitamin pill contains abundant nutrition.
How long is this visa valid?
How long is this visa good for?
Hey, this pizza isn't bad. Not bad at all.
This beer is not cold enough.
This beer tastes bitter.
This beer is dry.
This beer contains 5% alcohol.
This beer contains a high proportion of alcohol.
This beach is a paradise for surfers.
Since this heater seems to be out of order, I'll have him repair it.
This heater burns gas.
You can play this piano, but not at night.
This leaflet contains necessary information.
This bread is very delicious.
This bread is fresh from the oven.
This handle will not turn.
This store's hamburgers taste better than that one's.
Whose handbag is this?
I'm listening to this band.
This handkerchief didn't wash clean.
This handkerchief is made of paper.
How much is this handkerchief?
Blow your nose with this handkerchief.
This parade descends from an ancient rite.
This rose has a white bloom.
This rose smells sweet.
This rose smells so sweet.
This rose is very beautiful.
The petals of this rose are very tender.
I'll take these roses.
This hamster is small enough to carry in your pocket.
Are these bananas ripe?
These bananas went bad.
May I use this bat?
Could you show me this bag?
This bag is made of leather.
I'll get this bag for you.
This bag is both good and inexpensive.
Should I put this bag in the overhead compartment?
Should I put this bag under the seat?
May I carry this bag on?
This bag is not available in any store.
Does this backpack belong to him?
Is this bag yours or his?
This bag is 4 kilograms overweight.
What do you have in this bag?
The bag will easily carry enough clothes for a week.
You should be able to carry that bag on.
This butter is domestic, but it is in no way inferior to foreign butter.
The butter tasted sour.
May I have this bread and butter?
This PC will save you a lot of trouble.
This puzzle will be completed by tomorrow.
This puzzle has 500 pieces.
This passport is valid for five years.
Does this bus go to the museum?
Does this bus go to the center of town?
Does this bus go to the beach?
The bus fare here is 90 yen a section.
Does this bus go to the Hilton Hotel?
This bus can hold fifty people.
This bus can carry fifty passengers.
This bus is capable of carrying 45 persons.
The bus is capable of carrying thirty people.
This bus connects the two large cities.
This bus goes to the Matsuyama station, right?
Is this the bus for Park Ridge?
How much is the fare on the bus?
This bus will take you to the museum.
This bus will take you around the city.
This bus will take you to the airport.
You can go to the ballpark on this bus.
This bus will take you to the station.
This bus will take you to the town.
This bus will take you to the village.
If you take this bus, you will get to the village.
You're going the wrong way.
I cannot tell whether this bus goes to the airport.
Does this bus go to the train station?
These pajamas absorb sweat well.
Hold this ladder steady.
Please hold this ladder steady.
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight?
These scissors don't cut well.
These scissors cut well.
The outside of this box is green, but the inside is red.
Please fill this bucket with water.
There's a hole in this bucket.
You can weigh your baggage in this balance.
This bar is a popular student hangout.
I want to send this postcard to Japan.
The owner of this bar never sells liquor on credit.
This party is an intimate gathering.
I hope you will be able to come to this party.
This glue does not adhere to plastic.
How long may I borrow this notebook?
This sticky liquid can be substituted for glue.
This necklace is so beautiful that I'd like to buy in for my wife.
Is the mouse dead or alive?
I think I'll take this tie.
The tie doesn't go with my suit.
This tie suits him well.
I'm afraid this tie is too loud.
This necktie does not match my coat.
This tie doesn't go with my suit.
I don't like this tie. Show me a better one.
This tie goes well with the suit, I guess.
This tie is not suitable for a situation like this.
How much is this tie?
This tie does not tie well.
This tie matches your suit.
This tie goes with your shirt.
This tie goes very well with your shirt.
The price of this tie is too high.
I will take this tie, as it seems to be the best.
This tie and that jacket go well together.
This nude poster appeals visually to the young.
We'll go out when this shower is over.
I was profoundly disturbed by this news.
This news is new to me.
You can believe me, because I heard this news first hand.
I don't want this news to be made public yet.
What was her reaction to the news?
What was his reaction to this news?
This smell disgusts me.
Can you answer this riddle?
Can you guess this riddle?
We must get to the bottom of this mystery.
This pear smells nice.
Lend me a knife with which to peel this pear.
Social unrest may come about as a result of this long recession.
These nylon socks wash well.
Take this knife and cut the top off.
The knife is not sharp.
This knife has a fine edge and cuts well.
This knife is used to cut meat.
This knife cuts well.
This knife is just good for slicing a loaf.
This knife is so dull that it can't cut.
This knife is very sharp.
This knife won't cut well.
The edge of this knife is sharp and cuts well.
Does anyone claim this knife?
This tunnel is twice as long as that one.
You look better in this dress.
I'd like to try on this dress.
This dress may look funny, but I like it.
Is this dress wash-able?
This dress fits me very well.
This dress is too big for me.
That dress seems to be very expensive.
This dress suits you well.
This dress fits you well.
This dress was in fashion in those days.
This dress is cheaper than yours.
This dress cost me over 40,000 yen.
This dress comes in three sizes.
Change this dollar bill for ten dimes.
This drama is missing something. All it is is a simple cautionary tale with no real depth.
How does this drama end?
All the characters in this drama are fictitious.
Would you cash these travelers checks, please?
This truck transports fresh food from Aomori to Tokyo.
This truck is in need of repair.
Prices are stable these days.
There have been a lot of airplane accidents recently.
How have you been getting on?
I've had a vague uneasiness.
This beautiful autumn weather we've been having makes up for the wet summer.
I don't much feel like working these days.
I don't feel like going out these days.
I'm very busy these days.
The weather here has been very unusual, but you know that's my cup of tea.
Written, as it is, in easy English, the book is easy to read.
Standing as it does on the hill, this hotel commands a fine view.
Standing as it does on a hill, the house commands a fine view.
Let's go along this street.
Go along this street for a mile.
Written as it is in plain English, the book is suitable for beginners.
Written, as it is, in easy English, the book is suitable for beginners.
There is a mailbox somewhere along this street.
We have to win seven times in a row to win this tournament.
This toast is not done enough.
There is a one-year guarantee on this toaster.
Don't open this door, please.
This door leads to the study.
This door locks by itself.
This door won't shut.
I can't get the door to shut properly.
This door will not open.
This door won't open.
The paint on the door is not dry yet.
This door is locked.
This door would not open.
Can you fix this door? It's creaking.
This TV program is really quite interesting.
This TV show is catching on now.
I bought this TV on the installment plan.
Something is the matter with this TV set.
I bought this TV set at a bargain sale.
This TV set has a two year guarantee.
This TV was made ten years ago and there are no parts available, so it is impossible to repair it.
If you watch this TV drama, you will understand the lives of ordinary people in the Edo Age very well.
This TV show is aimed at children.
This TV set is the best of all.
The picture on this TV is no good. It keeps flickering.
This department store is closed today.
This department store is closed at seven.
This test doesn't have a time limit.
This test has a catch.
This design resembles his earlier work.
This design doesn't suit my taste.
This design shows Chinese influence.
This textbook is written in simple English.
This text is aimed at beginners.
The purpose of this text is to deepen the understanding of black culture.
This textbook has a lot of notes.
This theme should be treated in more detail.
It has been shown in most studies on this subject that intervention of the legislature had adverse effects.
This tape recorder is not new.
This tape recorder wants repairing.
This tape recorder will make it easier for us to learn English.
This table takes up too much space.
I didn't ask for a table here.
Can you give me a hand with this table?
Please reserve this table for us.
Take this table away.
This table is made of good oak.
This table is reserved.
This table is made out of wood.
This table is made of wood.
I think this table takes up too much space.
This table is at an angle.
This table is a priceless antique.
This table is fine except in one respect - it will not fit into my room.
This table isn't steady.
This table is shaky. Make it stay firm.
This table is just as large as ours.
This table is fine except in one respect - it won't fit into my room.
This table has a smooth surface.
This table accommodated six persons.
This tablecloth measures 5 feet by 3 feet.
This tape sticks well.
This tape doesn't stick.
Could you give this data a final check for me?
Could I get you to update this data for me?
I'm afraid this data is not reliable.
This data is incorrect.
We should leave out this data. It's far from accurate.
This data is for my thesis.
This data is of no value now.
This data is immaterial to the argument.
I hope this data will be useful to you.
This vine winds around trees.
You can adjust the color on the TV by turning this knob.
It is very hard to date this vase.
How much is the tour per person?
This waistcoat won't meet at the front.
This chocolate is very sweet and tasty.
Take this piece of chalk and write on the blackboard.
This team is trained by a good coach.
The players on this team are all giants.
This cheese has a sharp taste.
This dance club is really going places.
This tanker is bound for Kuwait.
This lost him his life.
This adds to the expense.
This compelled me to stay another week.
Because of this, Koko can understand hundreds of spoken words.
This dam was built at the cost of many lives.
This dam supplies us with water and electricity.
I hope it will be overlooked this time.
This touch is original with her.
This taxi only sits five people.
This towel is harsh to the touch.
Wipe your hands with this towel.
This diamond is not real.
Is this diamond real?
This tire is showing wear.
This tire needs some air.
This diamond ring is too extravagant for me.
This tire doesn't have enough air in it.
I got this typewriter at a bargain price.
Is this typewriter available?
This typewriter has seen plenty of use.
Is this typewriter yours?
Before embarking on this type of therapy, the wishes of the patient herself must be carefully taken into consideration.
All sweaters of this type are out of stock now. We'll order them from the main store in Tokyo.
This sofa takes too much room.
This sofa is in no way comfortable to sit in.
How much is this sofa?
This sofa can seat three people easily.
Somebody has been sleeping on this sofa.
This soda is less sweet than that.
Try this sauce.
You are asked to produce your permit to get in this center.
It is correct to say that psychological readiness is important in this therapy.
This seminar will target senior marketing leaders from Japanese firms.
It must have been difficult for her to knit this sweater.
Put on this sweater.
Try on this sweater.
Will you exchange this sweater for a larger one?
May I try this sweater on?
This sweater is warm.
This sweater will stand washing.
This sweater is all stretched out of shape.
The sweater is made of pure wool.
This sweater is made by hand.
I think this sweater will look good on you.
I don't like this sweater.
What do you think of this sweater?
This sweater costs more than fifty dollars.
The slogan was designed to rouse the people.
Please put on these slippers.
It seems I will have to get rid of this worn out carpet.
I'd like to have these pants cleaned.
These trousers are made of durable cloth.
This pair of trousers is just right for me.
These trousers are dirty.
These pants are too fancy for me.
These pants tend to go baggy at the knees.
These trousers are too large.
These trousers need pressing.
These stockings are very dear.
This stove burns oil.
This heater won't heat up that large room.
Something seems to be wrong with the stereo set.
How much would you charge to repair this stereo?
You must attach this label to your suitcase.
This steak is too tough.
Is this steak done?
This steak is as tough as shoe leather.
This style is much in vogue.
This sushi is seasoned with plenty of horse-radish.
This scandal has severely damaged the public image of our company.
The scandal could lead to the firing of some senior officials.
This ski wear keeps out the cold wind.
This scarf feels soft and smooth.
This scarf feels soft.
This skirt hangs nicely.
This skirt is a little too tight.
Does this skirt suit me?
I don't like this skirt. It always rides up.
This soup is too thin for me.
This soup tastes of onions.
This soup smacks of fish.
I can taste something strange in this soup.
This soup needs something to pick it up.
This soup needs more salt.
This soup wants a bit of salt.
This soup tastes of wine.
This soup has no substance.
This soup needs just a touch of salt.
The soup is thick.
The soup tastes of garlic.
This soup is really good.
This soup is too salty to eat.
This soup tastes good.
How does this soup taste?
How salty this soup is!
There's too much salt in this soup.
This supermarket delivers only on Saturday.
There is plenty of wear left in this suit yet.
Please choose me a tie for this suit.
Will you please help me carry this suitcase?
Will you help me pick out a tie to go with this suit?
Would you mind helping me carry this suitcase?
Keep an eye on this suitcase.
I'll carry this suitcase for you.
How much is the monthly fee of this swimming school?
If you touch this switch, it will open the curtains automatically.
This suite is three times larger than my condominium.
Let's qualify this gin with tonic water.
This symbol stands for strength and integrity.
What does this sign signify?
What hours is the shopping center open?
This beer mug holds one pint.
In this show, the accent is on robots.
I still have to get rid of this carpet.
This carpet is big enough to cover the whole floor.
The size of the carpet is 120 by 160 centimeters.
This juice tastes sour.
This shampoo comes with a nice hair brush.
The net weight of this jam is 200 grams.
This shaft links with a piston.
You need to wash this shirt.
May I exchange this shirt for a smaller size?
This shirt is the standard size.
This shirt wants washing.
I don't think this shirt goes with that red tie.
The color of the shirt held fast.
This shirt is a little bit loose.
This shirt is too small for me to wear.
I don't like this shirt. Show me another.
These shirts are selling like hotcakes.
Whose shirt is this?
This shirt doesn't go with that tie at all.
This shirt costs ten dollars.
Put this jacket on, and you'll be much warmer.
Can I try on this jacket?
I don't like this jacket.
Is this jacket right for me?
This jacket sets well.
This jacket is a tight fit.
Do you have this jacket in different colors?
This blot can't be wiped out.
This zipper doesn't zip smoothly.
Could you give me a hand with this stew?
The stew smells delicious.
This system has obvious defects.
With this system a protection circuit has been built in.
Do you think this jelly's firm enough to eat yet?
This jet travels about three times as fast as the speed of sound.
These jeans feel too tight. May I try on another size?
The sheets feel damp.
This salad tastes of lemon.
This size is too large for me.
Please call this lady a taxi.
Please move out of the way so this lady can go through.
This computer network is, as it were, the nervous system of the company.
This computer is second to none in quality.
This computer runs on batteries.
This computer can cope with much work.
This computer is powerful, efficient, and easy to use.
This computer often goes out of order.
This computer will prove costly in the long run.
Operation of this computer is tricky.
This computer is superior to that one.
I know a lot about this computer.
This computer saves a great deal of time.
I bought this computer one year ago and it's already a dinosaur.
These days he disobeys his parents.
Recently we have had many mild days.
These days people visit here.
I have seen nothing of him lately.
I'm not feeling well lately.
You can't rely on him these days to do a proper job.
I have a little time for reading these days.
I have little time for reading these days.
It is getting warmer and warmer these days.
Today it's difficult to make ends meet.
Children learn to swim in school today.
It gets dark about half past five these days.
I haven't been in contact with Mr Smith recently.
About this time, the disease slowed.
These days many people use computers.
This golf course is not open to non-members.
This cork will not come out.
I found this column interesting.
With this as background I turn now to an account of the present state of evolutionary biology.
Aside from this, he was in good health.
Keep this in mind.
I have heard this proverb used.
This shows his loyalty to his friends.
You should keep it close.
This does not mean that they have nothing in common with other peoples.
Please keep this a secret.
Don't share this with anyone.
You can see this easily if you put a straw into a glass of water.
Let's keep this matter to ourselves.
This will mean that growing food will become difficult.
This is true of adults as well as of children.
This is as true of a cat as of a dog.
This is true of students.
This means that houses are starting to sink, roads are breaking up and lamp-posts are leaning at crazy angles.
How would you take these words?
This is a fortune for us.
These words came out of the book you have.
This has come about through several causes.
This may not sound serious.
This means that there are twice as many chopstick- and finger-users as fork-users.
The reason for this is that we found no variation of those morphemes.
The time will come when you will regret this.
I'll get in touch with you again about this matter.
May I direct your attention to this?
Her good fame was greatly damaged by this.
This will give him something to cry about.
This aroused her suspicion.
This led to unexpected results.
It follows from this that he must be innocent.
From this, it follows that he is innocent.
From this we can derive the argument that major population shifts are not the result of economic change.
It follows from this that the company is not responsible for the accident.
This makes good human relations.
I filled this glass with milk.
This glass contains water.
The address on this parcel is wrong.
The coffee shop is haunted by aspiring artists.
This coffee is so hot that I can't drink it.
This coffee is too strong for me.
This coffee tastes bitter.
This coffee is not hot enough.
This coffee is too bitter.
This coffee is a blend of Java and Brazil.
This coffee tastes burnt.
Wear this coat, or you will catch a cold.
Could you put this coat somewhere?
This coat is out of date.
This overcoat is inferior to mine in quality.
This coat is warm.
This coat is too short on me.
This coat is nice, but too expensive.
This coat fits you.
The coat is lined with fur.
This coat hasn't pockets.
I'll take this coat.
Get rid of this vomit yourself!
This coat may well fit you.
This game can be played by young children.
You will find this game very interesting.
This game is fixed.
If you give it a try, you will find this game very exciting.
This case also applies to other cases.
This cake doesn't really live up to its reputation.
Have a little of this cake.
I'll keep this cake for myself.
Let's try this cake.
We need flour, sugar and eggs to make this cake.
Divide this cake among you three.
This cake tastes too sweet for me.
This cake is made of the finest ingredients.
This cake is sweet.
How was this cake made?
This cake is very sweet.
This cake is very delicious.
This cake tastes like it has cheese in it.
The cake tastes divine!
This credit card entitles us to certain privileges.
Do you honor this credit card?
I would like to emphasize the Confucian values that exist within this group.
This is more like a liquid than a facial cream. That makes it easy to use.
This ground belongs to the school.
Is there a live band or a DJ in this club?
Is the club gay or straight?
Three quarters of the members of this club are girls.
There are fifty members in this club.
If you join this club, you will be entitled to use all of its facilities.
The club has thirty members.
This class consists of forty pupils.
There are more girls than boys in this class.
What is the average age of this class?
This class is composed of 35 pupils.
This class is made up of thirty-five pupils.
Who is responsible for this class?
The average height of the girls in class is over 155 centimeters.
There are only three girls in the class.
How many boys are there in this class?
This class consists of 15 boys and 28 girls.
That amount of crops isn't enough to support their economy.
These cookies aren't expensive, but they taste good.
I can make nothing of this quiz.
This candy costs eighty cents.
Please confirm the cancellation by e-mail.
This rule doesn't apply to every case.
The roots of this tree go down deep.
This mushroom is not good to eat.
Is this ticket good for this bus?
The guitar is in tune.
What's this key for?
Where shall I hang this calendar?
The calendar has many pretty pictures.
This curry is too hot.
This curry is too hot to eat.
Please take this chart to the X-ray Room on the third floor.
This mustard really bites the tongue.
Burn this rubbish on the fire.
I bought this camera for 35,000 yen.
Is this camera for sale?
This camera is small, but very good.
This new camera is a snap to use.
I don't like this camera.
How do you use this camera?
This camera was made in Germany.
Whose is this camera?
How much is this camera?
This camera is less expensive than that one.
This camera was given me by my uncle.
I think it will cost you more than 10,000 yen to have this camera fixed.
Will you show me the way to use the camera?
This camera is dutiable.
Would you take a picture of us with this camera?
Take this capsule within thirty minutes of each meal.
This bag is mine.
This bag won't do for traveling abroad.
This bag cost me 6 pounds.
The cup is made of gold.
It is reasonable to think that there exist other anomalies in this category.
Please leave a urine sample in this cup.
These salted bonito guts are too salty for me.
He came to that which was his own, but his own did not receive him.
This man is full of grace and truth.
In him was life, and that life was the light of man.
This is the doctor whom I spoke of last night.
I want to have this cassette recorder fixed.
This cage is made of wire.
Please put on this gown.
This key won't go in the lock.
Please pay at this counter.
This guide book will help you to make plans for the trip.
This guidebook is handy to take on a trip abroad.
This car wax gives permanent protection against heavy rain.
This carpet feels nice.
This carpet was a real bargain.
This carpet is designed for residential use.
This carpet is superior to that one in quality.
Do you accept this card?
Will you fill out this form, please?
Can I get travelers checks with this card?
Can I borrow cash with this card?
What's the cash limit on this card?
This curtain is made of fine material.
Mother chose this curtain.
This cuisine is seasoned to evoke the esprit of Paris.
Could you cook this meat a little more?
These presents are really bulky.
I hope this good weather will hold till then.
The tea is so hot that I cannot drink it.
This tea is very hot.
This tea is called green tea.
This doll has big eyes.
When was this temple built?
We will try to correct it in order to straighten out our finances.
If you have any reasons for not clearing this payment, please let us know.
If you have not yet paid this bill, please let us hear from you.
Could you change this bill, please?
Please change these bills into coins.
Please change this bill into coins.
Please keep this money for me.
I would rather throw the money away than give it to him.
I may as well throw the money away as give it to him.
Give me all this money.
What are you going to do with this money?
You shall have this money.
Let's put this money aside for our summer trip.
This money is for a rainy day.
I mean this money for your study abroad.
This money will allow me to buy a car.
Will this amount of money meet your need?
I would be grateful for your approval of this request.
Help yourself to these cakes.
Can I have this orange?
There is too much acid in this orange.
These oranges mature fast.
These oranges are ten for a dollar.
This toy car runs on batteries.
The office is full of competent people.
I like this overcoat. May I try it on?
I don't know how much this motorcycle is.
The conductor of this orchestra is a fine musician.
Is this engine functional?
This engine works well.
This engine consumes the most oil.
This elevator does not go above the sixth floor.
This elevator is capable of carrying ten persons.
This elevator is out of order. Please use the stairs.
This elevator is capable of carrying 10 persons at a time.
This elevator's capacity is ten people.
This elevator will take you up to the tenth floor.
This essay is my own.
This essay shows a great improvement.
This air conditioner consumes a lot of electricity.
Who is at the bottom of these rumors?
I'm aching to tell this good news to my family.
This corn hurts a lot.
This whisky is too strong.
This instant soup comes in individual packets.
How do you like this whisky?
I don't think these ink stains will come off.
This ink stain will not wash out.
These earphones don't work.
I'm troubled by this wart.
Would you take part in this event?
This chair is made of wood.
This chair is too low for me.
I feel uncomfortable in this chair.
Indeed this chair is fine to look at, but it will not stand up to long use.
This chair is very comfortable.
What will you take for this chair?
I feel quite at ease when I sit in this chair.
Please sit down on this chair.
This cuttlefish has started to lose its freshness.
This house is to let.
You'll get a clear picture with this antenna on the roof.
Please fill out this questionnaire and send it to us.
I don't feel like filling out this questionnaire. There are too many items.
This album reminds me of my happy school days.
I never see this album without thinking of my high school days.
I must point out that we need to clarify the meaning of this over-used concept.
Six families live in this apartment house.
This apartment is bigger than any other one in the building.
I can not bear living in this apartment any longer.
I like this apartment so much that I wouldn't move for the world.
When you walk around here, you have to look out for falling rocks.
May I show you around?
The current is rapid around here.
Telephone booths are as scarce as hen's teeth around here.
There are few places to park around here.
We do not have snow here.
There used to be rice fields around here.
There are few houses around here.
There is a dense population of young people around here.
The area has been built up since I came here.
The air is pure around here.
I'm a stranger here.
This area has changed completely.
What are the main sights around here?
Is there a post office around here?
Is there a public phone around here?
Do you know of any good restaurant near here?
Nobody by that name is to be found around here.
I think it's somewhere around here.
There was a car accident near here, wasn't there?
I lost my key about here.
I was surprised to hear that she passed for a model here.
They live on potatoes around here.
Please wait around for a while.
Please let me off here.
This new town is beautifully laid out.
Take this aspirin.
Please fix the iron.
This T-shirt wore quite well.
This T-shirt is too small for me.
I bought this T-shirt on sale.
How much is this T-shirt?
I liked these T-shirts, and I bought three of them.
This science-fiction novel is very interesting.
This science fiction story seems interesting. Will you lend it to me when you have finished reading it?
From tomorrow this email address will be invalid.
May I borrow this CD?
Set the CD player square with the front edge of the shelf, please.
This CD belongs to her.
This food called BLT; what's in it?
I have been learning English these four years.
I'm looking forward to seeing you this April.
Prices have been stable for the past three years.
I have eaten nothing for the past three days.
It has kept raining for the past three days.
These three pretty girls are all nieces of mine.
She has been out of work these two years.
I haven't had time to do the dishes for two days; they are in a pile in the kitchen sink.
At this second shock, I began to cry.
Who wrote these two letters?
The two of them were never to meet again.
You should leave out these two lines.
These two are very different from each other.
These two lines are at right angles.
It is likely that these two consonants are in complementary distribution.
These two plans are alternative.
It is not sufficient to describe the differences in attitude between these two ethnic groups.
Choose either of the two T-shirts.
I have been as busy as a bee for the past two months.
In the course of the past year, prices have doubled.
Read this passage and translate it into Japanese.
I want to change this dollar bill into ten dimes.
In the past month, three houses, all in good condition, have been torn down.
In the last fifteen or twenty years, there have been great changes in family life in Britain.
Could you give me some change for this ten dollar bill?
Could you break this ten dollar bill?
I'd like to break this 100 dollar bill into four 20 dollar bills and twenty singles.
I'm troubled by this birth-mark.
Those four words carried not only a lot of complex information, but also the persuasive force of a proverb.
Proverbs are full of wisdom.
As the proverb says, "Time is money."
The proverb runs as follows.
As the proverb goes, time really is money.
Of all things, why did he give me a hat for my birthday? I don't wear a hat.
The affair ran more smoothly than we expected.
It is difficult to ascertain what really happened.
My father will possibly come on the next train.
Maybe you'd better come with us.
All things cooperated to make her pass the exam.
It would be best to leave it to a man who knows the ropes.
Handle the glasses carefully.
Take care not to drop that glass.
Give the glasses a good boil.
There's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip.
I've chipped off a piece of the glass.
Take care not to break the glasses.
Who broke the cup?
Please bring me some glasses.
The glass is full of water.
The glass is full of milk.
The glass is filled with milk.
The glass was broken to pieces.
There isn't any milk in the glass.
Don't pour hot water into the glass or it will crack.
Fill a glass with water.
There is a little water in the glass.
My fingers left marks on the glass.
There is little water left in the glass.
There is a little milk in the glass.
There is little milk in the glass.
There is little water in the glass.
The glass dropped from his hand.
The glass broke to pieces.
The glass crashed to the ground.
Give me a glass of water, please.
I had a glass of beer to quench my thirst.
A face with too much make up looks strange.
Come here and have a look at it.
Get over here and be quick about it!
Will you please hold this edge?
The locals around here really live at a relaxed pace.
Put yourself in my position.
Come over here and join us.
Turn the light over here, will you?
I steal into the house.
It's a snap once you get the hang of it.
Working for peanuts is all very well.
Stick at it, and you'll pass the exam.
The cook served the family for many years.
The cook broiled the meat.
As a cook he is in a class by himself.
The cook hasn't put any on it.
I think I'm starting to get the hang of it.
Got the hang of it?
Overseas service here.
Can I chew on this side?
Don't fritter away your allowance.
Look at the boy and his dog that are coming this way.
If you happen to be out this way, be sure to call in at my house.
Please drop in on us when you come this way.
This is Goroh Watanabe.
This is my daughter.
This is the man of whom I spoke the other day.
This is my cousin.
This is Wonder Music Shop.
This is Tom speaking. I'd like to speak to Ann.
This is Mr Smith speaking. Is Mr Johnson in?
This is Ken. He really likes his dog.
I hope you're enjoying your stay here.
This is the man for you to speak to.
This was quite primitive compared to that.
It is very cold here all the year round.
This is room No. 1025. Room service, please.
If you should come this way again, please drop in.
This one is prettier.
This costs more than that.
Please bring this gentleman a glass of beer.
I want you to keep up with me.
We received an acknowledgement of our letter.
I'm sorry to have troubled you owing to our mistake.
We hope you will understand the difficult circumstances we're working under.
This is better by far.
This register is out of commission.
If you're ever in the area, give me a call.
I made motions at him to come here with my hand.
Come here, and I'll show you.
Don't fail to call on me when you come this way.
Get in touch with me as soon as you arrive here.
May I sit here?
Be sure to look us up when you're in town.
We have very big lotus leaves.
There's no one by that name here.
Could you sign here, please?
Please drop in when you come this way.
Be sure to call on me when you come this way.
Be sure to drop in on us if you come our way.
We should take matters into our own hands.
Is it for here?
Is that to eat here or take out?
Here or to go?
These are my shoes and those are yours.
This is the boy who showed me around the city.
This is the couple who showed me the way.
This is the boy whom I met there yesterday.
This is Mr Yasuda.
This is the lady I spoke of yesterday.
We'll call Dr. Shiegal for you.
This is the boy whose name is Tom Fisher.
Here is your key.
This is the girl you wanted to see.
This is Miss Curtis.
Don't make a fuss.
We thoroughly enjoyed the delicious meal.
Please eat up your dinner.
The fewer, the better.
All the dinner had been eaten before he came.
Of course you'll catch a cold if you fall asleep under the kotatsu. You have to learn to take care of yourself.
Don't say anything that might get you into trouble.
I felt relieved when all the troubles were taken care of.
Never trouble till trouble troubles you.
It is not necessary to be meticulous.
Cosby's argument concerns the reliability of the Hette Manuscript.
High costs made it hard to carry on his business.
Kozue thought the teacher's lecture was dull, boring and endless.
Kozue has never given way to despair in her life.
The small business man failed and his business went down for the count.
You put far too much pepper in it.
Please pass me the pepper.
Pepper burned his mouth.
Prices are high here but that's because the after-sale service is really good.
Do you have many friends here in Japan?
There are so many people here in Tokyo.
The Union of South Africa has had racial problems in recent years.
The quality of their products has gone down over the years.
The number of traffic accidents has increased in recent years.
The birthrate will continue to decline for years to come.
We've had all kinds of weather over the past few days.
It's been overcast for the past few days.
For the past few days Jane has been quiet and out of humor.
It's been pouring here for the last few days.
The weather will remain cold for several days.
Her health has been declining these past months.
Monetary policy in United States has been characterized by tight credit over the months.
Koko herself cannot use spoken language, but she loves to listen to people's conversations.
The snow is very deep here in our town in January.
Prices have gone up these three months.
We've been having strange weather the past few years.
Don't fail to come and see me one of these days.
What do you think were the year's ten biggest items of news?
Let's cross here.
The area the center of which is here was bombed.
Let's count heads before we leave.
Open up your mind.
Do not forget to take your umbrella when you leave here.
It's really hard to drive on the bumpy roads around here.
There are a lot of places to see around here.
Let's take a 10-minute break.
Don't tell me you're going to back out after all the plans we've made.
As long as I've come this far, I'll see it through.
Everything here is mine.
Have I missed anything so far?
Up to this point I have presented an overview of the growth of political unrest in the period.
I ran all the way here and I'm out of breath.
On my way here, the strong wind blew my umbrella inside out.
Whenever I come here, I feel at ease.
Come here! I mean you.
Come here, and you can see the sea.
Come here, John.
Do not come here.
Come here and help me.
Did you come here by train or by bus?
Put down your name and address here.
Let's set up a sign here.
Are you here on business or for pleasure?
Letters are delivered here about noon.
I am here on business.
It always leads me here.
Did you come across anyone you know on your way here?
You can reach me at this number.
It is nice and cool here.
You are banned from entering this place.
It is quiet here at night.
Koko chose the tree.
Can I buy things here duty-free?
Koko is not an ordinary gorilla.
This is a hospital.
This is the house in which she used to live.
This is where they usually have their evening meals.
You must pay the admission fee here.
The traffic is heavy here, especially in the morning.
This is a place where animals are buried.
This is a business section of Tokyo.
The soil here is fertile.
Parking is prohibited here.
They allow parking here.
Local people wouldn't be caught dead here.
There is no passage for big vehicles here.
Koko continued to learn fast.
I am quite a stranger here.
This place used to be a field.
This is where my family used to live.
This is holy ground.
There's a nice breeze here.
The food is good, and service is good here.
This is the site of a castle.
The traffic is heavy here.
Here is a fit space for whiling away.
Is this the place where the accident happened?
Koko is a female gorilla.
This is the church where we got married.
This is the school where my father used to go.
This is the TV station where my uncle works as an announcer.
This is the village where I was born.
This is the restaurant where we had dinner last week.
I'll pay for it.
This is the park where we said our last good-bye.
This is the best restaurant that I know.
This is where I was born and brought up.
This is the hospital which I was born in.
This is the town where I was born.
It's the dry season here.
This place isn't convenient to public transportation.
Traffic is busy here.
The air is bad here. Will you open the window?
Refrain from smoking here.
This room is comfortable.
I have often been here.
Where is this?
Where on earth was I?
What's the name of this street, please?
These are not first-class carriages.
This is the very room that I first met my wife in.
It's been pretty much the same over here.
You will be safe from any danger here.
It's very hot here.
It is very cold here.
It's boiling in here.
This looks like a nice watering hole.
It isn't as cold here as in Alaska.
This place is too shady for taking photos.
Koko knows and uses more than 500 words in sign language, the language of deaf people.
This is the castle which we visited last week.
This is the unforgettable place where we met each other for the first time.
This is the restaurant that I often eat at.
It's warm here all the year round.
This is by far the best seafood restaurant in this area.
Are you going to cut down all the trees here?
These books are accessible to all students.
The cartilage has slipped out here.
Did you get permission to park here?
The geographical features here are similar to those of our prefecture.
The local brew is excellent.
Testing Koko's IQ is not easy.
Prices here are out of this world.
It's not that every student likes sports.
Here are a few coppers.
These people hate all foreigners.
A small gear is missing here.
Let's sit here on the grass.
None of these offices have air-conditioning.
This factory uses an integrated manufacturing system standardized from parts on through to finished products.
The traffic has built up here.
The climate here doesn't agree with me.
The climate here is mild.
The climate here is milder than that of England.
The temperature here is higher than that of Tokyo.
What are the points of interest here?
How many cats are there in this house?
Houses here are double the price of those in Kobe.
Since the computer here can't change the system, I can't do anything.
How often do the buses run in an hour?
I'm so busy these days it makes my head spin. I don't even have time to watch a video.
What is the average rainfall for July here?
Put your hands up here and get' em wet.
Don't scribble here.
Life has been so flat since I came here.
How long have you been here?
Please get in touch with me when you are here.
Here is a basket full of vegetables.
There are many wildflowers here.
"I will grow many trees here", he said to himself.
Fill in your name and address here.
I have a chronic pain here.
Here is a book.
Here is note from him. He must have come here.
Does anyone here speak Japanese?
I have a dull ache here.
Draw a straight line here.
Let's not stay here long.
You can park here.
Could I park my car here?
Write down your date of birth here.
You may park here.
I know that there was a big church here.
I have a continuous pain here.
I have a cut here.
Here's some water.
I have a burning pain here.
There's a scratch here. Could you give me a discount?
Write it down here, please.
Here are about ten boys.
I'd like to talk to one of your guests.
Please put your name and address, please.
How long have you lived here?
The people living here belong to the upper class.
Not everyone who lives here is rich.
It has been three years since I came to live here.
Here is a weekly magazine.
Write the receiver's name here, please.
Here is a pan without handles.
It's illegal to park your car here.
You cannot park your car here.
Here is a photograph of my family.
You may sit here.
Is it OK if I sit here?
There are five pencils here.
Here is an atomic power plant.
I have a severe pain here.
All you have to do is to write your name and address here.
Here is the book you are looking for.
Here is your dog. Where is mine?
Here is your dog.
Here is a method of fighting down your fear.
Since you're here, you had better eat dinner.
You may stay here if you want to.
Did you see a bag here?
I have an acute pain here.
May I put it down here?
Here are two pencils: one is hard, and the other soft.
I have a sharp pain here.
It has been over three years since I moved here.
Here is her letter asking us to take care of her only son.
There used to be an elementary school here.
Is it possible to be here a little longer?
Are there any balls here?
I have a stinging pain here.
This is an historic city.
There is enough here to feed the whole family.
Elephants abound here.
There are not less than five hundred students here.
There's no one but me here.
Here is my album.
There used to be a prison here.
Could you tell me what to put here?
This place has everything.
How long do we stop here?
We had better not remain here any longer.
We had better not remain here.
Twenty families live here.
There are no more than six persons here.
There's no room to study here. If only I had a room of my own!
There are a number of methodological problems here, not to mention the inaccuracy of some of the results.
I can't find my notebook here; I must have put it elsewhere.
There is no advantage in staying here.
Here's a big map of Germany.
Let's put up our tent here.
Here are some words whose spelling may cause trouble.
I have a mild pain here.
I will grow many trees here.
I have a graze here.
She has had to stay here.
Let's sit here for a while and look at the view.
Would you sign here?
I have a persistent pain here.
Just sign here.
Could you sign here?
Don't throw trash here.
Who put this paper here?
Let's put up the Christmas tree here.
I've been here three months, and so far I've enjoyed it.
Did you use to live here?
I hereby declare the opening of the Olympic Games.
Sit down here and warm yourself.
Here the authors touch on the central methodological issue.
It is a great pleasure to be here.
It's wonderful to be here.
Every boy here has a girlfriend.
I can't help but feel that when I come here, all my senses are sharper than usual.
As long as you're here, you'd better take a bath.
Come, boy, sit down. Sit down and rest.
Could you initial here?
Stay here and wait for him, please.
The people which were here have all gone.
Here were some relics.
We have several bags here.
Write down your name here.
Will you write your name here?
Here's the map you are looking for.
Here is a picture to show you.
Here is a new magazine for you to read.
Here are some letters for you.
I have five here and as many again.
Here are two stamps.
Here are two dogs; one is white and the other is black.
There is a yard of cloth.
After a month's stay here I will get much better.
Here are five amazing facts about English today.
You can get a better look over here.
In order to get the coconut milk, you must first crack the coconut open.
Something else to be borne in mind here is the rapidity with which the virus can reproduce.
Could you make a reservation for me?
Don't play here.
Don't play baseball here.
You are not supposed to play baseball here.
Let's meet here again tomorrow.
The point we must clarify here is that the lines between amateur and professional in sport are beginning to disappear.
Do study here.
It is ten years since I came to live here.
Can I study here?
Stay here and wait for him.
Sitting here in the sun, I still feel cold.
How long have you been working here?
Do you sell desk lamps here?
It is dangerous to cross the street here.
You mustn't park here.
We had better go home rather than wait here.
Please wait here.
A lot of soldiers were killed here.
Wine made here is very famous.
Don't be noisy here.
Don't make noise here.
We can get many coals here.
For here, please.
Let's rest here.
Is this to eat here, or to go?
Can I check my baggage here?
Pull over right here.
Are we allowed to take pictures here?
Let's take a picture here.
Can I take pictures here?
Would you mind me smoking here?
Here we took the boat for Alaska.
Thank you. Please stop here.
I'll get off here.
Don't stop here.
Let's get off here.
Let's drink the cup of tea here.
This debate about the future of the ozone layer has been mostly about profits and politics.
It was nice meeting you here.
A fierce battle was fought here.
I never imagined meeting you here.
Never did I expect to see you here.
What a surprise to see you here!
How lucky I am to meet you here!
Let's take a break now.
Do I have to take off my shoes here?
Let's take a rest here.
Start a new paragraph here.
What are you doing here?
How lucky to meet you here.
Did you lose anything here?
What's going on here?
What do you think came to pass here?
Nothing is ever done here without dispute.
You are not to smoke here.
Please refrain from smoking cigarettes here.
May I smoke here?
It is dangerous to swim here.
Let's shelter here from the rain.
Do you mind my smoking here?
I would like to have a rest here.
What would you do if you met a lion here?
Again, we can see this approach as deriving from Matthew Arnold's idea that everywhere there is connection.
You can get an idea what we are doing here soon.
We cannot play baseball here.
Watch out for thieves around here.
The weather is changeable here.
Don't talk in a loud voice here.
We find diverse ethnic and economic interests here.
Don't run here.
You ought to find nice shoes here.
Only girls' shoes are sold here.
The period of hot weather is very short here.
You may be free to do what you like.
You have to make your own bed here.
Here, I'll confine this discussion to why many foreigners enjoy sumo.
Children can play without danger here.
Bricks never take the place of ferro-concrete here.
Please refrain from smoking here.
You are not supposed to smoke here.
Fish is sold by the pound here.
You are not supposed to smoke in here.
We don't carry leather goods.
They grow fruit here.
Several teas are sold here.
Anything goes here.
Please make yourself at home here.
You cannot swim here.
You have to speak English here.
We can enjoy skiing here all the year round.
It almost never rains here.
The buses run every ten minutes here.
Put it there, not here.
You can speak out freely here.
Smoking is strictly forbidden here.
You must not speak so loudly here.
That is not how we do things here.
Beware of pickpockets here.
Don't make such a noise here.
They serve excellent food here.
You had better not make a noise here.
We use DS as an abbreviation of 'dyad' style.
We deal here with Emmet's 'dyad' style first presented in his experimental works in the late sixties.
It gets cold here at this time of the year.
The insurance covers everything here.
The question here is one of creating the framework with which we can outline the social trend.
The debate has been interesting, confusing, and sometimes horrifying.
Here the wages are paid in proportion to the amount of work done.
Let us suppose that the number of incidents is twice that of those officially recorded.
My concern here is whether the women's movement is fading or not.
Smoking is not permitted here.
Smoking is not allowed here.
I could live peacefully here.
Let's watch TV here.
Watch TV here.
Could you wait here for the moment.
Would you mind my smoking here?
You can smoke here.
Do you mind if I smoke here?
We might as well walk home as try to catch a taxi here.
Can I catch a taxi here?
Let's discuss the matter here.
Please wait here for a while.
I little expected to see you here.
I little hoped to meet you here.
Articles bought here will be delivered free of charge.
It would be better if you took a rest here.
You are the last person that I expected to see here.
I am happy to see you here.
People who wait on you here are very friendly.
I'm surprised to see you here.
There may be two cases here.
Let's get off the bus here.
This is just between you and me.
Between ourselves, he was dismissed for bribery.
Between ourselves, the fat ugly witch is on a diet.
Between you and me, the fat ugly man is on a diet.
Between you and me, what is your opinion of her?
Between you and me, he's in trouble with the boss.
Between you and me, he's a shallow thinker.
This is just between you and me, he is a big eater.
Between you and me, he cannot be relied upon.
Between ourselves, he seems to be a homosexual.
Between ourselves, I think he is rather stupid.
Between ourselves, he is rather stupid.
Between you and me, he is rather stupid.
Between ourselves, he keeps a mistress.
Between you and me, I think our boss is stupid.
Between you and me, I don't like our new team captain.
Between you and me, Tom's idea doesn't appeal to me very much.
Between ourselves, this article is selling slowly.
I haven't seen anything of him for some time.
For the time being.
This is the very place that I have long wanted to visit.
This is where my father works.
This is the place where my father was born.
Is this the town where Mika was born?
This is the school where she is teaching.
This is the place where she works as a secretary.
This is the place where he killed himself.
This is believed to be the place where he died.
This is the room into which he went.
I have a pain here.
Is this one of the local hot spots?
This is the house in which the prime minister lives.
This is the shop at which I had a haircut.
This is where you are mistaken.
Get away from here.
The post office is a good five kilometers away from here.
Please tell me how to get to the post office from here.
It's only ten minutes' walk from here.
It is no more than ten minutes' walk from here.
It is not more than ten minutes' walk from here.
Can I walk down here?
It is no less than two hours' walk from here.
Mt Fuji can be seen from here.
How far is it from here to the museum?
How far is it from here to Hakata?
It's the same wherever you try and escape: everywhere is a death row, and everyone's a victim.
How long does it take from here to Tokyo Station by car?
It is far from here to Tokyo.
How far is it from here to Tokyo?
How long do you think it takes to go from here to Tokyo?
It is 5 miles from here to Tokyo.
We can see the whole city from here.
It seems a long way from here to the town.
You cannot go any farther.
How far is it to the library from here?
How far is it from here to Ueno?
Get out of here, and quickly.
Get out of here.
It's about a ten-minute drive from here.
It's two-hour drive from here to my uncle's house.
How long does it take to walk from here to the city hall?
How far is it from here to the park?
It is two miles from here to the park.
It looked like a strike to me from here.
How far is it from here to your school?
How long does it take from here to your house on foot?
How far is it from here to your house?
It's a long way from here to school.
It's fifteen minutes' walk from here to the campus.
We can hear the ocean from here.
How far is it from here to the sea?
How many stops from here?
It is about 1 mile from here to the station.
How long does it take to walk from here to the station?
How long does it take from here to the station?
What is the distance from here to the station?
How far is it from here to the station?
It's two miles from here to the station.
Where's the nearest pharmacy?
Where is the nearest subway station?
Where's the nearest gas station around here?
It's eight miles from here to London.
Can I telephone London from here?
Could you write me directions to the restaurant?
It is too far to go on foot from here to the hotel. Better take a taxi.
How long does it take to go from here to the Hilton Hotel?
It is a nice view from here.
Could you tell me how to get to Park Street from here?
How far is it from here?
You can make yourself heard even from here.
I understand I can get a bus to Disneyland from here.
About how much would a taxi be from here?
We can make it from here by taxi in time.
It will take you at least half an hour to go from here to the city on foot.
How far is it from here to the hotel?
It is an hour's drive from here to there.
How long does it take to get there from here?
Sydney is far from here.
How long does it take to get to Chicago from here?
It is a far cry from here to the goal.
How long does it take from here to your house by bike?
How long does it take from here to your house?
Please move this stone from here to there.
The income from this source is tax-free.
There is a village about three kilometers up the river from here.
Where's the nearest restroom?
I have a bad pain here.
This is Uncle Tom's farm.
I have a pricking pain here.
This is where the accident happened.
This is the place where the incident took place.
This is the room where the author killed himself.
I have a throbbing pain here.
I have a gripping pain here.
This is the main street of this city.
This is the place where the accident was.
This is the place where the incident happened.
Is this the place in which your mother works?
This is where the concert took place the other day.
This is the coffee shop I first met my wife in.
This is the place where the battle of Hastings took place.
This is the place where the battle took place.
How about a cup of cocoa?
There hasn't been any rain for the past three months.
It has been the driest June for thirty years.
I've had a nasal voice for two weeks.
Times have been bad these past few years.
During the past several years, many Japanese have been either killed or injured while traveling overseas.
It's quite an informal meeting.
As a rule of thumb, you should plan on one pound of beef for every two guests.
Until quite recently, people in developed countries didn't care much about the environment.
He is much better at sports than me, to say the least.
She looks satisfied when she catches a cockroach.
May I have a Coca-Cola?
Cockroaches hide themselves during the day.
Coke has always been the top dog when it comes to soft drinks.
Coca-Cola advertisements can be seen all over the world.
The goals were placed at the opposite ends of the town.
The goal is still some distance away.
The cola made my tongue tingle.
Has all the coke been drunk?
More than one bottle of coke was consumed.
Go and buy three bottles of coke.
Three coffees, please.
The coffee break is an American institution.
Have some coffee?
Give me a cup of coffee.
Will you have a cup of coffee?
Make coffee.
I'll put some coffee on.
Will you make coffee for me?
I'd like my coffee after the meal.
Would you like to have some coffee?
Bring me a cup of coffee, will you?
Bring me a cup of coffee, please.
You've left your coffee. Don't you like it?
Serve the coffee, please.
I will make some coffee.
Coffee keeps me awake.
Will you have some coffee?
Let's talk over a cup of coffee.
Shall we talk about it over a cup of coffee?
Let's discuss the plan over a cup of coffee.
Give me a coffee, please.
A cup of coffee relieved me of my headache.
I feel more alert after drinking a cup of coffee.
Would you like a cup of coffee?
What do you say to taking a cup of coffee?
I'd like to have tea instead of coffee.
Would you care for more coffee?
Please give me some more coffee.
Would you like more coffee?
Will you drink another cup of coffee?
I could really go for another cup of coffee.
Would you care for another cup of coffee?
Could I have one more coffee, please?
Give me another cup of coffee.
I'd like to have another cup of coffee.
I would like to have another cup of coffee.
Will you send down a pot of coffee?
Could I have a cup of coffee?
Would you like some coffee?
Please bring us two cups of coffee.
Please make me a cup of coffee.
A cup of coffee refreshed me.
Would you give me a cup of coffee?
I prefer coke to coffee.
How about another cup of coffee?
I would like to order one coffee machine (Model 25-A) and have enclosed your order form.
Mame uses a coffee mill to grind coffee beans.
The coffeepot is boiling.
I'd like my coffee weak.
I like my coffee strong.
I like coffee hot.
The coffee was so hot that I nearly burned my tongue.
Would you like your coffee with or after the meal?
I'm afraid there isn't any coffee left.
The coffee is too bitter for me to drink.
Coffee does harm to your stomach.
How about some more coffee?
Please put a lot of cream in my coffee.
Coffee is one of the staples of Brazil.
Coffee is Brazil's main product.
How do you like your coffee? Strong and black?
How would you like your coffee, black or with cream?
How do you like your coffee?
When would you like to have your coffee?
Coffee was introduced into Europe from Arabia.
I don't care much for coffee.
I like coffee better.
There isn't any coffee in the house.
The price of coffee has come down.
The coffee stain was difficult to remove.
The smell of coffee beckoned them.
Would you like another cup of coffee?
How do you take your coffee?
I'd like some more coffee.
The coffee enabled me to stay awake during the dull concert.
There is a big market for coffee.
How would you like your coffee?
There is coffee, and...coffee.
I put some cream in my coffee.
Would you like some cream in your coffee?
Shall we stop in at a coffee shop?
Why don't we talk over coffee?
Where is the coffee shop?
I'd like to have a coffee.
I had to sip the coffee because it was too hot.
I'm afraid I've run short of coffee.
Coffee ends a meal.
Would you like coffee or tea?
Some people like coffee and others prefer tea.
I'm dying for a cup of coffee.
I'd like a cup of coffee.
The coffee bubbled in the pot.
Two of the coffee cups were found to be damaged on arrival.
You've spilt your coffee.
Give me some coffee if there is any left.
Won't you have some coffee?
Gordon is interested in the Japanese way of life.
Gordon has had his head in the clouds all week.
I'll hold your bag while you put on your coat.
Let me help you put on your coat.
Put on your coat.
You should put your coat on.
Take off your coat.
Take off your coat and make yourself at home.
Why not take your coat off?
Shall I carry your coat?
Hang up your coat, please.
Please lay down your coat.
Put your coat on a hanger.
May I take your coat?
May I hang up your coat?
Hang your coat in the hall please.
A button has come off my coat.
One of the buttons has come off my coat.
I'd like seats right next to the court.
I'd like seats about fifty yards from the court.
The coach was waiting for the players to swim.
The coach made the players run five miles a day.
The coach considers Bob a good player.
The coach steered his team to victory.
The coach accused us of not doing our best.
The coach's advice saved us.
The coach gave me some advice.
The goggles protect your eyes from dust.
A coke, please.
Can you build a fire with twigs?
This change will make your plan more interesting.
This might lead us to believe that a simple culture would make use of a simple language, that a complex culture would make use of a complex language, and so on.
Some say this, and others say that.
It was a poor choice of words under the circumstances.
This is why I dislike cats.
I may seem confident, but I get extremely nervous speaking in front of people. My hands tremble, I get all tongue-tied, and sometimes I don't even know what I'm saying myself.
This is why I was late for school.
This is how it happened.
This is how people get rid of things they no longer need.
This is how I made the machine.
A bat hunts food and eats at night, but sleeps during the day.
Bats usually fly in the dark.
If you do it this way, you can save several hours.
There is nothing for it but to do it this way.
What else could I have done?
Koji was caught in a shower on his way home.
Thus he succeeded in winning her heart.
Kouji was lucky; his traffic accident left only a minor scratch on the side of his car.
Thus he succeeded.
This is how he killed the big bear.
I could stand here with you forever, just gazing off into the sea.
This is how I cook fish.
This is how I usually cook fish.
This is how the great empire came into existence.
With this she went out of the room.
All these books will be worth their weight in gold someday.
This complex situation arose because signals from the environment itself can be inadequate.
It's almost hard to believe all these beautiful things were made by hand such a long time ago.
This is snowy weather is giving me cabin fever.
In the light of these facts, it may be necessary to revise our theory.
These special characteristics explain its preference for still-hunting (lying motionless beside a seal's breathing hole, waiting for one to surface).
These quotations were effective in sending complex messages to his friends, because, in his day, people could quote from such authors with every expectation of being understood.
If you do that, it will help you.
After weighing all these considerations, the promoters will present their scheme in the form of a private bill; however, they might find themselves forced to alter the route in order to meet criticisms in Parliament.
This kind of thing doesn't occur very often.
These disputes between the two nations should be solved in accordance with international law.
Kouki's big mistake was having an accident while driving his father's car.
These kinds of jewelry are of little value.
Can these stars be seen in Australia?
Please tell me what I should do in this situation.
These are the important items to which careful attention is to be paid.
This work would do credit to a professional.
Such language doesn't harmonize with his character.
My time for these exercise and reading was at night, after work or before it began in the morning, or on Sundays.
This is why I quit the job.
For this reason, I cannot go with you.
For this reason I cannot agree with you.
On account of this, I can't attend the party.
You don't see this kind of vegetable vending machine in the city.
These books are not fit for young readers.
Such books as this are of no use to us.
This is how I mastered English.
Happy is the child who has such a mother.
What price do we have to pay for these advantages?
Some people are rather proud of being ignorant of such an important matter.
These persons run this country.
In a situation like this, there is nothing for it but to give in.
Experience talks in these cases.
These types of books have almost no value.
Cases of this nature are decreasing.
This kind of amusement has no attraction for me.
This kind of picture does not appeal to me.
Such manuals should be written in simpler language.
Those impossible suggestions just annoy me.
This is how it stands.
Under these circumstances, I cannot accept the offer.
As such is the case, I am sorry I can't accept your kind invitation.
This is the kind of job you should do all at once.
Such conduct is beneath your dignity.
That's the mind-set of a previous time. The current generation doesn't think that way.
In spite of these dangers, mountaineering is very popular.
This sort of music is not to the taste of everybody.
I doubt these generalizations.
He is not alone in this opinion.
This is why she is still angry with me.
This is why they left for America yesterday.
This is why he got angry with you.
This is why I fired him.
This is way I am refusing the offer.
This is the reason why I came here.
This is the reason I disagree with you.
This is why birds like the pigeon or the Arctic tern can find their way around the world.
This was why he entered the university.
This is the very reason why I take no interest in art.
This is how he smiled at me.
Am I correct in thinking thus?
This is the way I solved the problem.
For you who love adventure, this kind of hiking will meet your need.
I expect this is your first time for this.
It may not appeal to some, but I prefer to remain a salaried man; I don't have to worry so much about making both ends meet.
You'd better check these points.
Statesmen of this kind are hard to find.
That type of person is dull.
All these things serve to add to our happiness.
Will you pick up the laundry from the laundrette?
One side of a coin is called 'heads' and the other side is called 'tails'.
Let's toss up for it.
Here's a fine how-do-you-do.
Who's this nobody?
Would you dine with me?
Come on, I will beat you.
Koalas are more popular than kangaroos.
The koala is an animal peculiar to Australia.
Koalas can only be seen in Australia.
You find koalas in Australia.
What's Ken doing now?
Ken easily cleared the fence.
Both Ken and Meg are my friends.
The train for Cambridge leaves from Platform 5.
Passengers for Cambridge, please make your way to platform No.6.
Ken stopped talking and began to eat.
Ken joined the baseball club.
Ken folded the blanket in half.
Ken calls me every day.
Ken goes swimming day after day.
Ken makes his own bed every morning.
Ken laid aside some money each week.
Ken is busy now, isn't he?
Ken jumped over the wall.
Ken put on his clothes.
Ken always stands up for his mom when his parents quarrel.
Ken bought a fine wine for his father on his birthday.
Ken will be invited to the party by her.
Ken couldn't recall his name.
Ken inquired about his father.
Ken will grow into his brother's clothes by the end of the year.
Ken didn't work hard enough, so he failed the exam.
Ken is an eager student.
Ken learned many Japanese songs by heart.
Ken complained of a headache.
Ken is waiting for the arrival of the train.
Ken will be at home until noon.
Ken cried for help.
Ken must run fast.
Ken wasn't running.
Ken makes it a rule to get up early.
Ken appears a friendly person.
Ken walked on crutches.
Ken told his dog to wait there.
Ken wants a bicycle.
Ken painted his bicycle white.
Ken took the examination with confidence.
Ken was worried about the exam and everything.
Ken sat next to me.
He has several times as many books as I.
Ken was running beside me.
Ken lets his children have their own way, so they stay up late at night.
Ken runs fastest of the three.
Ken studied English last night.
Was Ken at home yesterday?
Ken called on his teacher yesterday.
Ken dashed up the slope.
Ken dare not try again.
Ken went as far as Aomori this summer.
Ken laid down his arms.
Ken is happy.
Ken collects old coins.
Ken shared the room with his elder brother.
Ken has more books than you.
Ken took the wrong bus by mistake.
Ken has made it.
Ken decided on going abroad.
Ken met her on his way home.
What is Ken eating?
Ken likes music very much.
Ken has no more than ten books.
Ken is good at swimming.
Ken talks as if he knew everything.
Ken seems to have a terrible cold.
Ken has never been to New York.
Ken goes to school by bus.
How long has Ken lived in Kobe?
No matter what I did, Ken wouldn't do what I told him.
Does Ken play tennis?
Ken beat me at chess.
Ken was running at that time.
Ken saved his face by passing the examination.
Ken kept on singing that song.
Ken was fined 7,000 yen for speeding.
Ken is not the type of person who loses his temper easily.
Ken put his shirt on inside out.
Ken is busy this afternoon.
Ken likes camping.
Ken has a guitar.
Ken hit on a good idea.
Ken runs faster than you.
Ken is going to the United States at the end of July.
Ken's father loved Ken all the more because he was his only son.
Ken is older than Seiko.
Ken must be home by now.
Ken has arrived in Kyoto.
Ken wishes to brush up his English.
Ken mistook you for me.
Ken can play the violin, not to mention the guitar.
Ken's talks always appeal to us.
Ken's story was as follows.
Ken's careless driving has caused his mother great anxiety.
Ken's uncle has a big chicken farm.
Ken's turn came.
Ken's team will win nine cases out of ten.
Shall I call Ken back?
The girl walking with Ken is May.
Ken and his brother are very much alike.
Which is taller, Ken or Taro?
Can I go on a date with Ken, Mom?
Did you have a fight with Ken?
It is no wonder to me that Gendou has something to do with.
I met a tall man named Ken.
Kentaro was tired and moreover his car's engine had got hot so he stopped driving.
Kensuke and Touji went out of their way to come to the station.
Ken climbed down from the tree.
Are you on the level, Ken?
Ken stands on the diving board.
It was just two weeks ago that Ken came to see me.
The desk which Ken uses is old.
I'll bite your head off!
It is today that Ken gets married.
Unless you stop fighting, I'll call the police.
It takes two to make a quarrel.
It is strange for Ken not to agree with us.
Ken lighted the candles.
Ken has been looking for you.
Ken came up to me.
Do you have the time to run over the draft of my speech, Ken?
It's high time you went to bed, Ken.
Be on your guard against pickpockets, Ken.
But he suddenly felt dizzy and he sat down again in his old chair.
But something has gone wrong.
Managers like Paula Grayson, however, are trying to persuade them to change their habits.
Pam doesn't use the word "drive", however.
Kelly has an eye for good English.
Kelly carries the news department.
Kelly eats like a horse.
Kelly cut physical education and went home.
Kelly struck a match and put it to his pipe.
Kelly worked until he dropped.
Kelly brought the matter to light.
Kelly cleared his throat and begin to speak.
Kelly's voice carries well.
Kelly's latest book appeared last week.
Kelly will appear on TV.
Kerry's on TV!
Kevin has bought a diamond ring and is going to pop the question to Kim tonight.
Kevin gave up the idea of going to Canada.
Kevin was brought up by his aunt in the country.
Nobody believed Kevin because all he ever told were tall stories.
Stick to jackets that aren't too gaudy.
Dressed in a loud and peculiar outfit, she stood out in the crowd.
Mr Kennedy pointed out our mistakes.
Kennedy Airport, please.
President Kennedy was killed, but his legend will live on forever.
Mr Kennedy was inaugurated as the President of the United States.
Kenneth Starr abused his power again and took away my right to get on-line.
Kenya used to be a British colony.
I burp a lot.
Kenya became independent in 1963.
I'm by no means angry with you.
Don't kick the door open.
Never play here.
The plan failed after all.
Democracy will be victorious in the long run.
We all know he was right after all.
Real ability wins in the end.
I made up my mind to come here after all.
I'd like to have ketchup on the side.
My grandmother posted the letter this morning.
When I woke up this morning, the rain had turned into snow.
It was raining heavily when I got up this morning.
When I got up this morning, I had a headache.
The dew fell this morning.
The train was late this morning.
I got up early this morning.
Is there any mail for me this morning?
I don't feel like taking a walk this morning.
I'm being good to you this morning.
Did you have to get up very early this morning?
You are very early this morning.
I got up at six-thirty this morning.
I was able to solve the question this morning.
The injured person wailed with pain after recovering from the anaesthesia.
The injured man was carried to the hospital.
Nobody was injured.
Though wounded, they continued to fight.
Please show me your injured arm.
The injured were carried to the hospital, and the dead to the church.
Some passengers were injured, but the others were safe.
The injured man cried for help.
Gary found an outlet for his energy in playing football.
As long as it doesn't interrupt the game!
John wins every time we play the game.
We amused ourselves by playing games.
The game has been indefinitely postponed.
None of these games are interesting.
A whistle is blown at the start of a game.
How did you feel about the game?
We hoped we'd be able to win the game.
The game added to the fun.
I felt exhausted when the game was over.
I pay quite a sum of money for each game-cassette.
Some students take the cable car.
I'd like to ride the cable car, but I'm afraid of heights.
From childhood I dreamed of being a pastry cook.
I failed to make a cake.
She divided the cake between the two.
It is no use looking for the cake; I already ate it.
Pharamp divided the cake into two.
Do not eat too much cake.
You cannot eat your cake and have it too.
You can't eat your cake and have it.
You can't have your cake and eat it too.
Will you eat a little cake?
In making a cake, you must use eggs, butter and sugar.
I need some sugar to make a cake.
I was making a cake.
Please help yourself to more cake.
You have already eaten the cake.
Have you eaten the cake yet?
Would you care for some more cake?
Can I tempt you to try another piece of cake?
Help yourself to the cake.
You have not eaten the cake yet.
Won't you have some cake?
Divide the cake between you two.
How about another piece of cake?
The cake were still warm, and they all ate and drank.
Blend butter and flour before adding the other ingredients of the cake.
You may take either half of the cake.
The cake was alive with ants.
There was an army of ants at the cake.
All of the cake is gone.
It's my fault that the cake was burned. I was talking on the phone and didn't notice the time.
Some of the cake is left in the kitchen.
There were two cakes. I ate one and then I ate the other.
Cake? I'm suddenly hungry again.
Professor Kay has been studying insects for forty years.
It was not until Kay received the doll that she stopped crying.
Where can I find a good gay club?
Waiting for Kate, I saw Bob and Mary.
I think Kate is also a clever person.
Kate took careful notes on the history lecture.
Kate went to a party to see her friend.
Kate drinks a lot of milk every day.
Kate has a cold.
Kate must be sick, for she looks pale.
Kate has very good features.
Kate was astonished by his behavior.
Kate sympathized with him.
Everyone says that Kate is a genius and will have a successful future.
Kate can hardly speak Chinese.
Kate is dressing her doll.
Kate stays in Izu over the weekend.
Kate went to school with an umbrella, but Brian didn't.
Kate always shows off the big diamond ring she got from her fiance.
Kate is running in the field now.
Kate keeps a dog.
I found that Kate was wealthy.
Kate absented herself from the meeting.
Kate is looked up to by everybody.
Kate made her family leave home.
Kate has been given an opportunity to play a major role in a movie.
Kate listened to the radio all day.
Kate is crazy about the new singer who appears on television frequently.
With her pure voice, Kate shined outstandingly on the stage of a musical.
Hasn't Kate arrived yet?
Kate hardly ever celebrates her birthday.
Kate was surprised by Brian's story.
Kate talked over the picture with Brian.
Kate came home by bus.
How kind Kate is!
Kate found the watch which she had lost.
Kate is very charming.
Kate speaks English very fast.
Kate is majoring in German.
Kate spread the cloth over the table.
Kate tries to walk on tiptoe.
Kate glanced at Chris and then ignored him, making him feel miserable.
Kate was made to read the book.
Kate was frightened to see the big dog.
Kate has three times as many records as Jane has.
Kate knows how to make a cake.
Kate is smarter than any other student in our class.
Kate captured the hearts of her classmates.
Kate is smarter than any other student in our class is.
Kate is the smartest student in our class.
Kate is the best singer in my class.
Kate ran to my father's restaurant.
Kate got some money from her father.
Kate is no less charming than her sister is.
Kate always shows off her diamond ring.
Kate is not as tall as Anne.
Kate isn't popular among her classmates because she always tries to have her own way.
Kate made an apple pie.
Kate came at five sharp.
Kate wants to finish her homework by ten.
Kate left this place for good.
Kate's father walks home from the station.
Kate has a good figure.
Kate's voice is clearly different from the other girls'.
I'll take them to Kate.
Kate's dog was barking at Brian at the gate at noon.
Kate's wish is to prove that she is a worthy actress.
Kate's father is about the house.
Could you bring this flower to Kate?
Kate was lying with her eyes open.
A girl named Kate came to see you.
Kate may well complain of her husband.
Kate broke his heart by rudely demanding he go away.
Chris noticed Kate walking through the neighborhood with a strange boy.
Nothing could hinder Kate from using all her energy to polish her performances.
From Kate's point of view, he works too much.
I found Kate more active than her brother.
When Kate played a minor part in a movie, her acting was criticized.
Keisuke is taller than I.
There's a Mr Kay wants to see you.
Keiko is kind, isn't she?
Keiko informed me of the arrival of his plane.
Gary will have been in Japan for six years next month.
Gerhard Schroeder is the first German chancellor not to have lived through World War II.
Gloria was easily the best singer of that evening.
The crocus is a forerunner of spring.
Croquet players must wear white clothing during play.
Can you do the crawl?
Gloria, don't let him feed you that line about his wife not understanding him.
The cleanser removed the dirt from the oven.
I am sure that Greg is going to follow in his father's footsteps.
Credit is an amount or limit to the extent of which a person may receive goods or money for payment in the future.
Credit is the amount or sum placed at a person's disposal by a bank; a loan of money.
Can I pay on credit?
Credit card companies are not looking so hard at credit ratings.
I'm calling because my credit card has been stolen.
It's easy to get into debt quickly with charge cards.
Your credit card, please.
I'm calling because I've lost my credit card.
Credit cards are useful but dangerous.
Where are your credit cards?
Do you have a credit card?
It makes sense to pay off your credit card balance every month.
I'd like to pay by credit card.
Please pay cash, not by credit card.
Grace goes to phone extension upstairs.
Do you know if Grace is at home?
Grace has not come yet.
Mr Grey did not enjoy his job.
Miss Gray told the boy to hold his tongue while she was speaking.
Would you like some more gravy?
Grace wore an indignant look.
How fast Greyhound buses run!
Graham Greene is my favorite author.
All the days went by, one like another.
It was good to feel like one of the group, because my blond hair and 185 cm height already made me stand out.
When all the group members are silent, somebody must break the ice.
Clint Eastwood was elected mayor of Carmel.
Clint Eastwood's latest movie is on at the theater.
Greenwich Village is a place which especially attracts the young.
I've put on a lot of weight since Christmas.
With Christmas just around the corner, I should do some shopping.
Tom broke his right leg and was taken to hospital a few weeks before Christmas.
How many days are there before Christmas?
Could you wrap it in Christmas wrapping?
Christmas is a special holiday.
Christmas comes a few days before New Year.
Christmas is a good time to market new toys.
Christmas is near at hand, isn't it?
Christmas is just around the corner.
Christmas is near at hand.
Christmas is only two weeks off.
We stayed in Hawaii over Christmas.
Christmas Day is December 25th.
On Christmas day, Tom still had his right leg in plaster.
Trang gave an unusually expensive Christmas gift to Sysko.
Book your flight early as it fills up quickly during Christmas.
Can I reserve a seat to Hawaii for Christmas?
What have you bought her for Christmas?
It's doubtful if we'll finish in time for Christmas.
What did you get for Christmas?
What do you want for Christmas, Jenny?
I look forward to seeing you at Christmas.
I think I have to go back on a diet after Christmas.
With the approach of Christmas, business improved somewhat.
Christmas is fast approaching.
I wish you a Merry Christmas.
It's dangerous to tell Chris your secrets because he tells everybody.
Chris was confident that Beth would be delighted with his improvement.
Chris does not appreciate how Beth lost the clock he lent her.
Chris is in a risky situation in science class.
Chris was hired to paint houses and was able to raise the money.
Chris didn't have a car.
Chris brought her a present and bravely gave it to her.
Chris is very attractive and wealthy, but not very modest.
Chris is very anxious to go to college.
Chris' heart felt so empty and damaged that it couldn't be repaired.
What happened to Chris? We don't see her these days.
Chris injured his leg playing tennis and is in a lot of pain.
Chris got a remarkable grade for the complex homework.
Chris recognized the boy from his math class and became very jealous.
Chris saw his favorite girl, Kate, having a private conversation with Beth.
Chris followed the two and cheerfully greeted Kate.
Chris cannot control his passion for the lovely new girl in town.
Brian is mad because Chris obviously does not intend to return the money.
Christine stayed in the shade all day, because she didn't want to get a sunburn.
Christi's mysteries are most decidedly interesting.
Chris can't work tomorrow.
Brian was grateful when Chris delivered the money on the weekend.
The money that Chris has not paid back adds up to a large sum.
My head starts to hurt when I think about how annoying Chris is.
Beth will not allow Chris to kiss her because he is terribly dirty.
When Chris suggested going out, she managed to politely say no.
I should like to join the cricket club.
Mrs. Green, from whom my children have lessons in singing, is to have a recital next Sunday.
Mr Green is anything but a good teacher.
Miss Green teaches us music.
Miss Green asked two questions of me.
Mr Green keeps a little dog.
Miss Green taught me English.
How far is it to the green?
Greenpeace is fighting an uphill battle to save the environment.
Mr Green is a teacher of history.
Green doesn't go with red.
Try to be as polite as you can before Mr Green.
Do you know a certain Mr. Green?
Mr Green, you are wanted on the phone.
We have run out of cream.
May I have a cup of coffee with cream and sugar?
Coffee, please, with cream and sugar.
Would you pass me the cream cheese, please?
Please pick up my dry cleaning.
Do you have laundry service?
Is it possible to send mourning clothes to the cleaner?
I'm a member of the glee club.
Winning the Grand Prix was a feather in the cap of the famous drivers.
Where's the bus stop for Grand Hotel?
Could you take me to the Grand Hotel?
The playground is divided into three areas by white lines.
Grand Central Station, please.
The Grand Canyon is one of the most popular places in the USA.
Clara is doing quite a job.
Clara's lack of responsibility drives me mad.
Is there practice every day?
Each and every member of the club was present.
Every member of the club was present.
I went camping in the Japan Alps with my club.
If you keep breaking the club rules, you'll get thrown out.
You must observe the rules of the club.
Mr Johnson, president of the club, will soon come.
The club members assembled in the meeting room.
Only members of the club are entitled to use this room.
All the members of the club agreed with me.
There are 50 members in the club.
Will you join our club?
Those who want to join the club should sign here.
There is a training camp with the club.
The whole class burst into laughter at the teacher's joke.
The whole class was quiet.
All the class waited for the new teacher.
The whole class passed the test.
There were twelve of us in all at our class reunion.
You can't treat the class as a whole, but must pay attention to each member.
I broke a glass.
To control a class calls for all your skills as a teacher.
Fill the glass to the brim.
Don't play around with the glass.
Don't speak ill of your classmates.
All of the classmates waited for Takeshi.
Some classmates saw me give him chocolate.
The glass shattered into pieces.
The class were divided in their opinion.
The class divided into two teams.
Half the class say that they drink coffee.
There is a little wine left in the bottom of the glass.
Every pupil in the class is present.
The number of boys in our class is thirty.
Everyone in the class has to learn the poem by heart.
All the pupils in the class like Miss Smith.
The class divided on this question.
Smaller classes mean a higher standard of education, and that's what we want for our kids.
The class are all here.
All the boys in class worked hard.
The proportion of girls to boys in our class is three to two.
I enjoy sipping on a margarita with salt around the rim.
Some of my classmate always make a fool of me.
The whole class laughed at his joke.
The class accepted the new teacher.
I couldn't get my idea across to the class.
Everyone in our class passed the test.
Everyone in the class climbed the hill.
Not all my classmate like the food in the cafeteria.
Everyone in the class learned the poem by heart.
Almost everyone in the class voted in favor of having a thank-you party for the teachers.
No student in our class is smarter than Kate.
No student in our class is as smart as Kate.
Our class has forty-five students.
No other boy in his class is so tall as he.
No other boy in his class is as bright as he.
No one in his class is faster than he is.
No boy in the class is taller than Bill.
No boy in the class is as tall as Bill.
He is second to none in mathematics in his class.
The class was too big so we split up into two smaller groups.
Classical music is not my cup of tea.
Talking of classical music, who is your favorite composer?
I like classical music.
Some people like classical music, while others like popular music.
You like classical music, don't you?
I like to listen to classical music.
I don't have any classical music.
Do you have any information on classical music concerts?
There was no student in the playground.
I've lost my crown.
Mrs. Crouch, do you have a job?
Is this Mr Crouch?
Mr Crouch, what do you do?
Miss Klein gives a test every Friday.
Dr. Klein recommended you to me.
Clive wants to be an electronic engineer.
The glider soared high into the air.
Dr. Clark, may I ask a favor of you?
Spiders spin webs.
I abhor spiders.
Spiders wait for insects to get caught in the webs. This is how they get their food.
There the spider waits for small insects like butterflies and dragonflies to be trapped.
A spider can produce a silky substance from tiny openings on its underside.
Spiders always weave their webs in three dimensions.
To make a web, it starts by making a frame of this silk and fastening it to hard objects, such as trees or fences.
It's getting cloudy. It may rain soon.
Have you ever seen a spider spinning its web?
Kumi made a box.
Kumi did not make a box.
Kumi is playing tennis now.
Kumi is the girl who likes dogs.
What did Kumi make?
Is Kumi playing tennis?
Kumi is the girl whose father likes dogs.
Kumiko got a porter to carry her suitcase at the airport.
Kumiko is as tall as Tom.
Kumiko runs as fast as Tom.
The bear is walking up and down in the cage.
Kuniko is related to Mr Nagai.
Kuniko has never drunk so much before in her life.
It upsets me to have to listen to the same thing over and over (and over) again.
Let's not go into details.
Stop bugging me with your annoying questions!
He is dead drunk.
If you are at ease, you are feeling confident and comfortable.
Be relaxed and put the other person at ease.
The shoes are made of leather.
Did you have a good sleep?
He's sound asleep.
I feel heaps better after a sound sleep.
A sound sleep made me feel much better.
I had a good night's sleep.
Sound sleep freshened him up.
Sleep tight, Sean.
Captain Cook thanked the natives for their hospitality.
Captain Cook discovered those islands.
Who has eaten all the cookies?
Would you like some of those cookies?
Help yourself to these cookies.
Cookie likes adventure stories.
Cookie turned over in his sleep.
The cookies are all in the form of stars.
Cookie is under the table.
Cookie is younger than Kate by ten years.
Cookie was raised by Kate.
Cookie is under 5 years old.
Cookie's house is made of wood.
Cookie's house is under repair.
Cookie's mother died of cancer.
Cookie jumped over Kate.
We have had enough of empty words.
The breaking waves formed foam.
Being exhausted, she was soon fast asleep.
Reduce to pulp by boiling.
Rats! I've got to work overtime again.
Oh, just my luck!
Junk bond dealers left the market riding on a pillow of air.
The smoldering firewood burst into flame.
Cuzco is one of the most interesting places in the world.
Cuzco lies about 3,500 meters above sea level, and you can still see many Incas there.
I couldn't keep from snickering.
Don't be long about it!
There is no time to lose.
Quit lazing around and get moving!
We have little time to waste.
The delay forced us to stay overnight in an expensive hotel.
Lend me your comb for a minute, will you?
Let's draw lots to decide who goes first.
Whales come under mammals.
A whale is no more a fish than a horse is.
Whales can remain submerged for a long time.
Whales are said to have lived on land long ago.
A whale is a sort of mammal.
A whale is no more a fish than a horse.
Hachoo! Somebody must be gossiping about me.
I can't stop sneezing.
The peacock has a truly gorgeous tail.
The peacock has fair feathers but foul feet.
Let's decide the winner by lot.
I hit the jackpot.
We've been moping around too much. It's time to pull ourselves together and keep trying.
A nail penetrated the car tyre.
Would you put on the air conditioning?
The air conditioner has got out of order.
The air conditioner doesn't seem to work.
Mr Koop would be the last person to take a bribe.
The coup attempt was foiled at the last moment.
The coup was meticulously executed.
Ahhh! Feel that beer seep into every fiber of my being. Yep, nothing beats a cold one after work.
Rock breaks scissors. Scissors cut paper. Paper smothers rock.
The door yielded to a strong push.
The quiz show follows the 7 o'clock news.
Kuala Lumpur is worth visiting.
Have you ever been to Guam?
I didn't feel well, but I went to work.
Rev. King fell backwards, shot in the neck.
Rev. King led protests and demonstrations all over the country during the next few years.
Some of Martin Luther King's supporters began to question his belief in peaceful protests.
Rev. King's house was destroyed by a bomb. But still, the buses went on empty.
Rev. King and his supporters were threatened.
Everything Rev. Martin Luther King had worked so hard for seemed lost.
I'd like to make an appointment with Dr. King.
The data cited in King's research is taken from UNESCO's 1970 white paper on world population.
I was just in time for the last train.
Cleanliness is next to godliness.
Can you wrap these neatly for me?
You may take this book so long as you keep it clean.
Lovely sunset, isn't it?
Some pretty birds are flying above the trees.
Pure water is necessary to our daily life.
We must be careful to drink only pure water.
I wish I could show you the pretty ice on the trees.
Bring me a clean plate and take the dirty one away.
Thank you for the beautiful flowers.
There were beautiful flowers on the reception desk.
That's a beautiful Kabuki doll!
That's a pretty dress you have on.
The clean towels are in the drawer.
A pretty waitress waited on us.
Mr Gilmore is so well-known as to need no introduction.
Mr Gilmore is not so well-known as to need no introduction.
Kilby applied Emmet's theory to his investigation of the referendum held in Greece in 1948.
Christians believe in Jesus Christ.
In the Christian faith, followers believe that there is only one God, and Jesus Christ is the Son of God.
Sunday is a holiday in Christian countries.
Do you believe in Christianity?
I was never a believer of Christianity.
Christianity and Islam are two different religions.
Christ is believed to have worked many miracles.
Christ died once for all humans.
Christ was born in 4BC.
Why then do you baptize if you are not the Christ, nor Elijah, nor the Prophet?
I learned about Greek culture.
The Greeks used to worship several gods.
The Greeks made theoretical models of geometry.
Greek is difficult to learn.
Greek philosophers placed value on democracy.
In the Greek football game, the players on one team tried to carry a ball across a line in the other team's territory.
Greeks often eat fish, too.
The Greeks used to hold a big athletic meet.
It is the last straw that breaks the camel's back.
I just made it under the wire.
The bright sun was shining.
I spring with a start.
Today we are going to discuss this problem in terms of morality.
I cannot give you a definite answer today.
Today is Sunday.
It is too warm for a fire today.
Be sure to come home early today.
On no account must you go out today.
I cannot eat anything today.
It is not especially hot today.
The train was almost an hour behind schedule today.
I have been busy today.
The eight o'clock bus was early today.
Were there any interesting topics in today's history class?
High tide is at 3 p.m. today.
She's much better today than yesterday.
How was today's game?
I'm going to go to the doctor this afternoon.
Did you have a good time this afternoon?
We will have an English test this afternoon.
Let me show you around the town this afternoon.
I'll miss the English class today.
How many brothers and sisters do you have?
Today is the fatal day that they will attempt their escape.
A cucumber is related to a watermelon.
Younger Cubans tend to tune into the American television network.
You've got to give up gambling once and for all.
You might as well throw your money away as spend it on gambling.
Once you get the taste for gambling, it's hard to give it up.
Gambling was by no means his only source of income.
Could you show me the campus?
Oil on canvas can never paint a petal so delicate.
You must not eat so much candy.
Can we go to the shops for sweets, please?
Apparently there's a cancellation charge of 30 percent.
If I wait, what's the possibility I can get a seat?
Could you put my name on the waiting list?
Only if there's a cancellation, and that would be a bolt out of the blue.
Among the gangsters he went by Dan.
Gangsters robbed a bank of thousands of dollars.
Carol couldn't choke back her tears.
Carol will visit Miami next month.
Carol will have left for London by eight tomorrow.
Carol gets up early every morning.
Carol has a nose for the best Thai cooking anywhere in town.
Carol visited Boston last month.
Carol refused; in other words her answer was "no."
Carol is driving a rent-a-car.
Carol studies very hard. So does Henry.
Carol often watches horror movies.
Carol returned to her hotel.
Carol has just returned to her hotel.
Carol is studying Spanish.
Carol has been studying Spanish for three years.
Carol lives in Chicago.
I heard that Carol and Will have split up.
The maid had already cleaned the room when Carol walked in.
Caroline knows better than to spend all her money on clothes.
The price of cabbage fell because of overproduction.
The captain commanded silence.
Cabbage can be eaten raw.
The captain appealed to the referee against the decision.
Our captain got sick, so I attended the meeting in his place.
A cabinet is a cupboard used for displaying things.
Don't play catch.
Let's play catch.
He said to me, 'Let's play catch.'
Cathy devoted herself to her sick mother.
Kathy got a part-time job so that she could study at college.
Cathy stopped picking flowers.
Cathy, please stay out of my way for a while.
Did Cathy go, too?
Cathy had her hat blown away.
Cathy has a hot temper.
Kathy is gazing at the stars.
It seems that Cathy likes music.
Cathy can speak French and German.
Cathy is coming to see our baby tonight.
Do you remember what Kathy had on at the party?
Kathleen's statements turned out to be true.
Stop making a fuss.
Catherine had an ulterior motive when she urged her father to buy a new car. She hoped that she'd be able to drive it herself.
Oh, I lost the data!
The rough material hurt the child's tender skin.
Kim was two years senior to him.
Kim means to be a diplomat in the future.
Kim is older than I am by four years.
Kim was still alive.
Kim smiled sweetly.
Kim is living with Ken.
Kim and I are the same age.
Kim's smile was very sweet.
I've loved you from the moment I saw you.
Is this getting you going too?
Do you believe in ghosts?
You only have to be here at six tomorrow morning.
Can you really not swim?
You make me happy.
You are my sunshine.
You can keep this dictionary if necessary.
You look tired.
You must remember the fact that you owe her a lot.
You said she was kind and so she is.
You must be just to them.
You should go to see him.
You had better act upon his advice.
I took it for granted that you knew the whole matter.
You should apologize for your rudeness.
Were you at home yesterday?
Have you ever been to Nara?
What a big house you have!
You will get well in a week or so.
You have to polish your English.
Did you mistake the margarine for butter?
You may get a serious disease.
You needn't have bought that book.
You had to join that project.
You will have to join the project.
You didn't join that club, did you?
You ought not to go there alone.
You need not do so.
All you have to do is to hand this book to him.
You will be in charge of the babies in this room.
Your arms and legs have grown strong enough.
Your parents ought to know it.
Your knowledge surprises me.
Are you sure of your answer?
Your explanation lacks concreteness.
I'll mark where there are mistakes in your writing.
I am ashamed of your despicable deed.
It follows from what you say that he was not there.
Your opinion is nothing to me.
I'm not going to agree to your proposal so readily.
Never did I say bad things about you.
Your cough is the consequence of smoking.
Your father works for a bank, doesn't he?
Your uncle and I have known each other for many years.
Anyway, you'll never know.
Are you all ready?
It's not just you, I am also to blame.
It is not good for you to break your promise.
I don't know whom you want to see.
I know that you did your best.
If you had helped me, I should have succeeded.
He came to see you right after you left.
There isn't much logic in what you're saying.
I will keep on smoking no matter what you say.
By the time you come back, I'll be gone.
I can't figure out why you don't like jazz.
Wherever you go, I will follow you.
I didn't know you were such a good cook.
Whenever you may call, you will find him at his books.
Where did you go yesterday?
You, come here.
It was she who went to Hokkaido yesterday.
She dropped in at my house yesterday.
He asked about your health yesterday.
It was I that phoned him yesterday.
I had to attend two meetings yesterday, and there was no time to have lunch between.
Yesterday the teacher told us that he would give us a test today.
I saw Bill in the library yesterday.
There was a car accident yesterday.
Yesterday I met two Americans who're bicycling through Japan.
I played tennis with Taro yesterday.
I absented myself from school yesterday.
Yesterday I saw a girl whom I had met in the library a month before.
Yesterday I nearly ran into Robert in Ginza.
I caught three fish yesterday.
I saw an old friend of mine yesterday.
Yesterday a foreigner spoke to me in English on the train.
Only yesterday did I see him.
It rained yesterday.
Until yesterday I had known nothing about it.
Japanese beef was on sale yesterday.
I slept all day yesterday, because it was Sunday.
We had an examination in biology yesterday.
I missed the last bus yesterday.
We had some visitors yesterday.
I slept twelve hours yesterday.
The weather was perfect yesterday.
Two hundred houses were burnt down in the fire which broke out yesterday.
We missed you very much at the party yesterday. We had a very good time indeed.
It seems like yesterday, but it's actually nearly ten years since we first met.
It was not until yesterday that he was free of debt.
It was not until yesterday that we knew about it.
It was him that broke the window yesterday.
There were two marriages here yesterday.
My aunt dropped in on me yesterday.
A Mr Williams came to see you yesterday.
I happened upon Bernard at a restaurant yesterday.
I met your parents yesterday.
I enjoyed watching TV yesterday.
Where is the ticket window?
Turn him down once for all.
A fox is a wild animal.
The fox hid in the hollow tree.
The tail of a fox is longer than that of a rabbit.
Surely the weather will become fine.
There'll be standing room only.
I think we can be friends.
I'm sure he has something up his sleeve.
I bet all will turn out well.
I'm sure she will turn up soon.
No doubt she will come soon.
I'm sure she'll get over her illness soon.
I bet he will get mad.
I bet he arrives late - he always does.
I am sure of his accepting our invitation.
I'm sure he is guilty of the murder.
He will certainly attend the meeting.
I'm sure of his working for our company.
I am sure of his trusting you.
I bet he doesn't make it.
I am sure I can get in touch with him by telephone.
I am sure he'll tell you as soon as he comes.
You must have been working too hard.
I'm sure your endeavor will bear fruit.
Mind you come on time.
I bet the teacher's going to get mad!
Go to those who you are sure will help you.
Go first to those who you are sure will help you.
Don't fail to write to me.
See that the homework is done by the weekend.
Be sure to be in time.
I figure it's because when I'm driving around, my zip code keeps changing.
By God, I'll finish this homework.
The situation, I am sure, will be improved.
In all probability, we shall arrive before them.
I bet we'll have a test today.
Be sure to pass the exams.
Please write to me without fail.
I'm sure you'll like it.
I'm sure I'll be able to find it.
I am sure of your son coming back safe and sound.
He must love you.
The weather is sure to be wet.
It's going to rain, for sure.
It's bound to rain.
It must have slipped my mind.
Bob will certainly attend the meeting.
I'll be bound.
You must be a good cook.
It should be pleasing.
I'm sure Mom will get mad.
I'm sure you were surprised to hear of my marriage.
I'll miss you so much.
Be sure to come at 3.
The policy is bound to drive the economy into further recession.
In the kitchen.
I have a strained back.
His hard life is telling on his health.
Hard work injured his health.
A tight belt will interfere with circulation of the blood.
Don't be so hard on me.
Students should attend classes regularly.
You should think before you begin to speak.
Sit up straight.
Shut the door tight.
No one is so poor that he cannot afford to be neat.
Let's go back the way we came.
If you care to, you may come with us.
You may invite whoever wants to come.
Can you play the guitar?
He feels relaxed when he's playing the guitar.
The boy playing the guitar is Ken.
Who is playing the guitar?
Playing the guitar is fun.
The boy playing the guitar is my brother.
Will you tell me how to play the guitar?
Playing country-western music on guitar is real kid stuff to a true professional.
I want a guitar.
The jagged edge ripped a hole in his trousers.
The smirking male clerk replied.
To hear is to obey.
Kie never got off on older men until she met him.
Get me the key.
Bring me the key.
Keeton put magnets on the heads of his pigeons.
Keeton wanted to know if this is true.
Keeton supposed that perhaps bird and animals know about these lines.
He got married to Ann last month.
What is a cancer cell like?
Our sales organization for Gamma is not strong.
Cambodia appealed to the United Nations for help.
The joint-venture in Cambodia backfired.
Cancer can be cured easily if it is found in its first phase.
Cancer is a great enemy of humanity.
Cancer is not one but more than hundred distinct diseases.
The drought damaged all the crops there.
Cancer may be related to viruses of some kind.
Lack of money is a serious hindrance in their fight to conquer cancer.
We joined the country club.
We can cure some types of cancer.
There is no advantage in losing your temper.
They erected a statue in memory of Gandhi.
Cancer took him.
The outraged employee resigned at once.
He is fuming that they will be sorry for it some day.
A female kangaroo carries its young in the pouch.
Let's row the boat in turn.
Turn about is fair play.
I wish you to go there instead.
The poor girl shed tears.
Instead use words like "some", "many", "often", and begin statements with openers like, "In my experience, ...", "Excuse me if I'm wrong, but...", "In many instances, ...."
The poor girl lost her way in the dark woods.
It's all over with poor Tom.
The poor old woman was robbed of her money.
The poor cat was on the verge of starvation.
The poor man was never to see his wife again.
The poor boys were shivering with fear.
They kept him waiting outside for a long time.
The poor boy was at a loss what to do.
The poor girl was on the point of death.
The poor girl made a living by selling flowers.
The poor little girl did nothing but sob all day.
The poor girl went blind.
The poor child was on the verge of starvation.
The poor child suffers from hay fever.
The poor dog was literally torn apart by the lion.
The poor girl broke down upon hearing the news.
The poor boy was knocked down by a car.
The poor little girl did nothing but weep.
The poor old woman had her bag stolen again.
The poor girl went out of her mind.
And she'll never walk down Lime Street anymore.
The greatest hate springs from the greatest love.
Please get me a pretty girl.
Spare the rod and spoil the child.
The pretty girl walked up and asked the clerk at the fabric counter.
I love whatever is cute.
The calorie is an exact measure of the energy in food.
Rich foods don't agree with my health.
I barely managed to catch the train.
I narrowly escaped being hit by a car.
I escaped the accident by the skin of my teeth.
You are only just in time.
Karen went there herself.
Karen is angry with me.
Karen is not angry with me.
Karen bought a lot of things at the flea market.
The date on the calendar was September 23, 1964.
I neglected to note it in my calendar.
Where are you from, Karen?
I visited him, whom I had not seen for years.
I am in doubt what to do with him.
They explored the desert in quest of buried treasure.
They bound his legs together.
They had an exciting game.
They went into the woods for a picnic.
I am in the dark about the relation between them.
They came into the house.
Just give him the wallet.
He may well be fired.
Curry and rice is my favorite dish.
Curry and rice is her favorite food.
Curry sauce is very nourishing.
The garage has rusted.
The garage is at the side of the house.
I heard a strange sound coming from the garage.
Carlos turned round.
Carlos waited a moment.
Carlos went away and came back with the book.
Carlos climbed the mountain.
A man named Carlos came to a mountain village looking for that old man.
It's the place that has all of Gulfport talking.
For the best fried chicken in Gulfport, go to Grandma's Kitchen.
They grow oranges in California.
Please deal the cards.
Galileo dropped two iron balls from the top of the tower.
Galileo argued that the earth moves.
The Caribbean abounds with islands.
California is about as large as Japan.
California is famous for its fruit.
A Californian policeman pulled a car over and spoke to the driver.
In California are the famous big trees, or "forest kings" as they are called.
California and Nevada border on each other.
Jogging is out in California.
Gulliver's Travels was written by a famous English writer.
Gulliver traveled in quest of adventure.
If he knew the truth, he would tell us.
If a nuclear war were to break out, mankind would perish.
Although it was raining, I had to go out.
If you were to be given a million yen, what would you do with it?
The entire body is densely covered with hair.
I wish I had taken better care of myself.
I ache all over.
I have a dry cough.
Glasswork came from Persia by way of the Silk Road.
A crystal chandelier was hanging over the table.
Glass breaks easily.
Glass is made from sand.
The crow spread his wings.
Crows all but destroyed the farmer's field of corn.
The glass bowl broke into tiny fragments.
I cut my right hand on a piece of glass.
When I tried to set the glass down in the sink my hand slipped and it shattered to pieces.
Don't touch the grass.
They looked at the rubbish, then they looked at each other.
I cannot stand being made fun of.
Karaoke is good for reducing stress.
His karaoke voice would put a professional to shame.
I hate karaoke.
I want a roll of color film for prints.
The information presented in Kelly's paper on color coordination is seen to be of use in building up an alternative theory.
The sea gulls are flying low.
The sea gull glided on the wind.
The chameleon can take on any color.
The chameleon can take on the colors of its background.
May I have some camera batteries, please?
Japan's competitiveness in camera making is unchallenged.
I bought a camera with its accessories.
I'll have to have my camera repaired.
I should've brought my camera.
Do you have a camera?
There's no point in taking a camera.
I took my camera along.
Don't forget to take a camera with you.
Watch the camera for me while I make a phone call.
Watch my camera for me.
I have lost my camera.
Your camera may be stolen if you leave it there.
Are you bringing your camera?
The camera was essential for me.
How many cameras do you have?
Smile at the camera, please!
Will you smile at the camera, please?
Hold the button down until you hear the shutter make a clicking sound.
I failed to put film in my camera.
Does it hurt when you chew?
Some gum stuck to his shoes.
The gum adhered to the sole of the shoe.
Do you feel anything unnatural when you put your teeth together?
I have a bad bite.
My wife's trying to sleep.
What is hard to put up with is his over-politeness.
Don't go too near the dog for fear it should bite you.
Look at the picture on the wall.
Gabriel took nothing but the hot soup and a little sherry.
A cafeteria is a self-service style restaurant.
I'd like to work at the cafeteria.
They are talking over a cup of coffee in the cafeteria.
Is there a cafe?
It tastes moldy.
Moths are attracted by light.
Attach labels to all the bags.
Shall I carry your bag for you?
There are a few books in the bag.
I have some stamps in my bag.
The great Roman hero, Julius Caesar, was assassinated.
She told her children an amusing story.
She took to drinking beer.
She wrote in ink.
Her hat looked funny.
I do not know when she will come back.
Money does not always bring happiness.
I've been looking forward to meeting you.
I am so exhausted because I have padded the hoof for 4 hours.
Will it hurt a lot?
A good many people have an interest in things American.
Quite a number of people still believe it.
Quite a few people came to the party.
Quite a few people were present at the meeting yesterday.
Quite a few people couldn't recognize him in that disguise.
There were quite a few passengers on board.
Quite a few students are absent today.
Quite a few students played truant from school.
Not a few houses were destroyed by the typhoon.
Quite a few Americans like sushi.
We had to make a very early start.
I've got some rather serious news.
Until quite recently, most of the things we needed were made by hand.
I solved the problem not without difficulty.
There were quite a few interesting things to see.
It's pretty cold.
Is it serious?
It seems to be serious.
He is quite an odd man.
There were quite a few passengers on board the ship.
Quite a few people have been invited to celebrate the couple's anniversary.
A considerable number of students want to go to college.
A good many people were there.
Quite a few people were invited to the ceremony.
A canary is a small bird and people sometimes keep it as a pet.
He cannot swim any more than a hammer can.
The fish are dying, the Canadians say, because of what's known as acid rain.
A honeymoon in Canada costs a lot of money.
Canada produces good wheat.
Canada abounds in timber.
Canada is larger than Japan.
Canada borders the northern part of the United States.
Canada is to the north of the United States.
Canada is a great place for sightseeing.
Canada is on the north side of America.
The area of Canada is greater than that of the United States.
The population of Canada is about 26 million.
I'm from Canada.
The climate of Canada is cooler than that of Japan.
French is spoken in a part of Canada.
Have you ever been to Canada?
In Canada, there are many areas where it is illegal to log trees.
Both Canada and Mexico border on the United States.
Relations with Canada remained correct and cool.
Do you know of any person for me to rely on in Canada?
In Canada we sleep in a bed, not on the floor.
What languages do they speak in Canada?
They speak English and French in Canada.
Do they speak French in Canada?
Both French and English are spoken in Canada.
In Canada, you're not allowed to drink until you are 20.
Catholics are against birth control.
The Catholic Church is opposed to divorce.
The couple posed for the photograph.
The soup in the cup looks very hot.
The handle of the cup is broken.
The cup broke.
New GATT resolutions could create a real shake-up.
Don't get angry. It won't help you.
She insulted her friend in anger.
At one time they lived in Nagoya.
Once he saw his father there.
Once gold was less valuable than silver in Japan.
There used to be a big cherry tree in the garden.
Once I lived in Osaka.
I used to play with a couple of boys.
Once upon a time, there lived a cruel king.
Never have I seen such a crowd of people.
There was a great conflict between religion and science.
At one time, I used to go jogging every morning.
Dinosaurs used to rule the earth.
I thought that once I meant something.
At one time the song was very popular.
There used to be a bridge here.
You used to be able to see the church from here.
It was once believed that the earth was the center of the universe.
Former pop stars are just plain old women by the time they're 40.
It is once believed that tomatoes were poisonous.
Once they were very useful.
There was once a cruel ruler in the country.
Once the Sultan ruled over today's Turkey.
Once people traded furs for sugar here.
At one time there were many slaves in America.
Once the Japanese built their houses so as to be cool in summer.
Once there was a poor farmer in the village.
The restraining role that the community once played is losing its force as adults become reluctant to reprimand other people's unruly children.
There used to be a house here at one time.
You and I must stick close, back to back.
He looked small beside my father's stout body.
Put the words in parentheses into abbreviated form.
Have you ever seen a cuckoo?
Cuckoos visit here in spring.
I like the way you walk.
I wear cool clothes and cool sunglasses.
Don't lose heart.
To my disappointment, his letter didn't come.
To my disappointment, he had already started.
A goose is a water bird.
To my regret, his was nothing but a short-lived triumph.
The cracking sound startled us.
Shopping by mail through catalogs gives people a wide choice of merchandise.
Please send me a catalogue.
Would you please send me a brochure and price information?
We look forward to receiving the catalog soon.
The Carthaginians longed for peace.
I told you never to move in a group.
It is hard frozen.
Gasoline became so expensive that we had to let our car go.
Could you fill it up and take a look at the oil, too?
Let's find a gas station; we've run out of fuel.
The gasoline truck ran into the gate and blew up.
Gasoline is used for fuel.
Gasoline is sold by the liter.
Should I pay for the gas?
The price of gasoline is so high that we cannot buy a big car.
There is a great demand for gasoline.
A gas station is one kilometer ahead.
Gasoline stations, roadside stands and small houses followed the new road.
The gas is running out.
We're running out of gas.
We have run out of gas.
I fell back on the reserve tank when the gas ran out.
Because I had a cold, I stayed at home.
You must guard against catching cold.
Take care not to catch a cold.
If you have a cold, lack of sleep is very bad for you.
Take this medicine when you have a cold.
Hot lemon with honey is a good remedy for colds.
Feed a cold and starve a fever.
Take this medicine for your cold three times a day.
I will buy cassette tapes.
Cassette tapes seem to have given way to compact disks in popularity.
What money he earns he spends on books.
It took me a month to get over my cold.
I can't get rid of my cold.
It took three weeks for me to get over my cold.
I'm out of gas.
I forgot to turn off the gas!
Did you turn off the gas?
Turn off the gas.
Please turn off the gas.
It was careless of me to leave the gas on.
Kazu told her that he would go to Brazil in May.
It is said that Kazu is the best soccer player in Japan.
Kazu likes sports very much.
Please turn up the gas.
Do you cook by gas or electricity?
The gas tank suddenly blew up.
A gas stove provides the most even heat for cooking.
Gas seems to be escaping from the pipe.
See if the gas is turned off.
Great oaks from little acorns grow.
All right, sir. The salad bar is over there.
You had better take an umbrella.
He needn't have brought the umbrella.
I've lost my umbrella. I must buy a new one.
Leave your umbrella in the hall.
The birds in the cage are singing merrily.
Half of the bananas in the basket were rotten.
There are some apples in the basket.
There are few apples in the basket.
There are some good apples in the basket.
There is a basket under the table.
I'll ring you back.
You would make a good diplomat.
Traffic was blocked by a landslide.
Gambling brought about his ruin.
Cocktail parties can be boring.
Thus, internationalization has become a fashionable slogan for the Japanese.
Thus, they cannot be detected by other animals that threaten them.
Would you help me look for my keys?
The questions involved go far beyond economics.
Frogs are afraid of snakes.
The frog inflated himself more and more, until finally he burst.
I can't distinguish a frog from a toad.
Let's return when the frog croaks.
A frog came out of the water.
Maples turn red in fall.
Is there room at the counter?
Tennis shoes are sold behind the counter.
Let's make believe that we are cowboys.
A cowboy is driving cattle to the pasture.
A couch potato is something that I don't want to be.
Gauss had an innate talent for mathematical problems.
Don't rely too much on your guidebook.
The guide told the kids not to take a picture.
A guide conducted the visitors round the museum.
The guide will lead us to the famous park.
The guide led us to the hotel.
To make a long story short, he married his first love.
To make a long story short, everything went fine.
When she dumped me, the shock of it was like a huge gong going off and scrambling all my thoughts.
He had the stupidity to try to help Carlo.
Carl showed me the gold medal.
Carl looked very happy.
Carl, you're obsessed with money.
That's Carl.
Carl cannot have been a model student.
It took me by surprise to hear that Carl was moving to Germany.
Karl Lange's record breaking long jump took the crowd's breath away.
To borrow an argument from Karl Popper, a hypothesis is only of value if it can be tested.
The price of the carpet is determined by three factors.
Please be careful not to trip over the carpet.
The curve extends from point A to point B.
Is this your interesting book?
Please deal the card.
Please insert your card.
Charge it, please.
The room looks different after I've changed the curtains.
Take down those curtains and send them to be cleaned.
Open the curtains and let the sunshine in.
When I opened the curtains, it was snowing.
May I draw the curtains?
We require the garden fences for immediate delivery.
I have settled on green for the curtains.
The curtains were taken down.
The curtain has not yet risen.
Let's hide behind the curtain.
Who is hiding behind the curtain?
A silhouette of a girl appeared on the curtain.
The curtain caught fire.
The curtains and the carpet are a good match.
Curtains and carpets were renewed.
I can't see in because the curtains are closed.
The curtains blew in the wind.
The curtains were drawn slowly.
The curtains make this room beautiful.
It was yesterday morning that I saw Mr Carter.
I can't apologize enough.
I'd like to say a few words by way of apology.
I wish to say a word of apology.
I apologize for it.
I must ask your pardon.
Excuse me for interrupting you, but would you mind opening the window?
I'm sorry to interrupt you.
The number is engaged.
May I cut in?
Have you finished talking?
I see your point.
Excuse me for interrupting you.
May I interrupt?
The line is busy.
May I talk to you?
I've enjoyed talking to you.
I have a lot of things to tell you.
Can we talk?
I wish I had more time to talk with you.
May I speak with you?
Can we have a talk?
These are my thank-you notes.
I regret the delay in writing to you to thank you for your hospitality on my visit to your country.
I can never thank you enough.
I have no words to thank you.
I don't know how to thank you enough.
Don't mention it.
The music next door is very loud. I wish they would turn it down.
We got this chair for nothing because the lady next door didn't need it anymore.
My neighbors say they're going on a family trip to Hokkaido.
I'm glad I could help.
While they are away, let's take care of their cat.
A gentleman called in your absence, sir.
I will look after your cat while you are away.
The shepherd, even when he become a gentleman, smells of the lamb.
Do you have any bags to check?
How many bags do you want to check?
Bring your friends with you.
I've been invited over to a friend's.
Do you have an appointment with him?
I wish I could help you.
I'm afraid I can't help you.
Don't put the saddle on the wrong horse.
I'm looking forward to seeing you.
I hope to see you.
It's a great honor to be able to meet you.
I'm very happy to know you.
I am honored to meet you.
Good to see you.
I'm pleased to meet you.
I am charmed to see you.
I'm pleased to see you.
We haven't seen you in the past four years.
I have no time to see you.
I'm very pleased to meet you.
Could you give me your name?
Might I ask your name?
May I have your name, please?
What was your name?
I am familiar with your name.
How do you spell your name?
Your name is familiar to me.
May I have your name?
May I have your name and room number, please?
Please tell me your name and telephone number.
May I have your name and telephone number, please?
Might I ask your name and address?
State your name and social security number, please.
Your name and flight number, please?
Just give me your name and address.
I didn't get your name.
During Obon there is much confusion at train stations.
On the tray are five objects - three of them are keys.
The Bon Festival is near at hand.
I will do whatever you wish.
I will tell you if you wish.
I'll help you with pleasure if you want me to.
You may come tomorrow if it is your pleasure to do so.
You may go if you choose.
Thank you for taking the time out to pay a visit to our company.
You might have just forgotten.
All at once, the Buddhist priest burst into laughter, spoiling the solemn atmosphere.
Please give my kindest regards to your mother.
Don't worry, Mom. He isn't particular about food. He eats anything.
Mother put the food on the table and told the children to dig in.
His mother opened her eyes wide.
Unconsciously my mom took hold of the chair.
Mom scolded me for making fun of them.
My mother is well off.
Their mother let them play in the field.
Mother bathed the baby.
Mother is busy preparing dinner.
Mother told me not to keep company with him.
Mother left me a message.
Mother insists that I should eat more vegetables.
Mom is fixing supper now.
Your mother is anxious about your health.
Where is mother?
Mom wants to go there, but Dad wants to watch TV at home.
My mother looked up the history of coffee cups.
Is your mother at home?
The mother becomes irritated and frankly, but gently, tells Beth to leave the room.
My mother is always complaining about me.
My mother is making sandwiches for lunch.
Try putting yourself in your mother's shoes.
Your mother will probably object to your climbing the mountain.
You have to make good the promise for your mother.
The mother's mother is a nurse.
Don't be a trouble to mother.
Get your mother to do your homework!
Do you think your mom could set me up, too?
Don't answer your mother back.
Please make my excuses for absence to your mother.
Please remember me to your mother.
He wanted to be on equal footing with his mother.
Her mother, Mrs Brown, increased the amount of vegetables in her diet.
Mom alone can make this cake.
Because my mother is sick, my father will cook today.
With your mother in the hospital, you'll have to work harder.
All of a sudden, my mother began to sing.
Mom bought a pretty doll for me.
I, your mother, will take care of everything for you.
I could see that my mother was in a lot of pain.
The boy opened the window, although his mother told him not to.
I hope that your mother gets well soon.
When mother scolds you don't answer back.
What should we do if Mom didn't give us money?
You mustn't answer your mother back when she scolds you.
You shouldn't answer your mother back like that when she scolds you.
Mother has sent you some cakes and milk.
When will we eat dinner, Mom?
Mom! Hurry!
Mother, having thought about it carefully, I don't feel I should marry him.
I smell something burning, Mother.
Can I go swimming, Mother?
Mom, add a little more salt to the soup.
Dad told me to help you, Mom.
I hope your mother will regain her health soon.
You have eaten lunch, haven't you?
I am looking forward to hearing from you.
I look forward to hearing from you.
The party of pilgrims started for Shikoku.
I have been waiting for your reply, but have not heard from you.
I'm looking forward to your reply.
I'm extremely embarrassed that it has taken so long to reply.
Your response is greatly appreciated and will enable us to prepare more efficiently.
Please respond.
I have not heard from you. I was wondering if maybe my mail never got to you.
I'm sorry for the delay in my reply.
Excuse me for not having answered your letter sooner.
I'm looking forward to receiving your reply.
Thanks for your reply.
I'll pay you back with my calculus notes.
I gave her a doll in return.
I will show you around in return.
How are you doing these days?
I just dropped in to say goodbye.
I've come to say goodbye.
Two years have passed since we parted.
The quality of rice is going down.
The starving man devoured the food.
Hold in your stomach.
Please come hungry.
When she saw that the people were hungry, she begged for food for them.
I have gas.
I'm getting hungry.
Not only were we hungry, but we were also suffering from thirst.
I doubled over with laughter.
My stomach aches after meals.
I'm starved.
I have hunger pangs.
It goes without saying that hunger is the best sauce.
Aren't you hungry?
My stomach is growling.
My stomach is full.
Is the bath ready?
The bath is ready.
There was no bathroom.
Your bath is ready.
It's time to take a bath.
When I was taking a bath, the telephone rang.
Taking a bath makes me relax.
There is nothing as relaxing as lying in a hot bath.
I met your father once.
I'm sorry to hear that your father has passed away.
Stop bothering your father.
Dad is a hard worker.
My father was a contestant in a cooking contest and won first prize.
Dad rarely gets back home before midnight.
My dad has a look at the newspaper every morning.
My father turned a dead ear to my requests.
Dad bought me a camera.
Father is having a bath.
Father is in the habit of reading the paper before breakfast.
My father gave me a puppy for my birthday.
Is Father in the kitchen?
Does your father get home early?
Father got to his office on time.
Father found me a good seat.
When my dad found out that I've been going out with Nimrod Nick, he blew his top.
My father has been washing his car since this morning.
Dad needs to take a rest. He's been working in the garden for three hours.
Father lay watching TV.
Dad can blow many smoke rings.
My father runs a restaurant.
Bear in mind that Father is not as strong as he used to be.
Is your father about yet?
Father ran to the bus stop.
Where is Father?
My father was lying down while watching TV.
A stranger asked the girl whether her father was at home or at his office.
Father advanced me a week's allowance.
Dad bought a camera.
How old might your father be?
When did your father come home?
When will Father be back?
Your father deprived you of your guitar.
Does Father know you've broken his watch?
What does your father do?
Go and sit by your father.
Ask your dad to help you.
Don't go against your father.
Remember me to your father.
Please be sure to give my best regards to your father.
Say hello to your father for me.
Best regards to your father.
Send a wire to your father right now.
Take your father a cup of coffee.
Who drives better, your father or your mother?
My wishes for your father's rapid recovery.
Your father wants you.
Don't make a noise while your father is asleep.
My father helped me with my homework.
I was told to inform you that your father was killed in an accident.
Father took us to the zoo yesterday.
Finish your homework by the time your father comes home.
When Dad came home, I was watching TV.
He will take over the business when his father retires.
I have a message for you from your father.
Dad often works late, and Mom complains a lot.
Dad is shaving in the bathroom.
Because his father was working there.
Would that our father were here to help us.
May I use your car, Dad?
What are you doing, Dad?
Shall I fetch your glasses from the living room, Dad?
When will Mother be back, Father?
I'm sorry to hear that your father passed away.
The farmers must be happy to hear that.
You look very tired. You must have been working too hard.
You must be tired, but hang on 'til 3.
What do you say to staying?
I found a real bargain.
Be so kind as to help the old.
Old people get up very early.
Keep these seats for the elderly.
Be kind to the old.
To offer your seat to the old that is a kindness indeed.
It is good to be kind to old people.
Be kind to old people.
We should be kind to the aged.
You must be kind to old people.
Might I ask your age?
Come right in.
I can't eat meat.
The sun is shining brightly.
Would you like meat or fish?
You two look exactly like brother and sister.
How are you related?
I wish you both happiness and prosperity.
I'm not in a position to answer.
Boil some water.
Don't use all the hot water.
Is the water hot enough to make the tea?
They not only washed off the sweat, dirt and cares of the day in the hot water, but also enjoyed gossiping about everyday affairs.
The water has boiled away.
The water hardly began to boil when she added the ingredients.
The hot water isn't running.
The water is boiling away.
I will pick up a little something for you.
It is so nice of you to give me a present.
Do you have enough time to buy enough things for souvenirs?
Please tell her to call me back.
Thank you for calling.
What's the name of that store again, please?
I entered the shop, and a clerk said, "May I help you?"
How is the weather?
The weather is as nice as nice can be.
It is a fine day and I feel like going fishing.
It being a fine day, I took a walk in the suburbs.
The weather is crook.
It moves the bowels.
It may rain around noon.
Will you have time to have lunch with me?
He came a little after noon.
Do you remember buying me lunch?
You are supposed to be back by noon.
Let's have one of those boxed lunches they sell at train stations.
Scott! Please make hotdogs for lunch.
Are sandwiches OK for lunch?
Leave it to me to prepare lunch.
See you at lunch.
Let's have lunch.
I will call for you at noon.
Lunch is on.
Let's take a short drive this afternoon.
What are we going to do for lunch?
I've been looking forward to your arrival.
I'll make tea for you.
Would you mind making tea for me?
I'd like some tea, please.
Have some tea, won't you?
It's about time you got the tea ready.
Refresh yourself with a cup of tea.
After we had tea, we began the discussion.
While we were having tea, there was an earthquake.
After you've had some tea, carry on practising.
Come and have tea with me.
Let's talk over a cup of tea, shall we?
How about making me a cup of tea?
Please bring a cup of tea to me.
He refreshed himself with a cup of tea.
Will you have a cup of tea?
Please give me a cup of tea.
I'd like a cup of tea.
Would you like to have a cup of tea?
Will you have some more tea?
Won't you have some more tea?
Give me some more tea.
Would you like some more tea?
Would you like another cup of tea?
Would you care for another cup of tea?
Would you like a cup of tea?
Won't you have some tea?
Tea was introduced from China.
Would you like tea or coffee?
Fifty persons can be accommodated for tea.
If you put more tea leaves into the pot, the tea will taste better.
The tea tree is a kind of camellia.
Please clear away the tea things.
The quality of tea is going down.
Which do you prefer, tea or coffee?
Which would you rather have, tea or coffee?
Which do you like better, tea or coffee?
Tea and coffee helps to start the day.
The tea is too strong. Add some water.
We've run out of tea.
I'd like a tea.
I'm ashamed to say that it's true.
I'm glad to meet you.
Do you know each other?
Please let us know.
I hope your birthday is full of song and good times all day long! Happy birthday!
Happy birthday to you!
May I escort you home?
Just observe your cat and you will get to know him.
How late are you open?
Your garden needs some attention.
How do you heat the house?
I suggest that your son come to our party.
Your dog is very big.
How is it going with your family?
What kinds of goods do you sell in your shop?
Your children look healthy.
Let me take you home.
I am surprised that your family has a Japanese car.
Do you let your children drink coffee?
A burglar broke into your house while you were away on vacation.
Please feel free to have a second helping.
Don't talk about it in my mother's presence.
Would you like to wait?
Please hang on. I'll put him on the phone.
You'll have to wait.
Thank you for your patience.
Have I kept you waiting?
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
Take care of yourself.
Did you get the package I sent you?
At the funeral, the widow looked very dignified, with her black suit, hat and gloves.
Will I do as your partner?
We look forward to your early reply.
You may use my bicycle such as it is.
My car, such as it is, is at your disposal.
You shall be my daughter's husband.
I don't mean to make you worry.
I will sue you.
Guys, what are you talking about? Are you gonna steal my date!?
I think you'll like it too.
You're really a number-one fool.
You had better take this medicine if you want to get well.
You are lying to me.
You wouldn't be so casual about it if you were directly involved.
It will take a long time to live down your disgrace.
You trust people too much.
You have only to sweep the floor.
He told me point-blank that I was fired.
Have you made up your mind to become a teacher?
You have a habit of exaggerating everything.
I brought you up under my personal care.
You are old enough to take care of yourself.
You've taken everything.
You always try to blame somebody else.
You are a goody-goody.
You did it all right.
You always sing.
Don't scatter your things about.
I sure rubbed your nose in shit.
Your beauty turns me pale.
He looks like your brother.
Leave it alone!
This is your responsibility. It's not the kind of thing you can laugh off.
She sets your world alight.
You are soul needs rescue.
Your soul has been condemned to hell.
Your soul needs rescue.
Your behavior brought disgrace on our family.
Your heart's beating, alive and beating.
You have caused me to lose my temper.
This is your fault.
You are two-faced.
I can wait for you.
I will make a new suit for you.
I'm quite out of patience with you.
You shall have my car.
I'm counting on you.
I'm no match for you.
Can't you hear the sound?
I know you don't care.
I've got no time to sit and talk.
I know you can make it better.
I know you can make it.
Where were you loafing?
It seems you and I are essential to this project. We'd better get along or it'll go badly.
You noisy children will be chucked off by the driver.
I saw the picture you took of that fish.
You just made me miss the perfect shot when you hollered.
If you act like a child, you will be treated as such.
That's my own affair.
You are wrong.
There's no need for you to butt in. Just let him do this on his own.
You talk so fast I can't understand a word you say.
You are drunk!
You're overworked.
You should go ahead and do it, just like you said you would.
You should have seen yourself, yawning all through the meeting.
Good-bye!
You're out of it.
It's in the overhead compartment.
We'll call you when your table is ready.
What are you planning to do for the New Year vacation?
I am greatly indebted to you for all you have done for me.
I really appreciate your kindness.
It has always been a pleasure to work with you.
There is nothing to be gained by flattery.
Complimenting is lying.
Beware of smooth talk.
Could you bring me some water?
Can I have some water, please?
Could I get some water, please?
May I have a glass of water?
Just water, please.
The rights you requested do not belong to us.
May I have the honor of asking you?
I'd like a doll, a new bicycle.....and peace on earth!
No gratuity accepted.
Thank you again for your good thoughts.
Thanks so much for your good thoughts.
I'm very grateful for your sympathy.
This way, please, mademoiselle.
What's your daughter's name?
Your daughter passed the examination, I hear.
I ask to see your daughter.
Would you like a ride?
It was kind of you to invite us.
Thank you very much for your invitation.
What size do you wear?
This accident has nothing to do with me, officer.
Here comes a copper!
I am pleased at your coming.
Let's have sushi.
You can't drive. You've been drinking.
It was gracious of you to accept.
Can I drink alcohol?
Let's have sake.
As he was drinking he got very merry and kept telling everybody just how much he hated hospitals.
No drinkers.
Liquor will have an effect on a person.
The minute I have something to drink, I turn bright red.
Do you drink alcohol?
Everybody has their favorite drink.
Drinking too much is bad for the health.
I can't help you. As a matter of fact, I'm very busy just now.
Shall I help you?
I am willing to help you.
I said, "Is there anything I can do?"
I asked you if you wanted some help.
Let me take care of that for you.
Let me help you.
The maid was dead tired of her household chores.
The maid immediately cleaned the dishes from the table.
The servants tried to carry out their master's order.
The maid made my bed.
It's very decent of you to help me.
I'd be very grateful if you'd help me.
Could you help me?
It's very kind of you to help me.
Thank you for your assistance.
May I use the bathroom?
Could you show me where the bathroom is?
May I trouble you to pass me the salt?
I'm sorry to bother you.
I'm at a complete loss!
Don't be too hard on me, please.
I am in receipt of your letter.
Thank you very much for your letter.
I hereby beg to acknowledge your letter.
I acknowledged the receipt of your letter.
I received your letter.
I am looking forward to your letter.
Your letter reached me only today, having been delayed by the heavy snow.
Thank you for writing.
Thank you for your letter.
You're my good omen.
Thank you for your business.
Would you like me to order it?
A young person wants to see you.
I am sorry if I disturbed you.
I hope I'm not disturbing you.
Thank you very much for your hospitality.
I'm sorry to disturb you, but there's a phone call for you.
I'm sorry to bother you, but I would like to ask you a favor.
Stop putting on an act.
Do you like the theater?
Where is your cap?
The custom of bowing is peculiar to the islanders.
Do you have a few minutes to spare?
I am sorry to have taken up your valuable time.
Do you have the time?
Please come and see me if you have time.
Do you have some time?
Is it to go?
Have mercy on me and spare my life, please!
With reference to the invoice No.56789 which was due last month, we have not yet received your remittance.
How would you like to pay?
How would you like to pay for it?
We remind you that our terms are 60 days net.
May we therefore ask you for a two months' extension of credit?
Your payment is now two months overdue.
Bring your children with you.
I'm sure the children are getting big.
Is the kid still up?
You should build a fire under the kid.
How old are your children?
How are you and your wife doing, now that the birds have all flown the coop?
May his life be blessed with health and happiness all through.
Do you have any children?
Please let me pick up your sister at the station.
I feel very sorry for your sister.
Will you give my best regards to your sister?
Will you go out on an errand?
I regret to say I can't come.
How is your work getting along?
Please wash the dishes.
Would you put the dishes in the sink?
Eat everything on your plate, or you won't get any dessert.
You'd better eat everything that's on your plate.
I'd like to go to Takayama during festival time.
The date of the festival coincides with that of the exam.
I greatly appreciate your efforts during our festival.
Sending year-end gifts is one of the customs peculiar to Japan.
Do you want to sit down?
Pass the sugar, please.
I will help you if you are in trouble.
I'd be happy to help you if you're having trouble.
Behave yourself.
What language do you speak in your country?
Behave yourself, and you'll get something nice.
Where are your manners?
What about your manners!
Watch yourself.
I hope you'll be happy forever.
My clothes have an oily smell because I ate at an okonomiyaki place.
Add salt and pepper to taste.
You may call on me whenever you like.
Whatever you like.
Help yourself to whatever you like.
Please help yourself to any food you like.
Sit wherever you like.
Have a satsuma for dessert.
Well, do you like it?
OK, so that's it for me. Now I'll hand things over to the next speaker.
We solved the problem by mutual concessions.
The chemistry is right for us.
Don't you get on each other's nerves?
They are bitter enemies.
Let's try to understand one another.
There must be a better person for both of us.
Let's stop finding fault with each other.
Let's keep in touch with each other.
To understand each other is important.
Let's agree to share in the profits.
Can we effect a compromise?
So there's no love lost between them then?
It is our duty to help one another.
I don't like families that quarrel amongst themselves.
It seems we are in the same boat.
Find mutual interests, and you will get along with each other.
You called?
What's the name of the party you're calling?
I will bear your words in mind.
If you insist, I'll have another drink.
I will borrow it then, if you insist.
How have you been?
I hope this letter finds you well.
Good luck to you!
Thank you for coming.
It's so kind of you to come to see me off.
It's nice of you to see me off.
Good show!
I'm sure people ask you this question all the time, but it's all that comes to mind right now.
Here they come.
Do you want the doctors to use the machine to make your brother breathe?
Can your brother drive a car?
Compared with his brother, he is a poor athlete.
Your brother got married, didn't he?
He wants the money.
For people who dislike the idea of giving money, a gift certificate is a good idea.
I can't lend you any money.
I will do that work on condition that I get paid for it.
I caught a pickpocket dead to rights when he stole my money.
It is wrong to steal money.
My money was stolen.
I'm trying to save money.
Can you save enough money for the down payment?
I can't lend you money, because I don't have any myself.
Would you lend me some money?
All the money spent, we started looking for work.
All the money put together still won't be enough.
Should I insert coins first?
Will you lend me some money?
I have got some money.
Give me a little money.
We should not make too much of money.
It is against my principles to borrow money.
Is it possible to borrow money?
I ran all over town trying to borrow some money.
People with money were able to buy butter.
You may spend or save at will.
Spending money is as easy as pie.
I wish I had more money with me.
With all his money, he is not happy.
You had better not waste your money.
I have a lot of money.
Please leave some money.
If you have any money, please lend me some.
Can I borrow some money from you?
It goes without saying that health is above wealth.
I don't have much money, but I can get along somehow.
I'll give you back the money tomorrow.
Lend money only to such as will repay it.
Money is used for buying or selling goods, measuring value and storing wealth.
You should be careful of your money.
The money amounts to almost two thousands dollars.
You must make good use of money.
You cannot substitute money for health.
Money will do anything.
You should turn money to good use.
I have hardly any money left.
There was scarcely any money left.
How much money do you have?
I have little money. However, I feel happy with you.
Money answers all things.
I do not want any money.
How much money do you have with you?
I'm not worried about the price.
Money takes a long time to earn, but you can spend it in no time.
How would you like them?
Do you have much money with you?
If you have any money with you, please lend me some.
Do you have any money with you?
She is exact in money matters.
Can you imagine the world without money?
Some people write books for money, others for pleasure.
If she continues to live with a man she doesn't love for his money, the day will come when she will be utterly frustrated and between the devil and the deep blue sea.
I'll try Jane for some money.
Stop arguing about money.
Money counts for little.
Money, as such, has no meaning.
Moving money and technology from one side of the globe to the other is not enough.
I want money.
Since we have no money, it's no use thinking of a holiday.
I'm too poor to buy a new suit.
If you need money, I'll lend you some.
Love is as important to me as money is to her.
Do you need much money?
Money has changed his life.
I am running short of money.
Lack of money brought my travel plans to an end.
I can't do it for want of money.
If I had enough money, I could buy this book.
It is generally believed that money brings happiness.
I have run short of money.
Our money ran out.
I can't buy it for lack for money.
We could not continue our journey for lack of money.
It goes without saying that money is not everything.
If you need some money, why don't you borrow some from your mother?
You can withdraw some money out of the bank, if you need any.
The idea that money can buy everything is wrong.
Had I had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
Now that I have enough money, I can get that camera.
I'm very happy to make your acquaintance.
I'm glad to know you.
If you are not in a hurry, please stay a little longer.
How about cup of tea or something, if you aren't in a hurry?
How was your holiday?
The holiday was up very quickly.
Good night and sweet dreams.
We have a parking lot for the customers.
You mustn't keep your guest waiting outside.
What about you? Will you have orange juice, too?
The visitor has gone away five minutes before you came back.
Have all the passengers got on board yet?
Our guests should be here within an hour.
What will you be having?
Is there a doctor in the house?
Earning our customers confidence and respect is this firm's objective.
Please write down your home address.
We are trying to clarify your future procurement requirements.
We aim to please.
Could I ask you to get a cup of tea for our guest?
Sir, you have left your lighter on the table.
We have to take great pains to make our guests feel comfortable.
Our guests have arrived.
I'm sorry, sir, but a jacket and tie are required.
The guests were waited on by a highly trained team of young staff.
The customers were made to wait outside in the rain for several hours.
We must keep the customers satisfied.
The guests listened to a number of speeches.
We had no customers, so we shut the shop early.
A customer came and so tea was brewed.
A customer is having his shoes shined on a slapped-together stand.
We sold the store for want of customers.
Did I hurt your feelings?
I am sorry for you.
I'm sorry for you.
Sorry, but you must have the wrong number.
Did I hurt your feelings? I meant no harm.
How would you like it?
Glad you like it.
Don't forget to take your umbrella when you leave.
Give me a telephone call when you get back.
Welcome home.
Will you do me a favor?
I wonder if you could do me a favor.
Please be quiet for mercy's sake during the lesson.
Be an angel and turn the radio down.
For the love of Heaven, don't get angry.
Don't refer to this matter again, please.
For God's sake don't tell it to anyone.
Come on! Give me a chance.
I'd like to ask a favor of you.
Could you do me a favor? Will you lend me some money?
I do beseech you, hear me through.
Thank you for sending the product information asked for.
Please hurry up!
Your face is familiar to me.
Come nearer so that I can see your face.
I'm afraid you have the wrong number.
Here is your bill.
The poor educational policy is a detriment to Japan.
Won't you sit down?
Please take your seat.
You're enjoying yourself.
Please pay the cashier.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm very happy to meet you.
How glad I am to see you!
I'm charmed to meet you.
It was a pleasure to meet you.
Would you please let me know when it would be convenient for us to meet?
Please help yourself to the sweets.
The boy had been crying until he got some candy.
The baby almost choked on a piece of candy.
You must see to it that the cakes do not burn.
Shall I carry your baggage?
Is this all you have, sir?
How many pieces of baggage do you have?
Why don't we go and see the cherry blossoms?
I take lessons in flower arrangement.
Shall I change the water for the flowers?
Do come and see us when you are free.
It's time to be going.
Can you wait until I make up my face?
The haunted house? I won't be able to sleep at night.
Would you bring me some salt?
Pass me the salt.
Could you please pass me the salt?
I've heard a lot about you.
I have heard quite a lot about you.
Would you care for drinks?
Do you want something to drink?
I'd like to say yes, but...
Certainly. I'd be glad to.
Did you go to see a doctor?
The doctor told you to stay in bed until your fever goes down, didn't he?
My sides ache, doctor.
If you need to go off-line, that is fine.
It is a sad house where the hen crows louder than the cock.
It is the hen that makes the rooster crow.
I have something to live for in music.
Let's begin at the last line but one.
I'll peel an orange for you.
I begin to lose control of myself.
I prefer apples to oranges.
Oranges grow in warm countries.
Oranges are sweeter than lemons.
Oranges have a high vitamin content.
It was so sour an orange that I could not eat it.
Oranges contain a lot of vitamin C.
The price of oranges has come down.
Oranges are rich in vitamin C.
A glass of orange juice refreshed me.
I'd like orange juice.
Two glasses of orange juice, please.
Orange juice, and two eggs over easy.
I want an orange juice or something.
"Orange Cards" are available from the conductor.
You're barking up the wrong tree.
I can't give up on my dreams.
I don't see anything.
Am I not right?
Don't take it out on me.
I do not know the meaning of hatred.
We will go but you won't.
Mr. Brown, a friend from Oregon, will visit us tomorrow.
I was nicely framed.
I farted in class and the teacher threw me out.
It was boredom that Aldous Huxley considered one of the most dangerous human conditions.
Can you play the organ?
The Olympic Games are held every four years.
The most important thing in the Olympic Games is not winning but taking part.
The important thing about the Olympic Games is not to win, but to take part in them.
The vision of the Olympics had kept him going.
The vision of the Olympics had sustained him.
The Olympic Games take place at intervals of four years.
What are the origins of the Olympics?
Preparations are already under way for the Olympic Games.
The most important thing in the Olympics is not to win but to participate.
In Olympic competitions, a gold medal is for first place, a silver medal for second, and a bronze medal is for third place.
I have a lot of discharge.
Olivier acted the part of Hamlet.
You should free those animals from the cage.
Oil is extracted from olives.
An olive branch symbolizes peace.
We'd like to order 18 tonnes of olive oil.
I feel a lot better now, but I know Dad's going to be real upset.
Dutch is closely related to German.
I had never seen a windmill until I visited the Netherlands.
The Netherlands is a small country.
Go where you will in Holland, you will see windmills.
What's their approximate worth?
In about two weeks.
Have you finished it already?
My heavens, what an enormous box!
I had some custard pudding for an afternoon snack.
Good night, Mom.
Good night, sleep tight.
Father does gardening whenever he gets a chance.
Well really, you are always repeating the same mistake.
Oh my! Is she weeping for joy?
Oh, you've been to the barbershop.
Oh, you are early this morning.
Well, I declare!
It's really different from what I expected.
The toy department is on the fifth floor.
Put away your toys.
Gather your toys together.
Military toys are abundant in the shops.
The toy train went around the room.
The picnic was canceled for lack of interest.
Any book will do as long as it is amusing.
If it is interesting, any book will do.
Most funny stories are based on comic situations.
Mario's Pub is where the action is.
Any book will do, so long as it is interesting.
Tell me truly what you think.
I don't want to remember. I feel I'll go mad through rage.
I hear you Irish are a bunch of drinkin' fools.
Ask the policeman the way.
The patrolman motioned me to pull over.
What is more, he has a strong will.
On top of that, it was raining.
Also, there is a greater risk of accidents.
It's high time you children went to bed.
You are under arrest.
I'll shut you out.
I will make a man of you.
I don't want to hear you speak.
I don't want to see your faces.
You are stupid, and so is he.
Never lose your fighting fists.
Quit sitting on the fence and make a decision!
Hold your tongue! You talk too much!
You're fired.
You are too young to travel alone.
How lazy you are!
Now that you are no longer young, you must think of your future.
You are no longer a child.
How does it happen that you were not eaten up with all those hundreds and trillions of cats?
What are you eyeing?
Put your coat on my account.
It's to see your face well.
What is your riddle?
Ask her if she'll sew up the hole in your jeans.
The sight of you is an abomination to me.
I shouldn't have told you nothin'.
That is a fine fix you have got us into.
A boy your age ought to behave well.
It was careless of you to forget your homework.
Get back to where you started.
I know you're working part-time.
The man who nearly drowned began to breathe.
The drowning man called for help, but in vain.
The opera singer held a charity concert of his own accord.
The opera starts at seven.
May you both be happy!
My mother always puts my sister before me.
We arrived at the office on time.
There is a friendly atmosphere in the office.
The office was closed for 10 days for the New Year's holiday.
Ophelia wishes Hamlet were still in love with her.
The sun at last broke through about noon.
People were gathering in a huge mass.
The frightened boy's voice was shaking with terror.
Good morning, my sweet dog.
Good morning. It's time to wake up.
Good morning, Mike.
My aunt was coming to see us the next day.
My aunt is none the happier for her great wealth.
My aunt was pleased with my success.
My aunt brought me some flowers.
My aunt allowed me to park my car in her parking space.
My aunt speaks Chinese as well as English.
My aunt showed me how to make good coffee.
I went there with my aunt last month.
What a feast we had when we visited my aunt!
His aunt's apple pie was delicious and he had a second helping.
Aunt, this is Tom.
My aunt has three children.
My aunt had been in the hospital for a week when I visited her.
My aunt sent me a birthday present.
My aunt gave me a camera.
My aunt will come here for a week.
Won't you come in for a cup of tea?
My grandma stooped down and picked up a needle and thread.
Grandmother looks very comfortable in that chair beside the fire.
Grandmother takes great delight in watching television.
The family was shook up when the grandmother died unexpectedly.
My grandma injured her leg in a fall.
It is mean of him to deceive an elderly lady.
The old lady is bound to fart.
The old lady got down from the bus.
An old lady moved to place next door.
The Canadian chopped down the tree with an ax.
It's self-evident.
Each building has a name.
Time to go beddy-byes, dear.
Tiger lilies are one species of the lily family.
My stomach hurts. Can I have some stomach medicine?
I have a stomachache.
He said that he was hungry, and that he wanted to go home to dinner.
I was hungry.
If you are hungry, you can eat the bread.
Surprisingly, he swims even on cold days.
I want to teach history when I grow up.
You can stay here as long as you keep quiet.
If you are a good boy, I will give you this watch.
Some are moderate; some are radical.
He departed for London the day before yesterday.
My friends came to see me the day before yesterday.
It was stormy the day before yesterday.
I went there the day before yesterday.
The day before yesterday he witnessed a weird incident in the wilderness.
He hung his head sheepishly.
Tell her you like her. Don't be afraid. She won't bite you.
He's not really your father. Heh-heh.
She and I have been married 30 years.
Don't pay any attention to what he says.
Dad! Mom! I have some great news for you!
Keep the change, driver.
You gave me the wrong change.
Well then why are you laughing?
Her breasts don't give much milk yet.
Oops, my pen has run out of ink.
Look! We've missed the bus.
Wait until further notice.
What you said does not make sense.
Your meaning didn't come across clearly.
I really understand what you mean.
I think what you say is true.
Admitting what you say, I still think he's in the right.
I don't see your point.
I can't go along with what you said.
When did you graduate from Oxford?
The Oxford crew appeared secure of victory.
How long are you going to stay in Oxford?
Oh! It's my day.
Ottawa is the capital of Canada.
A gentle wind was blowing.
Tadpoles become frogs.
As a tadpole grows, the tail disappears and legs begin to form.
I'm afraid she may have the mumps.
Mumps is an infectious disease.
Don't judge each other by the color of the skin.
There's no reason to panic. Just handle it quickly.
We should do more to protect the ozone layer from further damage.
The destruction of the ozone layer affects the environment.
There is nothing for you to be afraid of.
Sorry to impose, but would you please open the window?
Excuse me but, would you kindly lift that box for me?
The chances are that she will win the game.
The chances are that she'll quit her job.
I dare say she is still in Japan.
It is probable that she will win the speech contest.
It is probable that her first album will sell well.
Perhaps they can feel the lines with their bodies.
The chances are that he'll be beaten.
Ten to one he will succeed.
No doubt he will pass the examination.
The chances are he's already heard the news.
It is conceivable that he knows the rumor.
It is likely to be fine.
His team is likely to win.
Records are particularly scarce for this era, perhaps owing to a long series of natural disasters which befell the capital.
Politics is perhaps the only profession for which no preparation is thought necessary.
I am afraid it will rain in the afternoon.
In all likelihood, it will rain this afternoon.
Maybe you'll succeed.
He observed that it would probably rain.
In all likelihood, we shall be away for a few days.
I dare say it is a lie.
I think you've got the flu.
There is, perhaps, not one of our natural passions so hard to subdue as vanity.
Perhaps it is only in childhood that books have any deep influence on our lives.
To make an excuse for having stayed out late.
It's too late. I'll see you home.
What would you recommend we eat?
Are there any types of cuisine or restaurants that you could recommend?
What do you recommend?
Can you recommend your favorite shoe store?
Which course do you recommend?
I have been to the station to see my uncle off.
I've had a show.
I stand corrected.
Stop talking and listen to me.
Cut the talking and listen.
Stop chattering and finish your work.
Cut the chit-chat and get to work.
A talkative person is always letting the cat out of the bag and jeopardizing the interests of others.
Let's attend to our work instead of talking.
I like him apart from the fact that he talks too much.
Let's quit and go home.
Could you bring me another hot towel?
Do you have hot towels?
My uncle will have been in New York for two years next month.
My uncle said that he jogs every morning.
Whenever my uncle comes, he brings some nice things for us.
My uncle gave me a book.
My uncle gave me a book yesterday. This is the book.
My uncle gave me a present.
My uncle brought a new TV set for us.
My uncle is staying in Hong Kong at present.
My uncle now lives in comfort.
My uncle has a deep interest in art.
My uncle retired from teaching last year, but he still managed to hang onto a position at the university.
My uncle is generous with his money.
My uncle lives near the school.
My uncle has a flower shop near the station.
My uncle made a fortune.
My uncle runs a hotel.
My uncle gave me the watch.
My uncle is slender, but my aunt is stout.
My uncle always did well by us.
My uncle constantly causes his family trouble.
My uncle lives in Madrid, the capital of Spain.
It was necessary that my uncle should be informed.
My uncle called on a woman.
Our uncle bought us movie tickets.
My uncle is staying with us this week.
Grandfather talked to me with a pipe in his mouth.
Did your uncle let you drive his car?
My uncle has a large family.
My uncle bought me a watch, which keeps good time.
I got an old Toyota from my uncle.
My uncle gave me a camera.
My uncle blew in from Kobe.
My uncle came to see me.
We haven't been able to find out anything about Grandma and Grandpa.
Grandpa fell down the stairs and got a serious injury.
Grandfather sat in his habitual place near the fire.
Grandfather speaks very slowly.
The old man named the wooden doll Pinocchio.
My grandfather is a bit hard of hearing.
My grandfather is five times as old as I am.
I take care of my grandfather.
His grandfather bought him the expensive toy.
Pride goes before a fall.
Pride will have a fall.
Pride comes before a fall.
It is wiser to make no reply to angry words.
Don't breathe a word of it to anyone.
I did nothing out of the ordinary.
Rice gruel is easy to digest.
No, I changed it.
That's funny. The speaker is crackling.
It saved me.
They're all fine, thank you.
Thank you very much for your help.
I'm fine, thank you.
The aurora is a phenomenon characteristic of the polar regions.
Like All Ball, this one doesn't have a tail.
When the All Blacks came out onto the field a roar like 'woooaahh' swept over the crowd.
Listening to oldies reminds me of my hometown.
On the whole, the event was successful.
On New Year's Eve, the trains will run all night.
The exhibition games are over and the regular season finally begins.
How long should we leave it in the oven?
Galoshes are impervious to water.
What is the charge for cleaning overcoats?
The owners appointed him manager.
The owners brought in a hatchet man to fire all the union sympathizers.
The new restaurant was making the owners money hand over fist.
Automation is bound to have important social consequences.
Why don't you have your motorcycle fixed up?
Motorcycles are very cheap.
The motorcycle started in pursuit at breakneck speed.
It's fun to ride a motorcycle.
I wish I could buy a motorcycle.
Where in Austria did you grow up?
Have you decided to go to Australia?
Don't confuse Austria with Australia.
How did you like your trip to Australia?
Australians are, on the whole, pleased with the stabilizing benefits of their political system.
It was not until I visited Australia that I realized how small Japan was.
I didn't realize till I visited Australia how small Japan really is.
I crossed the equator for the first time on my trip to Australia.
Australia is about twenty times as large as Japan.
Australia is smaller than South America.
Australia is rich in natural resources.
Australia exports a lot of wool.
Australia is the smallest continent in the world.
Australia is abundant in minerals.
The population of Australia is much smaller than that of Japan.
Where in Australia did you grow up?
I'm aching to go to Australia.
There are rare animals in Australia.
There are many interesting animals in Australia.
It is fairly safe to say that the family bound for Australia, or wherever it may be, has in its mind a vision of a nice house, or a flat, with maybe a bit of garden.
The language spoken in Australia is English.
English is spoken in Australia.
Roughly speaking, the seasons in England correspond with those in Japan.
The orchestra members respected Mr Smith as a conductor.
All the orchestra were pleased with their success.
What kind of tree is an oak?
You cannot tame a wolf.
Wolves live in areas where game is plentiful.
Wolves stalked the flock.
I heard a wolf crying.
Hey! Throw that float to me.
"Oh, darling," she said, "sit down, relax, and close your eyes."
Parrots imitate human speech.
A parrot can mimic a person's voice.
A parrot can imitate human speech.
Parrots often imitate human speech.
Parrots are the only animal that can imitate human speech.
I hear you're on bad terms with Owen.
Hey you, shut up!
Shall I check the oil?
The old generation must make way for the new.
When will it be convenient for you to come?
Oedipus thought for a long while.
Oedipus had answered the riddle correctly!
Money cannot be got at bidding.
Delicious looking food doesn't necessarily taste good.
It looks appetizing.
Looks delicious. Think I'll try some.
I'm going to cook you a nice dinner.
Thank you for the wonderful dinner.
Thanks for the delicious meal.
I've cooked you a nice hot dinner.
Good food and good sleep will cure you of your cold.
A nice roast chicken is one of my favorite dishes.
It's good. You should try it.
I found a good Mexican restaurant.
Any dish will do if it is delicious.
Please tell me the secret to making good jam.
Thank you very much for the excellent coffee.
You shall have a nice cake.
You must not eat too much of anything because it tastes good.
Now just a minute there. I hope you're not trying to tell me you're not going to pay the money back.
We're counting on you to be the life of the party. It'll bomb if you don't come.
Hey! Don't be silly.
Hey! Your baseball just broke my window.
Hey, you! What are you doing?
Hey, turn on the meter first.
Don't you go away.
Hey, look at that girl with her arms folded.
Write your name with the pencil.
What's the height of the Empire State Building?
All entries are subject to review once added.
Our new product development efforts must be done from the end user's viewpoint.
Cut the engine.
Gear the engine to the front wheels.
I got the engine going.
Have you checked the engine?
I have to go soon because I left the engine running.
Leave the engine running.
Nothing's wrong with the engine, but my car won't move.
Please tell me how to start the engine.
The engine died.
The engine is itself very good.
The engine gave out.
The engine makes a strange noise.
The engine wouldn't start.
The engine would not start.
Something has happened to the engine.
The engine doesn't work.
Engineering service will be taken up by the Japanese company.
Ellen likes to play tennis, too.
Ellen does not speak English.
Ellen was so tired that she went to bed early.
Ellen was white with shock.
You may not smoke in the elevator.
As the elevator is out of order, we must go down the stairs.
The elevator is out of order.
The elevator was out of order and we had to walk to the fifth floor.
Let me show you to the elevator.
Where is the elevator?
You may not smoke in an elevator.
Are we allowed to use the elevator?
We jammed into the elevator.
I went up to the 5th floor in an elevator.
The elevator is moving up and down.
We have to use the stairs because the elevator is out of order.
I smell smoke in the elevator.
He has no equal in the field of electronics.
Elmore James got nothin' on this, baby.
Iron the inside of collars first, and then the outside.
Although Eri's suitcase looks heavy, it's actually very light.
Eric is on our soccer team.
Eric has begun to sing.
Eric played a sweet tune on the piano.
Elizabeth is independent of her parents.
Queen Elizabeth I passed away in 1603.
Eriko worked so long and so hard, without stopping to eat, that I feared she would faint.
Mr Eliot's niece goes to a women's college.
I work as Mr Eliot's assistant.
Ellie is very feminine.
Ellie loves that poet. She knows many of his poems by heart.
Before we examine Emmet's theory, we must clarify the concept of 'internal symmetry.'
Emmet's theory appears repeatedly in these papers.
I should point out that it is necessary to re-examine the validity of Emmet's theory.
Although much research has been carried out into the applications of Emmet's theory, little is known about their feasibility.
The impact of Emmet's theory on physics has been widely discussed, but this is not my concern in this paper.
It should be emphasized that Emmet's theory yielded a number of byproducts in the process of application.
It is not my purpose to investigate the impact of Emmet's theory on biology.
The major result from recent investigations of Emmet's theory has been that it can be applied to biochemistry as well.
It is beyond the scope of the present work to describe all the components that comprise Emmet's architectural style.
I would like to focus attention on the particular design that best represents Emmet's concept.
It is certain that Emmet contrived his 'dyad' style to facilitate the process of architectural design.
I'd like a long-sleeved shirt in yellow, medium.
Emily ate tofu at dinner.
No one bakes a finer apple pie than Emily.
Emily won first prize in the speech contest.
Emily is very interested in tea ceremony and flower arrangement.
Is Emily at home now?
Emily has such a sweet tooth she never refuses candy.
Emily is the brightest girl in school.
Emily is anxious to see him again.
Emily kept on waiting in the heavy rain with no coat on.
Who's Emily?
Emi gave her seat to a handicapped man.
Emi was surprised at the nice present.
Emi looks happy.
Emi has never written a letter.
Emi will study English.
Emi is a good girl.
Emi had her mother make a dress.
Emi ordered herself a new dress.
I hope that Emi will appear soon. I'm tired of waiting for her.
Emmy folded the napkin in half.
Emma has a very poor constitution.
Mt. Everest is the highest peak in the world.
Mt. Everest is higher than any other mountain in the world.
Mount Everest is, so to speak, the roof of the world.
Mt. Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
Everest is the highest mountain in the world.
What is the height of Mt. Everest?
Tie the apron.
Prawns don't agree with me.
Evan is just a little boy. How should he know what to do?
The solution of the energy problem will take a long time.
I was asked to make a few remarks on energy conservation.
When energy supplies are in question all that depends on them is also in question.
Edward looked Kathy in the eye and asked her if she really meant what she said.
Edward succeeded to his uncle's estate.
Edgar Degas was luckier than many painters.
Edward is junior to Robert.
The name Edwin doesn't ring a bell.
Oh my God, I can't believe this.
Let me see.
X rays are used to locate breaks in bones.
Oh, you're leaving tomorrow!
Ezra, will y'all come over tonight?
This ethnic dish is arranged in a Japanese style.
Estella and I are going for a walk.
They have less rain in Egypt than in Japan.
What do they live on in Egypt?
Edison was an inventive genius of the United States.
Edison invented a device for duplication.
Edison was an ingenious person.
Edison invented the electric lamp.
Edison invented many useful things.
Edison was not a bright student.
We attribute Edison's success to intelligence and hard work.
Edison invented the light bulb.
From the standpoint of ecology, Antarctica should be reserved solely for research, not for tourism or for commercial exploration.
Not just for the sake of the ecology, a natural living environment is necessary.
Do you want an economy-size car?
Quito, Ecuador, is a little south of the equator.
What language do they speak in Egypt?
Yes, by all means.
Well, I get up early, so I want to sleep there.
Well, I didn't buy them, but later someone brought three baby kittens to the Gorilla Foundation.
Let's see. I bought it last week.
Well, time is up. Let's finish the lesson now.
Well, I think jogging is good.
Oh, two nights, please.
What did you think when you actually met me for the first time?
Uh.....yes, I think so.
Let me see. There were fifteen people.
Where's the office for Ace rental car?
Sure, but let's eat dinner first.
Yes, it does. But it snows more in Niigata than in Hokkaido.
Yes, sorry, I forgot to acknowledge it.
Yes, I know her. I look up to her.
Yes, I think it's okay.
Gee, unbelievable!
"Is it the first time you've been here?" "Yes, it's my first visit."
Yes, I went yesterday.
Yes, I think you ought to go.
Yeah. I think so, too.
Yes, he did. He really looked like a doctor.
What? It's only eleven? We still have an hour to go before lunch.
Yes, it's so lovely night.
Yes, he's almost as tall as I am.
Yes, please come.
Yeah, but I'll have to take the rap if they slip up.
Yes, but you do not have to stay to the end.
Oh, it's just that I never meet any interesting men.
Well, yes, but I don't want anyone to know.
OK. Let me give you my number.
Yes, orange juice, please.
Yes. And it's only a hop, skip and a jump to the nearest mall.
Yes, this is Anthony.
Yes, I've been there a couple of times.
Mt. Everest is 29,002 feet above sea level.
There were six children in the Evans family.
Amy made an effort to stand up.
Amy walks to the station every morning.
Amy worked in the yard last Saturday.
Amy looked at me smiling.
Amy wants something new to wear.
How did Amy look?
The stories written by Amy Church are all interesting.
I can't keep track of all the changes taking place in the world of AIDS research.
AIDS can be stopped only if every person decides to take action against it.
I had an AIDS test.
The number of people suffering from AIDS has increased.
AIDS has broken out.
I have a dream that AIDS will be cured in my lifetime.
Where is the Avis counter?
I'd like to try out the aerobics class for a day.
I'd like to try aerobics.
Aerobics is all the fashion.
Where do the airport buses leave from?
I want a compact car with an air conditioner.
Do you mind if I turn off the AC?
Please turn up the air conditioner.
Don't leave the air conditioner on.
The air conditioner doesn't work.
Without an air conditioner, people nowadays cannot live.
The air-conditioner isn't taking in enough air.
Well... My house isn't big enough.
Really? I had locked it up before I went out.
He had no luck in finding work.
By good fortune, they escaped.
I wish I had much money.
Yes. I have to read it by tomorrow.
Yes. We should be very careful.
Yes. Everyone admires the pictures painted by him.
Mm-hm. I think so too.
Yeah, sometimes they do.
Oh, I'll probably just stay home.
Yes, I'll come, Bob.
Oh, just over the holidays.
Ah yes, two, right?
Oh, I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet.
I know what.
The rumor proved true.
The rumor proved to be true.
A rumor circulated through the city.
The rumor proved to be an absolute lie.
The rumor spread far and wide.
The rumor, after all, turned out untrue.
A rumor does not always prove a fact.
I've been nosing around the office trying to find out the news.
You must not base your estimation of a person on rumor alone.
Waaahhh! I lost my wallet.
Wow, it's swarming with tourists!
I could cry for joy.
To her delight, she got through the examination.
I'm glad to say that the boss has been very well lately.
Shut up and listen, kid.
The group of noisy boys was getting out of hand.
Don't look at her enviously.
Uranium is used in the production of nuclear power.
The soft gentle sunlight beckoned me off to sleep.
Please wish me luck.
I hope it'll come out good.
I hope it pans out.
I will hope for the best.
Words fail me.
They talked for hours at cross purposes.
There are no students who can speak English well.
If you want it done well, I'm your man.
I hope everything is okay.
Those two used to get along so well together but even with them you can sense a chill coming on.
I can produce several pieces a day if I'm lucky.
There is a good chance of success.
She studied very hard in order that she might succeed.
I didn't expect to succeed, but somehow I managed to carry it off.
You've sure got the teacher's number.
All those who made the grade in entering that school could not have done so only by cramming.
It is not always easy to make a good joke.
You put things well.
A happy idea came upon me.
That's a good approach.
A good diplomat is a person who practises the technique of letting someone else let the cat out of the bag.
That looks like the kind of guy who'd buy me lots of designer goods tee-hee-hee.
A man's vanity is his tenderest spot.
Conceited people take it for granted that they are superior to others.
He's in the money.
A nod is a sign of agreement.
Some people dislike eels because they look like snakes.
I must have gone past the station while I was taking a nap.
I lie on my face.
Please lie on your stomach.
Mrs. Wood was a very good cook.
He ate Mr Wood's good country food, and drank a lot of milk.
Mr Wood has his secretary type his letters.
Mr Wood loved Linda dearly.
Mr Wood had no sons.
Mr Wood was like a father to Tony.
Mr Wood came into the field.
Mr Wood came to the door and spoke to Tony's mother.
Please give him a job, Mr Wood.
You are a pain in my neck!
I cannot leave home even for a moment.
I went past my stop absent-mindedly.
A slip of the tongue often brings about unexpected results.
I carelessly allowed the door to stand open.
I made a careless mistake.
I forgot to bring the book. It just slipped my mind.
Uh-oh. He knew I was lying - saw right through me. I didn't know what to say.
Whoo! I'm feeling that sake. I'm getting blurred vision and it's hard to walk.
She wanted to return home, but she got lost.
We will have some guests tomorrow.
We take the Asahi and Yomiuri.
We take a newspaper.
We keep three cats, a black one and two white ones.
We are a family of five.
My family goes skiing every winter.
We have four bedrooms upstairs.
Our home is a condominium.
Would you please stop singing so loudly? This is not a cheap drinking place.
Our refrigerator is out of order.
Our budget won't allow that luxury.
My daughter has reached a marriageable age.
Jumping rope is my daughter's favorite.
Can you find the time to play with our daughter?
My mother doesn't care for our neighbor very much.
My mother is active.
My mother is certain to say no.
My father doesn't let me go out alone at night.
My watchdog is alert to the slightest sound and movement.
Our cat is very fond of seaweed.
Our cat is in the kitchen.
My cat is such a baby, she follows me around wherever I go.
Our telephone is out of order so I shall have it repaired.
There seems to be something wrong with our telephone.
My little brother gets delirious when he's sleepy. He says the weirdest things.
We have just a tiny bit of garden.
Our garden was full of weeds.
There is a small pond in our garden.
The roses are in bloom in our garden.
My husband isn't quite the provider he should be.
Let's not wash our dirty linen in public.
Our college uses far too much electricity.
Our university has excellent sports facilities.
My son is just idling.
My son has formed the habit of rising early.
Our son was killed in action.
My son is taller than me.
My son grew 5 inches last year.
My boy can't do addition properly yet.
Every dog is a lion at home.
Our family has some distinguished ancestors.
Our teacher is always on time for class.
Our baby is learning to speak.
Our baby is not yet articulate.
When it comes to my supervisor, he's very inconsistent, so we never get any work done.
Our car is being repaired at the auto shop.
The car is acting up again.
Our car is equipped with air conditioning.
I suppose we're a little too indulgent to the dog.
My boss is very cheerful today.
Our boss is hard to please.
My children make pathetically sincere efforts to get up early.
Our children are independent of us.
Our children all go to the local school.
All our children are immune to measles.
Our children are anxious to have bicycles like those of the children next door.
Our little children were taken care of by the babysitter.
Our baby cannot talk yet.
Our principal is accessible to students.
Our dog is in the kennel.
Our dog has been lying in the sun all day.
We call our dog Johnnie.
My dog is the bigger of the two.
Our dog, which is named John, barks at anybody.
Our dog has gone away.
My cat and dog get along.
Our dog seldom bites.
Let's cut down our expenses.
A fire broke out in a neighborhood hotel.
There is a big supermarket in my neighborhood.
Our cow doesn't give us any milk.
Our company is too top-heavy.
Our firm is on the verge of bankruptcy, I'm ashamed to say.
The longer you stay, the more overtime pay you'll get.
We are affiliated with the new joint venture company.
There are some foreign workers in my company as well.
There is no opening in our firm.
Who is the best singer in our company?
He was the first to jump into the world of computers at our company.
Little did I dream that we would expand our business to the U.S.
Our section chief always makes a face at me when I ask him for something.
All my family were just crazy about baseball.
My family are all early risers.
Cooking runs in my family.
Our best negotiators always drive a hard bargain.
This condo is getting old. Why don't we redecorate to give it a fresh feel?
Our boss is very sweet on the new girl.
Our basketball team is recruiting tall boys.
Our TV is out of order.
The chances are very good that our team will win.
I'll eat my hat if, by some chance, my team loses to yours.
All the members of our club, excluding me, are men.
The air conditioner is out of order.
My wife used to be a pro-wrestler, so if she ever catches me two-timing her, I'd be beaten to a pulp.
My grandmother lives by herself.
My grandfather has never consulted a doctor in his life.
Won't you come over to my place?
Would you like to come eat at our house?
We have only a small garden.
We have ten cattle.
We have three dogs, one white and two black.
We have a good heating system.
Our house adjoins his.
Everything is all right at home.
We call our father Oyajisan.
We have breakfast in the kitchen.
We all consider he's the cleverest dog in the world.
All are well at home.
We didn't have many visitors this summer.
She lives a block away and her name is Susan.
It's sweltering.
He can't get on in the world.
Never tell lies.
Don't tell lies.
It is not good to tell a lie.
I think it's wrong to tell a lie.
Telling lies is a very bad habit.
Don't tell a lie. Be honest.
It is against my principles to tell a lie.
Is it always a sin to tell a lie?
She was indignant when I said she was lying.
Because he lied, he was punished.
I feel guilty about having told a lie.
How about adding some Worcestershire sauce?
I prepared a weak solution of sugar and water.
I feel guilty.
Stop pushing me from behind!
The hare hid behind the tree.
Rabbits breed quickly.
Rabbits like to eat carrots.
Rabbits are related to beavers and squirrels.
The hare was outdistanced by the tortoise.
A rabbit has long ears.
The ears of a rabbit are longer than those of a fox.
A hare raced with a tortoise.
Even a rabbit, if badgered into a corner, will fight back.
A rabbit is running in the garden.
I heard a Japanese nightingale.
The Ugandans depend on their coffee crop to bring money into the country.
You look gloomy.
I missed it inadvertently.
Please rinse often with mouthwash.
Walter was taken aback by John's cruel insult.
Walter Mondale ran for President.
A vodka martini, please.
I'd like a vodka and tonic.
Mr Wall put off going to the dentist's.
Rumors of a Wall Street crash sparked a dollar selling spree.
All right! Everybody around me is so encouraging I'm getting a rush of motivation.
Wendy was not always interested in Japanese festivals.
Wendy, I'd like you to meet my brother Sam.
The population of Wellington is only about one fortieth that of Tokyo.
Mrs. West is busy getting breakfast ready.
Mr. and Mrs. West are on their honeymoon.
Professor West is almost as old as my father.
Welcome to the town of Westhampton.
We're chosen by the people of Westhamptonshire County to be members of the council.
What is your waist size?
In Wales we have a proverb.
The waitress spread a white cloth over the table.
The waitress set a glass of juice in front of me.
Waiter, I'd like to order.
Waitress, I'd like to order.
The waitress bustled about serving the customers.
The waiter helped the lady with the chair.
The waiter filled our glasses to the brim.
Hm, that's a good idea. Let's go there.
I can't come up with a good idea.
No, thank you. I'm full.
Hmm. I have a feeling I'm going to get lost whichever road I take.
Wool takes a dye well.
Women's Liberation is a broad-based but informal popular movement.
Whoo! Today's practice is tough - much harder than usual.
Ummm. I have no idea how to answer the teacher's question.
Wimbledon has eighteen grass courts, including the Center Court.
The men's and women's singles finals at Wimbledon are among the most exciting and popular sports events of the year.
At Wimbledon there are now special electronic machines to judge the serves.
With Windows, you have to have extensions or it won't read your files.
Windows 95 crashed on me AGAIN!
A wink was his only answer.
Mr Wilson made us repeat the sentence several times.
Wilson's solution is similar to Hudson's in that they used the same constants.
Mr Wilson likes him to play square.
Mr Wilson is angry with Dennis.
Mr Wilson is proud of his house.
Go and see if Mr Wilson is at home.
Viruses will exist as long as man.
Willie accidentally let off his father's shotgun and made a hole in the wall.
Mr. and Mrs. Williams adopted a child whose parents were dead.
Mr Williams carries that section.
I didn't know that Mr. Williams fought in the Vietnam War.
William Tell shot an arrow at the apple on his son's head.
I have a bottle of whiskey.
Whiskey goes very well with tea.
A heavy tax was imposed on whiskey.
How long does it take to get to Vienna on foot?
Vienna is a beautiful city.
The Van Horn family was in the chips.
The inflation issue split the party.
The rate of inflation is slowing down.
Excessive reliance on monetary policy an attempt to curb inflation could unnecessarily constrain credit and hence business.
Inflation should be checked.
It's an inflation-adjusted figure.
Inflation is getting out of control.
Inflation is down.
The value of the dollar declines as the rate of inflation rises.
Because of inflation, salaries can't keep up with the high cost of living.
Prices are high.
High fever is a frequent accompaniment of influenza.
I had a flu shot.
There were many cases of influenza.
I caught the flu.
I've caught the flu.
I have the flu and I'm tired.
The flu struck the metropolitan area.
It is beyond the scope of this paper to argue the input theory in detail.
The informants we used consisted of twenty Americans and twenty-one British.
I ran out of money during my stay in India.
India was governed by Great Britain for many years.
India was subject to the British Empire.
India is the seventh largest country in the world.
India is populous.
India is now short of food.
What is the population of India?
India gained independence from Britain in 1947.
India has a different climate from England.
An Indian buyer and a Japanese businessman haggled over the price of the new product.
Cows are sacred to many people in India.
Have you ever been to India?
In India, the cow is a sacred animal.
Intel gets a huge royalty from the invention.
The Intel people are lucky to have you!
You've done a wonderful job on the interior decoration.
The Indians fought with bows and arrows.
The Indians' ancestors arrived from Asia.
Indians inhabited this district.
The interview is scheduled for 10:00 a.m. tomorrow.
There really is such a thing as Internet addiction.
You may find it a bit inconvenient if you can't use the Internet.
The Internet is very useful for knowing the circumstances of each part of the world.
The Internet is an invaluable source of information.
Day by day and month by month, Internet technology is growing. Actually, make that second by second and minute by minute.
Have them send you an application form over the Internet.
The insulin was making her fat.
The insider trading scandal put a lot of people out of business.
Just bring me the ink, will you?
This is the first time I have visited England.
England was invaded by the Danes.
England is going to win the match.
England is going to win the race.
England was once torn by civil war.
The climate of England is milder than of Scotland.
The constant border wars between England and Scotland came to an end.
I hope your assignment in England was successful.
The ink stain will not wash out.
You need not write in ink.
Must I write in ink?
Don't write in ink.
My pen has run out of ink! Can I borrow your pen?
The government of the Inca Empire controlled everything.
He was the ruler of the Inca Empire.
The Incas had a wide range of interests.
Though the Incas built up a great civilization, they had no system of writing.
There is no furniture in the houses of the Incas.
When the Incas were conquered by the Spanish about four hundred years ago, some of the Incas left Cuzco and went to Machu Picchu in the heart of Peru.
The Inca were religious people.
The Inca took baths more often than Europeans.
So-called trade friction could be avoided some day.
We should bear in mind what is called wisdom is not a mere item of knowledge.
There is no thinking without what is called 'association of ideas.'
What we call 'Standard English' is only one of the many dialects spoken all over the world.
He rose from the dead, so to speak.
Speculation is growing apace.
Many cultures, many stories, and pretty girls.
I feel that I make time to do various things.
He gives us a lot of trouble, but I like him all the same.
After all his efforts, he also failed this time.
Thank you for your many kindnesses to me.
For all his failures, he did not feel so at all.
We hung on in spite of all the troubles.
We are none the wiser for all that was said.
He sent me sweets with different flavor.
Due to a number of unfortunate causes, one-parent families are on the increase.
Many kinds of animals have vanished from the earth.
Electrical appliances have made housework easier.
There are many theories about the sudden extinction of the dinosaurs, but the real cause still remains anyone's guess.
I've visited many countries, but I like Japan best of all.
Different languages are used in different places in the world.
I had my doubts but this last conversation cleared them all up.
We can consider the problem from several standpoints.
It goes without saying that honesty is the best policy in many ways.
Many things kept me from getting much sleep last night.
There were various kinds of sweets.
For all his political activities he was in essence a singer.
We are very grateful to you for all the help you have given us.
We've been through a rough patch, but I hope it will have made us stronger.
Thank you very much for all your kindness.
Thank you very much for everything.
People know how handy you are to have around. You're a real jack-of-all-trades but make sure you don't turn out to be master of none.
I'm sorry to give you all this trouble.
Please take with you as much as you need.
A dolphin is a kind of mammal.
A dolphin is a mammal.
The dolphin is a very intelligent animal.
The dolphin is an intelligent and playful creature.
Some scientists think that dolphins are the most intelligent animals in the world except for man, and that we may be able to talk with them one day.
Iran proclaimed war against the US.
Good evening. How many are in your party?
It's time to call in our chips.
It was her turn at last.
At last, a chance in a million arrived.
Words fail right when you need them.
His nerve failed him at the last moment.
Well, I must disagree.
No, you may not.
No, we have to go now.
In fact, he even loved her.
No, thank you. I am just looking.
No more, thank you. I'm full.
Do you have earphones?
Could you bring me earphones?
Do you know, girl, that you're the first secretary I've ever had who stood up to me?
The bad smell sickened me.
I've seen it a million times.
You must do the work even if you don't like it.
Like it or not we're in this together. All we can do is work closely as though we were joined at the hip.
It is psychologically difficult for her to say no.
It is not that I am unwilling, but that I have no time.
Not really. What's up?
If you do your study at all, do your best.
I don't believe him at all.
A man worthy of his salt cannot do such a thing.
If you do anything at all, do it well.
If you do anything at all, you must do your best.
If it is worth doing at all, it is worth doing well.
Anyone who is unwilling to read does not understand the joy of reading.
I'm so sorry about what I did. I wish I could just crawl into a hole and die.
They were biting like crazy yesterday.
What a glorious fall day. This is what they mean by the lovely weather you get after a storm.
Well, my family's away and I can't afford to do much.
"Is your father busy?" "No, I don't think he is."
Or that was the idea.
No, Chinese dishes are the best.
No, no, that's okay.
No, I did it on my own account.
I oppose it.
No, I don't have it with me.
No, sit down.
Yes, he can, if he tries hard.
No, I think he just does those things because he wants to please his wife.
No, but I like going to baseball.
No, the traffic wasn't too bad.
Nay, then, I will try it.
No, that's not the right way. You have to turn it the other way round.
No, we'll be in fighting shape in just a month or two.
Potatoes give me wind.
An image is formed by the information in the media.
I'd like to change my image.
Are there any stores with "going out of business" sales?
Not words but action is needed now.
I have a headache now.
Some ships are going out now.
It is silence that is valuable now.
It's too late to turn back now.
There's no turning back now.
May I read the rest of the will now?
With the President dead now, the new policies will have to await government approval.
I was just about to get started any-how.
There's no stopping now.
Now that Bush has been elected, it will be business as usual.
No one has been able to reach the top of the mountain.
With time on our hands now, let's do some good.
I have never been to Nikko.
Butterflies of this species are now extinct.
Mr Smith is poor but he has seen better days.
Soon nobody will have anything to do with you.
You'll regret that!
Some wild animals are on the verge of extinction.
Don't forget that good jobs are very hard to come by these days.
A child today would not do that.
Father has now got a superior position in his office.
Many students have a car of their own nowadays.
Are you still having difficulty with physics?
Do you still get in touch with them?
I have heard nothing from him yet.
Some companies are still debating whether to get Internet access.
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
No one has ever seen God.
It's no use trying to fix it now.
You need not have a haircut right now.
I am unable to say anything offhand.
I'll be with you right now.
It's too late now.
You can regret it all you want, but it won't do you any good now.
No matter how much you hurry your effort is just a drop in the bucket.
It's no use regretting it now.
It is no use blaming him for the accident now.
I'm now staying at my uncle's.
I can't really trust Toshiba.
The fact that nowadays fewer men smoke is a headache for the Japanese tobacco industry.
I am coming.
What movies are playing now?
It is just noon.
Should I fill in this form now?
We postponed the event.
It was your tireless efforts and devotion that made the event successful.
It is the snake that tempts Eve.
When it comes to snoring, no one can top Mr Snore.
Snoring and excessive smoking are indeed related.
The dogs were howling at the moon.
The dog ran around and around the tree.
The dog rebelled against his master.
The dog growled at the strange man.
A dog has an acute sense of smell.
In contrast to the dog, the cat has become domesticated only in recent times.
A dog was running.
The dog followed me.
The dog barked furiously, which awakened my brother.
Please initial and send back to us.
Locusts came in big swarms.
The missing cat has not been found yet.
I found my lost dog by means of a notice in the paper.
Talk of the absent and he will appear.
The absent are always in the wrong.
Never speak ill of others behind their backs.
There is nothing to it.
First cousins are too close for marriage.
My cousin is the last man but one in the line.
My cousin is having a baby next month.
My cousin took me by surprise by coming without previous notice.
My cousin took me around the town.
My cousin works in a shop near our home.
We are cousins.
My cousin Teddy majored in French in college and studied in Paris for one year.
My cousins are coming in a few days.
I'll ask when the train will get in.
When will you go on a journey?
When did you get back from your trip?
Whenever you come, you are always welcome.
You will find him home whenever you call.
Whenever you come, you are welcome.
It doesn't matter when you come.
Whenever come, I'll play go with you.
I'm ready whenever you may come.
No matter when you come, I'll play a game of Japanese chess with you.
How long have they been here?
When did you get back?
When are you coming back?
When did Democracy come into existence?
When is she to go abroad?
When did you see her?
When did you come to know her?
Whenever you may call on him, you will find him at his desk.
Whenever you may call on him, you will find that he is out.
When did they go home?
There is no telling when they will arrive.
When will he be able to stand on his own feet?
Tell me when to call at his office.
I'd like to know when you can send it out.
How soon are you going shopping?
When do you plan to leave for Japan?
When do you work?
So, when is it convenient for you?
Whenever I call, he is out.
There is no telling when an earthquake will occur.
Nobody knows when the earthquake will occur.
Whenever I go by, Mt. Fuji is in the clouds.
War may break out at any moment.
Nobody can foresee when the war will end.
When were you born?
Please let me know when you will come to Kobe.
I imagine that you are wondering when your new PC will arrive.
Please tell me when to serve the food.
When will you harvest your wheat?
When will it suit you to start?
Tell me when to start.
When to set off is a difficult problem.
When are you off?
When are you going to leave?
When to start is the main problem.
Please tell me when to leave.
Please inform me when to start.
When will you get ready to leave?
When will you leave?
When should I finish my homework, Mr Jewel?
When did you change your address?
When does it end?
When did you buy the watch?
When did you miss your watch?
When will you bring back my umbrella?
It could attack us at any moment.
It is still undecided when we will begin.
When will you get through with work?
When did you miss the purse?
When can you let me know the result?
When will they arrive?
When did you graduate from high school?
Would you tell me when to get off?
Would you please tell me when to get off?
Please tell me when to go.
When shall we go?
When do you want to go?
When was it built?
When are you going to say, I do?
When are you planning to tie the knot?
When will they turn off the no-smoking sign?
When did you get to Kyoto?
What time did you come home?
I don't know exactly when I will be back.
He hasn't told me when he will return.
When did you open your new store?
When did you return?
Every time I see him, he is smiling.
A war may break out at any moment.
It may rain at any time.
It may rain at any moment.
When are you going to leave for London?
When did you get back from London?
When do we hand in the report?
When did you go to Rome?
When are you going to Europe?
Tell me when to stop.
What do you usually do after dinner?
I always keep my word.
You should always keep your word.
I always feel sleepy.
The member of the family who is always in trouble is the black sheep.
You must always tell the truth.
You don't have to tell the truth all the time.
I always read myself to sleep.
I always have an uncomfortable feeling.
They are always complaining.
I'm always moody.
He is cross because she always comes late.
He is always laughing.
He is always full of power.
I always need an extra blanket in the wintertime.
I always keep my deadlines.
It isn't as if I'm learning by being corrected all the time.
If you always travel by subway, you seldom surface other than at your stop.
And every day the boy would come and he would gather her leaves and make them into crowns and play king of the forest.
To be always honest is not easy.
It's not easy being honest all the time.
I'm always very nervous.
We have to be ready not only for a straightforward test of strength, but also for a struggle in which every strategy comes into play.
Always have your dictionary near at hand.
Keep your hands clean.
Always be true to yourself.
We must always consider the feelings of others.
People who talk about themselves all the time bore me.
Keep the dictionary ready at hand.
Always keep your office tidy.
I've been thinking about marriage a lot, and I think we should just do it.
I say it all the time.
Come whenever you like.
I'm always under pressure.
I write articles regularly.
I always study hard.
How is it that you are always late for school?
It isn't always summer.
What time do you usually have breakfast?
What's always on your mind?
You always take the lion's share!
I always work alone. I'm just not a team player.
You should always keep a broad perspective on the work you do.
I urinate more often than usual.
I arrived later than usual.
Mary invariably brought more food than she could eat.
Always keep a handkerchief in your pocket.
He is always writing about journey to other planets.
I missed my usual train.
She generally sings very well, but now she is singing very badly.
It's because I missed my usual train.
She came late as usual.
I'll be waiting for you at the usual place.
I tried harder than usual, so I'm all the more exhausted.
Always keep this dictionary handy.
As usual, he got up early in the morning and jogged.
As usual, he was the last to arrive at the theater.
It is imperative that you be on time as usual.
As usual, he was late and made us wait for a long time.
As usual the peasants are busy scattering grain seeds.
He may have missed his usual bus.
As usual, Mike turned up on time. He's very punctual.
I met the usual people at the usual place.
I'm always thirsty.
As is usual, Bob came to school late this morning.
As usual, his thoughts were extremely academic.
We were served French champagne, not to mention the usual cocktails.
My regular waitress wouldn't have anything to do with me.
Let's occasionally change where we go to eat out.
Some children play video games all the time.
We're always going there! Let's go to a French restaurant for a change.
I'm always under stress.
Fasten your seat belt at all times.
Is it always so crowded here?
He was the kind of kid who was always showing off to his classmates.
You can't win them all.
You're always there for me, so if you're ever in dire straits, just let me know and I'll come running.
I always feel gloomy.
She was always able to answer all the questions.
That place is always crowded, but I reserved a table today, so we don't have to worry.
I always wanted to see you.
I regularly go to bed at nine.
You always ask me to join your team because you need one more guy. Come on - just once I'd like you to say it's because I alone am worth ten of them - even if it is a lie.
How long are you staying in Japan?
How long are you going to stay in Japan?
Until when will you be in Japan?
How long will you stay in Tokyo?
How long will you be staying here?
I'd stop worrying about it and take some action. The anxiety that comes from doing nothing is worse than any danger you might face.
Stop being such a hard-ass. Come on over.
Are you going to cry till the cows come home?
I will love you forever.
You can complain 'til the cows come home, but it's not going to make a bit of difference.
That secret can't be kept forever.
I wish you a long and happy married life.
I will remember for you forever.
How long are you going to keep whimpering about that? You can't change the past.
When are you going to stop laughing like an idiot?
How soon do you need it?
How soon will you be able to finish the task?
You can wait till the cows come home.
Until when are you staying?
How long are you staying?
When will this machine be put in motion again?
When are you leaving for Boston?
On the other hand, he had a different opinion.
You must bring the full glass with you.
When did you come to Paris?
When shall we leave for the party?
Read such books as will be useful some day.
Some day man will reclaim the desert for agriculture.
Before I knew it, I couldn't see the birds.
Summer has gone all too soon.
Bob went out before I knew it.
So, when are you going to break down and buy a house?
Your dream may come true at any moment.
When and where did the war break out?
When and where did you buy that old clock?
I don't remember when and where I met you.
You will always find a good friend in me.
Come and see me whenever you want to.
Please come and see me any time.
Come and see me any time you like.
Always tell the truth.
You can always ask for his help.
She always gives an instant answer.
You can come whenever it is convenient for you.
You can count on me any time.
Please call me at any time.
You cannot always have your own way.
We're ready to leave.
You should always apologize in person.
You can always count on me.
Any time will suit me.
You can borrow my car anytime.
You may always use my dictionary.
You'll always have a roof over your head.
You may use my typewriter at any time.
Call at my office at any time.
You may call me anytime.
I'm always at your service.
I'm always ready for death.
You can use it anytime.
Come on any day you like.
Say the word any time.
Come and see me whenever you like.
Come to my house whenever you like.
Please come whenever you like.
Come at any time you like.
I'll see you whenever it suits you.
I will be glad to help you anytime.
I'm always on call at home.
There is always something to do.
Please feel free to ask a question at any time.
Drop in at my house any time you want.
You can use the word processor anytime.
You may use it any time.
You can always quit the job.
You can use this computer any time.
Call me anytime.
You can always reckon on me.
I am always ready to help you.
Come and see me whenever it is convenient to you.
You may come whenever it is convenient for you.
Please come and see me whenever you like.
No man is wise at all times.
When do you play tennis?
I tell you it's no good your being angry with me.
Once she starts talking, there is no stopping her.
Once you have made a promise, you must keep it.
Once we start reading a book, we should read it all the way through.
Once you have begun to do something, don't give up.
Once you break the seal, you can't return the tape.
Once you have reached informal agreement, you should enter into a contract with the other party.
Once she arrives, we can start.
You'll like him once you've had a chance to talk to him.
You cannot separate the milk from the coffee once you put it in.
Once you get to know her, she is very friendly.
He doesn't behave himself once he's drunk.
You cannot take back what you have once lost.
Once you start, carry it on.
Once you are married, you are done for.
Once you have a plan, you should keep to it.
Once you start smoking, it is difficult to get rid of that bad habit.
Once you have begun to do something, never give up.
You'll find the way all right once you get to the station.
Once you have formed a bad habit, you can't get rid of it easily.
Once a bad habit is formed, it is hard to get rid of it.
Once a thing is posted, it is in the care of the Post Office.
Once they came in, Levi's never went out of fashion.
We can always find time for reading.
Can she have broken off with them?
I wonder what ever will become of them.
How ever did he succeed in making it?
What in the world does he mean?
Can anyone believe you?
Who in the world lighted the candle?
Who on earth are you?
What on earth are you thinking about?
Can a child do such a cruel thing?
What have you been doing all this while?
That doesn't make it clear at all whether you're for it or against it.
Do you know him at all?
Did you speak at all?
What in the world are you doing?
What on earth did you put it on the menu for?
What in the world do you want to do?
Can Bill still be at home?
Why on earth did you take him to the station?
Why on earth did you resist taking medicine?
Why should you be surprised?
Whichever Brown do you mean?
Where ever did you buy it?
How on earth did you get into our room?
How can you justify your behavior?
How dare you speak to me like that!
How ever did you find it?
Why should you think so?
How come he is going to accept the proposal?
Whatever do you mean?
How on earth did you get it?
Why on earth did you give him such a name?
Where the hell are you going?
Where on earth did you get that hat?
Can these books really be of any use to young people?
What's all this noise about?
I wonder when this building was constructed.
Do you believe it at all?
Why on earth did you do that?
When will you ever loosen your purse strings?
When did you buy it?
When did you come up with such an idea?
I am unable to give my word as to when it will be done.
When shall I return the book?
When are they going to put the book on the market?
When will the law go into force?
Tell me when you first saw the island.
When did you get to know the fact?
Can you tell me when to switch the machine off?
When did you see the film?
When did you hear the news?
When did you go there?
Won't you go and see a baseball game with me?
Would you join me for lunch?
You have only to go with me.
Why don't we have lunch together?
Would you join me for a walk?
Will you go on a picnic with me?
It seems like yesterday that we skated together.
When will we get to Sydney?
Let's study hard and become great men.
Sleep stole over us.
When would it be convenient for you?
When did you get the concert ticket?
When will you give me your answer?
When will this be returned to me?
When was this car washed?
When did you come by this bicycle?
When did you arrive?
When do you leave here?
What time do you leave here?
When to turn the corner is a difficult problem.
I know nothing about it.
I met him once.
When is a good time for you?
Call me sometime.
Some day you will regret this.
We must get together for a drink some time.
Someday I will repay him for looking down on me.
Some day I'll paint a great picture.
Some day they will find me lying in neglect and decay.
Some day I want to go to New York.
Some day my dream will come true.
Please come to our town some day.
You will succeed some day.
Someday your dream will come true.
I'll call on you one of these days.
Some day next month I plan to go to Kyoto.
I'd like to visit England someday.
Someday we will be able to go on a voyage to Mars.
I want to go abroad one day.
How long have you had this pain?
How long has it been snowing?
How long have you been looking for it?
Hope we can do business again someday.
I would like to see you again some day.
Some day you will come to realize the importance of saving.
I guess I'm always hoping that you'll end this reign.
I should go there sometime.
I would like to visit New York someday.
The day will come when the business will succeed.
I wish to work in the laboratory some day.
I will take you to the zoo one of these days.
I have seen him once on the train.
I want you to meet my sister I spoke of the other day.
I'd like to visit your country someday.
Some day we'll take a trip to India.
We should have a game sometime.
Someday I'd like to go to England.
I want to go to America some day.
May I call on you some day?
I will come to your country some day.
I'd like to come around to your house sometime.
Why don't you come by sometime after ten?
He will be sorry for it some day.
When can I see you?
Let's meet sometime in the near future.
When can I visit you?
When will you go out?
When shall I come for you?
When will you return the money to me?
When do you want me to send these invitations to our customers?
When are you going to call the doctor's office?
Whenever you come, I'm glad to see you.
You have a standing invitation to join us.
At anytime an invitation you can't decline.
I don't know when I'll get around to visiting you.
When did you go to Kyoto with your sister?
Please tell me when you are coming back.
Tell me when you are through with your work.
When and where did you come to know her?
When and where did you receive the gift?
When did you buy this video?
Wherever, wherever I am.
Ichiro is an outstanding baseball player.
Even the brightest student couldn't solve the problem.
You should get the job for which you are best fitted.
How can I get to the nearest post office?
You will obtain your greatest desire.
Once you get used to electronic media, you can no longer do without them.
Strawberries sell at high prices in winter.
The berries were ripening almost as fast as we could gather them.
Strawberries are in season now.
Strawberries are now in season.
Strawberries are made into jam.
Strawberries are in season at the moment.
Nature's balance is going to be upset everywhere.
Made in Italy, these jeans were very expensive.
I find Italian food very desirable.
On his tour of Italy, he visited several cities which are famous for their scenic beauty, for instance, Naples and Florence.
Married to an Italian, she lives in Rome now.
Where did you pick up your Italian?
Giotto is credited with sowing the seeds of the Italian Renaissance.
Did you ever visit Italy?
When are you going back to Italy?
Italy is bounded on the north by Switzerland.
The population of Italy is about half as large as that of Japan.
The capital of Italy is Rome.
Some Italian fashion designers are saying that white bathing suits will catch on this year.
I've been to Italy on a study abroad program.
There are a lot of old cities in Italy. Rome and Venice, for example.
Now that you are in Italy, you must absolutely see Naples.
In Italy, each village holds a festival once a year.
The weasel is noted for its bad smell.
I like the child all the better for his mischief.
Mischief is common to most children.
While she was running after the naughty boy, one of her shoes came off.
My flower garden was trampled by urchins.
You can stay here as long as you like.
Hurry up! We are all waiting for you.
I'm not going to quit the club because I am busy.
Shall I get you a chair?
Please bring a chair and join us in the game.
Get me a chair, please.
Move the chair nearer to the desk.
Draw your chair closer to the fire.
Bring a couple more chairs.
Please put the chair away. It is in the way.
You shall hear more from me by the next mail.
I will call on you again.
I suppose I've got to get my feet wet sometime.
Every company has a firm business plan.
Anyway, I'll tell you when he comes.
God help us whether or not.
I will leave tomorrow, in any event.
At any rate, the party will have to be cancelled.
In any case, I did my duty.
In any case, you have to leave early, whether you like it or not.
In either case, the division is real and useful; but it can also be misleading.
In any case, catch the train tomorrow.
At any rate, he was satisfied with the results.
At any rate I will go out when it stops raining.
At any rate, it will be a good experience for you.
At any rate, we can't change the schedule.
It is not my intent to hurt you in any way.
In any case, you are wrong in your conjecture.
At any rate, we have no means of helping him.
Anyway, if you want to know more about my country, I'll send you a letter when I get home.
Eventually I'd like to settle down and have a family, but not yet.
I will get in touch with you.
Anyway, we'll talk it over tomorrow.
Soviet and Western observers have warned that if the Muslim republics do not join the commonwealth, they may from a separate group, setting up a volatile ethnic and religious split.
The makeup of Mideast peace talks may change due to a change of heart on the part of Israel.
Leave the chairs as they are.
Please use this wooden box in place of a chair.
The joints of the chair were loose.
There is a cat on the chair.
I found a pair of gloves under the chair.
Make sure that chair is firm before you sit on it.
Don't scrape your chair on the floor.
The chair is broken. You'd better get someone to fix it.
The harassed mule got his back up and began kicking up dust.
When it comes to dancing, nobody can move like Michael Jackson.
When it was time to vote, he abstained.
Aunt Isabel is generous and gave us a lot of presents.
Isadora Duncan danced with such grace that she was invited to dance in Europe.
Your courage will come out in a crisis.
My courage failed me at the crucial moment.
My umbrella will serve for a weapon, should the occasion arise.
This will come in handy in a pinch.
The wind failed us.
My resolution dissolved at the last moment.
Save money against the unexpected for when it's necessary.
Put aside money for a rainy day.
Quarrelling spoiled our unity.
It's really nice having you here, Isao.
I watched the film named "Texas Chainsaw Massacre" with my girlfriend yesterday. She was very afraid.
The boss is hard to get along with. But if I try to talk to him about problems I have at work he might have a little heart. Even a hunter can't kill a bird who flies to him for protection.
Many a day did she spend knitting a sweater for him.
The Japanese distribution system, characterized by layers of wholesale, is complex and costly.
Even the best fish smell when they are three days old.
No matter how old I get, I'll still have the energy to play ping-pong.
You cannot be too careful in crossing a street.
He will arrive by eight at the latest.
Search as we would, we could not find it.
I haven't got the nerve to ask you for a loan.
No matter how close we may be, I can not ask him to do that.
Keep a tally of what you owe.
I don't care how much you say you love me. I know your feelings for her haven't changed.
No matter how much you might think you like curry, three nights in a row is more than enough.
I've called and called, but there's no answer.
You can't study too hard.
No amount of money will change his mind.
However hard he worked, he did not become any better off.
No matter how hard you may try, you won't succeed so easily.
We cannot work too hard.
Even in the worst case, she will not die of such an illness.
Try as you may, you will never get him to agree.
Try as you may, you will find it impossible to give up that habit.
Try as we may, we cannot swim to the rock.
Try as you may, you can't master English in a few months.
What price will you give for this?
However much she eats, she never gains weight.
I always enjoy listening to classical music when I have some free time.
A number of books were stolen.
I should be glad to be of any service to you.
I would be happy to be of any service to you.
We cannot finish it before Saturday even if everything goes well.
After countless burials of the hatchet, we always dig it up again. There doesn't seem to be any sign of an ever-lasting peace.
No matter the age, a child is a child.
I have some questions to ask, but I don't want to bother you now.
We ate several, but a good few were left.
May I ask some questions?
Please permit me to ask you some questions.
The former is inferior to the latter in some respect.
I don't like her in some ways.
You are wrong in some respects.
I'm not at one with you in some respects.
He pointed out that the former was inferior to the latter in some respects.
Localities imposed bans on development.
Some fine phrases occurred to the poet.
Some species gradually develop elaborate repertoires of dozens or even hundreds of variants of a basic song.
Some questions were asked me by the teacher.
Some poems were also written by him.
Some difficulties hindered him from doing it.
Your writing is good except for a few mistakes.
Some families spend their vacation near the beach.
Some apples rotted on the tree.
A combination of several mistakes led to the accident.
Several teams are contending for the prize.
Please take some of them.
We have some local wine.
Several scenes have been cut from the original.
The English breakfast was made popular by the architects of the British Empire.
The British government is against the plan.
The English are a polite people.
The English are known for their courtesy.
The English are said to be conservative.
The English are a practical people.
The English set a high value on freedom.
England is proud of her poets.
The English are said to be a practical people.
The English are a hardy people.
The English love the unicorn as much as they love the lion.
The English entered into the tea trade at that time.
On being introduced to somebody, a British person often shakes hands.
English people call elevators "lifts".
The English established colonies in America.
The English established colonies in America in 1609.
An Englishman's home is his castle.
An Englishman would act in a different way.
An Englishman would not use such a word.
As compared with the English, we are too near-sighted.
An Englishman would not pronounce it like that.
There are a lot of expressions used by English people.
Not all English people like fish and chips.
The British Parliament is divided into the House of Commons and the House of Lords.
The English Channel separates England and France.
British English differs from American English in many ways.
There are some differences between British English and American English.
Take England for example.
In British English, "to get the sack" means to be fired from your job.
Britain established many colonies.
England is a land where the policemen carry no revolvers.
England is a country that I've wanted to visit for a long time.
No other English dramatist rivals Shakespeare.
The climate of England is similar to that of Hokkaido.
The climate of England is milder than that of Scotland.
British soccer fans sometimes get completely out of hand.
Together with Britain, France may ban imports of waste from Germany.
While in England I often consulted the guidebook.
When I was in England, I had great difficulty trouble in speaking English.
The fact that Britain had no national anthem before 1745 is in itself of little consequence.
British and Japanese cars have steering wheels on the right side.
The political systems of Britain and Japan have a great deal in common.
Who is the greatest poet in England?
I hear the grass is green even in the winter in England.
The weather changes very often in England.
England resembles Japan in many respects.
In England they are supposed to keep to the left.
In England spring really begins with the first of May.
They drive on the left in England.
In Britain they call the subway the underground.
In Britain a truck is referred to as a lorry.
Are the stores closed on Sunday in England?
In England they have much rain at this time of the year.
I come from England.
The voyage from England to India used to take 6 months.
You can't just come in here and start ordering people around.
I was discharged without notice.
Ms Sato is no lightweight. I just saw her chug three bottles of beer.
Just wandering around can be a good way to travel.
Any amount of money will do.
The most careful man sometimes makes mistakes.
You can see how much difference a few degrees can make.
It's surprising how many unhappy marriages there are.
No matter how humble it may be, home is home.
How to live is the most important thing in life.
How to live is an important question for young people.
No matter how learned one may be, he or she cannot be called a good person unless he or she has a sound mind.
That's Bill all over.
Your clothes say "vacation resort" to me.
A squid has ten arms.
It's very important to know how to let off steam, living in this world.
You can always count on Holmes in any emergency.
No animal can exist without plants.
Any virtuous idea can be vicious in itself.
No student is allowed to enter the room.
Any political party is conservative in itself.
Under no circumstances will the princess succeed to the throne.
Under no circumstances must you leave the room.
No action is in itself good or bad.
No country should interfere in another country's internal affairs.
You had better not go.
The raft has drifted far off from the shore.
It was an adventure going down the river on a raft.
Quit the snow job!
How is it with you?
How do you like Texas so far?
No, thank you. I'm so full.
And Jesus and his disciples had also been invited to the wedding.
Jesus said, "You believe because I told you I saw you under the fig tree."
Jesus answered, "I tell you the truth."
Jesus wept.
Turning around, Jesus saw them following and asked, "What do you want?"
Jesus was born of Mary.
When Jesus saw Nathanael approaching, he said of him, "Here truly is an Israelite in whom there is no deceit."
This, the first of the miraculous signs, Jesus performed in Cana in Galilee.
Jesus answered them.
When he saw Jesus passing by, he said...
Just say yes or no.
No no she is very naughty.
No, you have to make a connecting flight in Chicago.
To say is one thing, and to do quite another.
It goes without saying that honesty is the best policy.
I think we could be good friends.
What medicine do you recommend?
Good riddance!
You got that one going in a good direction.
Get yourself a decent suit.
At your age you should know better.
It smells good!
Ah, this hot water's good!
You have a lot of nerve.
He tried harder to get good marks than I did.
It looks as if it's going to be a nice day.
It is a nice day, isn't it?
A nice day, isn't it? How about going for a swim?
Isn't it a lovely day!
It being fine, we went hiking yesterday.
Since the weather is so good, can I open a window?
We have good news.
You got yourself a nice guy.
Hope you'll have a great one.
I think you're on the right track.
You have a nice line in doing your work.
Let's go to the theater early so that we can get good seats.
He seems like quite a find.
He is nice.
He is nice, but he's not the one for me.
I'm jealous that you have a good boss.
I'll get you a nice girl.
I'm very serious about wanting to be a good magician.
I hit upon a good idea.
I was dealt a good hand.
Don't you think that's a good combination?
It's not a good car, but it's a car.
Did you buy a nice bicycle?
You just take the rough with the smooth.
If you are a good boy, you shall have a nice cake.
Behave yourself, or you'll have to leave the room.
If you are a good girl, you shall have candy.
Don't cry, there's a dear.
Now be a good boy and go beddy-byes.
It seems to be becoming hard to get a good job.
A good idea came into my mind.
A good idea came into my head.
A good idea entered my mind.
I've got a good idea.
I'm looking forward to good news.
I met him by happy accident.
I'm getting happy.
Like a good wine, he improves with age.
It seems to be a good house.
Did you have a nice summer?
Isn't it about time you went to bed?
Cut it out.
Open your eyes to reality.
You will make a good wife.
The seasoning is just right.
It sounds great!
He is very bad at inventing excuses.
Unless they have a good wine list, I don't want to eat here.
Sure, but don't take your time.
Do you know a good restaurant?
Sure. What can I do?
No. He doesn't like water!
No, I can't. I have to watch a baseball game on TV.
No, I don't. What's he like?
A good specimen might weigh up to a kilo.
A good brandy completes a fine meal.
You were lucky to find it.
It was a nice party. You should have come, too.
Sure. Do you know a good place?
Sure. What is it?
Sure. That's a good idea.
Sure. It's next to the Plaza Department Store.
That's great. Nobody gives me anything.
Let me tell you this. No one succeeded without making an effort.
You see, I left school when I was thirteen.
Yeast makes dough rise.
Yeast acts as an agent in making bread rise.
Yeast makes beer ferment.
Let's go and watch the Easter parade.
Happy Easter!
I'm painting Easter eggs.
I learned a lot from what I heard.
I'll tell you a secret.
That's a nice coat.
Did you have a nice Christmas?
Don't pay any attention to the boss.
I bought a good camera.
Don't do the job just any old way.
Stop pestering me, I'm busy.
Don't give me that!
In other words, he is lazy.
It's a beautiful day, isn't it?
Say pretty things about a person's children.
No. I went to Guam once on my honeymoon.
No. I have been looking for them for more than one hour.
No, I'm tired.
No, it cannot be true.
No, you need not.
No, I don't know.
No, she has never fallen in love.
No, I don't. I want to learn sometime.
No. You have to buy it at the ticket office.
No, I don't think it will clear up.
Not at all.
No, she didn't.
No, he didn't.
No, I don't think that I am to blame.
No, I'm afraid not.
No, you need not go right now.
No, I've never been there.
No, you don't.
No, you won't.
No, he will not.
No, I'm not singing.
No, I went out.
No, it gains ten minutes a day.
No, no, my dear.
No, he has gone out for lunch already.
No, I haven't written it yet.
No problem. Come again soon.
No, I will go by bus.
No, please dial nine first.
No, but I'll look it up in the dictionary.
No, but I play tennis.
No, I don't. But I have a slight cold.
No, but they might have them at our other store.
No, thank you. I'm just looking.
No, you don't have to.
No, no, it's on me.
No, I don't. I want a room for tonight.
No, thank you. I'm just looking around.
No, thank you. I've had enough.
No, not how many toys, how many keys?
No, not too much.
No, it's been delayed 45 minutes.
This is a great apartment.
I made Ann my secretary.
Ammonia is a colorless liquid or gas with a very strong smell.
They were treating me so rudely that I suddenly just lost it.
You shouldn't rely too heavily on the weather report.
Don't be so greedy.
I have neglected you so long that I feel a bit shy in visiting you.
Ann is exclusive in her choice of friends.
Anne is the envy of all her friends.
Ann does not lack for friends.
Ann sings elegantly.
Ann sang a lullaby for her little sister.
Ann has achieved her desired goal.
Ann seems to be ill.
Ann often plays tennis after school.
Ann is said to be their leader.
Ann apologized to her teacher for coming to school late.
Ann swam across the river.
Ann is a little girl.
Ann has a kind heart.
Ann likes to write poems.
Anne will not come to our party.
Ann gave me this present.
Ann can't find a job.
Anne is patiently knitting.
Ann was in a hurry this morning.
Ann wrote something on the blackboard.
Ann came downstairs.
Ann must be dreaming a happy dream.
Anne will not accomplish anything.
Ann likes music very much.
Anne accepted Henry's proposal.
Ann will not come to our party.
Ann was long coming.
Ann gave an account of how she had escaped.
Ann plays tennis very well.
Ann has a weakness for chocolate.
Ann is a cheerleader.
Ann has just finished writing her report.
Ann bent her mind to the work.
Ann finished painting the picture.
Ann was surprised to hear the rumor.
Ann has a little money with her.
I think Ann loves Jack.
I wonder when Anne will come.
Ann always keeps her room clean.
It is said that Anne will get married in June.
Anne lived in terror of being captured by Nazis.
Which book did you pick out to send to Anne?
Be nice to Ann.
I must apologize to Ann.
Ann had no friends to play with.
Ann has no sister.
Anne has many admirers.
I can't abide to see such fellows.
It is unlikely that such a cool headed person got upset.
I cannot abide such people.
I wish I had not bought such a useless thing.
I'm sorry I was so rude.
What am I supposed to say when he puts it so logically?
You shouldn't have flown out like that.
He must be crazy to behave like that.
I don't talk to anyone who's that status-conscious.
Don't take any notice of those rude boys.
Those gloom and doom economists aren't worth their salt.
Getting shy Kyoko to talk at a party is like pulling teeth.
You needn't have helped him with his work.
Lending money to such a fellow is as good as throwing it away.
You're going to fall and sprain your ankle wearing sandals with such huge platforms.
I like the sound of what he says, but it IS just talk, you know.
I can't bear the sight of him.
Don't have anything to do with him. He is completely untrustworthy.
I did wrong in trusting such a fellow.
He should be put in prison.
He would sooner rather die than work for that man.
You are crazy to lend money to him.
Don't go down before such a man.
How did you come to know such a wonderful girl?
I can't hold with such a politician.
That politician put his foot in his mouth when he made those racist comments.
Don't associate with such people.
Don't get involved with those people.
There are few if any such kind men.
No one knows when such a custom first came into existence.
He cannot be a gentleman to say such a rude thing.
He's completely shunned. I'm surprised he's still working here.
He is fortunate having such a good wife.
Such behavior is beneath his dignity.
Never did I see such a fool.
I cannot shed a tear for that horrible man.
It was stupid of me to make such a mistake.
How foolish I was not to discover that simple lie!
You ought not to have kept her waiting on such a cold night.
He'll have an accident one of these days if he keeps driving like that.
I can beat him hands down.
If you trust such a fellow, you'll lose everything you have.
He must be a fool to talk like that.
Anna married without the knowledge of her parents.
I'll bet it gives her a feeling of superiority to be so beautiful.
It's unlike him to get so angry.
You need not have come so early in the morning.
With all her merits she was not proud.
Never have I seen such a big whale.
You must be a good athlete to have run a mile in such a short time.
I can't apply my mind to anything with all that noise!
Can he be ill when he runs around like that?
I've never heard English spoken so quickly.
It is fortunate that we should have met such kind people.
Liking children the way she does Sue should become a teacher.
I had never seen such an exciting baseball game before.
I wish I hadn't seen such a horrible film.
You are fortunate to have such loving parents.
I wish I hadn't spent so much money.
If I tried to wear shoes with heels that high, I'd sprain my ankle.
I wish I had not spent so much money.
Shame on you for getting so flustered. You looked ridiculous.
I'd love to be able to wear a dress like that. But I'll have to lose some weight first.
She was the last person I had expected to see there.
It's quite absurd of you to tell her that sort of thing.
It's the first time that anybody said something like that to me.
It is courageous of you to say such a thing.
You've got to be crazy to do something like that.
After what has happened, I dare not see her again.
You shouldn't have said such a thing to her.
How long are you going to be seeing that loser of a boyfriend?
It's hard to complain against such good people.
The number of errors of fact in Arendt's book are considerably fewer than Abel implies.
It seems Ann and Zachary ran off together.
Andersen was afraid of dogs, too.
I was looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
Andy is never late for a date.
Andy must have practiced very hard.
Andy hung his shirt up in the closet.
Andy is master of French and German.
Oh, and Andy Dillon called...
You've got the wrong station.
What know you of patience?
You came when I was thirty.
You can't be hungry. You had a snack a few minutes ago.
You have a good camera.
If you dress like that at your age, you'll make a fool of yourself.
I am afraid your watch is two minutes slow.
Everybody except the Anderson family is going to the party next Thursday evening.
Why are you with a pig?
What are you lining up for?
Anthony was esteemed by the Egyptians.
The apricot trees are in full blossom.
Angola was once a Portuguese territory.
The questionnaires were distributed at random.
The questionnaire form was distributed properly.
I love Ann all the more because she is shy.
Ann cannot be playing the piano.
Is the rumor that Anne will get married to John true?
Either Ann or Carol is going to take care of the baby.
Huh? What is this? They're not going to use my proposal?
Being a hasty person, he is likely to jump to conclusions.
Being written in great haste, this letter has quite a few mistakes.
Marry in haste, and repent at leisure.
You should grab your bag and hurry home.
It's better to take your time at this job than to hurry and make mistakes.
Hasty marriage seldom succeeds.
What's that?
I have heard nothing from him since then.
Nothing can be worse than that.
I have had a series of misfortunes since then.
Will you introduce me to the young woman talking with Mrs. Allen?
Allen was given a problem that was impossible to solve.
Can I see that one?
Do you have any allergies?
I have allergic rhinitis.
Those are their books.
Whose books are those?
Those are our teachers' cars.
Those are my sister's books.
Those are my books.
Those are my CDs.
Those are our books.
Are those your pictures?
They move from place to place.
Those books are theirs.
Those cats are liked by her.
What do you think of those Japanese writers?
Those mechanics are paid as much as ten thousand yen per hour.
Those photos are hers.
Those houses are 500 years old.
Those flowers smell sweet.
Those houses are big.
Those houses are my uncle's.
The reputation of those musicians is not the best.
Those dark clouds will probably bring rain.
Those apples are big.
Those dogs are big.
His patience was worn out by all these troubles and anxieties.
That is not an orange, either.
The game would not have been called off if it hadn't rained so heavily.
For all the money he has, he is not happy.
For all his wealth, he is not happy.
For all his wealth and fame, he is unhappy.
For all his experience, he had no idea what to do with it.
That's the man who lives next door.
It was so hard, I tell you.
Is that a picture of me?
That is a student whom my father teaches.
That is her house.
That is the temple which they live in.
That is his house.
That is his car.
Those were his actual words.
That is the picture that he painted.
That is the house where he lives.
That is not a horse, but a donkey.
That is such a high mountain as old people can't climb.
Is that a cat or a dog?
That is a pagoda.
That's a farce.
Whose book is that?
Whose car is that?
Whose shoes are those?
I call that some poem.
That is new a shop which opened last week.
One thing led to another.
That is the highest mountain in the world.
That is the fastest train in the world.
That is our school.
That is my sister's camera.
That is the building where my father works.
This is my dog.
That was my mistake.
That is not my pen.
That is my overcoat.
That's our house.
That is the restaurant where we had dinner yesterday.
That is the shop where I used to work.
That is the house where I was born.
That is the same bicycle as I have.
That is the same skirt as I bought yesterday.
That's the boy I saw yesterday.
That was the most interesting novel that I had ever read.
That is the man whom I know well.
That is the girl whom I know well.
That is the girl who waited on me in the shop yesterday.
That is a high building, is it not?
That is an old camera.
That is an old castle.
Isn't that your dictionary?
Those tears are artificial.
They are a good airline to fly with.
Is that a cow or a buffalo?
That was a valuable experience.
That is a leather belt.
That's a problem difficult to solve.
What does that sign say?
What's that bird?
What is the name of that river?
That is not a yellow piece of chalk.
That is a pencil.
Is that the man whose wife was killed in the car accident?
It's Mt. Rushmore.
It is out of fashion.
That can't be Mary. She is in hospital now.
Is that a bus or a car?
Is that a cat?
What a big ship that is!
That is not a tiger.
That is a very complex machine.
It was such a wonderful movie that I saw it five times.
That was not at all an appropriate remark.
That is a table.
That is just what I wanted.
Is that as heavy as this?
That is the boy who came here yesterday.
I bet he is our principal.
It's a pheasant.
That is a lovely doll, isn't it?
That is your book.
That is the bus stop.
Yeah, she must be the sure thing!
There is no more difficult task than that.
Can you tell me how this compares to that?
To teach Alex, Pepperberg used a special form of training.
How many cars does Alex have?
Alex is for the most part just an ordinary bird.
Alex will answer, "Color!"
Alex seemed to learn nouns such as "paper," "key" and "cork," and color names such as "red," "green" and "yellow."
"Five!" says Alex.
Alex would correctly describe the object and color, even if he had never seen that object before.
Alex names objects, like "walnut," "paper" and "corn".
That amount of food will last them for a week.
Ask Alex.
How long did it take you to collect so many coins?
You shouldn't even try making sense of it.
I have taken everything into consideration.
The worried housewife heard the telephone ring and quickly picked up the receiver.
Is that a bat?
That was his nearest approach to a smile.
That is mine.
That is my school.
That is our baseball field.
That is the house where I have lived for a long time.
That must be the city hall.
That is the poet I met in Paris.
That is the main street of this city.
Isn't that the Golden Gate Bridge?
Oh, I didn't know it was that close.
According to one story, the money was round so that it could roll from place to place.
A travel agent arranged everything for our trip.
One evening a man came to my house.
In a way, life is a cruel thing. It holds major problems in store for each one of us.
Just because a certain book does not interest readers does not mean that the fault lies in the book.
I'm working for a trading firm.
I don't think it's easy to form your own opinion on an issue.
I'd like to put some things in the hotel safe.
I perceived an object looming through the mist.
You could always hand off some of the work to the junior staff.
A critic once said that if you saw my ballet paintings, you didn't have to go to a live performance.
One night he came home very tired and sad.
One night a merchant was walking up the slope on his way home.
One Sunday morning George burst into the living room and said the following.
One day she met a wolf in the woods.
One day she was spoken to by a stranger.
One day she and I visited an old friend.
One day he set off on a long walk around the town.
One day he went to see the doctor.
One day he was walking along the street.
It was certain that he saw her there on a certain day.
One day I visited an old friend.
One day I was lost in London.
One day I visited my aunt.
One day, Natsume Soseki was lost in London.
One day Mike and Jane went downtown to do some shopping.
One day Byron awoke to find himself famous.
One day, the police raided a whole group of prostitutes, and the girl was among them.
One day a girl came to visit me.
One day an old man went fishing in the river.
One day, she told me that she wanted a pet cat.
One day he helped a weak turtle.
One day he killed himself.
One day I met him.
I visited my uncle in the country one day.
One day I was running with my brother.
One day I found a box there.
One of the children asked one day: "Where do babies come from?"
One day, a black woman, Rosa Parks, was returning home after a hard day's work.
One day, it happened that I passed his house.
One day the men got to his village.
One day, Chris discovered the charming girl of his dreams.
One winter morning I met him.
According to one legend, it gets its name from a priest.
I can trust him to a certain extent.
You are right to a certain extent.
I agree with what you say to some extent.
To some extent I agree with you.
I agree with you to a certain extent.
I trust him to some extent.
In a sense, I can understand his confusion.
You must assimilate into new surroundings.
I agree with you to some extent.
When a currency depreciates, that has an inflationary effect on the economy of the country of the currency.
According to a survey, three in five people today are indifferent to foreign affairs.
I awoke one morning and found myself famous.
I awoke one morning to find myself famous.
One morning he went for a walk.
It happened one morning that she met him on the street.
One morning he saw a pretty girl.
One morning at breakfast we children were informed to our utter dismay that we could no longer be permitted to run absolutely wild.
You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
A man was complaining of something in a sharp voice.
If you watch the sun setting on a warm, damp day, you can see the moisture changing the shape of the sun.
A group started a campaign to preserve rain forests.
If you want to know how a certain word is used, look it up in this dictionary.
There lived an old man in a village.
A math teacher says, "With a calculator, the child can reach the right answer, but have no idea at all how he got there."
It is very hard to tell what country a person comes from.
What makes one person more intelligent than another?
Some people seemed to think the good times were going to last forever.
One went fishing, another went shopping.
What makes one person a genius and another person a fool?
One man says this, another that.
One man's meat is another man's poison.
One man was seen digging with his bare hands.
The fact that a man lives on the same street with me does not mean he is my friend.
A man came to see me yesterday.
It is not good manners to laugh at someone when he makes mistakes.
It is not too much to say that a man's interests are a sure guide to the real man.
A certain girl was a prostitute but didn't want her grandma to know.
A woman lost her driver's license while she was shopping the other day at a department store.
A woman was hurt in the accident, and her two daughters were too.
A woman brought an old picture of her dead husband, wearing a hat, to the photographer.
A girl phoned me.
A woman was sitting on a stool in a bar.
One hot summer afternoon she decided to take her boyfriend to a farm outside the town.
One hot summer afternoon, John and Dan were cutting the long grass.
They were erected to commemorate a certain event or to tell an ancestral legend.
One weekend all of the hotels in the city were full because there was a large convention.
If a tree dies, plant another in its place.
Certain poisons, properly used, are useful.
Some animals can sense the coming of a storm.
Certain animals are fast disappearing.
Some kinds of birds can't fly.
We can conjecture that it may be advantageous for a particular bird to be known to its neighbors or its mate.
Some kinds of food make one thirsty.
The prices of certain foods vary from week to week.
Some plants cannot adapt themselves to the cold.
That kind of behavior is characteristic of the boy.
In one letter he remarks, "Life is but a dream".
What is right in one society can be wrong in another.
I got hurt during an experiment, and the injury was pretty serious.
There have always been fashionable faces and expressions which marked an epoch.
The museums are full of objects which the most cultivated taste of a period considered beautiful, but which seem to us now worthless.
The best way to know what a country is like is to go and see it with your own eyes.
If you are to know a nation, you must learn its history.
When I first visit a country, I always try to share a meal with the people there.
The manners and customs of a country reflect its culture.
As soon as one airline announced its plan for airfare reductions, the rest of the companies followed suit.
An idea came to me.
A certain door-to-door salesman made a fool of a trusting old lady and went off with a lot of her money.
There lived a king in an old castle.
A study reports that 53,000 Americans die each year as a result of secondhand smoke.
According to a study, big women are more prone to have twins.
A study shows lung cancer accounts for 17% of women's cancer deaths.
One professor says that even if Alex is using words, it's wrong to call it a language.
A generous man contributed some two billion yen to charity.
A strange idea sprang up in my mind.
I'm going to see some student.
A scholar made an excellent speech about human rights.
A foreigner asked me where the station was.
One Tuesday I stayed home because I had an appointment with the dentist later in the morning.
A song says a girl's mind is variable.
The movie director was enchanted by Kate at first sight.
One rainy morning I woke up to find myself famous.
One rainy evening he was driving a car.
In a sense what he says is true.
On a rainy morning he left his house early so as to be in time for school.
In a way you are right, but I still have doubts.
In a sense, it is true.
Polite language, in a sense, spoils a casual atmosphere.
In a sense, life is only a dream.
In a way, what your friend has said is true.
In a sense, you are wrong.
In a sense, such a political movement may be called a revolution.
In a sense, you are right.
In a way, you're wrong.
In a sense, life is but a dream.
In a way, Susie seems like my mother.
It was said that a great poet had resided here.
If you turn a blind eye to something, you ignore it.
I like Alpine skiing better than Nordic skiing.
You have to be outside something, able to experience it from a distance, before it makes sense.
Alfred was made captain of the team.
The Alps are in the center of Europe.
The scenery of the Alps left a lasting impression on me.
Say the alphabet backwards.
Write the alphabet in capitals.
How many letters are there in the alphabet?
The alphabet consists of 26 letters.
'A' comes before 'B' in the alphabet.
In the alphabet, B comes after A.
Will you show me your photo album?
An alpaca looks like a horse and a camel.
Today is my second day of my side job.
I'll have to find a part-time job.
Working part-time, I found that some customers were polite, whereas others were not.
I have no job, so I can never save money.
I think a part-time job is a good experience.
I made a lot of money on the side.
Albert is quick at learning.
Albert is the last person to break a promise.
Albert is engaged in foreign trade and often goes abroad.
Albert, I hope you'll stand by me if I get in trouble.
The amount of time someone is willing to spend on something may communicate how important it is to him.
Don't drink any alcohol.
Do you have any non-alcoholic drinks?
An alcoholic tends not to die happily.
Do you have anything non-alcoholic?
Alcohol consumption is increasing every year.
He was under the influence of alcohol when he crashed his car.
Alcohol has done great mischief to his body.
Alcohol is beginning to tell on his speech.
Does ALC's web site include an archive of English expressions?
Life as it is is very uninteresting to him.
Perhaps that's true.
Try to see things as they are.
There is a curious story about an Englishman.
One American scientist, William Keeton, used a very interesting experiment to solve this mystery.
One sunny day in April, I went out for a walk.
A 19-year-old Canadian broke the world record last month for a nonstop, round-trip swim across the English Channel.
All the money is lost.
There is one, but it's a little far.
This is just another day.
We often hear it said that ants are social animals.
Ants work away during summer.
The alibi points to her innocence.
Don't think little of the ants' lives.
Sysko works like an ant.
It is difficult to tell the bare facts.
Ants have a well-organized society.
I spent all the savings I had on this.
I gave her all the money I had.
Alice has a flower on her head.
Alice slid down the long slide.
Alice hung her head in shame.
Alice rushed into her room.
Alice wasn't listening to her sister.
Alice was frightened of her strict mother.
Alice wears a sweet perfume.
Alice wasn't present at the meeting, was she?
Alice felt something hard melt in her heart.
Alice smiled.
Alice may possibly come.
Alice returned home early from work with a severe headache.
Alice didn't see the dog.
It seems that Alice is very pleased with the suit.
Alice has had a cold since last Sunday.
Alice went to bed at ten.
Alice, not knowing where to find the book, asked her mother where it was.
Alice might have been there yesterday, but we didn't see her.
The green color becomes Alice.
It was to the concert that Alice went yesterday.
I think it strange that Alice should keep silence for such a long time.
John broke in as Alice was speaking.
It was yesterday that Alice went to a concert.
Ants are swarming around the sugar.
We shot our wad.
Thank you, brothers.
Thanks, but no thanks.
You might at least say "thank you."
We'll do our best, thank you.
Thank you. I used to play tennis in high school.
Thanks. Maybe we'll come back.
Thanks. When you get off work, we'll go to my place for another.
Thanks, Yukina.
Thank you, I've had enough.
I'm fine, too, thank you.
I appreciate it, but I think I shouldn't.
I have more than enough time.
Nobody likes to be found fault with.
Ah, we have run short of sugar.
Alan Tate and I looked at one another for a while.
Everything is subject to the laws of nature.
What is a cynic? A man who knows the price of everything, and the value of nothing.
Every insult was put on him.
All inventions grow out of necessity.
Research revealed that the same high truancy levels were to be found in every inner city district.
We are surprised to see how every creature lives.
All the truth is not to be told at all time.
People in every walk of life go to church.
Jack of all trades is master of none.
I've looked everywhere, but I can't find my wallet.
People everywhere yearn for public leaders dedicated to world peace.
All sorts of people came to the exhibition.
Every situation requires individual analysis.
Taking all things into consideration, his conduct can be excused.
Everything concurred to make him happy.
All things considered, he is a good teacher.
Taking everything into consideration, the result is better than I expected.
Every child objects to being treated like a baby.
It is essential that every child have the same educational opportunities.
The history of every country begins in the heart of a man or a woman.
Every cause produces more than one effect.
Regard all art critics as useless and dangerous.
You must avail yourself of every opportunity.
You should avail yourself of every opportunity.
Every opportunity is used, and you should do English practice.
Try to make the most of every opportunity.
We tried all means possible.
All possible means have been tried.
There is a limit to everything.
I have looked everywhere, but I can not find my wallet.
All things taken into consideration, my father's life was a happy one.
All things considered, he led a happy life.
I think everything is going well.
The most important feature of all games is that they are governed by rules.
Yecch. This rice cracker is soggy.
I can't read Arabic script.
The Arabic script was replaced by the Roman alphabet.
Arabic is a very important language.
Arabic is written from right to left.
Arabia abounds in oil.
They keep lambs for meat in Arabia.
A new difficulty presented itself.
In Alaska you can see natural phenomena like the aurora, right?
The storm blew for two days.
The storm abated.
The oak tree remained standing after the storm.
The storm laid the village flat.
Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I have the wrong number.
You should have telephoned in advance.
We ought to have phoned ahead and reserved a table.
Let's get things ready beforehand.
Please let me know the schedule beforehand.
Oh, no! I forgot to punch in again!
Oh dear! I'm short of money.
Oh, just the usual stuff.
Oh, I can hear you clearly.
Wow, you're dressed to kill.
Oh, please call me Angela.
Oh your daughter Haru-chan is very cheerful.
She fumbled with a piece of paper.
Aya tends to carry things to extremes.
Aya likes intense colors, such as hot pink, electric blue and deep purple.
I nearly made a mistake.
Aya has good reason to speak perfect German.
In American culture, speech is golden.
The President of the U.S. paid a formal visit to China.
The American Ambassador was invited to the gathering.
A lot of people were out of work during the Great Depression in America.
He was the last person I had expected to see during my stay in America.
The ancestors of Native Americans went to the continent from Asia by way of the Bering Strait.
Born in America, Taro speaks good English.
The American Government declared a state of emergency.
Two traits of Americans are generosity and energy.
Americans pay both federal taxes and state taxes.
The Americans are a democratic people.
Americans have the right to bear arms.
Americans eat a lot of meat.
Americans may regard shy people as less capable than those who are not shy.
Americans are very friendly people.
Many Americans like fast cars.
The Americans are an aggressive people.
Americans spend most of their lives working, being productive.
Americans spend much of their free time at home.
Americans are frank enough to say what they think.
Americans on the whole are a talkative people.
What are Americans overlooking?
Americans, in general, don't like to dress up.
Americans admire Lincoln for his honesty.
Americans called frankfurters "dachshund sausages."
Americans participate in most sports.
I hear that Americans spell it l-a-b-o-r.
The Americans had nothing to do with the matter.
With an American father and a French mother, she is bilingual.
Some Americans have grave debts.
As is often the case with Americans, he does not care for raw fish.
To Americans, a Japanese baby seems to have no privacy.
How would you know an American from an Englishman?
He doesn't seem to be an American.
I, as an American, admire Lincoln.
Just as the Americans like baseball, the British like cricket.
Americans accumulated their trade deficits by living far beyond their means.
If the Americans had had less influence on affairs, war might well have been avoided.
The Americans don't accept Fascism any more than they do Communism.
A girl from America is in our class.
The first immigrants in American history came from England and the Netherlands.
We met in the American history class.
The USA is a good market for Japanese products.
The United States is a large country.
The United States is a republic.
The United States seems to have got caught up in the troubles between the three nations in Asia.
The USA is composed of 50 states.
My fellow Americans: ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country.
The economic strength of the USA is not what it was.
There are fifty states in the United States.
He went to Europe by way of America.
The U.S. economy is the largest in the world.
The U.S. economy is in good health.
The American economy is in solid shape.
The U.S. economy shrugged off the '87 Crash.
CEO's of American corporations are paid several times their Japanese counterparts.
You shall not use this form while speaking American English.
I prefer French films to American ones.
American films are more popular than those of any other country.
I'm crazy about American football.
In American football the defense has a specific job.
Do you accept AMEX?
You can fly across America in about five hours.
I have no time to go to America.
Are we losing a day on the way to America?
If you are going to America, brush up your English.
If you are to go to America, you had better learn English conversation.
You might as well stay at home as go to America.
Do you have any special reason why you want to go to America?
A trip to America this summer is out of the question.
A trip to America is out of the question.
A trip to America was equivalent to a two-year salary for her.
The voyage to America used to take many weeks.
America is a country on the move.
America did away with slavery.
America is second to none in natural resources.
America abounds in oil.
The U.S. is calling for an arms embargo against violators of the treaty.
Americans eat lots of wheat, rye and other grains.
America is proud of being a free country.
America will solve her problems for herself.
America likes to claim that it is a "classless" society.
The USA will only use air strikes in the country as a last resort.
America is a large country and its people are mobile.
America is ahead in space technology.
America is a land of immigrants.
America is a country of immigrants.
The U.S. is deep in the red.
America is very large.
America is often referred to as a melting pot.
The U.S. is a service economy.
The United States borders Canada.
When did America become independent of England?
What's your impression of the United States?
America did away with slavery in 1863.
He said that America declared its independence in 1776.
America was discovered by Columbus in 1492.
The U.S. thinks it is getting the short end of the stick.
Let's look back on the history of the United States.
In the early days of American history, blacks lived in slavery.
American parents are willing to say good things about their children in public.
In the justice system of the United States, there are twelve people on a jury.
While American methods are often successful, the Japanese educational system that produces the most literate people in the world surely has some lessons to teach the U.S.
The average American living space is twice as large as the living space in Japan.
The American culture had been transplanted from Europe.
Many criminals in America are addicted to drugs.
The urban population of America is increasing.
The typical middle-class American baby comes home from the hospital to sleep in his own bed in his own room.
When applying to American universities, your TOEFL score is only one factor.
American kitchens are much bigger than Japanese ones.
There is no end in sight to the U.S. trade deficit with Japan.
America's foreign debt shot past $500 billion.
The natives of the North-West Pacific Coast of America were probably descendants of tribes from Asia.
The death penalty had been done away with in many states in the USA.
I was getting used to living in America.
American politics are interesting to watch, especially during a presidential election.
Is American food popular here in Japan?
Slaves are brought to the American colonies.
Compared with those in America, Japanese marriages rarely end in divorce.
American women didn't have the right to vote.
U.S. revisionists take a hard-line approach to Japanese relations.
What is the capital of the United States?
American children grow up hearing those words.
I don't think I can cut in working in America.
American industry makes various attempts to find and encourage brilliant students from abroad.
Black people in America once said, "Give us freedom".
The American people elected Mr. Clinton President.
Many American high-school students do not know that the Civil War took place between 1861 and 1865.
The American police are in blue uniforms.
U.S. companies are working to find a niche in the Japanese economy.
American students are falling behind in math.
Many American students work their way through the university.
Athletic boys are popular with girls in American schools.
I've made up my mind to work for a company in the States.
American songs were on the air.
The American home does away with most housework by using machines.
It was dark in the American house.
How does America impress you?
I saw an American musical.
In U.S. bakeries, a "baker's dozen" is 13, not 12.
American news stories always refer to "The Japanese" no matter who is being talked about.
American senior citizens are comparatively well-off.
If you decide to come to America, please let me know as soon as possible.
I wonder what has become of him after he went to America.
You have to cross the ocean to get to America.
He told me he was going to America.
There are many races in the United States.
America has an elaborate system of constitutional checks and balances.
Several races live together in America.
There are fifty states in America.
Laws to prevent computer crimes were enacted in the USA.
I had many problems during my visit to the U.S., but overall, I had a good time.
It would have been better if you had stayed in America.
I want to stay in America for a few years.
In America, rice can be bought for a fifth of what it costs in Japan.
The joint-venture between the American and Japanese companies fell through.
I'm looking forward to touring bookstores in the US.
In America cars drive on the right side of the road.
What is the most popular sport in America?
In America, scores of free agents switch teams every year.
In the U.S., it is common to give a present, such as glasses or a coffee-maker, to the bride at weddings.
In the U.S., part of the application process to universities usually includes an essay on "Why I want to go to university."
Many couples in America both work to make ends meet.
In America, many people have fences around their homes.
In the U.S., freedom of religion is one of the guarantees of the Bill of Rights.
In the United States it is popular for girls to learn to skip rope.
Laws differ from state to state in the United States.
In the U.S., you usually have to show identification in order to buy alcohol.
In the United States the automobile is a necessity and not a luxury.
There are still some dry states in the U.S.
They speak English in America.
In the U.S. I was often taken to be Chinese.
Bean sprouts are eaten as a salad in America.
In the U.S., most people can vote when they reach eighteen years of age.
No sport is as popular as football in America.
There are a great many forest fires in America.
Where are you going to stay in the States?
In American money, a "quarter" is 25 cents; 4 quarters make a dollar.
In America elderly people are not given the same degree of respect they receive in many other countries.
In the U.S., there are more prisoners than there is jail space for them. So the prisons are overcrowded.
While some private and church schools in America have uniforms, they are not common.
In America, my schedule is different and unique nearly every day.
In the U.S., it is common for people to write a check instead of paying cash.
In the United States, 20 million new jobs have been created during the past two decades, most of them in the service sector.
In the U.S., you have the option, when you enter a restaurant, to sit in the smoking or non-smoking section.
What's your business in the States?
Every town in America has a library.
There are roads and freeways wherever you go in America.
Why do you think soccer isn't popular in the US?
Have you made much progress in English in America?
A student from America lives near my house.
I will have graduated from college by the time you come back from America.
I'll get in touch with you as soon as I return from America.
We have received many orders from the U.S.
I understand you're visiting from America.
We captured cicadas with a net.
Don't get your dander up, but I have bad news to tell you.
Don't depend on your parents too much.
It wasn't a very interesting novel.
I hope this will not inconvenience you too much.
Don't work yourself too hard.
I felt so sleepy that I could hardly keep my eyes open.
Don't take things so seriously.
Don't take things too seriously.
Don't blow your own horn too much.
Don't put much confidence in him.
I don't see much of him.
I hope we don't have to wait for too long.
I had not waited long before he came.
You don't look very well. You had better not go to work today.
I am hoarse from yelling so much.
A child is spoiled by too much attention.
I was surprised because it was very big.
I had not waited long before he appeared.
He got so stout that his collar did not meet.
Don't expect too much.
Don't be too dependent on others.
I experience nausea when I go on too many rides.
Don't rely too much on others.
Please don't walk too fast.
Don't lean too much on others.
Don't depend on other people too much.
Don't be so serious. It's only a game.
I don't read newspapers much.
Don't worry too much, or you'll go bald.
Be sure not to eat too much.
It is too hot to work.
I didn't care about going out.
It is dangerous to drink too much.
I do not have much time.
I don't have much time. Could you hurry?
I don't have much time.
Don't be discouraged because you are not very talented.
If you push yourself too hard, you'll make yourself ill.
I would like a less expensive double room.
Many a mother spoils her sons by not being strict enough.
You don't look so hot.
Not too well.
Don't press your luck, kid.
There is not much hope.
Don't get your hopes up too much.
It seems that you are not having a good time here.
I had not gone far before I met him.
We had not gone far before we were caught in a shower.
I had not gone very far when I was caught in a shower.
It's too dark to play baseball now.
I don't watch a lot of movies, but I can't resist a good documentary.
It's too dark to play tennis now.
I feel tense and agitated when I have too much work to do.
She was not a very good pianist.
Such was her fright that she closed her eyes.
It was so hot that we couldn't walk for long.
Because I was too busy.
It's is so difficult that I have decided to give up trying.
If he is corrected too much, he will stop talking.
His muscles ached from sitting too long in one position.
I was worn out because I had to take care of so many children.
I can't quarrel with my sister because she's too kind.
She shut her eyes because the light was so strong.
Written too quickly, the letter had many mistakes.
It's too cold to go to the sea yet.
So friendly was his letter that she was deeply moved and began to cry.
If there are too many irons in the fire in too short a time, good strategy cannot result.
There was so much noise that the speaker couldn't make himself heard.
It rained so hard that the shrine was washed away.
So much has happened. It's as if the whole world is flipped upside down.
You have changed so much that I can hardly recognize you.
Being too nervous to reply, he stared at the floor.
When you rely on the team too much, it may reduce your individual competitive instincts.
He is apt to get angry if you ask a lot of questions.
Don't boast too much about that.
Holding an eel too fast is the way to let her escape.
Only if it's not too much trouble.
I was wondering if you could give me a lift, if it isn't too much trouble.
You shouldn't eat too much candy.
Don't make the perm too strong, please.
Don't spend too much money.
As I do not have enough money, I will have to do without a new coat this winter.
The Amazon is the second longest river in the world after the Nile.
The Amazon is fed by a large number of tributaries.
There are so-called primitive cultures in the jungles of the Amazon and on the island of New Guinea, and there are so-called advanced cultures in Europe, Asia, and Africa, but the languages of these cultures are all equally advanced and complex.
I asked for an appointment, but he wouldn't spare me the time.
The Apollo program greatly advanced our knowledge of space.
A report came in that Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon.
The sun was shining in all its splendid beauty.
It isn't surprising that Africans may think of English as one of their continent's languages.
Africa is a continent; Greenland is not.
Africa is a continent, but Greenland is not.
Africa is exporting beef to Europe.
Africa was once called the Dark Continent.
Refugees in Africa are seeking help.
My heart aches for the starving children in Africa.
Have you ever been to Africa?
Africa has a lot of nature.
Those who are suffering from hunger in Africa need urgent help.
My year in Africa was a very educational experience in many ways.
Many people in Africa were killed as a result of the storm.
A lot of people in Africa go hungry.
Many children die of starvation in Africa.
They have had no rain in Africa for more than a month.
Abraham Lincoln's father was a carpenter by trade.
I don't want to go out on a limb.
They're some developers who aim to make a fast buck!
Ducks were swimming about on the pond.
It looks like a duck.
What's a loon?
Can you tell a duck from a goose?
Did you rent an apartment?
We soon agreed on a rent for the apartment.
You don't have to pay for an apartment in advance.
How much rent do you pay for the apartment?
The flat is on fire.
What have you done with that wristwatch?
The talented young chess player is very bold. He deliberately lays himself open to attack, makes himself vulnerable and then checkmates his opponent when least expected.
That story can be true.
The story was a two-faced lie that she told you to make you angry with me.
That story is too incredible to be true.
That way of speaking is peculiar to people in this part of the country.
That old man must be off his rock.
Who is that old woman?
That old man is a fussy eater.
The old man had been making white lightning for 50 years.
The old men like to meet on the street corner just to shoot the bull.
They got the sack for being careless and tardy.
You must steer clear of that gang.
The hotel has a homey atmosphere.
How did you come by that fine gold watch?
Look at that shooting star.
How can I get rid of all those fallen leaves?
Those officials don't understand finance at all.
I am going to get that sucker.
I only asked her what she paid for that dull-looking dress and she flew off the handle at me.
How did you deal with the matter?
There were a lot of twists and turns to the story, but we finally solved the problem.
That problem has really got me.
I'll bet that I can beat you to the tree.
That tree is not so tall as this.
Some birds are sitting on the branch of that tree.
The young woman under that tree looks sad.
Let's sit down in the shade of that tree.
Look at the top of that tree.
Who was that troublesome man?
I wonder what happened to that lost child.
What do those lights signify?
She knows she's looking fine.
She looks pretty no matter what she wears.
She isn't so against the idea.
Somebody should tell off that rude man.
I can't abide that rude man.
That inn is 5,000 yen a night, meals excluded.
That translation is said to be true to the original.
I found the book at that bookstore by chance.
Give that book back to me.
I'll keep that book for myself.
Put that book aside for me.
That book is worth reading.
Whose is that book?
That book is a new book.
That book is of no use.
I have read that book several times.
What did you do with those books?
The readers of that book think themselves sophisticated.
Cows abound on that farm.
I am very pleased to meet them.
She's our teacher.
It is regrettable that she should have died so young.
Are you the writer of that report?
That room is not very large.
It is dark in that room.
There are plenty of guests in the room.
You may smoke in that room, but you mustn't smoke in this room.
That lady is haughty to a great degree.
How many maids does that lady want to employ?
That lady appears rich.
The lady is forty years old at most.
That woman stays young.
They are not a well-matched couple.
He and his wife both work and his salary is lower than hers, so no wonder he is a hen-pecked husband.
You need an appointment for that hospital.
They say there's a Picasso and three Renoirs in that museum.
Look at that lovely house of Mary's.
The beautiful scene comes to my mind.
How huge that airship is!
That plane is so ugly.
That airplane was not able to depart at the regular time.
That plane will take off at five.
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.
Look at that flying bird.
That tragedy was etched in my mind.
That picture does not do justice to him.
That man who committed that crime was out of his mind.
That box is made of wood.
That box is too small to hold all these things.
That box is bigger than this one.
That white building is a hospital.
Why not try some of that white wine?
The white building was destroyed by the earthquake.
What's that tall man playing?
That tall man is Mr Smith.
That tall boy saved the drowning child.
That actor is both handsome and skillful.
I can't stand that silly woman.
How fast that horse runs!
That horse may be a good bet.
Look at the cat.
Look at that cat. It is Mr Brown's.
That cat has beautiful fur.
You know times have changed when rivals like Hitachi and NEC get together.
She was the last person I expected to meet that day.
It was a full moon that was seen that day.
It is because the physical condition was bad that it returned that day.
There was a strong wind that day.
That day I ate lunch there.
Those two are exactly alike.
It looks like they have made up again.
They are too close.
They seem to be in love with each other.
Those two boys share the same dormitory room.
Those two runners were head to head right up till the finals in the Olympics.
Are those two going out?
That hard working boy is bound to succeed.
I was badly in need of his help at that time.
Somehow the pitcher always proves a tough customer to me.
Seen from a plane, that island is very beautiful.
That island has a tropical climate.
That island is American territory.
How high is that tower?
The clock on that tower is accurate.
That party is always pandering to the middle class.
If you touch that wire, you'll get a shock.
They deal in rice at that store.
That store sells a lot of imported goods.
That's a cheap store.
That store sells men's wear.
That store sells a wide range of goods.
That shop is a hamburger shop.
That store gives good service.
Have you tried that store?
That store employs eight clerks.
Does that store keep textile goods?
There were no hats in that store that fit me.
A beautiful salesgirl waited on me in the shop.
I came across him in that store.
They sell imports at that store.
They sell good foods at that shop.
They sell meat at that store.
That store sells newspapers and magazines.
They mark down goods at that shop.
They sell sugar and salt at that store.
The store is having a sale on summer goods.
They sell shoes at that store.
They deal in fruit and vegetables at that store.
That store sells many things besides furniture.
There is nothing to be had at that store.
That store no longer sells cosmetics.
Do they sell bread at that store?
They serve a very good dinner at that restaurant.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
They sell various kinds of goods at that store.
Do they sell notebooks at that store?
I had my camera repaired at that shop.
They short-changed me at that store.
There are some nice apples on sale in that shop.
I wonder if that restaurant accepts unfamiliar customers.
Change buses at that stop.
That interpreter is a master of five languages.
That bird is now in danger of dying out.
That long-haired youth is rude.
Those birds build their nests in the summer and fly to the south in the winter.
Is that long chimney broken?
There is a telephone booth at the corner of the street.
Do those insects sting?
That building whose roof is brown is a church.
That brown one is mine, too.
Keep away from that pond, please.
When the earthquake occurred, I happened to be watching TV.
That landslide produced a lot of misery.
Don't go into that area.
He came on board this company with a lot of fanfare and he turns out to have the skill and talent to live up to it.
Who is that man?
You might as well reason with the wolf as try to persuade that man.
You shouldn't trust the man.
I outwitted him.
Keep watch on that man.
She said that the mere sight of him made her sick.
That man was reduced to begging for money.
He is done for.
He is capable of treachery.
He has an unpleasant look in his eyes.
That man is Perry Mason, the lawyer.
That man is an egotist through and through.
We believe he will succeed, for he has talent.
The man answers to the description in the newspaper.
That man knows how to get on the president's good side.
That man can not so much as write his name.
That man is, so to speak, a grown-up boy.
That man died of lung cancer a week ago.
He often uses the slightest thing as a pretext for a fight with anybody.
He is too ready to speak.
The man is apparently deceiving us.
That man sometimes talks nonsense.
That guy is walking pigeon-toed.
That man is a person who borrows money from many lenders.
Shut that boy up.
That boy takes after his father.
Who is that boy?
He is a most clever boy.
I can't make out what the man is saying.
Don't listen to the man.
The lady that is speaking to that boy is his teacher.
It is no use asking a favor of that man.
What he lacks is courage.
Watch out for that man.
I like that man all the better for his faults.
I cannot abide him.
I do not put my complete confidence in him.
He is not the only pebble on the beach.
Although I was angry at the man for his rudeness, I held my tongue.
If that man makes one more mistake, I'll fire him.
Was that word appropriate in that situation?
We cannot tell how much that great statesman has done for his country.
The tycoon endowed each son with a million dollars.
That university was my first choice.
That university conducts its entrance examinations using a computer scored answer sheet.
That big boy is bullying the little children.
I can't put up with that loud noise.
Look at the monkey on that bough.
Look at that big dog.
Look at that big hammer.
That big one is also mine.
That typhoon prevented me from going out.
I have to tell him off for his bad attitude.
I can not stand that noise.
I can't abide that noise.
I can't endure that noise a moment longer.
Would you be so kind as to shut that window?
Look at that boy running.
Don't use the desk by that window.
Those twins look like two peas in a pod.
Everyone is anxious to know what has become of the former champion.
The contestant made two false starts.
That ship goes abroad from this port.
He was living in England when the war broke out.
I often go fishing in the river.
That river is dangerous to swim in.
I think it's dangerous to swim in that river.
The executive director is a real pushover for looks.
The teacher handles his pupils well.
That fortune-teller is no better than a liar.
That Prof.'s talk is driving me up the wall.
His lectures are terribly boring.
You may ask a question of that teacher.
That teacher tends to be partial to female students.
For him a doctor to get lung cancer from smoking - it's a typical case of 'Do as I say not as I do.'
It is a pity that the teacher is leaving our school.
We all agree in liking the teacher.
Look at that mountain which is covered with snow.
That baby has charming eyes.
That baby is fat and healthy.
I can truly say that baby is ugly.
That baby will have slept five hours by noon.
Look at that red building.
That red tie doesn't go with your suit. Why don't you wear the green one?
That red dress becomes her.
That red sweater looks good on you.
That blue-white shining star is Sirius.
The young man was extremely money hungry.
Please look at the girl who wore the blue clothes.
That blue one is also mine.
That student is Tom.
