Mary won't likely get cold since she's dressed very warmly.
Mary won't ever admit that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary won't do that right away, but she'll do it eventually.
Mary won't be able to do everything you've asked her to do.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom to teach her how to drive.
Mary was the first one who said she didn't want to do that.
Mary was shocked when she heard that Tom had been arrested.
Mary was just as surprised to see us as we were to see her.
Mary was fed up with having to repeat herself all the time.
Mary was drunk and she said some things she shouldn't have.
Mary was certain that she'd recognize Tom when she saw him.
Mary was afraid of what might happen to her and her family.
Tom and Mary both got three weeks' detention.
Both Tom and Mary got three weeks' detention.
Mary was about to say something to Tom when her phone rang.
Mary was able to accomplish everything she'd set out to do.
Mary wanted to explain everything to Tom, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted to do that by herself, but I begged her not to.
Mary wanted to apologize to Tom, but she couldn't find him.
Mary told me that she thought she might be able to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was desperate to do that.
Mary told me that she doesn't like to study in the morning.
Mary told me that she doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that unless I did it with her.
Mary told me she wanted me to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him clean up after the party.
Mary told Tom that she thought he was a pretty good dancer.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't too old for her.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't done doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was through doing that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was in his office.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have anything pressing to do.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't do what he asked her to do.
Mary told Tom that John was gone by the time she got there.
Mary told Tom she usually sat in the back of the classroom.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that if she had some help.
Mary thinks some of her friends may not be able to do that.
Mary still has the car her father gave her three years ago.
Mary speaks French so badly that she's often misunderstood.
Mary shouted as loud as she could, but Tom didn't hear her.
Mary seemed surprised when Tom told her she had to do that.
Mary says you were the one who talked her into coming here.
Mary says that she and Tom didn't stay in Boston very long.
Mary says she hopes Tom will be able to do that by himself.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who he needs to give that to.
Mary says she has something she wants to do this afternoon.
Mary says she has something she needs to do this afternoon.
Mary says she doesn't understand why anybody would do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she'll ever be able to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she has enough time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't really know how to do that very well.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom would do that by himself.
Mary says she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that.
Mary says she can't believe she finally managed to do that.
Mary said that the door was open already when she got here.
Mary said that she was very sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
Mary said that she wants me to help her tomorrow afternoon.
Mary said that she thought it would be possible to do that.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be enough.
Mary said that she and Tom would probably be a little late.
Mary said that isn't the only reason she wanted to do that.
Mary said she'd be able to do that, but she wasn't able to.
Mary said she'd appreciate it if you could do that for her.
Mary said she would've done that if she'd known she had to.
Mary said she wished she hadn't given Tom her phone number.
Mary said she wished she hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Mary said she was willing to do whatever needed to be done.
Mary said she was unable to do everything she wanted to do.
Mary said she was hoping she and Tom could travel together.
Mary said she was determined to find out why that happened.
Mary said she wanted to give Tom another chance to do that.
Mary said she wanted to do that, but she wasn't allowed to.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to get that done today.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't be able to cheer Tom up.
Mary said she thought she might not be required to do that.
Mary said she thought she might need to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought Tom would be the next one to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be the last one to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be awake when she got home.
Mary said she thought Tom was the best singer in her class.
Mary said she thought Tom was having a good time in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to do that sometime today.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to do that before he left.
Mary said she thought Tom might want to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be required to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she thinks her parents are going to get divorced.
Mary said she regretted that she couldn't help Tom do that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't be in the office on Monday.
Mary said she knew she might be permitted to do that today.
Mary said she knew Tom might not need to do that on Monday.
Mary said she knew Tom might not have to do that on Monday.
Mary said she hoped she got home before it started raining.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be able to come to her party.
Mary said she hoped Tom got home before it started raining.
Mary said she had something important to do this afternoon.
Mary said she doesn't want to tell Tom about what happened.
Mary said she doesn't think she'll ever be able to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that with John.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really did that by himself.
Mary said she didn't want me to tell Tom what had happened.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really had to do that today.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom learned how to do that.
Mary said she didn't know how to do that until last summer.
Mary said she didn't know anyone who might want to do that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was going to have to do that.
Mary said she didn't have enough money to buy a motorcycle.
Mary said she couldn't remember where she'd parked the car.
Mary said she couldn't leave without saying goodbye to Tom.
Mary said her parents allow her to do what she wants to do.
Mary said Tom thought she might want to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be required to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might need to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom thought she might have to do that by herself.
Mary said Tom thought she might be allowed to do that soon.
Mary promised Tom that she'd be more careful in the future.
Mary probably just didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary probably just didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom and John don't like her.
Mary probably doesn't know she'll never be able to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know how to explain how she did that.
Mary postponed her party until Tom got out of the hospital.
Mary often asks questions she already knows the answers to.
Mary never forgave herself for hurting Tom the way she did.
Mary needs to talk to someone who's able to understand her.
Mary may not have enough money to buy everything she wants.
Mary may not have enough money to buy everything she needs.
Mary made it very clear that she didn't want to go with us.
Mary looks like a teenager, but she's actually over thirty.
Mary locked herself in her room and wouldn't let anyone in.
Mary knew that she was supposed to be doing something else.
Mary knew that she was going to have a good time in Boston.
Mary knew she was probably not going to be able to do that.
Mary knew she might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary knew Tom wouldn't be able to do that without her help.
Mary just told me that I didn't have to help her on Monday.
Mary isn't worried about what might happen if she did that.
Mary isn't sure whether she made the right decision or not.
Mary isn't doing that because she doesn't think she should.
Mary isn't doing that because she doesn't think she has to.
Mary is too busy worrying about Tom to worry about herself.
Mary is still doing the same thing she was doing yesterday.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she won't do that again.
Mary is probably going to be very tired when she gets home.
Mary is likely going to spend the rest of her life in jail.
Mary is going to tell Tom even though I advised her not to.
Mary is going to talk to Tom about that when she gets here.
Mary hoped the rain would stop before she had to walk home.
Mary has to get out of here while she's still got a chance.
Mary has gotten a lot taller since the last time I saw her.
Mary has done nothing but complain ever since she got here.
Mary has asked Tom not to eat anything in her refrigerator.
Mary had better hurry if she wants to get home before dark.
Mary had a crush on Tom when she was in junior high school.
Mary doesn't want to admit that she has a drinking problem.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be angry even if she did that.
Mary doesn't seem to think she needs to go to the hospital.
Mary doesn't have to do that if she doesn't really want to.
Mary doesn't have the ability to finish the job by herself.
Mary doesn't have enough money to buy everything she needs.
Mary didn't want to tell Tom that she'd lost all her money.
Mary didn't want anyone to know that she'd been dating Tom.
Mary didn't want Tom to see her painting until it was done.
Mary didn't seem very surprised when I told her about that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her Tom wasn't here.
Mary didn't realize she wasn't going to be able to do that.
Mary didn't know what to do with all the money she'd found.
Mary didn't know that Tom was supposed to help her do that.
Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know she shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything she wanted.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything she needed.
Mary didn't even seem to realize she'd hurt Tom's feelings.
Mary didn't decide to become a writer until she was thirty.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who wanted her to do that.
Mary couldn't bring herself to tell Tom about the accident.
Mary could only think of one thing she really wanted to do.
Mary convinced herself that she hadn't done anything wrong.
Mary can swim a lot better than I thought she'd be able to.
Mary can no longer do the things she used to be able to do.
Mary called Tom to apologize to him, but he hung up on her.
Mary became friends with Tom when she was living in Boston.
Mary admitted that she was the one who stole Tom's bicycle.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know where Tom worked.
Many people think Mary is a snob, but I don't think she is.
It's not likely that Mary will ever admit that she's wrong.
If Mary isn't here by 2:30, she probably won't come at all.
I'm pretty sure Mary isn't as stupid as she pretends to be.
I'd like to know why Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
I wonder who'll tell Mary that she shouldn't be doing that.
I wonder whether Mary is really as rich as she says she is.
I wonder if Mary will really be able to do that by herself.
I wish Mary had told me that she wasn't going to the party.
I was surprised when Mary asked me to play tennis with her.
I was afraid Mary might not do what she was supposed to do.
I waited for Mary for three hours, but she never showed up.
I tried to help Mary, but she said she didn't want my help.
I told Mary I wouldn't be able to do that without her help.
I told Mary I wasn't interested in helping her do anything.
I thought Mary would be able to do what we asked her to do.
I thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
I thought Mary could handle the job if I gave her a chance.
I think Mary doesn't live very near the school she goes to.
I think Mary could've done that for Tom if she'd wanted to.
I should've known Mary wouldn't do what we asked her to do.
I should probably tell Mary I want her to help Tom do that.
I offered the job to Mary, but she said she didn't want it.
I lent Mary some money, so she could pay this month's rent.
I know Mary probably didn't do what she was supposed to do.
I know Mary didn't want to do that, but I think she had to.
I just told Mary that she didn't have to help me on Monday.
I doubt that Mary would help, but you should still ask her.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom wants her to buy for him.
I don't know Mary well enough to ask her to do that for me.
I didn't know that Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
I didn't know Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
I didn't know Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
How much did Mary pay you to help her clean out her garage?
How do you know Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do?
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everybody except Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Does Mary still have that red sports car she used to drive?
Do you think Mary would like me to show her how to do that?
Do you think Mary is strong enough to lift that by herself?
Didn't you know that Mary said she wasn't going to do that?
Did you remember to tell Mary what I asked you to tell her?
Did anyone tell Mary what time she was supposed to be here?
You'd do that for Mary if she wanted you to, wouldn't you?
You should probably tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
You didn't tell Mary why I wanted her to do that, did you?
When Mary heard about what happened, she started laughing.
What do you think Mary would say if she knew we were here?
Were you there when Mary told Tom she was going to Boston?
We have to make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
We have to do something to stop Mary from hurting herself.
Tell Mary that I'm not interested in going there with her.
Since Mary is sick, I'm sure she won't be at school today.
Mary's letter didn't say when she'd be arriving in Boston.
Mary's hair started turning gray before she turned thirty.
Mary's family moved around quite a lot when she was a kid.
Mary wouldn't be helping us today if Tom hadn't asked her.
Mary wouldn't be allowed to do that even if she wanted to.
Mary would've never done that if Tom had asked her not to.
Mary would've done that herself if she'd had known how to.
Mary would be very disappointed if she saw you doing that.
Mary wondered if she could find a place to live in Boston.
Mary wished there was something else she could do to help.
Mary will probably tell Tom that she wants him to do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary will hurt herself if she's not a little more careful.
Mary went into the kitchen to help her mother make dinner.
Mary wasn't upset when I told her about what had happened.
Mary wasn't as tall as me last year, but now she's taller.
Mary was surprised that Tom caught more fish than she did.
Mary was lucky that she didn't get hurt more than she did.
Mary wants to know if she can keep that book you sent her.
Mary wanted to walk home, but her mother wouldn't let her.
Mary visits us quite often, but she never stays very long.
Mary used to hang up the laundry, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to go to Boston every summer when she was a kid.
Mary used to do that quite often, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary uncorked a bottle of wine and poured herself a glass.
Mary tried to move the piano by herself, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to do that again, but she still wasn't able to.
Mary told us she'd be waiting in front of the post office.
Mary told me that she wanted me to buy a painting for her.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be home on Monday.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was hesitant to do that.
Mary told me she was very surprised to see Tom doing that.
Mary told me she thought it would be dangerous to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd never really intended to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd finished the work a few days ago.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be able to help him today.
Mary told Tom that she wanted him to babysit her children.
Mary told Tom that she thought he should lose some weight.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wouldn't be back soon.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was disappointed.
Mary told Tom she wanted John to teach him how to do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted John to teach her how to do that.
Mary told Tom everything she knew about what had happened.
Mary thought she'd be able to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary thought she wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
Mary thought she was the only one who knew how to do that.
Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that at night.
Mary thought she might be permitted to do that by herself.
Mary thought it was Tom who had broken into her apartment.
Mary swept the floor with the new broom Tom had given her.
Mary studies French every morning before she goes to work.
Mary still hasn't told me why she doesn't want to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she doesn't need to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she doesn't have to do that.
Mary spoke to the person sitting next to her on the train.
Mary spent a lot of time playing games when she was a kid.
Mary should tell Tom that she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't want to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't need to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't have to do that.
Mary should be able to do that if she puts her mind to it.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her I wanted to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her I needed to do that.
Mary says this will be the last time she tries to do that.
Mary says this will be the last time she tries doing that.
Mary says that she hasn't yet had time to read the report.
Mary says that she has to attend a meeting this afternoon.
Mary says she'll do that, but I wonder if she really will.
Mary says she understands why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Mary says she thinks she'll be able to do that by herself.
Mary says she thinks it'll be impossible to do that today.
Mary says she knows Tom won't be at the meeting on Monday.
Mary says she knows Tom will want to go to Boston with us.
Mary says she intends to play golf with us this afternoon.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't tell her she should do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't tell her she has to do that.
Mary says she has something she needs to discuss with you.
Mary says she forgot to remind Tom that he had to do that.
Mary says she doesn't understand why anyone would do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really plans to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wasn't able to speak French.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to help John do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom needed to help John do that.
Mary says she can't put up with Tom's behavior any longer.
Mary says if she does that, Tom will probably yell at her.
Mary said to tell you she's sorry she can't be here today.
Mary said that she wasn't the only one who had to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't the last one to leave the party.
Mary said that she wasn't certain that Tom had to do that.
Mary said that she was glad that that was going to happen.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom needed to do that.
Mary said that she thought Tom would be afraid to do that.
Mary said that she knows she can't do that as well as Tom.
Mary said that she hated the last song we sang last night.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was really a Canadian.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was in Boston anymore.
Mary said that she and Tom will probably be a little late.
Mary said that isn't the only reason she wants to do that.
Mary said she'll be in the hospital for about three weeks.
Mary said she'd walk the dog this morning, but she didn't.
Mary said she'd stay and help us clean up after the party.
Mary said she'd rather study French with a native speaker.
Mary said she'd likely buy some things at the flea market.
Mary said she'd help me figure out what needed to be done.
Mary said she wished she hadn't had to do that by herself.
Mary said she wished Tom hadn't convinced John to do that.
Mary said she was talking to Tom when the lights went out.
Mary said she understands why Tom may not want to do that.
Mary said she understands why Tom doesn't want to do that.
Mary said she thought the statue weighed about 300 pounds.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought she might not need to do that again.
Mary said she thought she might not have to do that again.
Mary said she thought she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought she might need to do that this week.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that this week.
Mary said she thought Tom was the best player on the team.
Mary said she thought Tom was going to be able to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was difficult to get along with.
Mary said she thought Tom was amused by what was going on.
Mary said she thought Tom might not need to do that again.
Mary said she thought Tom might not have to do that again.
Mary said she thought Tom might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that with John.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that with John.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that on Monday.
Mary said she thought Tom had already finished doing that.
Mary said she thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said she plans to stay with us for a couple of weeks.
Mary said she only eats vegetables that she grows herself.
Mary said she needed the rest of the money that I owe her.
Mary said she needed at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Mary said she knew Tom might not have to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she knew Tom might be required to do that again.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to learn how to do that.
Mary said she had to do some things she didn't want to do.
Mary said she expected Tom to stay in Boston until Monday.
Mary said she doesn't think you can take care of yourself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that by himself.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom needed to do that outside.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom went to kindergarten.
Mary said she didn't want to pay that much for a used car.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really knew how to do that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom wasn't able to speak French.
Mary said she didn't have very much experience doing that.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he shouldn't do that.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he needed to do that.
Mary said her parents let her do whatever she wants to do.
Mary said her parents let her do anything she wants to do.
Mary said doing that was more difficult than she expected.
Mary said Tom would help her, but I didn't think he would.
Mary said Tom thought she might not have to do that today.
Mary said Tom thought she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might be required to do that again.
Mary promised Tom that she'd keep their engagement secret.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't tell John what he had done.
Mary probably thinks that what she's doing is a good idea.
Mary probably doesn't yet know she's got to do that today.
Mary probably doesn't know who she should ask to help her.
Mary poured herself another glass of wine from the bottle.
Mary played the oboe and Tom accompanied her on the piano.
Mary parked her car in the vacant lot next to Tom's house.
Mary parked her car in the driveway just behind Tom's car.
Mary only needed to tell me once what she wanted me to do.
Mary only had a few visitors when she was in the hospital.
Mary noticed that she and Tom were finally alone together.
Mary never would've done what you've accused her of doing.
Mary never would've done that if Tom had asked her not to.
Mary never told me exactly how she and Tom met each other.
Mary needs to make sure that she's ready to leave by 2:30.
Mary needs to make sure that she has everything she needs.
Mary needs to be more careful the next time she does that.
Mary loves the new toy that Tom gave her for her birthday.
Mary looked around to make sure no one was looking at her.
Mary likes Boston better than any other place she's lived.
Mary left three hours ago so she should've arrived by now.
Mary learned how to do that when she was living in Boston.
Mary knew there were plenty of people who agreed with her.
Mary knew that Tom would be drunk by the time he got home.
Mary knew she might not be required to do that by herself.
Mary just told me that she doesn't plan to stay in Boston.
Mary isn't supposed to be eating in the classroom, is she?
Mary isn't as good at speaking French as you think she is.
Mary isn't able to do that alone. You'll have to help her.
Mary is very likely going to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is the one who said she was too busy to help, not me.
Mary is still thinking about whether she should go or not.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom that she can't do that.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary is probably going to finish what she's doing by 2:30.
Mary is likely going to be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary is good at French, but she's a lot better at English.
Mary is going to need at least $300 to buy what she needs.
Mary is going to have a party at her place Monday evening.
Mary hoped she'd have time to eat before she had to leave.
Mary helped herself to another serving of mashed potatoes.
Mary has put on some weight since the last time I saw her.
Mary has been waiting all morning for someone to help her.
Mary has been on vacation with her family for a few weeks.
Mary has already told Tom she doesn't want him to do that.
Mary has already told Tom she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary has a French test tomorrow that she has to study for.
Mary had no choice but to do what the boss told her to do.
Mary had enough sense to not go out by herself after dark.
Mary's knees went weak.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she wanted to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she needed to buy.
Mary had changed so much that I didn't even recognize her.
Mary got to the station too late, so she missed the train.
Mary drove past Tom's house on her way to the supermarket.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be surprised if she did that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she shouldn't do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why people don't like her.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't try to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't try doing that by herself.
Mary doesn't know if Tom will go with her tomorrow or not.
Mary doesn't have to talk about it if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to eat anything she doesn't want to eat.
Mary didn't want to help and Tom couldn't persuade her to.
Mary didn't think she'd ever get used to living in Boston.
Mary didn't tell anyone that she'd seen Tom kissing Alice.
Mary didn't start playing the violin until she was thirty.
Mary didn't seem surprised when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary didn't let on that she knew about the surprise party.
Mary didn't know whether Tom wanted her to do that or not.
Mary didn't have enough space to do what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't do that as much last week as she usually does.
Mary didn't begin to play the guitar until she was thirty.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to babysit her children.
Mary did everything she could to stop Tom from doing that.
Mary did everything she could to keep Tom from doing that.
Mary denied that she was the one who asked Tom to do that.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who asked her to do that.
Mary decided to go back to doing that the way she used to.
Mary couldn't go because she was unable to get permission.
Mary couldn't find a job in Boston, so she came back home.
Mary couldn't decide exactly when she should go to Boston.
Mary couldn't accomplish everything she'd hoped she could.
Mary could've been in Boston by now if she'd wanted to be.
Mary can't help move the piano because she has a bad back.
Mary can take her time. Tell her there's no need to hurry.
Mary came to Boston for the first time when she was three.
Mary ate the chocolate chip cookies that Tom made for her.
Mary asked Tom to teach her some useful phrases in French.
Mary apologized for not doing what she was supposed to do.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know where Tom lived.
Let's tell Mary that we won't do that unless she helps us.
It's too bad that Mary didn't ask Tom to help her do that.
If you ask Mary to lend you some money, she probably will.
If Mary was planning not to be here, she would've told me.
If Mary didn't think we needed help, she wouldn't be here.
If Mary could've spoken French, she would've had more fun.
I'm the one who told Mary that she needed to study French.
I'm looking for Mary. You don't know where she is, do you?
I'm going over to Mary's to help her clean out her garage.
I'm going over to Mary's house now to tell her about that.
I'm glad you got a chance to talk to Mary before she left.
I'll try to find out why Mary did that the way she did it.
I wish Mary would eat what I give her without complaining.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I was surprised when Mary said she wasn't very happy here.
I told Mary some things about Boston that she didn't know.
I think we should tell Mary that she needs to work harder.
I should've told Mary that she wasn't supposed to do that.
I should've listened to Mary when she warned me about you.
I don't think Mary would be here if she didn't want to be.
I don't think Mary would be here if she didn't need to be.
I don't think Mary would be here if she didn't have to be.
I don't think Mary knows she's not supposed to park there.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she should be doing.
I didn't know why Mary wouldn't do what I asked her to do.
I can't wait for Mary to come home so I can show her this.
I asked Mary why she didn't want to go to the zoo with us.
Have you ever asked Mary why she doesn't enjoy doing that?
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everyone except Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Even though Mary is old, she can still do that quite well.
Even though I told Mary she needed to do that, she didn't.
Do you think Mary would've done that if we'd asked her to?
Did Mary tell you about what she and Tom did last weekend?
Did Mary say she thought it would be difficult to do that?
Did Mary ever talk to you about what she did in Australia?
Ask Mary if she plans to be at the meeting this afternoon.
You told Mary I thought she couldn't do that, didn't you?
You should tell Mary that she has nothing to worry about.
You don't have to like Mary. You just have work with her.
Would you like me to ask Mary why she doesn't want to go?
Would Mary care if we started eating before she got here?
Will you please tell Mary she has nothing to worry about?
Why don't you call Mary and tell her what the problem is?
Why didn't you tell Mary that she didn't need to do that?
Why didn't you tell Mary that she didn't have to do that?
Why didn't Mary tell us that she didn't know how to swim?
Who told you Mary wouldn't be able to do that by herself?
Who did Mary think was going to drive her to the airport?
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a hospital gown.
The last time I saw Mary she was headed toward the beach.
The kidnappers gagged Mary and locked her up in a closet.
The doctor told Mary that she needed to lose some weight.
Since Mary isn't feeling well, she won't do that with us.
Please try to find out why Mary did that the way she did.
Please tell Mary she needs to do that sometime this week.
Not only does Mary speak French, she also speaks English.
Maybe you should let Mary go to Boston like she wants to.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to park there.
Mary's doctor advised her to take better care of herself.
Mary wouldn't be happy if we made her do that, would she?
Mary would've never done that if Tom hadn't asked her to.
Mary would tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't she?
Mary wondered what was in the box that Tom had given her.
Mary won't likely tell Tom that she wants him to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary won't be able to do anything you've asked her to do.
Mary woke up when she heard someone knocking on the door.
Mary wishes she could speak French like a native speaker.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom to learn how to do that.
Mary will probably get injured if she does that that way.
Mary will need at least $300 to buy everything she needs.
Mary will likely be very grateful if you do that for her.
Mary wasn't very good at doing that when she was younger.
Mary wasn't the first one who said she'd like to do that.
Mary wasn't the first one who said she wanted to do that.
Mary was worried about what might happen if she did that.
Mary was supposed to call Tom last night, but she forgot.
Mary was sitting by herself on the porch, reading a book.
Mary was sick, so she couldn't come to my birthday party.
Mary was shorter than me last year, but now she's taller.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she wouldn't do that.
Mary was heading out of town when I saw her this morning.
Mary was fired because she often showed up late for work.
Mary was angry because I didn't help her paint the fence.
Mary was about to say something, but she stopped herself.
Mary was able to do that better than I thought she would.
Mary wants to find an apartment close to where she works.
Mary walks her dog every morning before she goes to work.
Mary used the money Tom gave her to buy something to eat.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary tried to do that by herself, but she wasn't able to.
Mary took the key out of her pocket and handed it to Tom.
Mary took the bottle from Tom and poured herself a drink.
Mary told the waiter that she'd rather sit by the window.
Mary told the cab driver to take her to the Hilton Hotel.
Mary told me that she's glad that that's going to happen.
Mary told me that she's faster at doing that than Tom is.
Mary told me that she's better at doing that than Tom is.
Mary told me that she'll do that the way Tom told her to.
Mary told me that she'd be gone by the time we got there.
Mary told me that she was quicker at doing that than Tom.
Mary told me that she thought you could probably do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was through doing that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been irresponsible.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been disrespectful.
Mary told me that she thought Tom could probably do that.
Mary told me she's been living in Boston for three years.
Mary told me she was planning to go to college in Boston.
Mary told me she was planning to go to Boston in October.
Mary told me she wanted to wait until October to do that.
Mary told me she thought she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary told me she thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary told me she had a trombone she wasn't using anymore.
Mary told me she didn't need to use a wheelchair anymore.
Mary told me she didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary told everybody at work that she was going to retire.
Mary told everybody at work that she was getting married.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be able to do that today.
Mary told Tom that she was glad that he'd come to Boston.
She looked at him with starry eyes.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't in his office.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was engaged to Alice.
Mary told Tom that she thought John could likely do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was retired yet.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was in his room.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was embarrassed.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think Alice was attractive.
Mary told Tom that he's faster at doing that than she is.
Mary told Tom she didn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
Mary told Tom he didn't want to eat spaghetti for dinner.
Mary thought that she should go to Boston to be with Tom.
Mary thought she might be required to do that by herself.
Mary thinks some of her friends might be able to do that.
Mary tends to get angry when people don't agree with her.
Mary swore she wouldn't tell Tom about what had happened.
Mary still hasn't told me why she's not going to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she isn't going to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she didn't want to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she didn't need to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she didn't have to do that.
Mary spent a few years in Boston when she was in college.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom about the job she's been offered.
Mary should've been glad that she didn't have to do that.
Mary should've been able to do that with her eyes closed.
Mary should tell Tom she'd never do anything to hurt him.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's not going to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she isn't going to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom that she can't do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she's going to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary seemed to be unaware that Tom didn't want her there.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her where Tom had gone.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her she had to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom had to do that.
Mary says that she's willing to help us paint our garage.
Mary says that she'll study French with Tom this evening.
Mary says she wants to do the same thing I did in Boston.
Mary says she wants to become a simultaneous interpreter.
Mary says she thought she could do that without any help.
Mary says she thinks Tom ate dinner with John last night.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to help her do that.
Mary says she knows Tom won't have to do that by himself.
Mary says she knows Tom could do that if he tried harder.
Mary says she hopes Tom will be able to do that tomorrow.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who to give the package to.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he doesn't need to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he doesn't have to do that.
Mary says she has something she has to do this afternoon.
Mary says she expects Tom to stay in Boston until Monday.
Mary says she doesn't think it'll be possible to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really needed to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really enjoys doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know who Tom wants to do that with.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom is planning to stay.
Mary says she doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe you really want to do that.
Mary says she believes she can do that without your help.
Mary says everyone she knows can take care of themselves.
Mary said we could go to Boston with her if we wanted to.
Mary said there wasn't anything she could do to help Tom.
Mary said the beach was nicer than she expected it to be.
Mary said that was the first time she'd tried to do that.
Mary said that was the first time she'd tried doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't very sorry for what she'd done.
Mary said that she wasn't certain that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she wasn't certain that Tom could do that.
Mary said that she was very glad that she didn't do that.
Mary said that she was very glad that Tom didn't do that.
Mary said that she was responsible for what had happened.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said that she thought she smelled something burning.
Mary said that she thought doing that would be dangerous.
Mary said that she thought Tom was just about to do that.
Mary said that she didn't want to see or speak to anyone.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be safe.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be hard.
Mary said that she didn't think doing that would be easy.
Mary said she's very hungry every day when she gets home.
Mary said she'll probably go shopping with Tom on Monday.
Mary said she'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Mary said she'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
Mary said she'd talk to Tom about what needed to be done.
Mary said she'd rather not spend so much time doing that.
Mary said she'd likely buy some stuff at the flea market.
Mary said she'd had nothing to do with what had happened.
Mary said she wouldn't have enough time to do that today.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to do that in three hours.
Mary said she wished she hadn't permitted Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't convinced Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't been late to Tom's party.
Mary said she wished she could figure out how to do that.
Mary said she wished Tom hadn't convinced her to do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to go shopping this afternoon.
Mary said she was very concerned about what might happen.
Mary said she was hoping she and Tom could sing together.
Mary said she was going to be in Boston for another week.
Mary said she was able to do everything she wanted to do.
Mary said she was able to do everything she needed to do.
Mary said she usually goes to Boston three times a month.
Mary said she thought that Tom wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that on Monday.
Mary said she thought she might not have to do that here.
Mary said she thought she knew the cause of the accident.
Mary said she thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Mary said she thought Tom would unlikely want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be upset if she did that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't good at speaking French.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't finished doing that yet.
Mary said she thought Tom was in his room reading a book.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that for John.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that for John.
Mary said she thought I might not be required to do that.
Mary said she thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
Mary said she shouldn't have tried doing that by herself.
Mary said she sees Tom waiting for the bus every morning.
Mary said she knew she might not need to do that anymore.
Mary said she knew she might not have to do that anymore.
Mary said she knew she might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said she knew she might be required to do that soon.
Mary said she knew she might be allowed to do that today.
Mary said she knew Tom might not want to do that anymore.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said she has something she had to do this afternoon.
Mary said she had some personal problems to take care of.
Mary said she doesn't understand why you want to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really needed to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really enjoys doing that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't have many opportunities to do that.
Mary said she didn't think you should ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she didn't think she'd ever be able to do that.
Mary said she didn't think she had any chance of winning.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom needed to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't remember where she'd parked the car.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom didn't want to do that.
Mary said she could do that, but in reality she couldn't.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he ought to do that.
Mary said her parents allow her to do whatever she wants.
Mary said her parents allow her to do anything she wants.
Mary said Tom probably couldn't do that without her help.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be permitted to do that.
Mary said I looked thinner than the last time she saw me.
Mary realized there was nothing she could do to help Tom.
Mary realized that she wasn't the same as the other kids.
Mary realized that she wasn't as smart as the other kids.
Mary put everything Tom had given her in her desk drawer.
Mary promised me that she'd do that before she went home.
Mary probably doesn't know what Tom would like her to do.
Mary probably doesn't know what Tom thinks she should do.
Mary probably doesn't know she's not supposed to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
Mary pretended to be angry even though she really wasn't.
Mary pretended that she didn't hear Tom calling her name.
Mary pretended not to notice that Tom was looking at her.
Mary often sleeps on the train on her way home from work.
Mary offered me a beer, but I told her I didn't want one.
Mary never would've done that if Tom hadn't asked her to.
Mary never told Tom where she hid the money she'd stolen.
Mary never does anything for anybody, except for herself.
Mary needs to study more if she hopes to pass this class.
Mary might've been there yesterday, but I didn't see her.
Mary might be able to do better if we gave her more time.
Mary may not want to sing, but you should ask her anyway.
Mary may do whatever she likes with the money I gave her.
Mary looked both ways before she crossed the busy street.
Mary learned from her parents that she shouldn't do that.
Mary knows there are plenty of people who agree with her.
Mary knew that she couldn't do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary knew she might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary knew it was too late to call, but she called anyway.
Mary knew it was foolish to go out by herself after dark.
Mary isn't as interested in doing that as she used to be.
Mary is still mad at us for not doing what she requested.
Mary is so gullible she'll believe anything you tell her.
Mary is rich enough to buy just about anything she wants.
Mary is hoping she can go to Boston with Tom next summer.
Mary is having an allergic reaction to something she ate.
Mary is going to get herself killed if she's not careful.
Mary introduced herself to the people behind the counter.
Mary hopes Tom can come over to her house this afternoon.
Mary hoped Tom would be well enough to come to her party.
Mary has willingly done everything we've asked her to do.
Mary has until Monday to finish the report she's writing.
Mary has to finish what she's doing before she can leave.
Mary has made up her mind to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary has enough money to buy everything she really wants.
Mary has enough money to buy everything she really needs.
Mary has been living by herself for the past three years.
Mary has been living by herself for the last three years.
Mary has already told me she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary has already finished the work that she needed to do.
Mary had a hard time making herself understood in French.
Mary enjoys swimming almost as much as she enjoys skiing.
Mary drank three cups of coffee before she left for work.
Mary doesn't think she'll have the time to do that today.
Mary doesn't think Tom would be mad even if she did that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she ought to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't know why her boss wants her to go to Boston.
Mary doesn't know who's living in the house next to hers.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask to help her do that.
Mary doesn't know what happened because she wasn't there.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to help Tom do that.
Mary doesn't have to wash the car if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to say anything if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have any idea when Tom wants her to do that.
Mary doesn't have any friends who're willing to help her.
Mary doesn't have any friends she can talk to about this.
Mary didn't want to admit she didn't know how to do that.
Mary didn't understand exactly what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary didn't tell you about what happened to Tom, did she?
Mary didn't tell me why she was planning to go to Boston.
Mary didn't tell anyone that she'd dropped out of school.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary didn't start to play the piano until she was thirty.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she needed to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be convinced that she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her what I'd done.
Mary didn't know where Tom wanted her to plant the roses.
Mary didn't know what to say, so she didn't say anything.
Mary didn't know that I was supposed to help her do that.
Mary didn't know how much money she should take with her.
Mary didn't have enough time to do what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't have enough time to do what she needed to do.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she had to buy.
Mary didn't have any money, so she couldn't buy any food.
Mary didn't have any money, so she couldn't buy a ticket.
Mary didn't care who helped her, as long as somebody did.
Mary didn't believe me when I told her what Tom had done.
Mary did say that, but I don't think she really meant it.
Mary did everything she thought Tom would want her to do.
Mary denied that she was the one who told Tom to do that.
Mary denied that Tom was the one who told her to do that.
Mary decided it was up to her to make the final decision.
Mary crawled into bed and pulled the covers over herself.
Mary couldn't eat anything, but she drank a little water.
Mary couldn't count to ten until she was three years old.
Mary could've been suspicious, but she didn't seem to be.
Mary could've been frightened, but she didn't seem to be.
Mary could refuse to do that, but I don't think she will.
Mary could force you to do that, but I doubt if she will.
Mary continues to deny that she was the one who did that.
Mary complained that she didn't have enough time to read.
Mary can't quite bring herself to tell Tom she loves him.
Mary can't do that by himself. Could you please help her?
Mary can read some French, but she can't speak it at all.
Mary burned all the pictures she had of her ex-boyfriend.
Mary bought everything she needed in just thirty minutes.
Mary asked me to stay with her until her father got home.
Mary asked Tom to remind her to call John in the morning.
Mary admitted to Tom that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary admitted that that was the real reason she did that.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know how to do that.
Mary admitted that she couldn't really understand French.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her money, but he denied it.
It's hard to believe Mary would do what you said she did.
It wasn't Mary. It was just someone that looked like her.
It looks like Mary doesn't think she has a chance to win.
If Mary isn't careful, she's going to get herself killed.
If Mary had had something to throw, she'd have thrown it.
If Mary ate more vegetables, she'd probably be healthier.
If I see Mary, I'll tell her that you're looking for her.
I've been trying to figure out how Mary did what she did.
I'm sure that Mary appreciates everything you do for her.
I'm sure Mary appreciates everything you've done for her.
I'm pretty sure that Mary believed everything I told her.
I'm going to make sure Mary does what you told her to do.
I'll see to it that Mary does what you've told her to do.
I wonder why Mary pretended she didn't understand French.
I wonder whether Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I wonder if we forgot to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I wish Mary would hurry up and do what she said she'd do.
I wish I hadn't told Mary that I'd go to Boston with her.
I wasn't the one who told Mary that she couldn't be here.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she had to do that.
I want to make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she never showed up.
I told Mary I wouldn't do that unless she did it with me.
I think you should let Mary know that you don't like her.
I think Mary probably isn't as young as you think she is.
I think Mary might've taken something she shouldn't have.
I think Mary lived in Boston when she was in high school.
I think Mary knows she's supposed to give a speech today.
I think Mary doesn't win very often when she plays chess.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she needed to do that.
I should've told Mary why she wasn't supposed to do that.
I should've told Mary that she needed to be more careful.
I really like Mary, but I'm not sure I want to marry her.
I hope Mary tells Tom that she can't really speak French.
I have a feeling Mary won't do what she's promised to do.
I ended up telling Mary what you told me not to tell her.
I ended up telling Mary what Tom told me not to tell her.
I didn't realize that Mary wanted me to do that with her.
I didn't know Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
I didn't know Mary shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
I asked Mary what had happened, but she wouldn't tell me.
I asked Mary some questions and she answered all of them.
How did Mary talk Tom into helping her with her homework?
Have you ever asked Mary why she doesn't like doing that?
Everybody except Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Even though Mary studied very hard, she failed the class.
Don't you think we should let Mary do whatever she wants?
Does Mary still do the same kind of stuff she used to do?
Does Mary really win every time she plays chess with Tom?
Did you ever ask Mary how much she was paid for that job?
Can Mary really speak French as well as she says she can?
Ask Mary whether she's going to eat lunch with us or not.
Are you suggesting that Mary can't do the job by herself?
All Mary told me was that she wouldn't be at the meeting.
You think Mary could've done that on her own, don't you?
You should tell Mary that Tom has been asking about her.
You should probably tell Mary when she needs to be here.
You should probably tell Mary that she needs to do that.
You knew Mary told Tom she couldn't do that, didn't you?
You didn't think Mary could do that by herself, did you?
You didn't know Mary had to do that by herself, did you?
You can't keep Mary from doing whatever she wants to do.
Yesterday, Mary told me that she'd never been to Boston.
Wouldn't it be better if Mary didn't do that by herself?
Would you tell Mary what she did that made you so angry?
Who did Mary think was going to meet her at the airport?
When was the last time you told Mary that you loved her?
When Mary told Tom that she'd kissed John, he got upset.
Were you with Mary when she slipped and fell on the ice?
There's no way Mary could've done what you said she did.
One of Mary's students gave her an interesting painting.
My guess is that Mary won't do what you asked her to do.
Mary's very proud of what she's been able to accomplish.
Mary's parents allow her to do whatever she wants to do.
Mary's parents allow her to do anything she wants to do.
Mary's garage is filled with things that she never uses.
Mary wouldn't have gone to Boston if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't asked her to.
Mary wouldn't be doing that today if she didn't have to.
Mary would probably go hiking with us if we invited her.
Mary would probably do that for you if you asked her to.
Mary would do anything to get what she thinks she needs.
Mary would be able to do that if she put her mind to it.
Mary would be a better teacher if she were more patient.
Mary worries too much about what people think about her.
Mary wondered why none of her friends wanted to do that.
Mary wondered if Tom would like the gift she bought him.
Mary wondered if Tom loved her as much as she loved him.
Mary wondered if Tom liked her as much as she liked him.
Mary won't likely be as busy today as she was yesterday.
Mary won't likely be as angry at Tom as she was at John.
Mary won't be able to finish the job unless we help her.
Mary won't be able to do everything Tom asked her to do.
Mary won't be able to buy everything she needs for $300.
Mary wished that she had been the one who had done that.
Mary will probably be able to do that faster on her own.
Mary will probably be able to do that faster by herself.
Mary will likely spend the rest of her life behind bars.
Mary will be really tired when she gets home, won't she?
Mary will be able to do that if she puts her mind to it.
Mary went into the room and slammed the door behind her.
Mary watched Tom drive away and then got in her own car.
Mary wasn't wearing her uniform the last time I saw her.
Mary wasn't wearing a straw hat the last time I saw her.
Mary wasn't supposed to be at school today, but she was.
Mary wasn't at home when I went to visit her last night.
Mary wasn't able to help us today, because she was busy.
Mary was unable to get Tom to understand what she meant.
Mary was supposed to be at school today, but she wasn't.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she'd already eaten.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she didn't love him.
Mary was disappointed that Tom didn't come to her party.
Mary was afraid that she wouldn't get to school on time.
Mary wants us to know that she was the one who did that.
Mary wanted to kiss Tom goodbye, but knew she shouldn't.
Mary wanted Tom to stay where he was until she got back.
Mary walked into the kitchen to get herself some coffee.
Mary usually wears sunglasses whenever she goes outside.
Mary used to do that a lot, but she seldom does anymore.
Mary unfolded the blanket and wrapped it around herself.
Mary turned around to see what was happening behind her.
Mary told me that you were with her yesterday afternoon.
Mary told me that she wouldn't be able to do that today.
Mary told me that she was the one who needed to do that.
Mary told me that she thought my speech was interesting.
Mary told me that she thought I should lose some weight.
Mary told me that she intended to go to Boston with Tom.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what she needs to do.
Mary told me that she and Tom were going to get married.
Mary told me she wanted to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Mary told me she needed to borrow three hundred dollars.
Mary told me last month that she was planning to retire.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was too old for her.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was in the basement.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was being sarcastic.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was suspicious.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was interested.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was downstairs.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was doing that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was dependable.
Mary told Tom she'd stay where she was and wait for him.
Mary told Tom she wanted him to stay in Boston with her.
Mary told Tom she wanted John to teach her how to drive.
Mary told Tom she thought they should get back together.
Mary thought she wouldn't be able to do that by herself.
Mary thought she was the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary thought she was the only one who needed to do that.
Mary thought she probably shouldn't go there by herself.
Mary thought she might not be required to do that again.
Mary thought she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary still doesn't understand what she's supposed to do.
Mary still doesn't know who's going to help her do that.
Mary stayed in bed because she wasn't feeling very well.
Mary started taking piano lessons when she was thirteen.
Mary started laughing when I told her what Tom had done.
Mary shouted as loud as she could, but nobody heard her.
Mary should probably tell Tom she won't do that anymore.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she's going to Boston.
Mary seems a lot happier now that she's found a new job.
Mary seemed to understand why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her what had happened.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her what Tom had done.
Mary says this will be the last time she ever does this.
Mary says this will be the last time she ever does that.
Mary says this is the first time she's tried to do that.
Mary says this is the first time she's tried doing that.
Mary says there was no reason why she shouldn't do that.
Mary says she'll do that regardless of the consequences.
Mary says she thinks it might be interesting to do that.
Mary says she needs to find someone to help her do that.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to do that for her.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to do that for Tom.
Mary says she knows Tom will have to do that on his own.
Mary says she knows Tom will eventually want to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't say he wants to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't say he needs to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really needs to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom ought to have done that.
Mary says she doesn't really know how to swim very well.
Mary says she doesn't ever win when she plays badminton.
Mary says she doesn't care whether Tom does that or not.
Mary says birds wake her up every morning in the summer.
Mary said there wasn't anything she could do about that.
Mary said that the box was too heavy to lift by herself.
Mary said that she wasn't very interested in doing that.
Mary said that she was very sure that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she was very glad that we could be there.
Mary said that she was going to go camping next weekend.
Mary said that she wanted to forget about what happened.
Mary said that she might want to try doing that someday.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom liked her very much.
Mary said that she didn't really like working in Boston.
Mary said that her doctor told her not to smoke anymore.
Mary said that Tom wanted to borrow some money from her.
Mary said she's glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Mary said she'd probably go shopping with Tom on Monday.
Mary said she'd probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Mary said she'd love to go to Boston with us in October.
Mary said she'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she wouldn't dream of allowing Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't gone to Boston with Tom.
Mary said she wasn't going to get here until after 2:30.
Mary said she wasn't going to get here until about 2:30.
Mary said she was too out of shape to go hiking with us.
Mary said she was pretty sure that you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she was looking forward to coming to visit us.
Mary said she was looking for someone who speaks French.
Mary said she understood why Tom didn't want to do that.
Mary said she tried to do that the day before yesterday.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help Tom do that.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to find another job.
Mary said she thought she might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she thought she heard voices in the next room.
Mary said she thought it would be impossible to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be reluctant to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be motivated to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be desperate to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be bored if we did that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't through doing that yet.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to be here today.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to be doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she thought I might want to do that by myself.
Mary said she thought I might not need to do that today.
Mary said she thought I might not have to do that today.
Mary said she thought I might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought I might need to do that this week.
Mary said she thought I might need to do that by myself.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that this week.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that by myself.
Mary said she knew that Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she knew she might not be required to do that.
Mary said she knew she might need to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew she might have to do that by herself.
Mary said she knew Tom was having a good time in Boston.
Mary said she knew Tom might want to do that by himself.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be required to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might need to do that by himself.
Mary said she knew Tom might have to do that by himself.
Mary said she hopes Tom will help her with her homework.
Mary said she hoped she could figure out how to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think it would be wise to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really wants to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really needs to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to have done that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to do that inside.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom bought his bicycle.
Mary said she doesn't have a problem with me doing that.
Mary said she didn't want to stay at an expensive hotel.
Mary said she didn't want to pay so much for a used car.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom with his homework.
Mary said she didn't want to do that without Tom's help.
Mary said she didn't understand what Tom said in French.
Mary said she didn't think doing that would be much fun.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would do that on purpose.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really wanted to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really needed to do that.
Mary said she didn't really expect anybody to volunteer.
Mary said she didn't really care whether she won or not.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary said she didn't know where she should park her car.
Mary said she didn't know anyone who could speak French.
Mary said it was her who should show Tom how to do that.
Mary said it was Tom who told her she shouldn't do that.
Mary said it was Tom who told her she needed to do that.
Mary said Tom wasn't at home when she went to visit him.
Mary said Tom thought she might be permitted to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be required to do that.
Mary refused to do anything her parents asked her to do.
Mary realized she shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Mary probably doesn't yet know she has to do that today.
Mary probably doesn't know that Tom thinks she's stupid.
Mary probably doesn't know exactly what she ought to do.
Mary probably doesn't know exactly what she needs to do.
Mary often refuses to eat what her mother makes for her.
Mary now knows that she's been doing that the wrong way.
Mary needed to go back to her house to get her passport.
Mary might have some problems we can help her deal with.
Mary made it clear that she didn't plan to go to Boston.
Mary lives all by herself in a small cabin in the woods.
Mary lived in Boston for three years when she was a kid.
Mary left her apartment earlier this morning than usual.
Mary knew that she couldn't speak French as well as Tom.
Mary knew Tom was going to be mad at her for doing that.
Mary just got that big promotion she's been waiting for.
Mary is worried about what might happen if she did that.
Mary is trying to persuade Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary is trying to figure out how she can make Tom happy.
Mary is still the best student in your class, isn't she?
Mary is still not doing what she's supposed to be doing.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she'll never do that.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary is probably going to get punished if she does that.
Mary is probably going to get arrested if she does that.
Mary is probably going to be starved when she gets home.
Mary is going to pay me back what she owes me on Monday.
Mary is better at speaking French than you think she is.
Mary is afraid that someone might kill her in her sleep.
Mary is a better chess player than I expected her to be.
Mary invited us to have dinner with her and her husband.
Mary hummed a tune to herself as she did the washing up.
Mary hopes she can to stay in Boston until next October.
Mary hasn't lived in Boston as long as she says she has.
Mary hasn't changed a bit since the last time I saw her.
Mary has promised to do that today before she goes home.
Mary has no friends who are willing to help her do that.
Mary has no close friends to help her with her problems.
Mary has no choice but to do what she's been told to do.
Mary has invited me to come and stay with her in Boston.
Mary has finally finished doing what we asked her to do.
Mary has finally done what she said she was going to do.
Mary has been trying to figure out what she needs to do.
Mary has been talking to Tom about what she plans to do.
Mary had plenty of chances to apologize, but she didn't.
Mary had no choice but to do what she'd been told to do.
Mary gave me her notebook with all her favorite recipes.
Mary finally talked Tom into selling her his old violin.
Mary finally graduated from college when she was thirty.
Mary finally got a driver's license when she was thirty.
Mary enjoys watching people do things that she can't do.
Mary doesn't think Tom will be awake when she gets home.
Mary doesn't speak French as well as she speaks English.
Mary doesn't seem to appreciate what we've done for her.
Mary doesn't remember doing what everybody says she did.
Mary doesn't like it when she doesn't have enough money.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her at his party.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that anymore.
Mary doesn't know she'll never be able to do that again.
Mary doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to do.
Mary doesn't have a pet now, but she used to have a dog.
Mary doesn't go to the movies as often as she'd like to.
Mary doesn't go fishing much now, but she used to a lot.
Mary didn't want to look, but she couldn't help herself.
Mary didn't speak French as well as I thought she could.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she ought to do that.
Mary didn't seem to care that nobody seemed to like her.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't realize she shouldn't have tried doing that.
Mary didn't know what time she was supposed to be there.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough time to do that.
Mary didn't get a driver's license until she was thirty.
Mary didn't feel very well, but she went to work anyway.
Mary didn't even look at the report that Tom handed her.
Mary couldn't possibly have opened that door by herself.
Mary couldn't help noticing that Tom was staring at her.
Mary couldn't go to the concert because she had to work.
Mary couldn't fall asleep so she got up and took a walk.
Mary could possibly be lonely, but I don't think she is.
Mary can't remember exactly what she was supposed to do.
Mary called to tell me she'd been in a traffic accident.
Mary called me almost every day while she was in Boston.
Mary called Tom and asked him to come over to her house.
Mary bent down and picked up the pen that she'd dropped.
Mary asked whose coat it was and I told her it was mine.
Mary asked me to tell you she needed a little more time.
Mary asked Tom where he lived, but he wouldn't tell her.
Mary apparently lived in Boston when she was in college.
Mary always carries a camera with her wherever she goes.
Mary almost always does what she says she's going to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what we had asked her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom said she had to do.
Let's see what happens if we let Mary do what she wants.
It would've been nice if Mary had told us she'd be late.
It certainly doesn't look like Mary is enjoying herself.
If Mary had been here today, I'd probably have seen her.
If Mary finds out I told you this, she'll be very angry.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't be here if she didn't have to be.
I'm fairly sure Mary didn't know Tom was older than her.
I wonder why Mary didn't do that the way I asked her to.
I wonder whether Mary really thought she had to do that.
I wonder whether Mary really knew she needed to do that.
I wonder if Mary's parents will allow her to go with us.
I wonder if Mary really did what she was supposed to do.
I wonder if Mary really did that when she was in Boston.
I wonder if I forgot to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Mary I'd go to Boston with her.
I was happy to be able to help Mary buy what she needed.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she didn't show up.
I told Mary that I wasn't interested in working for her.
I told Mary that I thought she might be able to do that.
I told Mary that I didn't want to go to Boston with her.
I thought Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
I think it's unlikely Mary will invite Tom to her party.
I think it's about time we told Mary that she's adopted.
I think Mary probably isn't as rich as you think she is.
I think Mary might've said something she shouldn't have.
I swore I'd never kiss Mary, but I ended up kissing her.
I should've phoned Mary before I went over to visit her.
I offered Mary the job, but she said she didn't want it.
I offered Mary a beer, but she said she didn't want one.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she needed to do that.
I knew Mary wouldn't go there if you didn't go with her.
I knew Mary wouldn't do that unless you did it with her.
I heard Mary humming to herself while she washed dishes.
I haven't talked to Mary since she and Tom got divorced.
I first met Mary right after she moved here from Boston.
I feel sorry for Mary because she always has to do that.
I doubt if Mary would do that if she were in your shoes.
I don't think that we should leave Mary here by herself.
I don't think Mary would've tried to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary would've tried doing that by herself.
I don't think Mary was expecting you to do that for her.
I don't think Mary was expecting Tom to do that for her.
I don't think Mary knows whether she can do that or not.
I don't think Mary knows what she's gotten herself into.
I don't think Mary knows that she's supposed to do that.
I don't think Mary knows how she's going to do that yet.
I don't know why Mary wants me to go to Boston with her.
I didn't think Mary would be able to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary really needed to do that by herself.
I didn't realize that Mary wanted me to do that for her.
I didn't have Mary's phone number, so I didn't call her.
I asked Mary whether she wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Mary where she and Tom had first met each other.
Everyone except Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everybody but Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Even if Mary had wanted to, she wouldn't have done that.
Does Mary really think she can do that without any help?
Does Mary really think she can convince Tom to help her?
Do you think Mary would've wanted us to do that for her?
Do you know why Mary doesn't want me to sit next to her?
Did you know that Mary was kidnapped when she was three?
Did you know that Mary said she wasn't going to do that?
Did Mary happen to tell you how she plans on doing that?
As soon as Mary has finished doing that, she'll go home.
You'll help Mary do that if she asks you to, won't you?
You don't really think Mary would kill herself, do you?
You don't really think Mary would hurt herself, do you?
Would you please tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Why is Mary singing that song we asked her not to sing?
Why don't you call Mary and tell her that you miss her?
Why did Mary agree to do that if she knew she couldn't?
When do you think Mary is going to want us to help her?
When I first met Mary, I didn't know that she was rich.
What would've happened to Mary if she hadn't done that?
What Mary really needs now is a little time by herself.
We should ask Mary what she thinks about the situation.
There's no way Mary would've done what you say she did.
The first time Mary did that was when she was thirteen.
Tell Mary I want to see her first thing in the morning.
Please tell Mary she has to do that sometime this week.
Most of Mary's friends know that she's in the hospital.
Mary's mother told her not to talk with her mouth full.
Mary's doctor told her she needed to get more exercise.
Mary wrote to Tom to tell him what had happened to her.
Mary wouldn't have done that if we hadn't asked her to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't told her to.
Mary would've done that for Tom if she'd had more time.
Mary would've called Tom if she'd had his phone number.
Mary would've been late if Tom hadn't given her a ride.
Mary would be very disappointed if she saw you do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't want to do that.
Mary won't likely forget to tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary won't be able to buy what she needs at this store.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as Tom does.
Mary wished she could tell Tom about what had happened.
Mary wished she could play the mandolin as well as Tom.
Mary wiped her face with the towel that Tom handed her.
Mary will probably tell Tom she wants him to help John.
Mary will have to do that, whether she likes it or not.
Mary will have to ask Tom to do that for us, won't she?
Mary will get herself killed if she's not more careful.
Mary will be mad at Tom when she finds out what he did.
Mary wasn't supposed to help us yesterday, but she did.
Mary wasn't certain whether or not she should tell Tom.
Mary wasn't able to do anything she was supposed to do.
Mary was upset when I told her about what had happened.
Mary was thinking about telling Tom that she loved him.
Mary was surprised to see Tom when she opened the door.
Mary was so angry at Tom she couldn't even look at him.
Mary was smart enough not to try doing that by herself.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she didn't do that.
Mary wants me to give her some advice on buying stocks.
Mary took something from her pocket and gave it to Tom.
Mary told the waiter that she wanted sit by the window.
Mary told me that she's quicker at doing that than Tom.
Mary told me that she's not certain what she should do.
Mary told me that she thought Tom wouldn't eat dessert.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be sympathetic.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be cooperative.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was engaged to Alice.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was back from Boston.
Mary told me that she had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
Mary told me that she had a dream about Tom last night.
Mary told me that she doesn't really care what happens.
Mary told me she wasn't going to be at school tomorrow.
Mary told me she was going to help me with my homework.
Mary told me she was going to be busy all day tomorrow.
Mary told me she slept for only three hours last night.
Mary told me she doesn't know any other way to do that.
Mary told me she didn't have time to do that right now.
Mary told herself that she had made the right decision.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wanted to go to Boston with him.
Mary told Tom that she thought John would be back soon.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't yet retired.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't retired yet.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't in his room.
Mary told Tom that she had to eat dinner with her boss.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was impressed.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was depressed.
Mary told Tom she'd lied to him and that she was sorry.
Mary told Tom she thought he wasn't a very good driver.
Mary told Tom she thought he was behaving like a child.
Mary thought the girl she saw talking to Tom was Alice.
Mary thought that Tom wouldn't want her at his wedding.
Mary thought Tom had lied to her about where he'd been.
Mary thinks some of her friends may be able to do that.
Mary thinks she can do the job better than anyone else.
Mary swore she wasn't going to say anything to anybody.
Mary stood on a chair so she could reach the top shelf.
Mary stayed up all night reading the book Tom gave her.
Mary started working for us when she was only thirteen.
Mary started to say something, but Tom interrupted her.
Mary started crying when I told her about the accident.
Mary speaks French much better than she speaks English.
Mary soon realized she shouldn't have tried doing that.
Mary showed me some pictures of her when she was a kid.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary should probably not tell Tom what she wants to do.
Mary should probably not tell Tom what she needs to do.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she doesn't like him.
Mary seemed to be convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary seemed to be aware that Tom didn't want her there.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her I had to do that.
Mary says that she wasn't the one who broke the window.
Mary says she won't go out at night by herself anymore.
Mary says she wants to apologize to Tom for doing that.
Mary says she usually buys a new car every three years.
Mary says she thought she can do that without any help.
Mary says she thinks she can do that without your help.
Mary says she thinks it might be impossible to do that.
Mary says she sells about thirty loaves of bread a day.
Mary says she needs to find someone to do that for her.
Mary says she needs to find someone to do that for Tom.
Mary says she knows Tom will have to help John do that.
Mary says she knows Tom will have to do that next week.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't eat all the potato chips.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows when he ought to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows when he needs to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom is willing to do that with her.
Mary says she has to find somebody to help her do that.
Mary says she goes jogging at least three times a week.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that by herself.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let John do that.
Mary says she doesn't remember seeing Tom at the party.
Mary says she doesn't really know how to ski very well.
Mary says she doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom doesn't like Boston.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom is planning to go.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom would really do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't need to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't have to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't do that on time.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would eventually do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to move to Boston.
Mary says she didn't know Tom had to help John do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom could do that by himself.
Mary says she and Tom sometimes go to the zoo together.
Mary says she and Tom almost never take walks together.
Mary said that was the first time she'd ever done that.
Mary said that she was going to leave tomorrow morning.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom had to do that.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom could speak French.
Mary said that Tom looked like he was enjoying himself.
Mary said something, but I couldn't hear what she said.
Mary said she'd like to know why Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she'd like to know why Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't left the door unlocked.
Mary said she wished she hadn't given any money to Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't allowed Tom to do that.
Mary said she was trying to learn how to play the oboe.
Mary said she was the only one who knew how to do that.
Mary said she was having a really hard time doing that.
Mary said she was determined to find out what happened.
Mary said she wanted to give Tom the chance to do that.
Mary said she wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Mary said she used to go to Boston three times a month.
Mary said she thought we should try to get there early.
Mary said she thought that would probably never happen.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help us do that.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Mary said she thought she might be required to do that.
Mary said she thought it was a little risky to do that.
Mary said she thought it might be dangerous to do that.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Mary said she thought Tom's suggestion was a good idea.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't be doing that today.
Mary said she thought Tom would be hesitant to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was the first one to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was interested in doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom was interested in basketball.
Mary said she thought Tom was in his office on Mondays.
Mary said she thought Tom might be required to do that.
Mary said she saw Tom waiting for the bus this morning.
Mary said she plans on staying in Boston until October.
Mary said she only did that because everybody else did.
Mary said she knew she might not need to do that again.
Mary said she knew she might not have to do that again.
Mary said she knew she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she knew she might need to do that on Monday.
Mary said she knew she might have to do that on Monday.
Mary said she knew Tom might not want to do that again.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be allowed to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might have to do that this week.
Mary said she hoped she never had to go back to Boston.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be able to help us today.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be able to do that today.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that alone.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that outside.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to do that again.
Mary said she didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Mary said she didn't want to hang out with Tom anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to do that without some help.
Mary said she didn't want me to tell Tom what happened.
Mary said she didn't think she was good enough for Tom.
Mary said she didn't think Tom ought to have done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom needed to do that again.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had ever been to Boston.
Mary said she didn't really feel like doing that today.
Mary said she didn't really expect anyone to volunteer.
Mary said she didn't know where she was supposed to go.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was able to speak French.
Mary said she didn't have to be back until next Monday.
Mary said she didn't have enough time to do that today.
Mary said she didn't have enough money to go to Boston.
Mary said she couldn't go camping with us next weekend.
Mary said she could do that, but she actually couldn't.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he should do that.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom he had to do that.
Mary said it wasn't as hard to do that as she expected.
Mary said doing that cost more money than she expected.
Mary said Tom thought she might be required to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary resigned because they refused to give her a raise.
Mary ran to the bus stop, so she wouldn't miss the bus.
Mary ran to the bus stop, but she still missed the bus.
Mary promised that she'd be more careful in the future.
Mary probably doesn't know why you want her to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom wasn't at her party.
Mary probably doesn't know that Tom has a crush on her.
Mary probably doesn't know she shouldn't do that again.
Mary poured cold water over herself to wake herself up.
Mary picked up the coffee pot and poured herself a cup.
Mary obviously doesn't want us bothering her right now.
Mary never told me she didn't know how to speak French.
Mary must've forgotten what she promised to do for Tom.
Mary might not have enough money to buy what she wants.
Mary might not have enough money to buy what she needs.
Mary made it quite clear what she didn't want us to do.
Mary locked herself in the bathroom and started to cry.
Mary liked the idea until I told her it was Tom's idea.
Mary knows she shouldn't be singing this late at night.
Mary knows she should do that, but she doesn't want to.
Mary knows better than to go out after dark by herself.
Mary knows Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with her.
Mary knew that she couldn't get to the airport by 2:30.
Mary knew that Tom wanted her to go to Boston with him.
Mary knew she shouldn't do that, but she did it anyway.
Mary isn't as good a chess player as she thinks she is.
Mary isn't as easy to get along with as she used to be.
Mary isn't able to do that alone. You need to help her.
Mary is wearing a different hat than she was yesterday.
Mary is probably going to get injured if she does that.
Mary is probably going to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is probably going to be hungry when she gets here.
Mary is probably going to be forgiven for what she did.
Mary is old enough to know that what she did was wrong.
Mary is never going to do what you're asking her to do.
Mary is likely to spend the rest of her life in prison.
Mary is in the kitchen making herself something to eat.
Mary is going to get in trouble if she doesn't do that.
Mary is going to be thirsty when she finishes the race.
Mary is going to be in prison for the rest of her life.
Mary invited Tom to join her and her family for dinner.
Mary injured herself when she jumped out of the window.
Mary hopes that Tom won't do that until she gets there.
Mary hoped that Tom would like the gift she bought him.
Mary hasn't been home since she graduated from college.
Mary has wanted to study French since she was thirteen.
Mary has some very important things that she has to do.
Mary has enough time to do that if she really wants to.
Mary has already done everything we've asked her to do.
Mary had to stay home from school because she was sick.
Mary had no idea why Tom wanted her to stop doing that.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she had to buy.
Mary got tired of waiting for Tom, so she went on home.
Mary got angry when I told her about what had happened.
Mary gave me her notebook full of her favorite recipes.
Mary gave Tom one of the books that John had given her.
Mary forgot to tell Tom what she'd planned to tell him.
Mary first came to Boston when she was three years old.
Mary finally talked Tom into lending her his accordion.
Mary finally realized that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary explained to Tom why she couldn't go to his party.
Mary ended up not getting paid as much as she expected.
Mary ended up getting paid much less than she expected.
Mary drives by Tom's house on her way to and from work.
Mary drank three bottles of wine by herself last night.
Mary dove into the water and swam as fast as she could.
Mary doesn't think Tom lies to her, but I know he does.
Mary doesn't speak French as well as I thought she did.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she should do that.
Mary doesn't seem to understand why she has to do that.
Mary doesn't really know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her to help him.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll need to do that.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll have to do that.
Mary doesn't know how long she'll have to wait for Tom.
Mary doesn't have the confidence to do that by herself.
Mary didn't want to tell anybody about what she'd done.
Mary didn't want to talk to Tom, but she had no choice.
Mary didn't want anybody to find out about her and Tom.
Mary didn't understand what Tom was trying to tell her.
Mary didn't think Tom would be awake when she got home.
Mary didn't start to study French until she was thirty.
Mary didn't say whether she'd go to Tom's party or not.
Mary didn't say whether she went to Tom's party or not.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be permitted to do that.
Mary didn't know whether she should believe Tom or not.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to go yesterday.
Mary didn't know that she didn't have to do that today.
Mary didn't have any money, so she couldn't go with me.
Mary didn't do anything that she wasn't supposed to do.
Mary definitely knows that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary couldn't have done what she did without some help.
Mary can't speak French as well as I thought she could.
Mary can do whatever she likes as far as I'm concerned.
Mary came a little earlier today than she usually does.
Mary called Tom and had him pick her up at the station.
Mary bought an expensive Christmas present for herself.
Mary asks me the same questions every time she sees me.
Mary asked her father to give her some money for lunch.
Mary asked Tom to wait for her in front of the library.
Mary asked Tom if she could borrow his French textbook.
Mary almost never does what she says she's going to do.
Mary agreed to be here at 2:30, but she's not here yet.
Mary admitted that she'd never actually been to Boston.
Mary admitted she wasn't the one who actually did that.
Mary admitted she wasn't actually the one who did that.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she promised she'd do.
Mary admits she's despised Tom since she first met him.
It'll take Mary three hours to finish what she's doing.
If you want Mary's help, you'll have to ask her for it.
If you tell Mary how to do that, I'm sure she'll do it.
If you see Mary, will you tell her I'm looking for her?
If Mary didn't want to be here, she wouldn't have come.
I'm the one who told Mary that she should study French.
I'm sure Mary is going to be hungry when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary had a good reason for doing what she did.
I'm really going to miss Mary when she moves to Boston.
I'm going to allow Mary to do whatever she wants to do.
I'm afraid Mary might not do what she's supposed to do.
I'd like for Mary to tell you why she did what she did.
I wonder why Mary didn't do that the way I told her to.
I wonder whether Mary really did what she said she did.
I wonder whether Mary really did what Tom said she did.
I wonder if Mary really was able to do that by herself.
I was the one who told Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I was the one who told Mary that she needed to do that.
I want to be sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I told Mary that I thought she should lose some weight.
I think Mary would do that for you if you asked her to.
I think Mary would be doing that, too, if she knew how.
I think Mary should do what she says she's going to do.
I think Mary probably isn't as old as you think she is.
I think Mary might get injured if she tries to do that.
I think Mary knows what time she's supposed to be here.
I think Mary is probably younger than you think she is.
I think Mary did that, even though she said she didn't.
I think Mary could get injured if she tries to do that.
I think Mary could get injured if she tried to do that.
I think I heard Mary say that she was going to do that.
I suspect that Mary doesn't do her homework by herself.
I spoke to Mary in French, but she answered in English.
I should probably tell Mary that I want her to do that.
I know Mary can't come to Boston, but I wish she would.
I helped Mary get up from the bench she was sitting on.
I heard that Mary doesn't sing as often as she used to.
I entered Mary's bedroom and saw her asleep in her bed.
I doubt if Mary will be very hungry when she gets home.
I don't want Mary wandering around the mall by herself.
I don't think Mary would be absent if she weren't sick.
I don't think Mary will be as careful as she should be.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom would like her to do.
I don't think Mary knows she's not supposed to do that.
I don't think Mary is sure that's what she needs to do.
I don't think Mary can afford to buy the car she wants.
I don't know why Mary didn't do what I asked her to do.
I didn't think Mary would be here, but I'm glad she is.
I didn't tell Mary everything Tom asked me to tell her.
I didn't notice Mary sitting by herself at the counter.
I convinced Mary that she should go to Boston with Tom.
I asked Mary to sing that song she used to always sing.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't need to do that.
Everyone but Mary knew that she didn't have to do that.
Even though I told Mary she shouldn't do that, she did.
Even though I told Mary she should do that, she didn't.
Even though I told Mary she had to do that, she didn't.
Does Mary really think she can convince Tom to do that?
Do you want to see a picture of Mary when she was baby?
Do you want to know why Mary didn't do that by herself?
Did you tell Mary I didn't want her to do that anymore?
Call Mary and tell her I can't meet her this afternoon.
Ask Mary if she has enough money to buy what she needs.
All Mary wanted was to spend some time with her family.
You shouldn't have told Mary that you didn't like her.
You should tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
You should tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
You should probably tell Mary that she has to do that.
You knew Mary couldn't do that by herself, didn't you?
You can't hit Mary and expect her not to hit you back.
You and I are the only people Mary says she can trust.
Would you tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
Why would Mary want to do that if she doesn't have to?
Why don't you call Mary and tell her what's happening?
Why don't you ask Mary if she really wants to do that?
Why didn't you just give Mary the money she asked for?
Why didn't Mary tell us that she was going to be late?
Whenever Mary comes to Boston, she stays at our place.
When Mary told Tom that she'd done that, he got upset.
When Mary saw Tom and Alice together, she got jealous.
When Mary finds out what happened, she won't be happy.
What time did Mary say she was leaving in the morning?
What do you think Mary will do now that she's retired?
We should tell Mary that she needs to be more careful.
We should tell Mary that Tom doesn't want her to come.
We should ask Mary which one she thinks we should buy.
We never would've allowed Mary to go there by herself.
We don't need to give Mary the money she's asking for.
There were a lot of things Mary said she needed to do.
The problem is that Mary thinks she's better than Tom.
The only person Mary says she wants to talk to is Tom.
The only job Mary has ever had is the one she has now.
The doctor told Mary that she should drink more water.
Tell Mary she has to do everything Tom asks her to do.
Tell Mary I'm not going to do what she asked me to do.
Please make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
Mary's parents are too strict to allow her to do that.
Mary's going to kill me when she finds out what I did.
Mary wrote a lot of letters to Tom while she was away.
Mary wrapped the present she was going to give to Tom.
Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if she didn't need to.
Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if she didn't have to.
Mary would be able to do that if she really wanted to.
Mary worked in a supermarket while she was in college.
Mary wondered if she had enough money to pay the bill.
Mary won't likely tell Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary won't likely be as mad at Tom as she was at John.
Mary wishes that she could be a better French speaker.
Mary wished that she could play tennis as well as Tom.
Mary will probably tell Tom she won't do that anymore.
Mary will probably get hurt if she does that that way.
Mary will never understand why we want her to do this.
Mary will keep doing that if someone doesn't stop her.
Mary will help you as soon as she finishes doing that.
Mary will have to do that even if she doesn't want to.
Mary was uncertain whether or not she should tell Tom.
Mary was the first one who said she'd like to do that.
Mary was the first one who said she wanted to do that.
Mary was shocked when I told her what I planned to do.
Mary was lonely and wished she had someone to talk to.
Mary was afraid that she was about to lose everything.
Mary wants to ask you if you'll help her next weekend.
Mary wanted to talk to Tom, but she couldn't find him.
Mary wanted to know who was going to help her do that.
Mary walked in and quietly closed the door behind her.
Mary walked as fast as she could to catch up with Tom.
Mary used to smile a lot, but she seldom does anymore.
Mary used to play the guitar better than she does now.
Mary used to make fun of Tom, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary unlocked the door with the key Tom had given her.
Mary tried to convince everyone that she was innocent.
Mary told me to meet her in front of the concert hall.
Mary told me that to be gone by the time she got here.
Mary told me that she's faster at doing that than Tom.
Mary told me that she's better at doing that than Tom.
Mary told me that she's able to speak three languages.
Mary told me that she'd never had that problem before.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be suspicious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be reasonable.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be interested.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be here later.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was good at cooking.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was being sarcastic.
Mary told me that she doesn't want to do that anymore.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what she should do.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what she has to do.
Mary told me she was interested in visiting Australia.
Mary told me she was going to try to find another job.
Mary told me she didn't have enough money to buy that.
Mary told me she didn't actually want to go to Boston.
Mary told me she couldn't remember the teacher's name.
Mary told Tom to wait for her in front of the station.
Mary told Tom that she'd eat anything he made for her.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be willing to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't suspicious.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't interested.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't dependable.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was overconfident.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was in his office.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was upstairs.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was handsome.
Mary told Tom that she didn't like his sense of humor.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't permit him to do that.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do what he asked her to do.
Mary told Tom she wanted John to learn how to do that.
Mary told Tom she couldn't do what he asked her to do.
Mary threw away all the letters that Tom had sent her.
Mary thought she might not need to do that by herself.
Mary thought she might not have to do that by herself.
Mary thought she might have to do that this afternoon.
Mary thinks she's better at French than she really is.
Mary stopped laughing when she noticed Tom was crying.
Mary started playing the violin when she was thirteen.
Mary spent the money Tom gave her on something to eat.
Mary soon realized there was no way she could do that.
Mary should've learned French when she had the chance.
Mary should've been grateful for what Tom did for her.
Mary should tell Tom about the job she's been offered.
Mary should probably tell Tom that she needs his help.
Mary should probably tell Tom she won't do that again.
Mary seldom makes mistakes when she's speaking French.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her Tom wasn't here.
Mary says that she'd like to come over this afternoon.
Mary says she's learned a lot in the last three years.
Mary says she's been living in Boston for three years.
Mary says she'll do that even if Tom tells her not to.
Mary says she would've done that if we'd asked her to.
Mary says she wants to give you the chance to do that.
Mary says she wants to give Tom the chance to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might not be smart to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might be expensive to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might be dangerous to do that.
Mary says she thinks Tom would really want to do that.
Mary says she still doesn't have everything she needs.
Mary says she regrets that she wasn't able to do that.
Mary says she needs the rest of the money you owe her.
Mary says she knows how difficult it'll be to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows why he needs to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom is willing to do that for her.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't say he has to do that.
Mary says she has to find someone to help her do that.
Mary says she has to find somebody to do that for her.
Mary says she has to find somebody to do that for Tom.
Mary says she goes jogging three or four times a week.
Mary says she forgot that she had promised to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she's very good at French.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that right now.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let you do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will enjoy doing that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really has to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really had to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom is supposed to do.
Mary says she doesn't know if she has time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't care whether we help her or not.
Mary says she didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would be at the meeting.
Mary says she didn't know Tom couldn't swim very well.
Mary says she and Tom hardly ever go cycling together.
Mary says she always does that the way Tom showed her.
Mary said they wouldn't permit her to do that anymore.
Mary said that she'd be moving to Boston next October.
Mary said that she wasn't sure that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she was very sorry for what she'd done.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she was certain that Tom could do that.
Mary said that she wanted me to help her wash her car.
Mary said that she thought Tom was in love with Alice.
Mary said that she doesn't really want that to happen.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was really scared.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was angry anymore.
Mary said that she didn't really plan to stay so long.
Mary said that she didn't really feel like doing that.
Mary said she's the one responsible for what happened.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom wants to do that.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she's not sure Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she's learned a lot in the last three years.
Mary said she'd rather not spend much time doing that.
Mary said she wished you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Mary said she wished she hadn't played chess with Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't left the windows open.
Mary said she wished she could do that as well as Tom.
Mary said she wasn't sure if Tom could do that or not.
Mary said she was going to ask Tom to do that for her.
Mary said she was able to do everything she had to do.
Mary said she wanted to try to swim across this river.
Mary said she wanted me to talk you out of doing that.
Mary said she wanted Tom to help her do that tomorrow.
Mary said she thought you could take care of yourself.
Mary said she thought that Tom would do that tomorrow.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that for me.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she thought she might need to do that today.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that today.
Mary said she thought she might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought she knew what needed to be done.
Mary said she thought it would be possible to do that.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Mary said she thought doing that would be a good idea.
Mary said she thought Tom's suggestion was a good one.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be willing to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be tempted to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be nervous doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be frightened by that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be at today's meeting.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't interested in sports.
Mary said she thought Tom was the last one to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was outside waiting for you.
Mary said she thought Tom was good at speaking French.
Mary said she thought Tom might want to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that again.
Mary said she thought Tom might be tempted to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thought I might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she suspected Tom was very eager to do that.
Mary said she only did that because everyone else did.
Mary said she needed to get up early tomorrow morning.
Mary said she left early because she was feeling sick.
Mary said she knew she might have to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she intends to go to Australia next October.
Mary said she hoped she never needed to do that again.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Mary said she hasn't seen Tom since they got divorced.
Mary said she doesn't want to invite Tom to her party.
Mary said she doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom will agree to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really has to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really had to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to wear Alice's old clothes.
Mary said she didn't want to spend all day doing that.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to go to the dance with Tom.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would like her friends.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let John do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would enjoy that movie.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would enjoy doing that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had a driver's license.
Mary said she didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Mary said she didn't remember exactly where Tom lived.
Mary said she didn't really expect anybody to do that.
Mary said she didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary said she didn't know if she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she didn't know if Tom could do that or not.
Mary said she didn't know Tom couldn't swim very well.
Mary said she didn't have to get up so early tomorrow.
Mary said she didn't have the energy to do that today.
Mary said she didn't have any idea what Tom was doing.
Mary said she couldn't do that because she's too busy.
Mary said she and Tom played tennis yesterday morning.
Mary said her parents let her do what she wants to do.
Mary said doing that took more time than she expected.
Mary said Tom thought she might have to do that today.
Mary said Tom thought she might be allowed to do that.
Mary said Tom had given her permission to leave early.
Mary refused to tell me who gave her those binoculars.
Mary refused to do what Tom told her she needed to do.
Mary realized she wasn't likely to be able to do that.
Mary realized later that she shouldn't have done that.
Mary promised she'd go to Boston with Tom next Monday.
Mary promised she'd be there, but she never showed up.
Mary probably should've asked Tom to help her do that.
Mary probably doesn't know what Tom expects her to do.
Mary probably doesn't know she's got to do that today.
Mary probably doesn't know she shouldn't do that here.
Mary probably doesn't know how she's going to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know exactly what she should do.
Mary probably doesn't know exactly what she has to do.
Mary pretended that she didn't see what was happening.
Mary plans to come back to Boston after she graduates.
Mary phoned to say she won't be here until after 2:30.
Mary noticed Tom was a few inches shorter than he was.
Mary never told me she wanted to go to Boston with us.
Mary never thought she'd have to come back here again.
Mary needed some money, so I offered to give her some.
Mary may have some problems we can help her deal with.
Mary made the mistake of trying to do that by herself.
Mary made me swear not to tell Tom about what she did.
Mary made me promise not to tell Tom her phone number.
Mary made it clear that she wasn't willing to do that.
Mary made it clear that she didn't like Tom very much.
Mary made it clear that she didn't intend to help Tom.
Mary looked better today than the last time I saw her.
Mary lived in Australia when she was younger, I think.
Mary listened carefully, but she didn't hear anything.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she wasn't married.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she didn't do that.
Mary knows something about Tom that she won't tell us.
Mary knows she's supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Mary knew that she wasn't going to be able to do that.
Mary knew that she was the only one who could do that.
Mary knew that she needed to do something to help Tom.
Mary knew that she couldn't do what needed to be done.
Mary knew that Tom wouldn't eat the fish she'd caught.
Mary knew she might be required to do that by herself.
Mary knew Tom wasn't likely to tell her what happened.
Mary isn't sure when Tom is expecting her to be there.
Mary isn't supposed to be at school today, but she is.
Mary isn't as determined to do that as she used to be.
Mary is wearing the same clothes as she was yesterday.
Mary is wearing a blouse that's way too large for her.
Mary is thinking about telling Tom that she loves him.
Mary is the only one who seems to be enjoying herself.
Mary is supposed to be at school today, but she isn't.
Mary is probably going to be tired when she gets home.
Mary is now a little more careful than she used to be.
Mary is lucky that she can still take care of herself.
Mary is going to spend the rest of her life in prison.
Mary is going to do that later when she's not so busy.
Mary is going to be very sorry if she doesn't do that.
Mary is going to be very glad that she didn't do that.
Mary is going to ask Tom to do that for us, isn't she?
Mary is finally going to do what she told us she'd do.
Mary is already rich enough to buy anything she wants.
Mary is a pretty nice person once you get to know her.
Mary has permitted her children to do that many times.
Mary has finally decided that she has to go to Boston.
Mary has been waiting all morning for Tom to help her.
Mary has been trying to figure out what she has to do.
Mary has been told that she isn't required to do that.
Mary has been saving up money so she can go to Boston.
Mary has asked Tom to meet her at her office tomorrow.
Mary has another problem she hasn't told us about yet.
Mary has already told Tom she doesn't want to do that.
Mary has absolutely no idea what she's supposed to do.
Mary has a few more things to do before she can leave.
Mary gave me her phone number and told me to call her.
Mary found the information she was looking for online.
Mary finally realized that Tom didn't really like her.
Mary felt that she needed to explain why she was late.
Mary fell in love with Tom the first time she saw him.
Mary fell in love with Tom the first time she met him.
Mary explained to Tom why she needed to buy a new car.
Mary explained that she was the one who had done that.
Mary expected Tom to disagree with her, but he didn't.
Mary drove past Tom's house on her way home from work.
Mary drank a few cups of coffee to keep herself awake.
Mary doesn't want to do that, but she says she has to.
Mary doesn't want to do that today because she's sick.
Mary doesn't think she could do that without our help.
Mary doesn't think Tom really could do that, does she?
Mary doesn't seem to be doing what we asked her to do.
Mary doesn't seem to be aware of what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't seem convinced that she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't really want to do that with us, does she?
Mary doesn't really think that Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think Tom could do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really listen when Tom is talking to her.
Mary doesn't really care whether Tom likes her or not.
Mary doesn't need to read this if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't like to do that, but she'll do it anyway.
Mary doesn't like being told she's not old enough yet.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't want her to do that.
Mary doesn't know whether she needs to do that or not.
Mary doesn't know where she's going to live next year.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that again.
Mary doesn't do that as well as she should be able to.
Mary didn't think Tom would eat what she made for him.
Mary didn't tell us that she'd be in Boston this week.
Mary didn't tell me she'd never been to Boston before.
Mary didn't tell Tom about the job she'd been offered.
Mary didn't start to write songs until she was thirty.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she should do that.
Mary didn't seem to understand why she had to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware of what she needed to do.
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her about that.
Mary didn't seem satisfied with the answer I gave her.
Mary didn't seem convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't say whether she was planning to go or not.
Mary didn't really know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary didn't learn how to do that until she was thirty.
Mary didn't know why Tom didn't want her at his party.
Mary didn't know whether she should do that or not.
Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that today.
Mary didn't know how much money she was going to need.
Mary didn't have very many friends when she was young.
Mary didn't have enough time to do what she had to do.
Mary didn't have a good job until she moved to Boston.
Mary didn't even look at the report that Tom gave her.
Mary didn't do any of the work she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't begin to write songs until she was thirty.
Mary didn't apply for the job that Tom told her about.
Mary didn't actually want to do that with us, did she?
Mary demanded that Tom give her the money he owed her.
Mary couldn't find what she wanted at the supermarket.
Mary couldn't attend the meeting because she was sick.
Mary could've been nervous, but she didn't seem to be.
Mary could've been frightened, but she didn't show it.
Mary continued working even though she was very tired.
Mary confessed that she was the one who had done that.
Mary checked the list to make sure she had everything.
Mary certainly sounds like she's not planning to come.
Mary certainly seems to know what she's talking about.
Mary called to say she wouldn't be back till tomorrow.
Mary called to say she wouldn't be at today's meeting.
Mary bet Tom that she could beat him at arm wrestling.
Mary asked me to help her put new frets on her guitar.
Mary asked if she really needed to do that by herself.
Mary asked Tom what time he wanted her to pick him up.
Mary apparently didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary and I have never met, but I know a lot about her.
Mary admitted she was the one who ate all the cookies.
It's entirely up to Mary whether she does that or not.
It looks like Mary will do what we've asked her to do.
It looks like Mary is waiting for someone to help her.
If you visit Mary now, she'll probably be watching TV.
If you run into Mary, ask her how her mother is doing.
If Mary didn't come here by bus, how did she get here?
I'm surprised Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
I'm sure Mary won't be very hungry when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary is going to be tired when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary has some questions she wants to ask you.
I'm sure Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
I'll tell Mary about that the next time I talk to her.
I wonder whether Mary's friends would really help her.
I wonder whether Mary really can take care of herself.
I wonder whether Mary did what she was supposed to do.
I wonder whether Mary can really take care of herself.
I wonder if Mary knows Tom ate both of her sandwiches.
I wonder if Mary is still as strong as she used to be.
I wonder if Mary is still as strict as she used to be.
I wonder if Mary is really as rich as she says she is.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she needed to help Tom.
I was hoping Mary wouldn't ask me to help her do that.
I waited for Mary for three hours, but she never came.
I told Mary to stop doing that, but she did it anyway.
I told Mary that she should try to do that by herself.
I told Mary she didn't need to come to work on Monday.
I thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that by herself.
I thought Mary would ask Tom to go with her to Boston.
I thought Mary would ask Tom to go to Boston with her.
I think you ought to let Mary go to Boston by herself.
I think we shouldn't let Mary go to Boston by herself.
I think we should tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I think that Mary lied to you about when she did that.
I think Mary would get here early if you asked her to.
I think Mary won't be as angry as you think she'll be.
I think Mary will do the same thing she did yesterday.
I think Mary stayed by at home by herself last Monday.
I think Mary might get killed if she tries to do that.
I think Mary is going to be hungry when she gets home.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she should do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Mary she had to do that.
I suppose Mary told you what time she plans to arrive.
I should've told Mary why she was supposed to do that.
I should've told Mary that I was too busy to help her.
I should've phoned Mary before I went over to see her.
I should probably tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I recognized Mary as soon as she walked into the room.
I plan to telephone Mary tomorrow and ask her to help.
I hope Mary knows she has do what Tom tells her to do.
I haven't yet done what Mary said she wanted me to do.
I haven't seen Mary since she's come back from Boston.
I don't think Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary really wants to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary liked the song you wrote about her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom wants her to do that.
I don't think Mary knows that Tom thinks she's stupid.
I don't think Mary knows that Tom is in love with her.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she ought to do.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she needs to do.
I don't think Mary is going to admit that she's wrong.
I don't care why Mary did that. I'm just glad she did.
I didn't want to interrupt Mary while she was talking.
I didn't think Mary would be cooperative, but she was.
I didn't tell Mary what time she should come tomorrow.
I didn't tell Mary that she needed to be more careful.
I didn't know Mary would be here, but I'm glad she is.
I didn't know Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
Have you told Mary where you want her to park her car?
Everybody but Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Even if Mary had wanted to do that, she wouldn't have.
Does Mary take care of you or do you take care of her?
Does Mary know why Tom didn't invite her to his party?
Do you think Mary would like it if I did that for her?
Do you think Mary would do that if she had the chance?
Do you think Mary will like the gift I bought for her?
Do you think Mary really wanted to do that by herself?
Do you still think Mary doesn't know what she's doing?
Did you ask Mary if she thought she'd be able do that?
Did Mary say what she was planning to do this evening?
Did Mary say she was going to walk to school tomorrow?
Could you tell Mary why you don't want her to do that?
After Mary broke up with Tom, she started dating John.
Mary told the police that three men had mugged her.
You've got to tell Mary she needs to be here at 2:30.
You should probably tell Mary why she should do that.
Why don't you call Mary and tell her what's going on?
Why don't you call Mary and invite her to your party?
Why don't you believe Mary when she says she's happy?
Why don't you ask Mary if she'd like to come with us?
Why did you tell Mary I thought she couldn't do that?
When Mary got home, her children were already asleep.
What does Mary need to say to get Tom to forgive her?
Were you the one who told Mary that she shouldn't go?
We're not going to give Mary the money she asked for.
We'll make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
We waited all afternoon for Mary, but she never came.
We don't believe that Mary did what Tom said she did.
Was it you who told Mary she doesn't have to do that?
So far, Mary is the only one who's said she's coming.
Please make sure Mary does what she's supposed to do.
Maybe we should ask Mary if she wants this old piano.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she ought to do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she needs to do.
Mary's first computer was given to her by her father.
Mary's a lot smarter than people give her credit for.
Mary's French has improved since she moved to France.
Mary wrote Tom a love letter, but she didn't send it.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she had hidden the money.
Mary wouldn't have made it on time if she hadn't run.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she hadn't wanted to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she hadn't needed to.
Mary wouldn't have done that even if she'd wanted to.
Mary wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would she?
Mary would've left early if she'd known she could've.
Mary would've come to Boston with us if she could've.
Mary would've been here if she knew she needed to be.
Mary would still be alive if she'd been more careful.
Mary would be disappointed if she saw you doing that.
Mary wondered what Tom could do that she couldn't do.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she wants to quit her job.
Mary won't be able to do what you've asked her to do.
Mary wished she were able to visit Boston more often.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary will probably be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary will never understand why people don't like her.
Mary will be too weak to do that after her operation.
Mary went to visit Tom even though I told her not to.
Mary went back to school to get something she forgot.
Mary wasn't strong enough to lift the box by herself.
Mary wasn't scared of Tom, but Tom was scared of her.
Mary wasn't aware that Tom was hoping she'd kiss him.
Mary wasn't able to say what she wanted to in French.
Mary wasn't able to do everything we asked her to do.
Mary was wearing a straw hat the last time I saw her.
Mary was sitting at her desk the last time I saw her.
Mary was shocked when I told her what Tom had bought.
Mary was shocked when I told her about what happened.
Mary was foolish enough to believe what Tom told her.
Mary was angry at Tom because he parked in her space.
Mary was afraid that she was going to make a mistake.
Mary wants to go to college, but she can't afford to.
Mary wanted to kiss Tom, but didn't think she should.
Mary wanted to hire Tom to take care of her children.
Mary wanted to get as far away from Tom as she could.
Mary used the key Tom had given her to open the door.
Mary tried to say something, but Tom interrupted her.
Mary tried to ask Tom a question, but he ignored her.
Mary told the police that three men had attacked her.
Mary told me that she was the one who had to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be surprised.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be impartial.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be back soon.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was claustrophobic.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was being truthful.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been impressed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom could speak French.
Mary told me that she thought Boston was a safe city.
Mary told me that she thinks she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary told me some things she probably shouldn't have.
Mary told me she wouldn't eat dinner with us tonight.
Mary told me she wouldn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary told me she walked through the woods by herself.
Mary told me she thought it would be safe to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be likely to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't willing to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was going to try to help John.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't surprised.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't impressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't depressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was undependable.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was in the attic.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was disorganized.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was disappointed.
Mary told Tom that she never wanted to do that again.
Mary told Tom that she had never intended to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was worried.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was sincere.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was nervous.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was married.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was jealous.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was correct.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't allow him to do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted to find a higher-paying job.
Mary told Tom she didn't want him to do that anymore.
Mary told Tom she didn't have many friends in Boston.
Mary thought the boy she saw talking to Tom was John.
Mary thought she was the only one who had to do that.
Mary thought she was doing what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary thought she might be permitted to do that today.
Mary thought Tom might like to go to Boston with her.
Mary thinks that Tom will eat what she makes for him.
Mary thinks some of her friends will want to do that.
Mary thinks she knows who Tom's favorite musician is.
Mary thinks Tom will be doing that with John and her.
Mary still hasn't told me why she's going to do that.
Mary stayed at a cheap hotel when she visited Boston.
Mary started crying when I told her her dog had died.
Mary shouldn't have ever tried to do that on her own.
Mary shouldn't have ever tried to do that by herself.
Mary shouldn't have ever tried doing that on her own.
Mary shouldn't have ever tried doing that by herself.
Mary should've done it the way you told her to do it.
Mary should've done it the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary should tell Tom she won't go to Boston with him.
Mary should probably tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom that she can't do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's going to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary should probably not tell Tom to do that for her.
Mary seemed to enjoy herself at the party last night.
Mary seemed surprised when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary says you told her I wasn't going to go with you.
Mary says that when she did that, Tom started crying.
Mary says that she wants me to go to Boston with Tom.
Mary says she's planning to go to Boston this winter.
Mary says she's heard that Tom wanted to change jobs.
Mary says she will do that whether it's legal or not.
Mary says she thinks it won't be possible to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might not be wise to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might not be safe to do that.
Mary says she thinks it might not be easy to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't speak French very well.
Mary says she isn't interested in doing that anymore.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who's going to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows when he should do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows when he has to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't insist on doing that.
Mary says she has to find someone to do that for her.
Mary says she has to find someone to do that for Tom.
Mary says she has a special tool she uses to do that.
Mary says she has a lot to do before she can go home.
Mary says she feels much better today than yesterday.
Mary says she doesn't think she has to do that today.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that just now.
Mary says she doesn't think it's possible to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would really do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let John drive.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will want to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will need to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will have to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom knows how to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom does that very often.
Mary says she doesn't remember asking you to do that.
Mary says she doesn't remember asking Tom to do that.
Mary says she doesn't often win when she plays chess.
Mary says she doesn't know who Tom wants to help him.
Mary says she doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Mary says she doesn't have time to do that right now.
Mary says she doesn't have the confidence to do that.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that right now.
Mary says she doesn't care whether we do that or not.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wasn't able to do that.
Mary says she can't believe Tom would really do that.
Mary says she and Tom played chess yesterday morning.
Mary says she and Tom often play tennis after school.
Mary sang better today than I've ever heard her sing.
Mary said they wouldn't allow her to do that anymore.
Mary said there wasn't anything she could do to help.
Mary said that she wouldn't mind helping us tomorrow.
Mary said that she was very worried about her future.
Mary said that she was very interested in doing that.
Mary said that she was too tired to do anything else.
Mary said that she was the very first one to do that.
Mary said that she wanted to talk to me after school.
Mary said that she thought Tom regretted what he did.
Mary said that she really didn't know how to do that.
Mary said that she didn't want to ever see Tom again.
Mary said that she didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Mary said that she didn't really know how to do that.
Mary said that she didn't have a lot of money on her.
Mary said that it didn't take her so long to do that.
Mary said she's really glad she was asked to do that.
Mary said she'll probably do that on Monday with Tom.
Mary said she'd never consider doing that by herself.
Mary said she'd fill out the application form for me.
Mary said she'd be willing to help if we needed help.
Mary said she'd be able to do that if Tom helped her.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that for Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't be permitted to do that again.
Mary said she wished she hadn't forgotten to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't done that by herself.
Mary said she wished she hadn't asked Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't do that by himself.
Mary said she wasn't the one who told Tom to do that.
Mary said she wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
Mary said she was the only one who wanted to do that.
Mary said she was the only one who needed to do that.
Mary said she was thankful for the chance to do that.
Mary said she was ready to do whatever was necessary.
Mary said she wanted us to be here by 2:30 on Monday.
Mary said she wanted Tom to show John how to do that.
Mary said she thought we shouldn't go to Tom's party.
Mary said she thought that would probably not happen.
Mary said she thought that would likely never happen.
Mary said she thought that Tom had already done that.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help us today.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that today.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom wanted to do.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom needed to do.
Mary said she thought she could take care of herself.
Mary said she thought it was unlikely that she'd win.
Mary said she thought it could happen in Boston, too.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Mary said she thought doing that would be worthwhile.
Mary said she thought doing that would be a bad idea.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't forget to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't very good at French.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't finished doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom was still living in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom was going to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom didn't like John very much.
Mary said she thought I might be required to do that.
Mary said she saw Tom sitting in the park by himself.
Mary said she probably wouldn't be at home on Monday.
Mary said she met a woman named Alice this afternoon.
Mary said she knew something bad was going to happen.
Mary said she knew she might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might be permitted to do that.
Mary said she hoped that Tom would come to her party.
Mary said she felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
Mary said she expected Tom do the same thing she did.
Mary said she doesn't want Tom to ever do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that alone.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom knows how to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom has to do that today.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom does that very often.
Mary said she doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Mary said she doesn't know what Tom wants her to buy.
Mary said she doesn't know if Tom can do that or not.
Mary said she doesn't have the confidence to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to say anything about that.
Mary said she didn't want to invite Tom to her party.
Mary said she didn't want to go camping next weekend.
Mary said she didn't want to ever go to Boston again.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let you do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really had to do that.
Mary said she didn't think I had the guts to do that.
Mary said she didn't really expect anyone to do that.
Mary said she didn't need your permission to do that.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom refused to do that.
Mary said she didn't know when Tom would be arriving.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom wanted her to buy.
Mary said she didn't know Tom wasn't able to do that.
Mary said she didn't have your permission to do that.
Mary said she didn't have to worry about Tom anymore.
Mary said she didn't have the nerve to do that again.
Mary said she didn't have anything to complain about.
Mary said she didn't have any plans for next weekend.
Mary said she didn't have any idea what Tom would do.
Mary said she couldn't find what she was looking for.
Mary said it was harder to do that than she expected.
Mary said it was easier to do that than she expected.
Mary said it was Tom who told her she should do that.
Mary said it was Tom who told her she had to do that.
Mary said her parents allow her to do what she wants.
Mary said her father told her never to do that again.
Mary said Tom wasn't as angry as she thought he'd be.
Mary said Tom thought she might need to do that soon.
Mary said Tom thought she might have to do that soon.
Mary said Tom knew she might be permitted to do that.
Mary refused to tell me where she was planning to go.
Mary refused to admit that what she'd done was wrong.
Mary realized there was nothing she could do to help.
Mary realized there was no way she'd be able do that.
Mary realized she wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Mary realized she wasn't going to be able to do that.
Mary realized she didn't have enough time to do that.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't lie to me anymore.
Mary promised herself that she'd never do that again.
Mary probably wouldn't be able to do that by herself.
Mary probably thought she was going to be busy today.
Mary probably has an extra pencil she could lend you.
Mary probably doesn't know that Tom doesn't like her.
Mary probably doesn't know she's supposed to do that.
Mary probably doesn't know how much time she'll need.
Mary practices speaking French every chance she gets.
Mary planned to talk to Tom the first chance she got.
Mary picked up the bottle and poured herself a drink.
Mary opened the door, even though I asked her not to.
Mary never told me that she knew how to speak French.
Mary never does anything that she doesn't want to do.
Mary needs to stay in bed if she wants to recuperate.
Mary needs to find an apartment near where she works.
Mary needs at least $300 to buy everything she needs.
Mary must've forgotten what she promised us she'd do.
Mary must've been tired when she got home last night.
Mary must think she doesn't need to help Tom anymore.
Mary might've lied about who she went to Boston with.
Mary might not be as busy today as she was yesterday.
Mary might be here somewhere, but I haven't seen her.
Mary might be better at French than you think she is.
Mary may not have enough money to buy what she wants.
Mary may not have enough money to buy what she needs.
Mary may do that for us, but then again, she may not.
Mary made it very clear that she didn't want us here.
Mary made herself a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
Mary made herself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Mary loved living on the ranch with her grandparents.
Mary looks like she's too tired to help us right now.
Mary looked like she was going to start crying again.
Mary knows you didn't eat the cake she baked for you.
Mary knows that Tom can't do that as well as she can.
Mary knows she should've been able to do that better.
Mary knows Tom will probably be too busy to help her.
Mary knew there was nothing she could do to help Tom.
Mary knew that she wouldn't be able to pass the test.
Mary knew she might be allowed to do that by herself.
Mary just told me that she wouldn't be here tomorrow.
Mary isn't suggesting Tom could've done that, is she?
Mary isn't as motivated to do that as she used to be.
Mary isn't as desperate to do that as she used to be.
Mary is trying to figure out how much money she owes.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary is probably going to get fined if she does that.
Mary is never going to be able to do that by herself.
Mary is more dangerous than we first thought she was.
Mary is looking for someone to help her build a wall.
Mary is likely to do that as soon as you tell her to.
Mary is likely going to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is going to miss the train if she doesn't hurry.
Mary is going to help you do that if you want her to.
Mary is going to have to take better care of herself.
Mary is going to be living in Boston with her father.
Mary is a much better singer now than she used to be.
Mary hinted very strongly that she wanted to go home.
Mary hasn't said anything she wasn't supposed to say.
Mary hasn't let her children do that very many times.
Mary has trouble making herself understood in French.
Mary has told Tom that she isn't required to do that.
Mary has to finish doing that before she can go home.
Mary has some good ideas she wants to tell you about.
Mary has no close friends she can talk to about that.
Mary has just done what she should've done last week.
Mary has gotten fatter since the last time I saw her.
Mary has finally found something she's good at doing.
Mary has enough time to do that before she goes home.
Mary has enough money to do whatever she wants to do.
Mary has a few things she needs to do this afternoon.
Mary had no choice but to do what Tom told her to do.
Mary gave me a notebook full of her favorite recipes.
Mary gave each of her children three hundred dollars.
Mary found what she was looking for on the top shelf.
Mary forgot to ask Tom what she'd planned to ask him.
Mary finally managed to do what she was trying to do.
Mary explained to Tom why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary doesn't think she's going to be able to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to be doing what she's supposed to.
Mary doesn't need to go there if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't need to do that. Tom will do it for her.
Mary doesn't need to do anything she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't necessarily have to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't make as much money as she says she does.
Mary doesn't know why Tom didn't want her to do that.
Mary doesn't have to tell Tom if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to go there if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to eat this if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to do that. Tom will do it for her.
Mary doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have her parents' permission to do that.
Mary doesn't have enough money to buy what she wants.
Mary doesn't have enough money to buy what she needs.
Mary doesn't enjoy doing that as much as she used to.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she said she had to.
Mary didn't want to admit she wasn't able to do that.
Mary didn't want to admit she didn't know what to do.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she should do that.
Mary didn't seem to be aware that she had to do that.
Mary didn't say anything about where she'd come from.
Mary didn't recognize the person sitting next to her.
Mary didn't really expect Tom to answer her question.
Mary didn't really enjoy doing that with us, did she?
Mary didn't read any of the messages Tom sent to her.
Mary didn't pay me as much as she promised she would.
Mary didn't learn how to swim until she was thirteen.
Mary didn't know whether she'd be allowed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know how to do that until she was thirty.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she wanted.
Mary didn't have enough money to buy what she needed.
Mary didn't even look at the letter Tom wrote to her.
Mary did something she didn't want Tom to know about.
Mary did neither of the two things I asked her to do.
Mary couldn't get Tom to tell her why he was unhappy.
Mary could make you do that, but I doubt if she will.
Mary claims she didn't know that was going to happen.
Mary can't read music, so she plays the piano by ear.
Mary can speak French better than you think she does.
Mary called Tom and asked him to come over her house.
Mary burned all of the letters that Tom had sent her.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't ever do that again.
Mary asked Tom if he'd like to go to Boston with her.
Mary already told me she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary admitted that she was the one who had done that.
Mary admitted that she didn't really want to do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't really know what to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what we wanted her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary admitted she did what she wasn't supposed to do.
Mary admitted she did what Tom said she shouldn't do.
Mary accidentally cut herself while peeling an apple.
It would be foolish for Mary to go diving by herself.
If you see Mary, please tell her I'm looking for her.
If Mary hasn't told you yet, she probably never will.
If Mary had asked me for help, I would've helped her.
If I'd seen Mary yesterday, I would've talked to her.
I'm sure Mary will be very hungry when she gets home.
I'm pretty sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I'm looking for Mary. You haven't seen her, have you?
I would've let Mary drive if I'd known she wanted to.
I wonder why Mary lied to us about when she did that.
I wonder why Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
I wonder whether Mary was able to do that by herself.
I wonder whether Mary really knew she should do that.
I wish Mary would give me back the money she owes me.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Mary told me what she'd done.
I wasn't in the room when Mary asked Tom to help her.
I wanted to ask Mary how long she had lived in Australia.
I want Mary to keep doing just what she's been doing.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she didn't come.
I told Mary that she's been doing that the wrong way.
I told Mary that I never wanted to talk to her again.
I thought Mary would apologize to Tom, but she didn't
I think you should tell Mary that you don't like her.
I think Mary would do anything to get what she wants.
I think Mary would be doing that now if she knew how.
I think Mary should've asked Tom to help her do that.
I think Mary is probably older than you think she is.
I think Mary is going to be tired when she gets home.
I think Mary could've solved that problem by herself.
I think Mary could do that if she put her mind to it.
I think I'll go see Mary and ask her what she thinks.
I think I'll go ahead and ask Mary if she'll join us.
I really like Mary, but I'm not sure that I love her.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she should do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Mary she had to do that.
I hope Mary won't wait too long before she does that.
I hope Mary remembered to do what we asked her to do.
I hope Mary is going to do what she's supposed to do.
I honestly don't think Mary can take care of herself.
I heard that Mary's boss refused to give her a raise.
I heard that Mary asked you to help her wash her car.
I don't think Mary loves Tom as much as he loves her.
I don't think Mary likes you as much as you like her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom wasn't at her party.
I don't think Mary knows that what she did was wrong.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think Mary is sure that's what she has to do.
I didn't want Mary to do that, but she did it anyway.
I didn't think Mary would want to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary really had to do that by herself.
I didn't think Mary really did what Tom said she did.
I asked Mary what happened, but she wouldn't tell me.
I asked Mary if she knew anybody who taught swimming.
I asked Mary how much time she thought it would take.
How many sandwiches did Mary take to school with her?
How do you know Mary didn't do what she says she did?
How do you know Mary didn't do what she said she did?
Has Mary told Tom that she can't speak French at all?
Go wake up Mary and tell her that breakfast is ready.
Go wake Mary up and tell her that breakfast is ready.
Everyone but Mary knew that Tom was in love with her.
Even though Mary is sick, she's swimming again today.
Don't worry about Mary. She can take care of herself.
Does Mary think she'll be able to do that by herself?
Does Mary think she'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do you think Mary will do what we've asked her to do?
Do you remember when Mary said she wanted to do that?
Did you ask Mary if she wished to do that by herself?
Did you ask Mary if she wanted to do that by herself?
Did Mary say she thought it would be hard to do that?
Did Mary say she thought it would be easy to do that?
Did Mary happen to tell you how she plans to do that?
Did Mary ever tell you what she wanted for Christmas?
Are you really going to let Mary go there by herself?
You'd never forgive Mary if she did that, would you?
You shouldn't laugh at Mary when she makes mistakes.
You should tell Mary that she shouldn't leave early.
You obviously love Mary and she obviously loves you.
You knew Mary said she wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary said she going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Mary didn't do that by herself, didn't you?
You asked Mary why she hadn't done that, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she'd like to do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she wanted to do that, didn't you?
Why don't you believe Mary when she says she's busy?
Why didn't you tell Mary that she needed to do that?
Who did Mary say was going to go to Boston with her?
When Mary saw Tom and Alice together, she got angry.
What happens if Mary won't do what we ask her to do?
What do you think Mary did with the money she stole?
We need to make sure that Mary doesn't hurt herself.
We need to find out where Mary wants us to meet her.
We can't let Mary wander around the park by herself.
Was it you who told Mary she didn't need to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she didn't have to do that?
The only thing Mary ever gave me was her old jacket.
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a blue cap.
Tell Mary I need to talk to her as soon as possible.
Please tell Mary that she isn't required to do that.
Please tell Mary that I don't want to see her again.
Please tell Mary she needs to get that done by 2:30.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to get here early.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to bring anything.
No one is going to tell Mary that she can't do that.
Maybe you ought to let Mary do what she wants to do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that again.
Mary's parents thought that Tom was too old for her.
Mary's parents got divorced when she was very young.
Mary's parents allow her to do what she wants to do.
Mary's doctor told her that she should quit smoking.
Mary's boyfriend is three years younger than she is.
Mary's boyfriend is quite a bit younger than she is.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she wasn't here yesterday.
Mary wouldn't tell me who gave her those binoculars.
Mary wouldn't let her children speak French at home.
Mary wouldn't be crazy enough to do that, would she?
Mary would go to Boston with us if she had the time.
Mary worked part-time to put herself through school.
Mary wondered how much time she'd have to eat lunch.
Mary wondered how much she was going to have to pay.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't like her job.
Mary won't likely be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary won't know how to use it if you don't show her.
Mary woke up a little earlier than she usually does.
Mary wished that she could spend more time with Tom.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom to stop doing that.
Mary will probably tell Tom that she wants his help.
Mary will probably tell Tom she won't do that again.
Mary will probably be very tired when she gets home.
Mary will likely spend the rest of her life in jail.
Mary wasn't surprised when I told her what I'd done.
Mary was walking towards the station when I saw her.
Mary was walking too fast for Tom catch up with her.
Mary was very good at doing that when she was young.
Mary was surprised when Tom asked her out on a date.
Mary was stupid enough to believe what Tom told her.
Mary was sick, so I stayed home to take care of her.
Mary was aware that someone was standing behind her.
Mary was angry because I wouldn't give her any help.
Mary was afraid she might do something she'd regret.
Mary wanted Tom to understand why she couldn't stay.
Mary used to play lacrosse, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to lock herself in the basement for hours.
Mary used to do that, but she doesn't do it anymore.
Mary tried to reach the top shelf, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary tried to do that, but she wasn't strong enough.
Mary tried to do that, but she wasn't able to do it.
Mary tried to do that again, but she couldn't do it.
Mary took her sunglasses off and handed them to Tom.
Mary took a lot of pictures when she was a teenager.
Mary told me yesterday that she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she's seen that movie three times.
Mary told me that she won't come to school tomorrow.
Mary told me that she thought it would rain all day.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be punctual.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be discreet.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been careless.
Mary told me that she doesn't want to do that again.
Mary told me that Tom was the one who told her that.
Mary told me she wanted Tom to learn how to do that.
Mary told me she thought it would be fun to do that.
Mary told me she planned to wait until Monday to go.
Mary told me she doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Mary told me she didn't study French in high school.
Mary told me she didn't really want to go to Boston.
Mary told me she didn't have much money in the bank.
Mary told me she didn't have any plans for tomorrow.
Mary told me she didn't get enough sleep last night.
Mary told Tom the reason she didn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him with his homework.
Mary told Tom that she'd have to do that by herself.
Mary told Tom that she was interested in doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't upstairs.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't prepared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unimpressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unconscious.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was intelligent.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was incompetent.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was heartbroken.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was embarrassed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was discouraged.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was sleepy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was scared.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was lonely.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was hungry.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was honest.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was boring.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was biased.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was asleep.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was afraid.
Mary told Tom she'd be ready to go in three minutes.
Mary told Tom she wanted to eat meatloaf for supper.
Mary told Tom she couldn't eat lunch with him today.
Mary told Tom she could probably do that by herself.
Mary thought the girl she saw in the park was Alice.
Mary thought that Tom would be too busy to help her.
Mary thought that Tom was hiding something from her.
Mary thought she'd forgotten to tell Tom what to do.
Mary thought she wouldn't be able to do that for me.
Mary thought she might have to do that this morning.
Mary thought she might be required to do that today.
Mary thought she could do that if she had some help.
Mary thought Tom was going to let her go home early.
Mary thanked Tom for the bottle of wine he gave her.
Mary takes her ukulele with her everywhere she goes.
Mary still hasn't told me why she wanted to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she needed to do that.
Mary spilled her drink, so I bought her another one.
Mary spends a lot of money on things she never uses.
Mary soon realized that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary skipped dinner saying she was too tired to eat.
Mary showed me the pictures she took at the wedding.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's going to Boston.
Mary should probably tell Tom she doesn't like John.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary should be able to do that with her eyes closed.
Mary seemed very surprised when I told her about it.
Mary seemed to enjoy herself yesterday at the party.
Mary seemed to be convinced that she had to do that.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her what I'd done.
Mary scooted over so Tom could sit down next to her.
Mary says that she'd be willing to do that for free.
Mary says that she didn't study at all for the test.
Mary says she's sorry about what happened yesterday.
Mary says she's not the only one who didn't do that.
Mary says she's looking forward to coming to Boston.
Mary says she's hoping she can go swimming tomorrow.
Mary says she's gotten used to eating hospital food.
Mary says she's deleted Tom's number from her phone.
Mary says she'll do that whether you like it or not.
Mary says she'd prefer to talk about something else.
Mary says she wants to learn how to fly an airplane.
Mary says she thinks it'll be impossible to do that.
Mary says she thinks it would be foolish to do that.
Mary says she thinks Boston is a good place to live.
Mary says she saw Tom eating a sandwich in the park.
Mary says she never lies to Tom, but she often does.
Mary says she isn't the only one who didn't do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows why he has to do that.
Mary says she hasn't had a nightmare in a long time.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would let her drive.
Mary says she doesn't remember asking me to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom needs to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom doesn't like her.
Mary says she doesn't know any other way to do that.
Mary says she doesn't care whether Tom stays or not.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would have to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom couldn't speak French.
Mary says she can help us today if we need her help.
Mary says she believes she can take care of herself.
Mary says it doesn't matter to her if Tom does that.
Mary says if she doesn't do that, Tom will be angry.
Mary said that she'd do just about anything for Tom.
Mary said that she wasn't working in Boston anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't very interested in sports.
Mary said that she wasn't very interested in soccer.
Mary said that she was very glad she didn't do that.
Mary said that she was very glad Tom didn't do that.
Mary said that she was the very last one to do that.
Mary said that she was glad that she didn't do that.
Mary said that she was glad that Tom didn't do that.
Mary said that she thought Tom was ready to do that.
Mary said that she didn't want to go to Tom's party.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was really busy.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom was mad anymore.
Mary said that she didn't really feel like laughing.
Mary said that she couldn't sleep at all last night.
Mary said that she and Tom would be at home tonight.
Mary said she's tired of waiting for Tom to do that.
Mary said she's really glad she was able to do that.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom has to do that.
Mary said she'd try to make it to our party tonight.
Mary said she'd rather not go home until after 2:30.
Mary said she'd probably do that on Monday with Tom.
Mary said she'd like to know why Tom had to do that.
Mary said she'd like to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she'd be finished eating in a few minutes.
Mary said she'd be disappointed if we couldn't come.
Mary said she'd be able to do that without any help.
Mary said she wouldn't dream of letting Tom do that.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that for us.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that for me.
Mary said she wouldn't be going anywhere else today.
Mary said she won't be permitted to do that anymore.
Mary said she wished she'd eaten more for breakfast.
Mary said she wished she hadn't told Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't spent so much money.
Mary said she wished she hadn't seen Tom doing that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't gone to Tom's party.
Mary said she wished she hadn't gone there with Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't given Tom any money.
Mary said she watched TV for three hours last night.
Mary said she wasn't sure what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary said she was tired and wanted to go home early.
Mary said she was the only one who got here on time.
Mary said she was still not very good at doing that.
Mary said she was hoping you could do that with her.
Mary said she was hoping you could do that with Tom.
Mary said she was hoping she could help Tom do that.
Mary said she was expecting something bad to happen.
Mary said she was at your house yesterday afternoon.
Mary said she wanted to get out of town for a while.
Mary said she wanted me to teach her how to do that.
Mary said she wanted Tom to show her how to do that.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to cheer Tom up.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Mary said she thought she might not need to do that.
Mary said she thought she might not have to do that.
Mary said she thought she knew what the problem was.
Mary said she thought she could lend Tom some money.
Mary said she thought it would be raining on Monday.
Mary said she thought it was time for her to retire.
Mary said she thought doing that would be dangerous.
Mary said she thought doing that would be a mistake.
Mary said she thought doing that would a lot of fun.
Mary said she thought Tom would be too busy to help.
Mary said she thought Tom would be ready to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be happy to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be doing that today.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to help her.
Mary said she thought Tom was in no rush to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wanted to quit doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom probably wouldn't do that.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to be more careful.
Mary said she thought Tom might not want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might not need to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might not have to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom looked nervous doing that.
Mary said she thought I needed to get more exercise.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that today.
Mary said she thought I might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she thinks she'll have to do that for Tom.
Mary said she shouldn't have walked home by herself.
Mary said she shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Mary said she saw Tom eating a sandwich in the park.
Mary said she plans to stay in Boston until October.
Mary said she never talked to the doctor about that.
Mary said she needed to spend a few weeks in Boston.
Mary said she needed to get rid of a bunch of stuff.
Mary said she needed to do that before Tom got here.
Mary said she needed to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she needed to ask me a few more questions.
Mary said she needed three hundred thousand dollars.
Mary said she needed a day or two to think about it.
Mary said she knew where Tom learned how to do that.
Mary said she knew she might be required to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might not be able to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might be required to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't allow John to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be willing to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be allowed to do that.
Mary said she had something important to say to Tom.
Mary said she expected us do the same thing she did.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom parked the car.
Mary said she didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom do that today.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom do that again.
Mary said she didn't want to go to the park with us.
Mary said she didn't want to give any more speeches.
Mary said she didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
Mary said she didn't want Tom to ever do that again.
Mary said she didn't think she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she didn't think she had to do that today.
Mary said she didn't think doing that would be safe.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let me do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let John drive.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had to do that again.
Mary said she didn't learn anything at school today.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary said she didn't know Tom couldn't speak French.
Mary said she didn't have to go to Boston next week.
Mary said she didn't have the permission to do that.
Mary said she didn't have the confidence to do that.
Mary said she didn't have enough money to buy a car.
Mary said she didn't have anything she needed to do.
Mary said she didn't have any reason not to do that.
Mary said she didn't have any idea why Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary said she didn't believe that actually happened.
Mary said she did that, but she didn't really do it.
Mary said she could probably do that in three hours.
Mary said she could do that, but she wasn't able to.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom not to do that.
Mary said her parents let her do whatever she wants.
Mary said her parents let her do anything she wants.
Mary said Tom was unlikely to eat anything she made.
Mary said Tom was sleeping by the time she got home.
Mary said Tom thought she might not need to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might not have to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might be required to do that.
Mary refused to tell me where she'd put my car keys.
Mary refused to tell me what she was planning to do.
Mary refused to do what I told her she needed to do.
Mary readily promised to do what we asked her to do.
Mary promised to do everything she could to help me.
Mary promised to come, but she hasn't turned up yet.
Mary promised me she'd do that before she went home.
Mary promised Tom that she'd eat whatever he cooked.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised Tom she'd eat everything on her plate.
Mary probably wishes she'd eaten more for breakfast.
Mary probably shouldn't have bought what she bought.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom is scared of her.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom is afraid of her.
Mary probably doesn't know what she should be doing.
Mary probably doesn't know she has to do that today.
Mary pretended she didn't know how to open the safe.
Mary plans to stay with us when she comes to Boston.
Mary plans to spend her thirtieth birthday with Tom.
Mary overslept and missed the bus she usually rides.
Mary often eats popcorn when she's watching a movie.
Mary never wanted to give up, but she had no choice.
Mary never wanted to do anything we asked her to do.
Mary never told anyone where she hid the gold coins.
Mary never denied that she was the one who did that.
Mary must've had some reason for doing what she did.
Mary must've forgotten that she'd already done that.
Mary might not really be as busy as she says she is.
Mary may do whatever she likes with what I gave her.
Mary makes a lot of mistakes when she speaks French.
Mary made it quite clear what she expected us to do.
Mary looked around to see if she was being followed.
Mary looked around the room, but she didn't see Tom.
Mary lied when she told Tom that she'd won the race.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she wouldn't do that.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she didn't know John.
Mary let me read the letter she'd received from Tom.
Mary knew she shouldn't be doing what she was doing.
Mary knew she should've been able to do that better.
Mary knew she couldn't do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary knew more about what happened than she told us.
Mary isn't very likely be punished for what she did.
Mary isn't really as rich as everyone thinks she is.
Mary isn't as naive as a lot of people think she is.
Mary is wearing the sunglasses she bought yesterday.
Mary is wearing the same clothes she wore yesterday.
Mary is wearing the black coat she bought last week.
Mary is wearing a coat that's way too large for her.
Mary is too drunk to drive. Could you take her home?
Mary is probably going to get hurt if she does that.
Mary is perfectly capable of taking care of herself.
Mary is only trying to do what she's supposed to do.
Mary is my neighbor, but I don't know her very well.
Mary is likely to be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary is likely to be really disappointed, isn't she?
Mary is good at getting people to do things for her.
Mary is going to have to figure this out on her own.
Mary is going to be punished if she does that again.
Mary is going to be arrested if she does that again.
Mary is far better off than she was three years ago.
Mary is better off than she was this time last year.
Mary is better off now than she was three years ago.
Mary invited Tom over to her place to watch a movie.
Mary hopes that she doesn't have to do that anymore.
Mary helped Tom on the bus, and then got on herself.
Mary hasn't lost as much weight as she says she has.
Mary hasn't had time to do what you asked her to do.
Mary hasn't been able to do that since her accident.
Mary has to do that even though she doesn't want to.
Mary has to decide where she wants to go to college.
Mary has some things she needs to do this afternoon.
Mary has probably done something she shouldn't have.
Mary has been told that she doesn't need to do that.
Mary has been told that she doesn't have to do that.
Mary has been told she doesn't look like a teenager.
Mary has been told not to try to do that by herself.
Mary has been drinking a lot since she got divorced.
Mary has already done everything we asked her to do.
Mary has already bought everything she needs to buy.
Mary has allowed her children to do that many times.
Mary has a lot of work to do before she can go home.
Mary had to keep her relationship with Tom a secret.
Mary had enough money to buy what she wanted to buy.
Mary had enough money to buy what she needed to buy.
Mary had a headache so she took a couple of aspirin.
Mary had a crush on Tom when she was in high school.
Mary found what she was looking for under the table.
Mary finally learned to do that when she was thirty.
Mary explained to us why she didn't want to do that.
Mary dressed herself quickly, then ran out the door.
Mary doesn't want to do that, but she has no choice.
Mary doesn't think she can stop Tom from doing that.
Mary doesn't think she can find the time to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom can stop her from doing that.
Mary doesn't seem convinced that she has to do that.
Mary doesn't really think that I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think she can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really think Tom can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really believe that nonsense, does she?
Mary doesn't need to do that if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't know whether she has to do that or not.
Mary doesn't know what she did to make Tom so angry.
Mary doesn't have to help us if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to do that if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have any idea what Tom wants her to do.
Mary doesn't come to Boston as often as she used to.
Mary does the dishes as soon as she finishes eating.
Mary does everything the way Tom tells her to do it.
Mary didn't want to tell Tom anything about herself.
Mary didn't understand why she wasn't allowed to go.
Mary didn't tell me she didn't have time to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wanted to find another job.
Mary didn't stay for as long as she said she'd stay.
Mary didn't seem to know what she was talking about.
Mary didn't seem to know exactly what she was doing.
Mary didn't say what she did that made you so angry.
Mary didn't marry the man her parents wanted her to.
Mary didn't look like she was in a hurry to do that.
Mary didn't like coffee the first time she tried it.
Mary didn't know why Tom didn't want her to do that.
Mary didn't know the reason why Tom didn't like her.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know if she'd be able to do that or not.
Mary didn't know how to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't know how much money she should give Tom.
Mary didn't have the courage to go there by herself.
Mary didn't have her parents' permission to do that.
Mary didn't even text Tom to tell him she'd be late.
Mary didn't commit the crime they've accused her of.
Mary did that much better the third time she did it.
Mary did that even though she knew it was dangerous.
Mary did fairly well on the test she took yesterday.
Mary decided to learn all she could about computers.
Mary decided that she didn't really like doing that.
Mary couldn't remember where she'd buried the money.
Mary couldn't do that, so she asked Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't attend the party because she was sick.
Mary could've stopped doing that if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've been right, but I think she was wrong.
Mary could hardly make herself understood in French.
Mary certainly didn't say what you thought she said.
Mary can't go out because she has a lot of homework.
Mary can't dress herself and she can't feed herself.
Mary can't do that alone. Tom will have to help her.
Mary can't do that alone. Could you please help her?
Mary can take a couple of weeks off if she needs to.
Mary came to Boston when she was thirteen years old.
Mary began doing that when she was living in Boston.
Mary asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked me to go to Boston with her next weekend.
Mary asked me if I could help her with her homework.
Mary asked me for more money than she really needed.
Mary asked if it would be dangerous if she did that.
Mary asked if it would be all right if she did that.
Mary asked if I wanted her to cook something for me.
Mary asked Tom what time he wanted her to come over.
Mary admitted she'd been doing that for a long time.
Mary admitted she didn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she promised to do.
Mary admitted she didn't do what Tom told her to do.
Mary admitted she did what she said she wouldn't do.
Mary accidentally locked herself in the wine cellar.
Make sure Mary knows when she's supposed to be here.
It's doubtful whether Mary can take care of herself.
It would be stupid for Mary to go diving by herself.
It looks like Mary has fallen down and hurt herself.
If Mary says that she wants to do that, ask her why.
If Mary could speak French, I'd hire her right away.
I've looked all over for Mary, but I can't find her.
I'm sure Mary would appreciate any help she can get.
I'll talk it over with Mary and see what she thinks.
I'll ask Mary that question the next time I see her.
I wonder why Mary lied to us about where she'd been.
I wonder why Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
I wonder if Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I wonder if Mary really wants us to do that for her.
I wonder if Mary really needs us to do that for her.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she couldn't do that.
I was the one who told Mary that she should do that.
I was the one who told Mary that she had to do that.
I was surprised when Mary said she was unhappy here.
I wanted to ask Mary why she'd never gotten married.
I waited for Mary all afternoon, but she never came.
I told Mary that she should try to do it by herself.
I told Mary that I'd buy her another skateboard.
I told Mary not to do that the way she was doing it.
I told Mary I wouldn't do that unless she helped me.
I told Mary I wanted her to teach me how to do that.
I told Mary I could do whatever she wanted me to do.
I thought Mary wouldn't enjoy doing that by herself.
I thought Mary would apologize to me, but she didn't
I thought Mary said she wasn't going to get married.
I thought Mary said she didn't know how to get here.
I think you should tell Mary why you don't like her.
I think you should tell Mary what she wants to know.
I think we should tell Mary that she has to do that.
I think one of us ought to ask Mary what she thinks.
I think Mary would've stayed longer if she could've.
I think Mary would've helped us if she'd been there.
I think Mary won't be as mad as you think she'll be.
I think Mary might get hurt if she tries to do that.
I think Mary may be able to do that if you help her.
I think Mary isn't sure that's what she needs to do.
I think Mary has already done what she needed to do.
I think Mary could get hurt if she tries to do that.
I think Mary could do that for Tom if she wanted to.
I suppose Mary might not do what we asked her to do.
I should've asked Mary why she didn't leave earlier.
I should tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
I should tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
I should probably tell Mary that she has to do that.
I offered Mary a drink of vodka, but she refused it.
I never told Mary I wanted to go to Boston with her.
I never even got a chance to ask Mary if she'd help.
I need to talk to Mary about what she said she'd do.
I know Mary didn't do that when she was supposed to.
I intend to phone Mary tomorrow and ask her to help.
I hope that Mary likes the present I bought for her.
I heard Mary bragging about how much money she made.
I haven't heard from Mary since she moved to Boston.
I forgot to tell Mary to take her umbrella with her.
I expect that Mary won't do what you want her to do.
I doubt that Mary will be punished for what she did.
I don't think that Mary did her homework by herself.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom wants her to leave.
I don't think Mary knows what she's going to do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom expects her to do.
I don't think Mary knows she shouldn't do that here.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she should do.
I don't think Mary knows exactly what she has to do.
I don't know Mary well enough to ask her to do that.
I didn't want to bother Mary while she was studying.
I didn't think Mary would be exhausted, but she was.
I didn't tell Mary anything she didn't already know.
I didn't let Mary finish what she was trying to say.
I didn't know Mary would have to do that on her own.
I didn't know Mary would have to do that by herself.
I bet Mary thirty dollars that she couldn't do that.
I asked Mary why she wasn't at the party last night.
I asked Mary to come yesterday, but she didn't come.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go to a movie with me.
I almost told Mary what you told me not to tell her.
How did Mary talk Tom into babysitting her children?
How did Mary know she was supposed to be here today?
Does Mary really think she can take care of herself?
Do you think Mary would like me to help her do that?
Do you have any pictures of Mary when she was a kid?
Did Mary say she thought she didn't need to do that?
Did Mary say she thought she didn't have to do that?
Did Mary know that she was doing that the wrong way?
As a matter of fact, Mary didn't do that by herself.
You should've told Mary that she needed to do that.
Who did Mary think would want to go there with her?
When Mary was in kindergarten, she lived in Boston.
When Mary gets back, tell her to come to my office.
When Mary first told me that, I didn't believe her.
What makes you think Mary can take care of herself?
What happened to Mary? I haven't seen her recently.
We need to make sure Mary has everything she needs.
We have to get Mary someplace where she'll be safe.
We have no plans to replace Mary after she retires.
Was it you who told Mary she shouldn't leave early?
There were a lot of things Mary said she had to do.
The police handcuffed Mary and read her her rights.
Sometimes Mary does that and sometimes she doesn't.
Since Mary is sick, I'm sure she won't go swimming.
Please tell Mary she needs to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to do that today.
Please tell Mary she doesn't have to do that today.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's got to do that today.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that here.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she should do.
Maybe Mary doesn't know exactly what she has to do.
Mary's parents let her do whatever she wants to do.
Mary's parents let her do anything she wants to do.
Mary's father doesn't allow her to go out at night.
Mary's doctor suggested that she cut down on sugar.
Mary's doctor advised her not to eat between meals.
Mary writes everything down so she won't forget it.
Mary wouldn't tell me who she was planning to meet.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she didn't have to.
Mary wouldn't be happy if we forced her to do that.
Mary would've done that if she'd had the chance to.
Mary would've done that herself if she'd known how.
Mary would've done that by herself if she could've.
Mary wondered why she'd never seen Tom here before.
Mary wondered where Tom wanted her to park the car.
Mary wondered what to do with the wallet she found.
Mary won't have to do anything she doesn't want to.
Mary won't go to sleep unless you read her a story.
Mary won't be able to solve the problem by herself.
Mary won't be able to do that unless Tom helps her.
Mary woke up a little eelier than she usually does.
Mary will very likely be punished for what she did.
Mary will probably tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom that she can't do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she'll never leave him.
Mary will probably tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary will probably finish what she's doing by 2:30.
Mary will need at least $300 to buy what she needs.
Mary will likely be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary went out drinking with her friends last night.
Mary wasn't willing to do what we wanted her to do.
Mary wasn't willing to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary wasn't sure whether she should do that or not.
Mary wasn't sure when she was supposed to be there.
Mary wasn't aware that nobody was listening to her.
Mary wasn't able to do everything she wanted to do.
Mary wasn't able to do everything she needed to do.
Mary was walking too fast for us catch up with her.
Mary was walking too fast for me catch up with her.
Mary was surprised when Tom showed up at her party.
Mary was shocked when I told her what had happened.
Mary was probably about thirteen when she did that.
Mary was never able to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary was disappointed that she didn't win the race.
Mary was advised by Tom not to go there by herself.
Mary was able to do that well when she was younger.
Mary was a very good skier when she was a teenager.
Mary wants to make sure that doesn't happen to her.
Mary wants to know how she can lose weight quickly.
Mary wants me to give her money to buy a harmonica.
Mary wanted to know the reason Tom didn't like her.
Mary wanted everybody to know that she was unhappy.
Mary wanted Tom to understand why she had to leave.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her in front of the school.
Mary usually wears a wetsuit when she goes surfing.
Mary usually only wears glasses when she's reading.
Mary tried to tell Tom what she was planning to do.
Mary tried to stay awake, but she soon fell asleep.
Mary took a lot of pictures when she was in Boston.
Mary told us she didn't want to play poker with us.
Mary told us she didn't want to eat anything spicy.
Mary told me yesterday that she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she'd like to visit us in Boston.
Mary told me that she won't tell Tom what happened.
Mary told me that she was the first one to do that.
Mary told me that she was planning to study abroad.
Mary told me that she was planning to go to Boston.
Mary told me that she was interested in doing that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be worried.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be jealous.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be furious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be curious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be careful.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be at home.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was undependable.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was disorganized.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was disappointed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was conservative.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was ambidextrous.
Mary told me that she forgot where she hid the key.
Mary told me that she forgot all about the meeting.
Mary told me that she didn't expect that to happen.
Mary told me she wouldn't take up much of our time.
Mary told me she wouldn't be able to help me today.
Mary told me she wouldn't be able to do that today.
Mary told me she was looking forward to doing that.
Mary told me she wanted me to learn how to do that.
Mary told me she thought it would be OK to do that.
Mary told me she didn't want to spend time in jail.
Mary told me she didn't want to do that by herself.
Mary told me she didn't take French in high school.
Mary told me she didn't have any friends in Boston.
Mary told me she couldn't wait to get out of there.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't able to speak French.
Mary told Tom that she was going to try to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't worried.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't thirsty.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't sincere.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't nervous.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't married.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't jealous.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't correct.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unprepared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unemployed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was suspicious.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was prejudiced.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was interested.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was frustrated.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was frightened.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was downstairs.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was dependable.
Mary told Tom that she didn't want to study French.
Mary told Tom that she didn't want John to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think he'd been fair.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was upset.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was tired.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was right.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was ready.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was happy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was funny.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was drunk.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was crazy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was bossy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was bored.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was awake.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was angry.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was alone.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have time to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't feel like doing that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't believe in astrology.
Mary told Tom she'd eat dinner with John and Alice.
Mary told Tom she hoped she didn't have to do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't want him to do that again.
Mary thought she might not need to do that anymore.
Mary thought she might not have to do that anymore.
Mary thought she might not be permitted to do that.
Mary thought she might be allowed to do that today.
Mary thought Tom wouldn't likely come to her party.
Mary thought Tom would want him to do that for her.
Mary thought Tom would probably refuse to help her.
Mary thought Tom would be bored, but she was wrong.
Mary thought Tom lied to her about where he'd been.
Mary texted Tom to let him know that she'd be late.
Mary talked Tom into going to the concert with her.
Mary still hasn't told me why she wants to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she needs to do that.
Mary still doesn't think Tom can do that, does she?
Mary still doesn't look like she's having much fun.
Mary started to say something, but Tom stopped her.
Mary started learning French when she was thirteen.
Mary speaks French as if she were a native speaker.
Mary sometimes does that and sometimes she doesn't.
Mary sold some of the potatoes she'd bought to Tom.
Mary sold her car to Tom for three hundred dollars.
Mary showed me the money she found on the sidewalk.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom that she's going to Boston.
Mary shouldn't have gone out after dark by herself.
Mary should've done that the way Tom showed her.
Mary should tell Tom that she wants him to do that.
Mary should tell Tom she wants to find another job.
Mary should tell Tom she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she wants to do.
Mary should probably tell Tom what she needs to do.
Mary should probably tell Tom she'll never do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary should never have tried to do that on her own.
Mary should never have tried to do that by herself.
Mary should never have tried doing that on her own.
Mary should never have tried doing that by herself.
Mary seemed to be unaware of what she needed to do.
Mary seemed to be happy with the gift Tom gave her.
Mary says this will be the last time she does this.
Mary says this will be the last time she does that.
Mary says that she doesn't know anything about Tom.
Mary says she's considering dropping out of school.
Mary says she'll do that whether it's legal or not.
Mary says she'll do that again if Tom wants her to.
Mary says she'll be sticking around for a few days.
Mary says she understands why Tom wants to do that.
Mary says she thought she could do that by herself.
Mary says she thinks it might be stupid to do that.
Mary says she still remembers the time we did that.
Mary says she needs to talk to Tom about something.
Mary says she knows Tom won't pass his French test.
Mary says she isn't interested in doing that again.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't be afraid to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who wants to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who needs to do that.
Mary says she heard that Tom wanted to change jobs.
Mary says she doesn't want to sing with us anymore.
Mary says she doesn't want to go to Boston with us.
Mary says she doesn't think she could ever do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will do that today.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom is able to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
Mary says she doesn't intend to ever do that again.
Mary says she didn't know Tom was going to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to go sailing.
Mary saw what she was looking for on the top shelf.
Mary said this will be the last time she does that.
Mary said that wasn't the real reason she did that.
Mary said that she's looking forward to seeing you.
Mary said that she'd never formally studied French.
Mary said that she'd gone by the time we got there.
Mary said that she wasn't the first one to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't living in Boston anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't interested in doing that.
Mary said that she was very glad that she did that.
Mary said that she was very glad that Tom did that.
Mary said that she was sure that Tom would do that.
Mary said that she was planning to be here by 2:30.
Mary said that she was glad that we could be there.
Mary said that she was eager to eat lunch with Tom.
Mary said that she simply couldn't wait any longer.
Mary said that she might not be at school tomorrow.
Mary said that she didn't really like staying here.
Mary said that she didn't really intend to do that.
Mary said that she didn't know how to speak French.
Mary said that she didn't know anything about that.
Mary said that she and Tom can't come to our party.
Mary said that Tom's complaining didn't bother her.
Mary said she's never been to a Chinese restaurant.
Mary said she's going to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Mary said she's glad you were able to go yesterday.
Mary said she'll do that for you if you ask her to.
Mary said she'd try to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Mary said she'd help me do that if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to get home on Monday.
Mary said she'd be back before the end of the week.
Mary said she wouldn't help, but Tom said he would.
Mary said she wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Mary said she wouldn't be allowed to do that again.
Mary said she wished she could speak French better.
Mary said she wasn't going to sell the family farm.
Mary said she wasn't going Tom and Alice's wedding.
Mary said she was too short to reach the top shelf.
Mary said she was hoping we could do that together.
Mary said she was going to go to Boston to see Tom.
Mary said she wanted to buy one of Tom's paintings.
Mary said she wanted to ask me a personal question.
Mary said she wanted me to show her how to do that.
Mary said she thought you wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she thought we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Mary said she thought that would likely not happen.
Mary said she thought she was too drunk to do that.
Mary said she thought she knew what had to be done.
Mary said she thought she could do that by herself.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't need to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't like to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't have to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be willing to wait.
Mary said she thought Tom would be glad to see her.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was in his room studying.
Mary said she thought Tom was in his room sleeping.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to get more sleep.
Mary said she thought Tom might be able to do that.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that soon.
Mary said she saw Tom spanking one of his children.
Mary said she saw Tom and Alice kissing each other.
Mary said she regretted not following Tom's advice.
Mary said she needs to do that as soon as possible.
Mary said she needed money to buy something to eat.
Mary said she might walk home from school tomorrow.
Mary said she knew she might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might need to do that today.
Mary said she knew Tom might have to do that today.
Mary said she knew Tom might be allowed to do that.
Mary said she just wanted to buy something cheaper.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to help us today.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to do that today.
Mary said she hoped she never had to do that again.
Mary said she hoped she could learn how to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom could learn how to do that.
Mary said she had to go to the dentist's on Monday.
Mary said she doesn't think that's going to happen.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom will do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she doesn't care whether she wins or not.
Mary said she didn't want to watch TV this evening.
Mary said she didn't want to go to Boston with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to eat the stew Tom made.
Mary said she didn't want to eat leftovers anymore.
Mary said she didn't want Tom to come to her party.
Mary said she didn't think we should be doing that.
Mary said she didn't think she should say anything.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would let her drive.
Mary said she didn't think Tom should've done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom knew how to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom did that very often.
Mary said she didn't think Tom did that on purpose.
Mary said she didn't really care if she won or not.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom didn't like John.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom went to school.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was going to do that.
Mary said she didn't have to stay home to help Tom.
Mary said she didn't have to go to school tomorrow.
Mary said she didn't have to get up early tomorrow.
Mary said she didn't have much teaching experience.
Mary said she didn't have her phone with her today.
Mary said she didn't have as much free time as Tom.
Mary said she didn't have any friends to play with.
Mary said she didn't even want to think about that.
Mary said she couldn't find a decent place to live.
Mary said she assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she assumed Tom wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she asked Tom not to eat the last orange.
Mary said she arrived a few minutes before Tom did.
Mary said she I thought I should do that by myself.
Mary said it wasn't the first time she'd done that.
Mary said her father told her not to do that again.
Mary said Tom would probably go to Boston with her.
Mary said Tom wasn't as mad as she thought he'd be.
Mary said Tom knew she might be allowed to do that.
Mary refused to do what Tom told her she had to do.
Mary really doesn't want to tell Tom where she was.
Mary read a book while she was waiting for the bus.
Mary put the first aid kit back where she found it.
Mary promised she'd tell us as soon as Tom arrived.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't be late anymore.
Mary promised herself she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised Tom that she'd meet him after school.
Mary promised Tom that she'd come home early today.
Mary promised Tom she'd help him with his homework.
Mary probably won't be able to get home by herself.
Mary probably shouldn't tell Tom that she did that.
Mary probably doesn't know why Tom is ignoring her.
Mary probably doesn't know who's going to help her.
Mary pretended that she didn't hear Tom's question.
Mary planned to visit Tom the first chance she got.
Mary ordered beer for herself and red wine for Tom.
Mary often drank chocolate milk when she was a kid.
Mary may not be as busy today as she was yesterday.
Mary may have said that, but I don't think she did.
Mary may forget to do that if you don't remind her.
Mary made me promise not to tell Tom where she was.
Mary made it plain that she didn't want to do that.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want to help us.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want to do that.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want to be here.
Mary looked like she wasn't in a hurry to get home.
Mary locked herself in her room and won't come out.
Mary likes to listen to music while she's studying.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she didn't love him.
Mary learned French while she was living in Boston.
Mary laughed before she realized Tom wasn't joking.
Mary knows she shouldn't try doing that by herself.
Mary knew that she'd be able to do that eventually.
Mary knew that Tom didn't want to be seen with her.
Mary knew she might not need to do that by herself.
Mary knew she might not have to do that by herself.
Mary knew more about what happened than she let on.
Mary just found out that she has to move to Boston.
Mary isn't yet quite sure what she should be doing.
Mary isn't willing to do that unless Tom helps her.
Mary isn't really sure why she has to go to Boston.
Mary isn't likely to permit Tom to do that for her.
Mary isn't as tempted to do that as she used to be.
Mary isn't actually going to do that today, is she?
Mary is worried that something might happen to her.
Mary is saving up money so she can go to Australia.
Mary is never going to find what she's looking for.
Mary is never going to be able to do it by herself.
Mary is much smarter than most people think she is.
Mary is lonely because she has no one to play with.
Mary is going to sing that new song she just wrote.
Mary is going to need more money than what she has.
Mary is going to hurt herself if she's not careful.
Mary is going to hurt herself if she isn't careful.
Mary is going to get into trouble if she does that.
Mary is going to be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary is going to be really disappointed, isn't she?
Mary is always getting people to do things for her.
Mary is afraid that she's about to lose everything.
Mary hired Tom to work at her store on Park Street.
Mary helped herself to a cup of coffee and a donut.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she's supposed to do.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she's supposed to do yet.
Mary hasn't been talking very good care of herself.
Mary hasn't been doing that as often as she should.
Mary has told me she has to go to Boston next week.
Mary has told Tom that she doesn't need to do that.
Mary has told Tom that she doesn't have to do that.
Mary has managed to do everything she needed to do.
Mary has been living in Boston since she was three.
Mary has been living in Boston since she was a kid.
Mary has an upset stomach because she ate too much.
Mary has already told Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary has already told Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary had to do that even though she didn't want to.
Mary had something she needed to talk to Tom about.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she wanted.
Mary had enough money to buy everything she needed.
Mary got to the station just in time for her train.
Mary got back home sooner than I thought she would.
Mary found that she actually liked working for Tom.
Mary fell in love with her best friend's boyfriend.
Mary entered the room and shut the door behind her.
Mary enjoyed the time she spent in Boston with Tom.
Mary ended up taking the job that they offered her.
Mary drank the whole bottle of wine all by herself.
Mary drank a lot of coffee so she could stay awake.
Mary doubts if Tom will come to her birthday party.
Mary doesn't want to do that and I don't blame her.
Mary doesn't want to admit how much she misses Tom.
Mary doesn't trust anybody else to do that for her.
Mary doesn't think Tom would permit her to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom will be doing that with her.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she's talking about.
Mary doesn't seem to be enjoying herself very much.
Mary doesn't really think we can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't play tennis as often as she'd like to.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom kisses her in public.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't like her friends.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to park there.
Mary doesn't have to eat it if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have many photos of herself as a baby.
Mary doesn't have as much free time as she used to.
Mary didn't want to spend as much money as she did.
Mary didn't want to go, but her father made her go.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she had no choice.
Mary didn't want to come here, but she came anyway.
Mary didn't wake me up at 6:30 like I asked her to.
Mary didn't understand what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't think she'd ever get used to Thai food.
Mary didn't think I'd notice that she wasn't there.
Mary didn't tell anyone why she had gone to Boston.
Mary didn't tell anyone that she'd won the lottery.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she couldn't eat peanuts.
Mary didn't seem to remember what she needed to do.
Mary didn't seem to know who she needed to talk to.
Mary didn't seem to be aware of what she had to do.
Mary didn't seem convinced that she had to do that.
Mary didn't say anything about where she was going.
Mary didn't like sushi the first time she tried it.
Mary didn't know whether she needed do that or not.
Mary didn't know whether she had to do that or not.
Mary didn't know what kind of snake had bitten her.
Mary didn't know that what she was doing was wrong.
Mary didn't know that she was doing anything wrong.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that yesterday.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that today.
Mary didn't know how long she was supposed to wait.
Mary didn't know how long Tom expected her to wait.
Mary didn't know Tom thought she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't have to go there if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to eat that if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to do that, but she did it anyway.
Mary didn't have a dog the last time I visited her.
Mary didn't have a bicycle when she was growing up.
Mary didn't feel well, but she went to work anyway.
Mary didn't even try to pretend that she liked Tom.
Mary didn't eat the sandwich that Tom made for her.
Mary didn't do that as well as I thought she would.
Mary didn't do that as soon as I thought she would.
Mary didn't do that as quickly as she usually does.
Mary didn't deny that she was the one who did that.
Mary did everything she possibly could to help Tom.
Mary denied that she was the one who had done that.
Mary decided that she'd never try doing that again.
Mary cried as she read the letter she got from Tom.
Mary couldn't remember what she was supposed to do.
Mary couldn't remember what Tom had told her to do.
Mary couldn't read or write until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't make herself heard in the noisy club.
Mary couldn't get the tickets you asked her to buy.
Mary couldn't get Tom to tell her his phone number.
Mary couldn't afford to buy the bicycle she wanted.
Mary could've stayed home today if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've done that for Tom if she'd wanted to.
Mary confessed that she'd eaten all of the cookies.
Mary climbed up the ladder as quickly as she could.
Mary certainly isn't as smart as Tom thinks she is.
Mary can't play tennis as well as she says she can.
Mary can't forgive herself for what she did to Tom.
Mary can't be in Boston. I just saw her in Chicago.
Mary can stay here a little longer if she wants to.
Mary called to say she wasn't coming to work today.
Mary called me to tell me that she has a flat tire.
Mary bet Tom thirty dollars that she could do that.
Mary began skating when she was thirteen years old.
Mary began playing the drums when she was thirteen.
Mary assured Tom that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary asks me the same thing every time she sees me.
Mary asked me to help her with her French homework.
Mary asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked if she really had to do that by herself.
Mary asked Tom to meet her at John's house at 2:30.
Mary asked Tom to help decorate her Christmas tree.
Mary asked Tom if he knew why John didn't like her.
Mary answered all the questions that Tom asked her.
Mary admitted she didn't do what she said she'd do.
Mary admitted she did what Tom asked her not to do.
Mary accidentally locked herself out of her office.
Let's see if Mary can manage to do that by herself.
Let's get out of Mary's way and let her do her job.
It's way past the time Mary promised she'd be here.
It was hard for Mary to admit that she needed help.
It looks like Mary was able to get what she wanted.
If Mary had really wanted to do that, she would've.
If Mary finds out what Tom did, she won't be happy.
If Mary can help Tom, why can't she help John, too?
I've already told Mary she can't go to Tom's party.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't be forgiven if she did that.
I'm sure Mary appreciates what you've done for her.
I'm pretty sure that Mary can take care of herself.
I'm pretty sure Mary doesn't know what she's doing.
I'm not convinced that Mary can do that by herself.
I'll ask Mary if we can borrow some money from her.
I'd like to go to Mary's apartment and talk to her.
I would've hugged Mary if I'd thought she'd let me.
I wonder why Mary lied to us about what she'd done.
I wonder what Mary will do with her old motorcycle.
I wonder if Mary really thought she had to do that.
I wonder if Mary really knew she needed to do that.
I wish I'd done what Mary said she wanted me to do.
I wish I hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Mary I'd help her do that.
I was surprised when Mary told me why she did that.
I wanted Mary to stay longer, but she had to leave.
I told Mary that she should speak to you in French.
I told Mary that I wanted to go to Boston with her.
I told Mary she had only thirty minutes to do that.
I told Mary not to let go of the rope, but she did.
I told Mary I didn't want to go to Boston with her.
I thought Mary wouldn't like the book Tom gave her.
I thought Mary said she didn't want to get married.
I thought Mary said she didn't know how to do that.
I think we should let Mary go to Boston by herself.
I think we should ask Mary where she wants to live.
I think Mary would've helped us if she'd been here.
I think Mary might get in trouble if she does that.
I think Mary knows why we couldn't do that for her.
I think Mary has never done that by herself before.
I think Mary couldn't stop herself from doing that.
I think Mary could do that if she really wanted to.
I think Mary could do that by herself if she tried.
I think Mary could be the boss if she wanted to be.
I think I'll go visit Mary and see how she's doing.
I know Mary has enough money to buy what she wants.
I hope Mary knows she has to do that before Monday.
I hope Mary has enough money to buy what she needs.
I hope Mary didn't do what you asked her not to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what Tom asked her not to do.
I haven't seen Mary since she and Tom got divorced.
I forgot to remind Mary that she needed to do that.
I don't want to interrupt Mary while she's working.
I don't want to bother Mary while she was studying.
I don't think we should leave Mary here by herself.
I don't think Mary will do what we asked her to do.
I don't think Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom wants her to buy.
I don't think Mary knows that Tom doesn't like her.
I don't think Mary knows that I think she's stupid.
I don't think Mary knows how much time she'll need.
I don't think Mary could do that even if she tried.
I didn't wake Mary up at 6:30 like she asked me to.
I didn't think Mary would be doing that by herself.
I didn't think Mary would be confused, but she was.
I didn't realize that Mary wasn't enjoying herself.
I didn't know Mary was going to do that by herself.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go to Boston with me.
I asked Mary if she knew anybody who taught French.
How many of Mary's paintings have you sold for her?
How did Mary persuade Tom to go to Boston with her?
How did Mary get Tom to help her with her homework?
Have you ever asked Mary why she enjoys doing that?
Don't you think Mary could've done that by herself?
Does Mary still go bowling as often as she used to?
Do you think Mary would like me to do that for her?
Do you really think Mary likes the gift I gave her?
Do you know Mary well enough to ask her to do that?
Did you tell Mary that she shouldn't be doing that?
Did Mary tell you she asked Tom to babysit tonight?
Did Mary say who was going to help her fix her car?
Did Mary say she thought we didn't need to do that?
Did Mary say she thought we didn't have to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't think we needed to do that?
Did Mary say how she was planning to get to Boston?
As soon as Mary finished eating, she left for work.
Are you going to give Mary the money she asked for?
Are you certain that Mary can take care of herself?
Almost all of Mary's ex-husbands still talk to her.
You told me Mary was sick in bed. Why is she here?
You should've told Mary why she needed to do that.
You should tell Mary that you want her to do that.
You should talk to Mary and tell her how you feel.
You gave Mary the money she asked for, didn't you?
You asked Mary why she had to do that, didn't you?
Yesterday, Mary told me she couldn't speak French.
Wouldn't it be better if Mary did that by herself?
When Mary was young, she ate three eggs every day.
What would've happened to Mary if she'd done that?
What time did Mary say she wanted to take a break?
We're not entirely sure why Mary did what she did.
We'll probably never know why Mary killed herself.
We should call Mary and see if she needs any help.
They promised Mary that she'd be paid $30 an hour.
There's no way Mary could've done this by herself.
The last time I saw Mary she didn't look too well.
Tell Mary that when she's finished, she can leave.
Someone needs to tell Mary what's expected of her.
Since Mary had a little free time, she took a nap.
Please tell Mary that she doesn't need to do that.
Please tell Mary that she doesn't have to do that.
Please tell Mary she needs to do that before 2:30.
No matter what Mary wears, she always looks great.
Maybe Mary was really as busy as she said she was.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she's supposed to do that.
Mary's parents got divorced when she was thirteen.
Mary's parents allow her to do whatever she wants.
Mary's parents allow her to do anything she wants.
Mary's office is three miles from where she lives.
Mary's mother told her to quit jumping on her bed.
Mary's kids were here a while ago looking for her.
Mary's friends knew she was having money problems.
Mary's family is coming to visit her next weekend.
Mary's bicycle was blue before she painted it red.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she'd put my car keys.
Mary wouldn't have sung if we hadn't asked her to.
Mary wouldn't have done that if she hadn't had to.
Mary wouldn't be doing that if she didn't have to.
Mary would've done that if she'd really wanted to.
Mary would've done that if Tom hadn't stopped her.
Mary would be surprised if she saw Tom doing that.
Mary would be disappointed if she saw you do that.
Mary wondered what Tom was going to ask her to do.
Mary wondered how much time she'd have to do that.
Mary wondered how long she'd have to wait for Tom.
Mary won't tell anyone where she was last weekend.
Mary won't likely tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary won't get there on time if she doesn't hurry.
Mary won't be able to do that unless you help her.
Mary wishes she could speak French as well as Tom.
Mary wished she hadn't borrowed the book from Tom.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she wants to buy.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary will get herself killed if she's not careful.
Mary will do that for you if you ask her politely.
Mary went out of her way to make Tom feel at home.
Mary wasn't willing to do what we asked her to do.
Mary wasn't thirsty, so she didn't drink anything.
Mary wasn't there for me when I really needed her.
Mary wasn't scared to go into the cave by herself.
Mary wasn't able to find what she was looking for.
Mary was wearing a black hat when I first met her.
Mary was walking too fast for me keep up with her.
Mary was unwilling to do what we wanted her to do.
Mary was thirteen when she moved here from Boston.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she'd do that.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she loved him.
Mary was hoping she could persuade Tom to do that.
Mary wants to spend the rest of her life with Tom.
Mary wanted to leave, but I persuaded her to stay.
Mary wanted the rest of the money that I owed her.
Mary wanted me to tell Tom that she wasn't coming.
Mary wanted me to give her enough time to do that.
Mary wanted Tom to write a recommendation for her.
Mary wanted Tom to help her clean the living room.
Mary used to play tennis, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary tried to catch up with Tom, but she couldn't.
Mary treated herself to a large dish of ice cream.
Mary told us the reason why she didn't want to go.
Mary told me why she wanted me to do that for her.
Mary told me why she wanted me to do that for Tom.
Mary told me that she's grateful for all our help.
Mary told me that she'll be in Boston next Monday.
Mary told me that she'd like to buy a new bicycle.
Mary told me that she was the last one to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be scared.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was trustworthy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sympathetic.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was interesting.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was intelligent.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was incompetent.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was embarrassed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was discouraged.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was a good cook.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been unfair.
Mary told me that she finished doing that by 2:30.
Mary told me that she enjoys hanging out with Tom.
Mary told me that she could get us what we wanted.
Mary told me she'd studied French for three years.
Mary told me she was planning to retire next year.
Mary told me she was going to go home early today.
Mary told me she has a few things to take care of.
Mary told me she had an old computer I could have.
Mary told me she didn't have as much money as Tom.
Mary told me later that she wasn't really married.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him, but she didn't.
Mary told Tom that she'd been waiting a long time.
Mary told Tom that she'd been miserable in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she was in Boston last weekend.
Mary told Tom that she was happy that he did that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John would be late.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't sleepy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't scared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't lonely.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't hungry.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't asleep.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't afraid.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was surprised.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was skeptical.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was incorrect.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was impressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was depressed.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was conceited.
Mary told Tom that she thought John had gone home.
Mary told Tom that she thought John had done that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John could do that.
Mary told Tom that she had a lot of fun in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she didn't want him to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was well.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was lost.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was lazy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was home.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was busy.
Mary told Tom that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have to do anything.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have anything to do.
Mary told Tom that he didn't have to wait for her.
Mary told Tom she'd never do anything to hurt him.
Mary told Tom she wanted to go to Boston with him.
Mary told Tom she knew how to eat with chopsticks.
Mary told Tom she didn't want him to go to Boston.
Mary told Tom I couldn't do that without her help.
Mary thought she was going to get a higher salary.
Mary thought she was going to be able to meet Tom.
Mary thought she might not be required to do that.
Mary thought she might need to do that by herself.
Mary thought she might have to do that by herself.
Mary thought she might be coming down with a cold.
Mary thought Tom would be awake when she got home.
Mary thought Tom was going to tell her what to do.
Mary thinks there's a good chance she'll find Tom.
Mary thinks she left her French textbook at Tom's.
Mary thinks she can probably take care of herself.
Mary thinks Tom won't be awake when she gets home.
Mary thanked Tom for letting her use his computer.
Mary tells me you're better at French than she is.
Mary stopped for something to eat on her way home.
Mary still says that she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary still hasn't done what we've asked her to do.
Mary still has a lot to do before she can go home.
Mary still drinks, but not as much as she used to.
Mary still doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Mary stayed home from school because she was sick.
Mary started eating the sandwich Tom made for her.
Mary speaks French better than she speaks English.
Mary signed the papers that Tom asked her to sign.
Mary showed up early so she could get a good seat.
Mary shouldn't have been doing what she was doing.
Mary should've lied to Tom about where she'd been.
Mary should've kissed Tom when she had the chance.
Mary should've asked Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary should do that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary should be able to change the tire by herself.
Mary says that she's not interested in doing that.
Mary says that she'd like to do that this evening.
Mary says that she isn't interested in doing that.
Mary says that she does that several times a week.
Mary says she's sorry that she caused you trouble.
Mary says she's going to try to help you find Tom.
Mary says she's climbed this mountain three times.
Mary says she's been thinking about what Tom said.
Mary says she wants to learn how to play the oboe.
Mary says she wants to learn how to drive a truck.
Mary says she thinks she can take care of herself.
Mary says she thinks it's not possible to do that.
Mary says she thinks it isn't possible to do that.
Mary says she saw someone climbing over the fence.
Mary says she never feels like doing that anymore.
Mary says she just couldn't permit Tom to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't want her to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't tell her to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he ought to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he needs to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't refuse to do that.
Mary says she heard Tom was pretty good at French.
Mary says she hasn't seen Tom since they broke up.
Mary says she has three other suggestions to make.
Mary says she doesn't want to ask Tom to help her.
Mary says she doesn't want me hanging around here.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that today.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom wanted to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom needed to do that.
Mary says she doesn't really feel like doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom went to Boston.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom has to do that.
Mary says she doesn't have the courage to do that.
Mary says she doesn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Mary says she doesn't care whether we stay or not.
Mary says she doesn't blame Tom for what happened.
Mary says she doesn't believe you really did that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom really did that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wasn't able to swim.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to eat pizza.
Mary says she didn't know Tom helped John do that.
Mary says she and Tom are planning to get married.
Mary says it doesn't matter to her if you do that.
Mary says if Tom doesn't do that, she'll be angry.
Mary said we could ask her any questions we liked.
Mary said that was the first time she'd done that.
Mary said that she's supposed to do that tomorrow.
Mary said that she wasn't studying French anymore.
Mary said that she was very interested in archery.
Mary said that she was very determined to do that.
Mary said that she was going camping next weekend.
Mary said that she wanted to learn how to do that.
Mary said that she thought Tom was getting hungry.
Mary said that she thought Boston was a safe city.
Mary said that she had a lot of fun at your party.
Mary said that she didn't think Tom could do that.
Mary said that she didn't really enjoy doing that.
Mary said that she couldn't wait to see Tom again.
Mary said that she couldn't possibly eat any more.
Mary said she's sure Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she's ready to do whatever is necessary.
Mary said she's quicker at doing that than Tom is.
Mary said she's been waiting for over three hours.
Mary said she's been asked not to do that anymore.
Mary said she's always been pretty good at sports.
Mary said she'd never go to that restaurant again.
Mary said she'd like to go back to Boston someday.
Mary said she'd help me figure out how to do that.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to do that yesterday.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to do that on Monday.
Mary said she'd do that for you if you ask her to.
Mary said she'd do that for me if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd be going back to Boston on Monday.
Mary said she'd be able to do that this afternoon.
Mary said she'd be able to do that in a few hours.
Mary said she wouldn't want to do that by herself.
Mary said she wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor.
Mary said she wouldn't like to do that by herself.
Mary said she wouldn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary said she wouldn't do that, so I asked Tom to.
Mary said she wouldn't do that again, but she did.
Mary said she wouldn't buy any of Tom's paintings.
Mary said she won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Mary said she wished you wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she wished Tom would eat healthier food.
Mary said she wasn't permitted to do that anymore.
Mary said she wasn't in the mood to do that today.
Mary said she wasn't going to wait for permission.
Mary said she wasn't aware that Tom had done that.
Mary said she was willing to babysit our children.
Mary said she was too old to go mountain climbing.
Mary said she was the only one who had to do that.
Mary said she was the one who was driving the car.
Mary said she was sorry that she couldn't help me.
Mary said she was kidnapped when she was thirteen.
Mary said she was hoping we could travel together.
Mary said she was going to talk to Tom about that.
Mary said she wanted to visit Tom in the hospital.
Mary said she wanted to go to Boston to visit Tom.
Mary said she wanted to finish what she was doing.
Mary said she wanted to be an electrical engineer.
Mary said she wanted me to teach her how to drive.
Mary said she tried to help Tom with his homework.
Mary said she thought she wouldn't be able to win.
Mary said she thought she should ask Tom to leave.
Mary said she thought she knew what Tom had to do.
Mary said she thought doing that wouldn't be safe.
Mary said she thought Tom would forget to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't ready to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was unlikely to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom needed to do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom had finished doing that.
Mary said she thought I might not want to do that.
Mary said she thought I might not need to do that.
Mary said she thought I might not have to do that.
Mary said she thinks she can take care of herself.
Mary said she thinks Tom won't be able to do that.
Mary said she thinks Tom can't eat dairy products.
Mary said she thinks Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she suspected that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she shouldn't have done that by herself.
Mary said she saw Tom playing badminton with John.
Mary said she saw Tom in the park just after 2:30.
Mary said she remembers asking Tom not to do that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't be busy on Monday.
Mary said she might go to Boston in a week or two.
Mary said she may stay in Boston for a few months.
Mary said she learned how to do that the hard way.
Mary said she knew why Tom wasn't able to do that.
Mary said she knew we wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom wouldn't win the race.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't be late again today.
Mary said she hopes Tom tries his best to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would come to her concert.
Mary said she hasn't yet talked to Tom about that.
Mary said she hasn't talked to Tom about that yet.
Mary said she has a lot of homework to do tonight.
Mary said she had something important to tell Tom.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom enjoys doing that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom does that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't have very much money on her.
Mary said she doesn't have enough time to do that.
Mary said she doesn't even want to think about it.
Mary said she didn't want to study French anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to sing with us anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to go to Boston with me.
Mary said she didn't want to go swimming with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to force you to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to do anything with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to buy anything for Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to allow Tom to do that.
Mary said she didn't think the smell bothered Tom.
Mary said she didn't think the noise bothered Tom.
Mary said she didn't think that actually happened.
Mary said she didn't think she'd enjoy doing that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would've done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had ever done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom could've done that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom could speak French.
Mary said she didn't know Tom wasn't able to swim.
Mary said she didn't know Tom was able to do that.
Mary said she didn't have to stay in the hospital.
Mary said she didn't have to do that until Monday.
Mary said she didn't have the strength to do that.
Mary said she didn't have the patience to do that.
Mary said she didn't believe that really happened.
Mary said she couldn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary said she can't eat that much food by herself.
Mary said it was more difficult than she expected.
Mary said doing that was harder than she expected.
Mary said doing that was easier than she expected.
Mary said Tom was asleep by the time she got home.
Mary said Tom told her she was sick of doing that.
Mary said I should've asked her to do that for me.
Mary realized there was nothing more she could do.
Mary read a magazine while she waited for the bus.
Mary promised that she wouldn't lie to me anymore.
Mary promised me she'd never come back here again.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't drink anymore.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary probably won't be able to do that on her own.
Mary probably won't be able to do that by herself.
Mary probably shouldn't tell Tom why she did that.
Mary probably shouldn't tell Tom how she did that.
Mary probably doesn't know what she did was wrong.
Mary probably doesn't know how she should do that.
Mary pretended she didn't know what was happening.
Mary plans to start doing that as soon as she can.
Mary never forgets to tell Tom that she loves him.
Mary needed someone to help her with her homework.
Mary moved over so that Tom could sit next to her.
Mary might even be richer than we thought she was.
Mary looked like she wasn't in a hurry to do that.
Mary looked around, but she couldn't see anything.
Mary lived in a small town until she was thirteen.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she didn't do that.
Mary learned how to drive when she was a teenager.
Mary knows she's not very good at speaking French.
Mary knows she's not supposed to help Tom do that.
Mary knew there wasn't much she could do about it.
Mary knew there was nothing she could do about it.
Mary knew that I'd be gone by the time she got there.
Mary knew she wasn't likely to be able to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have anything to worry about.
Mary isn't willing to do that unless you help her.
Mary isn't still wearing her wedding ring, is she?
Mary isn't likely to be hungry when she gets here.
Mary isn't likely to allow Tom to do that for her.
Mary isn't doing that because Tom told her not to.
Mary isn't as good at French as she thinks she is.
Mary isn't as busy this week as she was last week.
Mary is upset with Tom because he didn't help her.
Mary is trying to figure out what she needs to do.
Mary is the best student in your class, isn't she?
Mary is sure that she'll be able to pass the test.
Mary is still sitting in her car, waiting for Tom.
Mary is starting to sound exactly like her father.
Mary is probably not as young as you think she is.
Mary is probably not as smart as you think she is.
Mary is probably not as happy as you think she is.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary is pretty sure that she'll pass today's exam.
Mary is old enough to do that on her own, I think.
Mary is now richer than she ever thought she'd be.
Mary is much richer than most people think she is.
Mary is lucky that so many people have helped her.
Mary is happier than I've seen her in a long time.
Mary is going to love the present you got for her.
Mary is going to get fired if she doesn't do that.
Mary is going to do that as soon as she gets home.
Mary is going to be very tired when she gets home.
Mary is going to be very sorry she didn't do that.
Mary is going to be very happy she didn't do that.
Mary is going to be in Boston all week, isn't she?
Mary is from Boston, but now she lives in Chicago.
Mary is fortunate that she's permitted to do that.
Mary introduced me to her new boyfriend yesterday.
Mary introduced her stepson to Tom's stepdaughter.
Mary hopes that she doesn't have to do that again.
Mary hopes that Tom will teach her how to do that.
Mary hopes she'll be able to do that next October.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she's supposed to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she's supposed to do yet.
Mary has told you about what happened, hasn't she?
Mary has refused to do what we've asked her to do.
Mary has promised that she'll never be late again.
Mary has known how to do that since she was three.
Mary has enough money to do anything she wants to.
Mary has enough money to buy everything she wants.
Mary has enough money to buy everything she needs.
Mary has decided she's the one who should do that.
Mary has been told that she's required to do that.
Mary has been speaking French since she was a kid.
Mary has been fired from every job she's ever had.
Mary has already bought what Tom asked her to buy.
Mary has a list of people to she wants to talk to.
Mary hardly ever does what you'd expect her to do.
Mary had to borrow money from Tom to pay her rent.
Mary had a rich uncle who left her a lot of money.
Mary had a fairly good job until she got laid off.
Mary got out of the bathtub and dried herself off.
Mary got her first chance to do that this morning.
Mary freaked out when she heard what Tom had done.
Mary found a job not too far from where she lives.
Mary found Tom's umbrella in the trunk of her car.
Mary finally managed to buy everything she needed.
Mary filled her glass and then filled one for Tom.
Mary fell in love with Tom the moment she met him.
Mary eventually did everything we asked her to do.
Mary dropped out of college when she was a junior.
Mary dropped everything she was doing to help Tom.
Mary doubts that she'll be able get there on time.
Mary doesn't want to study French, but she has to.
Mary doesn't understand what you expect her to do.
Mary doesn't trust anyone else to do that for her.
Mary doesn't think she'll ever be able to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll be permitted to do that.
Mary doesn't think she wants to do that right now.
Mary doesn't think Tom would allow her to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom will permit her to do that.
Mary doesn't really want to eat with us, does she?
Mary doesn't really think I can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't need to go there unless she wants to.
Mary doesn't know why Tom and John don't like her.
Mary doesn't know what she's supposed to be doing.
Mary doesn't know she's not likely to be punished.
Mary doesn't know she'll never be able to do that.
Mary doesn't know how to explain how she did that.
Mary doesn't know Tom, but she'd like to meet him.
Mary doesn't have to go there unless she wants to.
Mary doesn't have any idea how much Tom loves her.
Mary doesn't carry much with her when she travels.
Mary doesn't care what other people say about her.
Mary didn't want to tell anybody where she'd been.
Mary didn't want to stop doing what she was doing.
Mary didn't want me to help her with her homework.
Mary didn't think that anyone would recognize her.
Mary didn't think Tom would permit her to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wouldn't be at his party.
Mary didn't tell Tom she didn't intend to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be enjoying herself very much.
Mary didn't learn how to do that from her parents.
Mary didn't know why she'd been chosen to do that.
Mary didn't know when she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know what to say, so she said nothing.
Mary didn't know that she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she needed to do that today.
Mary didn't know that Tom expected her to do that.
Mary didn't know she no longer needed to help Tom.
Mary didn't know how long she should wait for Tom.
Mary didn't know exactly what was expected of her.
Mary didn't have to tell me, but I'm glad she did.
Mary didn't have to do that if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't do that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary didn't believe Tom when he said he loved her.
Mary didn't actually want to eat with us, did she?
Mary didn't act like she really wanted to be here.
Mary did better today than she's ever done before.
Mary did a lot better today than she usually does.
Mary deleted all of Tom's pictures from her phone.
Mary decided not to tell Tom that she was leaving.
Mary cried herself to sleep every night last week.
Mary couldn't find anyone to give her a ride home.
Mary couldn't do what we were hoping she could do.
Mary couldn't do it, so she asked Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't afford to buy everything she needed.
Mary could've been scared, but she didn't show it.
Mary could think of no reason why she should stay.
Mary could never do what you are asking her to do.
Mary concealed the fact that she'd been in prison.
Mary closed the curtains before she got undressed.
Mary chuckled to herself as she read Tom's letter.
Mary can't really be as rich as people say she is.
Mary can't really be as mean as people say she is.
Mary can't do that alone. I hope Tom can help her.
Mary can't do it alone. Could you please help her?
Mary can tell me what happened when she gets here.
Mary can come over to my place whenever she wants.
Mary called to say she wouldn't be home for lunch.
Mary called Tom every bad name she could think of.
Mary bet me thirty dollars that she could do that.
Mary began to write poems when she was very young.
Mary assured us that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary asked Tom what she should bring to the party.
Mary asked Tom to tell her why he was leaving her.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to play the flute.
Mary asked Tom to help her, but he didn't want to.
Mary asked Tom if he'd help her with her homework.
Mary apparently went to the lighthouse by herself.
Mary apparently didn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary admitted that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't have any experience.
Mary admitted she did what we asked her not to do.
Mary admitted she did what she promised not to do.
Mary admitted she did what Tom told her not to do.
Mary admits she's been doing that for a long time.
If you see Mary, ask her how her husband is doing.
If you have a question for Mary, ask her yourself.
If you give me Mary's phone number, I'll call her.
If Mary's not careful, she's going to get injured.
If Mary really had wanted to do that, she would've
If Mary messes up again, she's going to get fired.
If Mary doesn't want to help, she doesn't have to.
I'm sure Mary will tell us if she needs something.
I'm sure Mary will do anything Tom asks her to do.
I'm pretty sure Mary did that while she was drunk.
I'm not going to let Mary go to Boston by herself.
I'm going to tell Mary what I really think of her.
I'll text Mary and see if she wants to go with us.
I'll tell Mary to call you as soon as she gets in.
I wouldn't allow Mary to do what she wanted to do.
I wonder whether Mary really regrets what she did.
I wonder if Mary really did what she said she did.
I wonder if Mary really did what Tom said she did.
I wish Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she should do that.
I wasn't the one who told Mary she had to do that.
I was surprised when Mary told me what she'd done.
I was surprised when Mary told me she'd done that.
I was going to tell Mary what we expect her to do.
I told Mary that I wouldn't go to Boston with her.
I told Mary not to do that, but she did it anyway.
I told Mary I'd be willing to loan her some money.
I told Mary I wouldn't do what she asked me to do.
I told Mary I wanted her to teach me how to drive.
I thought Mary would have all the time she needed.
I thought Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
I think Mary will be exhausted when she gets home.
I think Mary will be able to do that if she tries.
I think Mary shouldn't tell Tom that she did that.
I think Mary should be able to do that by herself.
I think Mary might not want to do that by herself.
I think Mary isn't sure that's what she has to do.
I think Mary could've done that faster by herself.
I think Mary could do that today if she wanted to.
I think Mary could be a teacher if she wanted to be.
I talked to Mary today about what she plans to do.
I should've told Mary why she had to go to Boston.
I should've never let Mary go swimming by herself.
I saw Mary a few minutes ago and she looked tired.
I promised Mary I'd listen to what she had to say.
I looked all over for Mary, but couldn't find her.
I know Mary didn't leave when she was supposed to.
I hope Mary knows why she doesn't need to do that.
I hope Mary knows why she doesn't have to do that.
I hope Mary didn't do what you told her not to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what we asked her not to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what Tom told her not to do.
I forgot to tell Mary what she was supposed to do.
I forgot to ask Mary what you asked me to ask her.
I fell in love with Mary the first time I saw her.
I emailed Mary and told her I'd be busy next week.
I don't want Mary to go out after dark by herself.
I don't think Mary would do what you said she did.
I don't think Mary loves me as much as I love her.
I don't think Mary likes you the way you like her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is scared of her.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is afraid of her.
I don't think Mary knows what she's talking about.
I don't think Mary knows what she needs to do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what Tom wants her to do.
I don't think Mary knows she has to do that today.
I don't know why Mary doesn't want me to help her.
I didn't think Mary would go to Boston by herself.
I didn't think Mary would eat what I made for her.
I didn't show Mary the pictures she wanted to see.
I didn't know Mary was going to Boston by herself.
I didn't know Mary until Tom introduced her to me.
I couldn't help Mary do what she was trying to do.
I asked Mary when she had started studying French.
I asked Mary what she thought was going to happen.
I asked Mary not to go there, but she went anyway.
How did Mary get you to help her clean the garage?
Have you ever asked Mary why she likes doing that?
Eventually, Mary will realize that she needs help.
Even though Mary had a bad cold, she went to work.
Does Mary still do the same things she used to do?
Does Mary really think she can do that by herself?
Does Mary really think Tom is younger than she is?
Does Mary really think Tom enjoys eating with her?
Do you think Mary will like the gift I bought her?
Do you think Mary can really take care of herself?
Do you remember what time Mary said she'd be here?
Do you really think Mary can take care of herself?
Did you ask Mary who helped her with her homework?
Did you ask Mary what she thought the problem was?
Did Mary tell you how long it took her to do that?
Did Mary really want Tom to go to Boston with her?
Could you please tell Mary that I need to see her?
Are you sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do?
Are you sure Mary didn't do what she said she did?
Are you sure Mary didn't do what Tom said she did?
You seem convinced that Mary did that by herself.
You asked Mary to do that by herself, didn't you?
You asked Mary if she had to do that, didn't you?
Why don't you ask Mary what she's planning to do?
Why didn't you tell Mary that she had to do that?
Why didn't you give Mary the money she asked for?
Whenever Mary comes to Boston, she stays with us.
When Mary left, I told her she'd be back someday.
What time did Mary say she was going to get here?
What time did Mary say she wanted us to be there?
We must make sure that Mary doesn't hurt herself.
Unfortunately, Mary did what you told her not to.
There's no way Mary will ever do that by herself.
The reason Mary isn't here is because she's sick.
The reason Mary got sick was because she overate.
The last time I saw Mary, she was on a stretcher.
The last time I saw Mary she was eating an apple.
Tell Mary we're going to meet her at the airport.
Tell Mary she's going to have to work late today.
Tell Mary I grew up in Boston, just like she did.
Please tell Mary she has to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Mary I'll pick her up at the station.
My advice is to tell Mary what she wants to know.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she has to do that today.
Mary's parents are too strict to let her do that.
Mary wrote to Tom to tell him that she loved him.
Mary wouldn't tell me who gave her that envelope.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary wouldn't go to Boston if she didn't have to.
Mary would've eaten more if she hadn't been sick.
Mary would sing another song if you asked her to.
Mary wondered why nobody had told her about that.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't want to talk to her.
Mary won't tell me who gave her those binoculars.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary won't likely be as careful as she should be.
Mary won't be able to do what you want her to do.
Mary wished that she knew Tom's telephone number.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom quit doing that.
Mary will unlikely be able to do that by herself.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she wants to do.
Mary will probably tell Tom what she needs to do.
Mary will probably tell Tom she'll never do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she doesn't like him.
Mary will probably get punished if she does that.
Mary will probably get arrested if she does that.
Mary will probably be starved when she gets home.
Mary will pay me back what she owes me on Monday.
Mary will be absent today because she has a cold.
Mary wasn't surprised when she saw Tom in Boston.
Mary wasn't sure they'd let her stay on the team.
Mary wasn't convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary wasn't able to tell Tom how she really felt.
Mary wasn't able to do that until she was thirty.
Mary wasn't able to do anything she wanted to do.
Mary wasn't able to do anything she needed to do.
Mary was unwilling to do what we asked her to do.
Mary was told that she isn't required to do that.
Mary was lying when she said she didn't know Tom.
Mary was lying to Tom when she said she did that.
Mary was eating an apple the last time I saw her.
Mary was convinced that she'd be able to do that.
Mary was absent from school because she was sick.
Mary was a pretty good singer when she was young.
Mary wants you to do that so she doesn't have to.
Mary wants to know if she can come over and play.
Mary wants to buy a car, but she can't afford to.
Mary wanted to explain, but Tom wouldn't let her.
Mary wanted Tom to know that she didn't hate him.
Mary wanted Tom to help her clean out the garage.
Mary usually reads when she's waiting for people.
Mary usually helps anybody who asks her for help.
Mary used to play the piano when she was younger.
Mary used to do that when she was in high school.
Mary tried to get Tom to go to the park with her.
Mary tried to get Tom to do her homework for her.
Mary told me to meet her in front of the theater.
Mary told me that she's interested in doing that.
Mary told me that she'd be in Boston next Monday.
Mary told me that she'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be upset.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be early.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be angry.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be alone.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was unemployed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was suspicious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was prejudiced.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was overweight.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was interested.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was frustrated.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was frightened.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was downstairs.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was dependable.
Mary told me that she has decided not to do that.
Mary told me that she doesn't think Tom did that.
Mary told me that she and Tom were still married.
Mary told me she'd walk to work tomorrow morning.
Mary told me she wouldn't be staying much longer.
Mary told me she wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Mary told me she wasn't going to do that anymore.
Mary told me she usually eats breakfast at seven.
Mary told me she doesn't want to do that anymore.
Mary told me she didn't want to do that that way.
Mary told me she didn't actually want to do that.
Mary told me she couldn't remember what happened.
Mary told me she already knew she had to do that.
Mary told me I was the one she wanted to talk to.
Mary told Tom why she didn't want him to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd go to Boston in October.
Mary told Tom that she'd be reluctant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Mary told Tom that she was in Boston last Monday.
Mary told Tom that she was going to go to Boston.
Mary told Tom that she was going to be home late.
Mary told Tom that she was determined to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was be obliged to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought you could do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't tired.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't ready.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't happy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't broke.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't bored.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't awake.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't angry.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't alone.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was upstairs.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was stubborn.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was prepared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was mistaken.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was innocent.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was impolite.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was handsome.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was creative.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was confused.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was annoying.
Mary told Tom that she thought Alice wasn't cute.
Mary told Tom that she had a long talk with John.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was mad.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was fat.
Mary told Tom that John was a good friend of her.
Mary told Tom she'd never eat anything John made.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't let him go by himself.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't go to Boston with him.
Mary told Tom she was going to eat lunch at home.
Mary told Tom she thought it was time to go home.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that by herself.
Mary thought she was going to be able to do that.
Mary thought she might not need to do that again.
Mary thought she might not have to do that again.
Mary thought she might not be allowed to do that.
Mary surprised all of us when she went to Boston.
Mary still hasn't told me why she has to do that.
Mary still hasn't told me why she had to do that.
Mary still hasn't done what she's supposed to do.
Mary still doesn't know why she needs to do that.
Mary started playing drums when she was thirteen.
Mary spoke quietly so she wouldn't wake the baby.
Mary spent the money her father gave her on beer.
Mary sipped the wine that Tom had poured for her.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom she doesn't like her job.
Mary should've done that when she had the chance.
Mary should've done that the way you told her to.
Mary should've done that the way Tom told her to.
Mary should probably tell Tom to do that for her.
Mary sells most of the vegetables that she grows.
Mary seldom does what she says she's going to do.
Mary seemed to be aware of what she needed to do.
Mary seemed convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary says that someday she'll be able to do that.
Mary says that she's willing to do that for free.
Mary says that she'll be at the meeting tomorrow.
Mary says that she has to go to Boston next week.
Mary says that she can't prove that Tom did that.
Mary says she's tired of everybody's complaining.
Mary says she's no longer interested in painting.
Mary says she's always been interested in sports.
Mary says she's already talked to Tom about that.
Mary says she'll do whatever she can to help Tom.
Mary says she'd be willing to loan us some money.
Mary says she won't do that unless Tom helps her.
Mary says she was in Boston the week before last.
Mary says she wants to learn how to speak French.
Mary says she wants to ask me a lot of questions.
Mary says she thought Tom would enjoy doing that.
Mary says she thinks it might be easy to do that.
Mary says she plans to be in Boston next weekend.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to help her.
Mary says she needs to find somebody to help Tom.
Mary says she knows Tom wanted to move to Boston.
Mary says she just wants to get something to eat.
Mary says she just couldn't allow Tom to do that.
Mary says she isn't in the mood to do that today.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't ask her to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who has to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom can take care of himself.
Mary says she has something to do this afternoon.
Mary says she expects Tom to do that later today.
Mary says she doesn't want to go to school today.
Mary says she doesn't want to go skiing with Tom.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that by herself.
Mary says she doesn't want to ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think that'll happen today.
Mary says she doesn't think she ought to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom wants to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom ought to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom needs to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom likes to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom likes doing that.
Mary says she doesn't really know how to do that.
Mary says she doesn't really know how old Tom is.
Mary says she doesn't need to do that right away.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom is doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know where she should park.
Mary says she doesn't know what made her do that.
Mary says she doesn't know if she has to do that.
Mary says she doesn't know how Tom stays so thin.
Mary says she doesn't know anything about Boston.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that right away.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that by herself.
Mary says she doesn't have time to eat right now.
Mary says she doesn't have time to do that today.
Mary says she doesn't have the energy to do that.
Mary says she doesn't have any desire to do that.
Mary says she doesn't feel like eating right now.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that today.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that again.
Mary says she doesn't ever want to do that again.
Mary says she and Tom went to Boston last winter.
Mary says she and Tom usually eat lunch together.
Mary says she and Tom haven't yet discussed that.
Mary says she and Tom haven't discussed that yet.
Mary says everybody she knows has gone to Boston.
Mary saw some guy she didn't know talking to Tom.
Mary saw Tom looking at her from across the room.
Mary said there's nothing she can do to help Tom.
Mary said that she'd be glad to buy that for you.
Mary said that she wasn't going to do that again.
Mary said that she was very reluctant to do that.
Mary said that she was very motivated to do that.
Mary said that she was the one who had done that.
Mary said that she wanted to talk to the manager.
Mary said that she wanted me to give this to Tom.
Mary said that she thought Tom was getting tired.
Mary said that she really did do that by herself.
Mary said that she never expected that to happen.
Mary said that she needed to talk to the manager.
Mary said that she knew Tom was going to be late.
Mary said that she didn't really want to do that.
Mary said that she didn't really need to do that.
Mary said that she didn't really like doing that.
Mary said that she didn't really have to do that.
Mary said that she didn't have much money on her.
Mary said that Tom was the one who told her that.
Mary said she's thinking about taking a vacation.
Mary said she's talked to Tom about that already.
Mary said she's only done that about three times.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom can do that.
Mary said she's looking forward to being retired.
Mary said she's glad that that's going to happen.
Mary said she's faster at doing that than Tom is.
Mary said she's better at doing that than Tom is.
Mary said she's always been interested in sports.
Mary said she's already talked to Tom about that.
Mary said she'll do that for us if we ask her to.
Mary said she'd prefer that you not do that here.
Mary said she'd never want to do that by herself.
Mary said she'd let me know if anything happened.
Mary said she'd be willing to do anything for me.
Mary said she'd be happy to answer our questions.
Mary said she wouldn't ever try to do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't ever try doing that again.
Mary said she wouldn't do what I asked her to do.
Mary said she would've done that if she could've.
Mary said she wished she hadn't tried to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't tried doing that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't let Tom kiss her.
Mary said she wasn't sure she's ready to do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to Boston next summer.
Mary said she was working on something important.
Mary said she was trying to figure something out.
Mary said she was sure that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she was pretty sure that you'd do that.
Mary said she was present at yesterday's meeting.
Mary said she was going to write a letter to Tom.
Mary said she was going to permit Tom to do that.
Mary said she was glad that you did that for her.
Mary said she was glad that you did that for Tom.
Mary said she wanted to take some pictures of us.
Mary said she wanted to see if she could do that.
Mary said she wanted to see if Tom could do that.
Mary said she wanted to learn how to sail a boat.
Mary said she wanted to do everything by herself.
Mary said she thought that would happen tomorrow.
Mary said she thought that she might be able win.
Mary said she thought she was too old to do that.
Mary said she thought she didn't need to do that.
Mary said she thought she didn't have to do that.
Mary said she thought she could help Tom do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't do that today.
Mary said she thought Tom would unlikely do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would probably do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would enjoy doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be in his office.
Mary said she thought Tom was too old to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom could probably do that.
Mary said she thought I should get more exercise.
Mary said she thought I looked like I was sleepy.
Mary said she thought I looked like I was lonely.
Mary said she paid thirty dollars for that shirt.
Mary said she needed to get rid of all this junk.
Mary said she learned how to do that last summer.
Mary said she knew she might not need to do that.
Mary said she knew she might not have to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might not want to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might not need to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might not have to do that.
Mary said she isn't even going to try to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't do that by himself.
Mary said she hopes Tom can take care of himself.
Mary said she hoped that Tom would be here today.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she hoped Tom would do that right away.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be able to do that.
Mary said she had something to do this afternoon.
Mary said she had something important to tell me.
Mary said she had something important to ask Tom.
Mary said she expects to be doing that on Monday.
Mary said she expected Tom to get home on Monday.
Mary said she doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Mary said she doesn't want to ever do that again.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that on her own.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that by herself.
Mary said she doesn't think she needs to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom wants to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom ought to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom wants to go.
Mary said she doesn't know any of Tom's children.
Mary said she doesn't feel like doing that today.
Mary said she doesn't ever want to do that again.
Mary said she didn't want you to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to play tennis with me.
Mary said she didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Mary said she didn't want to go swimming with us.
Mary said she didn't want to go drinking with us.
Mary said she didn't want to eat leftovers again.
Mary said she didn't want to do that without Tom.
Mary said she didn't want me to worry about that.
Mary said she didn't want me to help her do that.
Mary said she didn't understand why Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't think anybody could do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom knew how to drive.
Mary said she didn't really feel like doing that.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom had to do that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom could speak French.
Mary said she didn't have the courage to do that.
Mary said she didn't have many friends in Boston.
Mary said she didn't have enough time to do that.
Mary said she didn't have anything to write with.
Mary said she didn't have anything she had to do.
Mary said she didn't have any trouble doing that.
Mary said she didn't have any idea where Tom was.
Mary said she didn't have a driver's license yet.
Mary said she didn't get enough sleep last night.
Mary said she couldn't figure out how to do that.
Mary said she could swim at least as well as Tom.
Mary said it was her who should help Tom do that.
Mary said it was Tom who borrowed her sunglasses.
Mary said everybody she knows has been to Boston.
Mary said Tom would likely go to Boston with her.
Mary said Tom knew she might not need to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might not have to do that.
Mary said I shouldn't do that until she got back.
Mary retired from the company when she turned 65.
Mary refused to do what I told her she had to do.
Mary refused to believe that Tom didn't like her.
Mary really enjoys talking with Tom, doesn't she?
Mary realized there was no way she could do that.
Mary realized that she'd fallen in love with Tom.
Mary realized she didn't have to do that anymore.
Mary realized Tom was no longer in love with her.
Mary puts salt on just about everything she eats.
Mary promised that she'd do that, but she didn't.
Mary promised she'd do that before she went home.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't be late again.
Mary promised me she wouldn't ever do that again.
Mary promised herself she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised Tom that she'd never do that again.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't tell anybody.
Mary probably won't be hungry when she gets here.
Mary probably doesn't know what she needs to buy.
Mary probably doesn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary pretended that she didn't know Tom was rich.
Mary pretended she didn't see Tom do what he did.
Mary pretended she didn't know what was going on.
Mary pretended she didn't know anything about it.
Mary phoned to say she'll be thirty minutes late.
Mary persuaded Tom to go back to Boston with her.
Mary opened the bag and knew that it wasn't hers.
Mary only eats vegetables that she grows herself.
Mary often reads bedtime stories to her children.
Mary never told me she used to be married to Tom.
Mary never should've tried doing that by herself.
Mary never should've told Tom that she loved him.
Mary never has apologized for what she did to us.
Mary must've traveled a lot when she was younger.
Mary might not have done what people say she did.
Mary may come and visit me any time she wants to.
Mary managed to carry all three boxes by herself.
Mary makes mistakes every time she speaks French.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want me there.
Mary made a fool of herself in front of everyone.
Mary loved writing poems when she was a teenager.
Mary lives downtown not far from where she works.
Mary lived in Boston until she was ten years old.
Mary listens to the radio whenever she's driving.
Mary likes to read when she's waiting for people.
Mary likes Tom, but she's too shy to talk to him.
Mary let us know that she didn't mind doing that.
Mary let Tom know she didn't know how to do that.
Mary learned how to swim when she was very young.
Mary learned how to do that when she was a child.
Mary learned how to do that from her grandfather.
Mary laughed when I told her about what happened.
Mary knows she's not supposed to do that anymore.
Mary knows she'll never be able to do that again.
Mary knows Tom better than she knows anyone else.
Mary knew there was nothing she could do to help.
Mary knew that she was going to get into trouble.
Mary knew she wasn't going to be able to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have enough time to do that.
Mary kept working even though she was very tired.
Mary kept on walking even though she was in pain.
Mary isn't really going to eat that frog, is she?
Mary isn't going to go to Boston with us, is she?
Mary isn't doing what she's supposed to be doing.
Mary isn't as good at French as you think she is.
Mary is wearing clothes that are too big for her.
Mary is unable to decide who she should vote for.
Mary is supposed to do that before she goes home.
Mary is still waiting for Tom to do that for her.
Mary is still just as friendly as she used to be.
Mary is saving money so she can buy a motorcycle.
Mary is probably not going to do that by herself.
Mary is probably not as rich as you think she is.
Mary is probably not as rich as she claims to be.
Mary is probably not as busy as you think she is.
Mary is looking for somebody to teach her French.
Mary is likely going to lose everything she owns.
Mary is going to try to convince you to help her.
Mary is going to try to convince Tom to help her.
Mary is going to get very dirty if she does that.
Mary is going to get killed if she's not careful.
Mary is going to get in trouble if she does that.
Mary is going to do whatever she can to help you.
Mary is going to do that the way you told her to.
Mary is going to do everything you ask her to do.
Mary is going to do everything she's asked to do.
Mary is going to be very glad she didn't do that.
Mary is going to be fired if she does that again.
Mary is going to be fined if she does that again.
Mary is going to be exhausted when she gets home.
Mary is fairly sure she can take care of herself.
Mary is already old enough to do that by herself.
Mary is a little bit tired, so she won't do that.
Mary introduced herself to the rest of the class.
Mary immigrated to Australia when she was thirty.
Mary hid under her bed, but her mother found her.
Mary helped herself to another dish of ice cream.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she wants us to buy.
Mary hasn't yet told me why she needs to do that.
Mary hasn't yet realized that she's made a mistake.
Mary hasn't let her kids do that very many times.
Mary has told Tom that she's required to do that.
Mary has to do that before she can go home today.
Mary has something she'd like to say to everyone.
Mary has something she needs to discuss with Tom.
Mary has played the piano since she was thirteen.
Mary has never gone mountain climbing by herself.
Mary has never apologized for what she did to us.
Mary has finally done what she promised she'd do.
Mary has done that more than she'd like to admit.
Mary has been waiting for Tom to do that for her.
Mary has been doing that ever since she got home.
Mary had enough time to do what she wanted to do.
Mary had enough time to do what she needed to do.
Mary had enough money to buy what she had to buy.
Mary gave me three reasons why she couldn't help.
Mary gave away most of her money before she died.
Mary gave Tom the note I'd given her to give him.
Mary gave Tom exactly what he told her he needed.
Mary forgot to tell Tom what time she'd be there.
Mary forgot to lock the front door when she left.
Mary finally noticed that Tom was staring at her.
Mary finally managed to persuade Tom to help her.
Mary figured if Tom could do that, she could too.
Mary expects all three of us to do that with her.
Mary expected Tom to sit with her at the concert.
Mary dropped out of school when she was thirteen.
Mary doesn't want anyone to know that she's rich.
Mary doesn't want Tom to go anywhere without her.
Mary doesn't think they'll permit her to do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom will allow her to do that.
Mary doesn't really want to live there, does she?
Mary doesn't really think Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really care whether she wins or not.
Mary doesn't need to come if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't like spinach, so she didn't eat any.
Mary doesn't know who she should ask to help her.
Mary doesn't know whether she can do that or not.
Mary doesn't know what she's gotten herself into.
Mary doesn't have to stay if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to sing if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to help if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have to come if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't have Tom to do that for her anymore.
Mary doesn't deserve the salary we're paying her.
Mary does that the way Tom taught her to do that.
Mary does just about everything we ask her to do.
Mary died three days after she arrived in Boston.
Mary didn't want the same thing to happen to her.
Mary didn't think Tom would allow her to do that.
Mary didn't tell the stranger who she really was.
Mary didn't tell me why she wanted me to do that.
Mary didn't tell me she wanted to be a scientist.
Mary didn't tell anyone what she was about to do.
Mary didn't really enjoy eating with us, did she?
Mary didn't provide details of how she'd do that.
Mary didn't pay me as much as she said she'd pay.
Mary didn't mention where she was planning to go.
Mary didn't lose as much weight as she wanted to.
Mary didn't look like she was having a good time.
Mary didn't know why she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know that she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't know that she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't know she no longer needed to do that.
Mary didn't know for certain where she should go.
Mary didn't do that as well as I expected her to.
Mary didn't call Tom like she promised she would.
Mary did better this time than she did last time.
Mary definitely knows that she shouldn't be here.
Mary couldn't have done that by herself, I think.
Mary couldn't get Tom to tell her what was wrong.
Mary couldn't do anything she was supposed to do.
Mary couldn't decide what she should buy for Tom.
Mary couldn't borrow as much money as she needed.
Mary could've won if she'd tried a little harder.
Mary could've refused to do that, but she didn't.
Mary could've done better if she'd had more time.
Mary could stay with us tonight if she wanted to.
Mary could be busy now, but I don't think she is.
Mary convinced Tom to buy her an expensive watch.
Mary continued to do that until the day she died.
Mary certainly did everything we asked her to do.
Mary can't really see anything from where she is.
Mary can't play the piano as well as she used to.
Mary can't cook very well, so she often eats out.
Mary called the office to say that she'd be late.
Mary bragged about how well she could play chess.
Mary began writing poems when she was very young.
Mary became a French teacher when she was thirty.
Mary assured Tom that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary asked me whether she should help Tom or not.
Mary asked me to give her enough time to do that.
Mary asked me if she could borrow thirty dollars.
Mary asked me if I would help her move her piano.
Mary asked if she was really required to do that.
Mary asked if she really needed to wear a helmet.
Mary asked her father to help her make a snowman.
Mary asked Tom to lend her three hundred dollars.
Mary asked Tom not to kiss her in public anymore.
Mary apparently didn't do what she said she'd do.
Mary always tries to do what she thinks is right.
Mary already knows that Tom wants her to do that.
Mary allowed Tom to sit next to her on the bench.
Mary admitted she didn't want to do that anymore.
Let's hope Mary didn't do what you think she did.
It's entirely up to Mary whether she goes or not.
It was easy for Mary to convince Tom to help her.
Is Mary wearing the new shirt you bought for her?
If you don't do what Mary says, she'll get angry.
I'm sure Mary wouldn't have done that by herself.
I'm sure Mary understands what we want her to do.
I'm pretty sure Mary did what we asked her to do.
I'm going to allow Mary to do whatever she wants.
I'm certain Mary will do what she says she'll do.
I'll make sure Mary does what we asked her to do.
I wonder whether Mary thought she had to do that.
I wonder whether Mary really meant what she said.
I wonder whether Mary knew she needed to do that.
I wonder whether Mary did what she said she'd do.
I wonder if Mary's friends would really help her.
I wonder if Mary really can take care of herself.
I wonder if Mary did what she was supposed to do.
I wonder if Mary can really take care of herself.
I wonder if Mary asked Tom to eat lunch with her.
I wasn't sure what Mary wanted me to buy for her.
I tried to get Mary to help me, but she wouldn't.
I told Mary that she shouldn't go out after dark.
I told Mary that I never wanted to see her again.
I thought Mary wouldn't enjoy camping by herself.
I thought Mary said she liked this kind of music.
I think we shouldn't let Mary do that by herself.
I think that Mary lied to you about what she did.
I think Mary went into the woods to kill herself.
I think Mary shouldn't tell Tom why she did that.
I think Mary shouldn't tell Tom how she did that.
I think Mary might get punished if she does that.
I think Mary is sure that's what she needs to do.
I think Mary could do better if she tried harder.
I should've told Mary that she needed to do that.
I should tell Mary I won't go to Boston with her.
I should probably tell Mary what she needs to do.
I looked Mary in the eyes and told her the truth.
I knew Mary would ask Tom to eat dinner with her.
I hope Mary remembers where she buried the money.
I hope Mary does everything she's promised to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what we told her not to do.
I haven't spoken with Mary since she got married.
I don't think Mary will be doing that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is ignoring her.
I don't think Mary knows who's going to help her.
I don't think Mary knows she's going to be fired.
I don't think Mary knows how Tom feels about her.
I don't think Mary has ever done that by herself.
I didn't want Mary to leave, but she left anyway.
I didn't think Mary would be afraid, but she was.
I didn't notice that Mary was sitting by herself.
I didn't know Mary would go to Boston by herself.
I didn't give Mary the information she requested.
I didn't believe Mary when she said she loved me.
I can't find Mary. I think she must've gone home.
I asked Mary why she did that the way she did it.
I asked Mary when she thought Tom would get here.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go and she said no.
How often does Mary wear that scarf you gave her?
How much time did it take Mary to clean her room?
How long did Mary say she'd been studying French?
How did Mary know she wasn't supposed to do that?
Have you ever asked Mary why she doesn't do that?
Either Mary doesn't want to do that or she can't.
Does Mary know we can't do that without her help?
Do you want to know why Mary did that by herself?
Do you think Mary can still take care of herself?
Did you tell Mary she's not allowed in this room?
Did you know Mary before she came to work for us?
Did you ask Mary if she could do that by herself?
Did Mary say it was necessary for her to do that?
Did Mary ever tell you what she wanted you to do?
Did Mary actually do everything she said she did?
Could you please tell Mary I need to talk to her?
Can you please just give Mary whatever she wants?
Ask Mary if she really needs to be there by 2:30.
As soon as Mary heard the phone, she answered it.
You'd think they'd tell Mary what she should do.
You should've told Mary that she had to do that.
You should've let Mary do what she wanted to do.
You should tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
You not only look like Mary, you sound like her.
You can't make Mary help if she doesn't want to.
You asked Mary if she could do that, didn't you?
Would you tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Would you just tell Mary what she did was wrong?
Why should Mary insist that Tom do that for her?
Why don't you just tell Mary you don't like her?
Why don't you just tell Mary you don't like her.
Why don't you ask Mary what she thinks happened?
Who did Mary think was going to do that for her?
When do you think Mary will want us to help her?
When Mary heard about what happened, she smiled.
When I first met Mary, she was still a teenager.
We simply can't just leave Mary here by herself.
We should ask Mary what she thinks we should do.
We know Mary will do whatever we tell her to do.
We hope Mary will do what we've asked her to do.
This is where Mary said she found the gold coin.
They told Mary to stop doing what she was doing.
The only person Mary says she'll talk to is Tom.
Tell Mary I'd like to meet with her immediately.
Talk to Mary and see what she thinks about this.
Should we tell Mary she doesn't need to do that?
Should we tell Mary she doesn't have to do that?
Remind me to thank Mary the next time I see her.
Please tell Mary what you think she ought to do.
Please tell Mary what you think she needs to do.
Please tell Mary that she's required to do that.
Please tell Mary she has to do that before 2:30.
Please tell Mary everything we want her to know.
One of us will have to ask Mary what she thinks.
Maybe Mary thought you wouldn't want to see her.
Maybe Mary should quit before she hurts herself.
Maybe Mary didn't do what everyone says she did.
Mary's memory's getting worse as she gets older.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she wanted to do that.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she wouldn't do that.
Mary wouldn't like it if she knew you were here.
Mary wouldn't have let her own children do that.
Mary wouldn't drink the coffee Tom made for her.
Mary wouldn't do something like that by herself.
Mary would've done that already if she knew how.
Mary would've done that already if she could've.
Mary would just like to know what she did wrong.
Mary won't talk to Tom and he won't talk to her.
Mary won't stay here as long you think she will.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she doesn't like him.
Mary won't likely be able to do that by herself.
Mary won't find anybody who'll help her do that.
Mary won't be as busy tomorrow as she was today.
Mary won't be able to move the piano by herself.
Mary won't be able to do what we want her to do.
Mary won't admit that she's done anything wrong.
Mary wished that she had enough money to retire.
Mary will probably get injured if she does that.
Mary will probably be hungry when she gets home.
Mary will probably be hungry when she gets here.
Mary will probably be forgiven for what she did.
Mary will get in trouble if she doesn't do that.
Mary will explain it to you when she comes back.
Mary will be in prison for the rest of her life.
Mary went to Boston, but she didn't go by plane.
Mary wasn't very hungry, so she didn't eat much.
Mary wasn't surprised who showed up to meet her.
Mary wasn't sure whether she should sing or not.
Mary wasn't interested in talking about herself.
Mary wasn't able to read until she was thirteen.
Mary wasn't able to do everything she had to do.
Mary was unable to wait any longer, so she left.
Mary was thirsty, so she drank a glass of water.
Mary was shocked when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary was reading a book the last time I saw her.
Mary was lucky she didn't get seriously injured.
Mary was going to ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary was fatter three years ago than she is now.
Mary was convinced that Tom no longer loved her.
Mary was aware that everyone was looking at her.
Mary was able to do everything she needed to do.
Mary wants to help, but she says she's too busy.
Mary wants to do that, but she doesn't know how.
Mary wants somebody to help her paint her house.
Mary wanted to do that, but she didn't know how.
Mary wanted to do that, but I begged her not to.
Mary wanted me to tell you she can't come today.
Mary wanted me to play chess with her, so I did.
Mary usually helps anyone who asks her for help.
Mary tried to tell Tom that she didn't like him.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to come to her party.
Mary tried to kiss Tom, but she pushed him away.
Mary tried to kiss Tom, but he wouldn't let her.
Mary tried to help Tom, but he wouldn't let her.
Mary took a breath and tried to compose herself.
Mary told us she wouldn't come back before 2:30.
Mary told us she didn't think she could do that.
Mary told me that she'd never go back to Boston.
Mary told me that she'd like to become a doctor.
Mary told me that she'd go to Boston in October.
Mary told me that she wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she was determined to do that.
Mary told me that she wanted to teach me French.
Mary told me that she thought you could do that.
Mary told me that she thought she could do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be late.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be busy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was unmarried.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was skeptical.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was obnoxious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was miserable.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was in Boston.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was impressed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was exhausted.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was dishonest.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was depressed.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was conceited.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was competent.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had done that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been rude.
Mary told me that she thought Tom had been hurt.
Mary told me that she thought Tom could do that.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what that is.
Mary told me that she didn't want to go with us.
Mary told me that she didn't see anyone come in.
Mary told me she's not going to do that anymore.
Mary told me she'd never tell anyone about that.
Mary told me she was planning to move to Boston.
Mary told me she was hoping to get into Harvard.
Mary told me she wanted to learn how to do that.
Mary told me she wanted to go mountain climbing.
Mary told me she plans on staying at the Hilton.
Mary told me she isn't going to do that anymore.
Mary told me she had nothing to look forward to.
Mary told me she didn't sleep at all last night.
Mary told me she didn't have a driver's license.
Mary told Tom that she'd decided not to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be hesitant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was unwilling to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was reluctant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was desperate to do that.
Mary told Tom that she told John not to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought he'd been unfair.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't well.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't nice.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't lost.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't lazy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't home.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't done.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't busy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was worried.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unlucky.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was unhappy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was thirsty.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was sincere.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was retired.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was outside.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was nervous.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was married.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was jealous.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was healthy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was furious.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was excited.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was correct.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was at home.
Mary told Tom that she had to leave before 2:30.
Mary told Tom that she didn't think John was up.
Mary told Tom that she didn't know how to drive.
Mary told Tom that she didn't have enough money.
Mary told Tom not to kiss her in public anymore.
Mary thought she'd have all the time she needed.
Mary thought Tom would likely come to her party.
Mary thought Tom would be upset if she did that.
Mary thought Tom was no longer in love with her.
Mary thinks she knows how to get to Tom's house.
Mary studied hard so she could get into college.
Mary still hasn't told me why she won't do that.
Mary still hasn't done what you asked her to do.
Mary still has the knapsack her father gave her.
Mary still has a lot of things she wants to buy.
Mary still has a lot of things she needs to buy.
Mary still does that even though she's very old.
Mary stayed home from work because she was sick.
Mary started crying when her father spanked her.
Mary showed the letter she got from Tom to John.
Mary shouldn't have tried to do that by herself.
Mary shouldn't have tried doing that by herself.
Mary shouldn't do that kind of thing by herself.
Mary should've waited for us to do that for her.
Mary should tell Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary should tell Tom that she can't eat peanuts.
Mary should tell Tom she wants him to help John.
Mary should probably tell Tom what he has to do.
Mary should probably tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she can't do that.
Mary seldom sings, but I think she will tonight.
Mary seems a lot happier since she got divorced.
Mary says there's nothing she can do about that.
Mary says that she's too busy to help Tom today.
Mary says that she walked three miles yesterday.
Mary says that she needs a better tennis racket.
Mary says that she has to go to Boston tomorrow.
Mary says that she doesn't want to eat anything.
Mary says that she and Tom are moving to Boston.
Mary says she's too old to start doing that now.
Mary says she's thinking about moving to Boston.
Mary says she won't have to work overtime today.
Mary says she won't do that unless you help her.
Mary says she wants to do everything by herself.
Mary says she thought Tom had already done that.
Mary says she thinks that's not going to happen.
Mary says she thinks that isn't going to happen.
Mary says she thinks she can do that by herself.
Mary says she sells about thirty of these a day.
Mary says she needs to find someone to help her.
Mary says she knows Tom will eventually do that.
Mary says she just wants to stay for a few days.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't refuse to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom will do that by himself.
Mary says she hopes Tom will be able to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows he has to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't want to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't need to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't have to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom can get home by himself.
Mary says she has no idea what needs to be done.
Mary says she expects Tom to get home on Monday.
Mary says she doesn't want to work here anymore.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk about school.
Mary says she doesn't want to live in Australia.
Mary says she doesn't think she'll ever do that.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that now.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom really did that.
Mary says she doesn't know what she ought to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what she needs to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom wants to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom ought to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom needs to do.
Mary says she doesn't know how Tom will do that.
Mary says she doesn't intend to do that anymore.
Mary says she doesn't feel motivated to do that.
Mary says she didn't know she needed to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wanted to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom needed to do that.
Mary says she definitely wants to do that again.
Mary says she can't believe Tom really did that.
Mary says she can stay here two or three nights.
Mary says everyone she knows has gone to Boston.
Mary says everybody she knows enjoys doing that.
Mary saw something in the woods that scared her.
Mary sang a lot better than I thought she would.
Mary said your snoring kept her awake all night.
Mary said you're a better guitarist than she is.
Mary said they wouldn't let her do that anymore.
Mary said there's nothing she can do about that.
Mary said the beach was nicer than she expected.
Mary said that she'd do that as soon as she can.
Mary said that she'd be the next one to do that.
Mary said that she'd be glad to do that for you.
Mary said that she was very hesitant to do that.
Mary said that she was the first one to do that.
Mary said that she was interested in doing that.
Mary said that she thought Tom was good-looking.
Mary said that she needed to get some fresh air.
Mary said that she knew she wasn't going to win.
Mary said that she had everything under control.
Mary said that she doesn't know where Tom lives.
Mary said that she didn't want to eat very much.
Mary said that she didn't sleep well last night.
Mary said that she didn't expect that to happen.
Mary said that Tom told her he'd never met John.
Mary said she's really glad she moved to Boston.
Mary said she's only been to Boston three times.
Mary said she's looking forward to visiting Tom.
Mary said she's been trying to do that all week.
Mary said she's been asked not to do that again.
Mary said she's always been pretty good at math.
Mary said she's always been interested in music.
Mary said she'll be at this afternoon's meeting.
Mary said she'll ask Tom if he wants to do that.
Mary said she'd try to keep Tom from doing that.
Mary said she'd rather not go to Boston with us.
Mary said she'd never try to do that on her own.
Mary said she'd never try to do that by herself.
Mary said she'd never consider doing that alone.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to be at her party.
Mary said she'd do that for us if we ask her to.
Mary said she'd be willing to try something new.
Mary said she'd be willing to try anything once.
Mary said she'd be afraid to do that by herself.
Mary said she wouldn't want to do that by alone.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to do that today.
Mary said she would've come if we'd invited her.
Mary said she wondered why Tom hadn't done that.
Mary said she wished you wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she wished she hadn't let Tom do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't argued with Tom.
Mary said she wished she didn't have to do that.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she wasn't willing to help us do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure what Tom wanted to do.
Mary said she wasn't sure she wanted to do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to sign the contract.
Mary said she wasn't going to be at Tom's party.
Mary said she wasn't allowed to do that anymore.
Mary said she was too tired to help you do that.
Mary said she was too tired to help Tom do that.
Mary said she was too drunk to help Tom do that.
Mary said she was looking forward to doing that.
Mary said she was hoping we could sing together.
Mary said she was going to permit us to do that.
Mary said she was going to catch the 2:30 train.
Mary said she was going to allow Tom to do that.
Mary said she wants to do everything by herself.
Mary said she wanted to do that, but she didn't.
Mary said she wanted to be the one who did that.
Mary said she understood what needed to be done.
Mary said she thought she'd forgotten something.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help Tom.
Mary said she thought she might need to do that.
Mary said she thought she might have to do that.
Mary said she thought she could help us do that.
Mary said she thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Mary said she thought Tom's suggestion was good.
Mary said she thought Tom would want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would enjoy the movie.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't having any fun.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't good at French.
Mary said she thought Tom was unhappy in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom was likely to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might want to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might need to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom might have to do that.
Mary said she thought I looked like I was tired.
Mary said she thought I looked like I was bored.
Mary said she should've stayed in Boston longer.
Mary said she regretted her decision to do that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she paid thirty dollars for this book.
Mary said she needed to find another babysitter.
Mary said she needed to do that before she left.
Mary said she may go to Boston for Thanksgiving.
Mary said she likes pizza that way Tom makes it.
Mary said she learned how to do that in October.
Mary said she knew you wouldn't be able do that.
Mary said she knew she wouldn't be able do that.
Mary said she knew Tom wouldn't be able do that.
Mary said she hoped she'd be allowed to do that.
Mary said she hasn't yet decided what she'll do.
Mary said she hasn't decided what she'll do yet.
Mary said she expected Tom to do that on Monday.
Mary said she expected Tom to be back on Monday.
Mary said she doesn't think you need to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think you have to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom still does that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom really did that.
Mary said she doesn't have any plans to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to go camping with us.
Mary said she didn't want to ever do that again.
Mary said she didn't want to do that by herself.
Mary said she didn't want to do that after dark.
Mary said she didn't want to ask you to do that.
Mary said she didn't think that really happened.
Mary said she didn't think anyone could do that.
Mary said she didn't plan to leave anytime soon.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom wanted to do.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom needed to do.
Mary said she didn't know how to swim very well.
Mary said she didn't have to do that right away.
Mary said she didn't have to do that by herself.
Mary said she didn't have time to help us today.
Mary said she didn't have time to do that today.
Mary said she didn't have permission to do that.
Mary said she didn't have experience doing that.
Mary said she didn't have everything she wanted.
Mary said she didn't have everything she needed.
Mary said she didn't have any idea who did that.
Mary said she didn't have a high school diploma.
Mary said she didn't feel like doing that today.
Mary said she didn't expect anybody to help her.
Mary said she didn't ever want to do that again.
Mary said she didn't do what she should've done.
Mary said she couldn't remember where Tom lived.
Mary said she couldn't provide any more details.
Mary said she assumed Tom would want to do that.
Mary said she I thought I should do that myself.
Mary said it wasn't her who told Tom to do that.
Mary said her parents let her do what she wants.
Mary said everyone she knows has been to Boston.
Mary said everybody she knows enjoys doing that.
Mary said Tom's horse is a lot faster than hers.
Mary said Tom would be going to Boston with her.
Mary said Tom was happy that she didn't do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might want to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might need to do that.
Mary said Tom thought she might have to do that.
Mary reminded her mother to wake her up at 6:30.
Mary refused to admit that she'd made a mistake.
Mary really needs to do that as soon as she can.
Mary realized she could be making a big mistake.
Mary rarely sings, but I think she will tonight.
Mary promised that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised that she wouldn't be late anymore.
Mary promised me that she'd never do that again.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't tell anybody.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't go out alone.
Mary promised me she wouldn't come here anymore.
Mary promised herself she'd never do that again.
Mary promised Tom she'd try to lose some weight.
Mary promised Tom she'd help him this afternoon.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't complain anymore.
Mary probably thought I didn't know who she was.
Mary probably should do that as soon as she can.
Mary probably knows a lot more than she told us.
Mary probably didn't want to do that by herself.
Mary noticed Tom the moment he entered the room.
Mary never told me that she was going to resign.
Mary never said anything about where she'd been.
Mary never got the chance to eat lunch, did she?
Mary never cleans her room unless I tell her to.
Mary needs to tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary must've had a good reason for what she did.
Mary might've waited longer if you'd called her.
Mary might bring her wife and children with her.
Mary managed to carry both suitcases by herself.
Mary made it clear that she didn't want me here.
Mary looks like she's amused by what's going on.
Mary looked very tired when I saw her yesterday.
Mary looked like she was in a hurry to get home.
Mary looked like she was getting ready to leave.
Mary looked around, but she didn't see anything.
Mary lied to Tom when she told him she did that.
Mary let Tom know that she was going to do that.
Mary knows there isn't much she can do about it.
Mary knew that she wasn't likely to be arrested.
Mary knew that she wasn't going to have any fun.
Mary knew that she needed to buy a gift for Tom.
Mary knew that she couldn't reach the top shelf.
Mary knew that Tom wouldn't want to go with her.
Mary knew she was supposed to do that yesterday.
Mary knew it was wrong to do what she was doing.
Mary knew it was Tom who had taken her umbrella.
Mary knew Tom couldn't do that without her help.
Mary kept working even though she was exhausted.
Mary isn't willing to do what we want her to do.
Mary isn't likely to tell Tom she can't do that.
Mary isn't as young as most people think she is.
Mary isn't as sure of herself as she used to be.
Mary isn't as crazy as most people think she is.
Mary is wearing a coat that's too large for her.
Mary is waiting for someone to come pick her up.
Mary is upset because Tom has been ignoring her.
Mary is unwilling to do what we asked her to do.
Mary is trying to figure out what she has to do.
Mary is too young to go out by herself at night.
Mary is the one responsible for this, isn't she?
Mary is saving money so she can go to Australia.
Mary is probably not as old as you think she is.
Mary is particular about what she watches on TV.
Mary is never going to admit that she was wrong.
Mary is lucky that she can take care of herself.
Mary is looking for someone to teach her French.
Mary is good at practically everything she does.
Mary is going to have to do that all by herself.
Mary is going to do whatever you tell her to do.
Mary is going to be in her office all afternoon.
Mary is fortunate that she's allowed to do that.
Mary is better at French than she is at English.
Mary is afraid that the police might arrest her.
Mary introduced herself to everyone in the room.
Mary initially said she wasn't going to do that.
Mary hopes she'll get a chance to do that again.
Mary heard a noise behind her and turned around.
Mary hates Tom, but not as much as he hates her.
Mary hated Tom, but not as much as he hated her.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she wants us to do.
Mary hasn't yet paid back the money she owes me.
Mary hasn't yet done what we've asked her to do.
Mary hasn't yet done what she promised she'd do.
Mary has to do that even if she doesn't want to.
Mary has to do something she doesn't want to do.
Mary has promised to give me one of her guitars.
Mary has no intention of going there by herself.
Mary has no friends who are willing to help her.
Mary has never asked me to help her do anything.
Mary has hired Tom to take care of her children.
Mary has enough time to do that if she wants to.
Mary has enough money to buy whatever she wants.
Mary has enough money to buy whatever she needs.
Mary has enough money to buy anything she wants.
Mary has done almost nothing we asked her to do.
Mary has been living by herself for three years.
Mary has always been able to get what she wants.
Mary has already told Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary has already told Tom what she wants to buy.
Mary has already told Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary has already spent all the money I gave her.
Mary has allowed her kids to do that many times.
Mary handed Tom her canteen and he took a drink.
Mary had to admit to herself that Tom was right.
Mary had no intention of going there by herself.
Mary had no idea what Tom thought she should do.
Mary had no idea that Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary had no chance to tell Tom what she thought.
Mary had her chauffeur drive her to the theater.
Mary had her chauffeur drive Tom to the airport.
Mary had a crush on Tom when she was a teenager.
Mary got out of the water and dried herself off.
Mary fell asleep while she was watching a movie.
Mary expected Tom to wink at her, but he didn't.
Mary emigrated to Australia when she was thirty.
Mary drove to the hospital as fast as she could.
Mary doesn't yet know whether she can go or not.
Mary doesn't yet know exactly when she'll leave.
Mary doesn't understand what you want her to do.
Mary doesn't think they'll allow her to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll be allowed to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'll be able come tomorrow.
Mary doesn't remember the last time she saw Tom.
Mary doesn't remember Tom asking her to do that.
Mary doesn't need me to tell her how to do that.
Mary doesn't need me to do that for her anymore.
Mary doesn't look like she's having a good time.
Mary doesn't like to tell people how old she is.
Mary doesn't like people telling her what to do.
Mary doesn't know whether she'll do that or not.
Mary doesn't know what Tom would like her to do.
Mary doesn't know what Tom thinks she should do.
Mary doesn't know she's not supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that anymore.
Mary doesn't know anything about this, does she?
Mary doesn't have as much energy as she used to.
Mary doesn't do anything she doesn't have to do.
Mary doesn't believe she can do that by herself.
Mary didn't trust Tom as much as he trusted her.
Mary didn't tell me why she was going to Boston.
Mary didn't tell me whether or not she did that.
Mary didn't tell me she didn't know how to swim.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wanted to quit her job.
Mary didn't tell Tom how much money she'd spent.
Mary didn't seem to remember what she had to do.
Mary didn't say who she was planning to go with.
Mary didn't say how many times she'd been there.
Mary didn't say anything about why she was late.
Mary didn't really want to help us, but she did.
Mary didn't realize she had to help Tom do that.
Mary didn't mention why she was looking for Tom.
Mary didn't mention what she was planning to do.
Mary didn't learn to drive until she was thirty.
Mary didn't know whether she was right or wrong.
Mary didn't know that what she'd done was wrong.
Mary didn't know that she'd done anything wrong.
Mary didn't know that Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary didn't know she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know Tom thought she should do that.
Mary didn't get up as early as she usually does.
Mary didn't do that as quickly as she should've.
Mary did say that she didn't want to go with us.
Mary decided that she shouldn't stay any longer.
Mary decided she was the one who should do that.
Mary couldn't speak French when I first met her.
Mary couldn't make herself understood in French.
Mary couldn't find the words to express herself.
Mary couldn't find the page she was looking for.
Mary couldn't bring herself to pull the trigger.
Mary couldn't believe that Tom really loved her.
Mary could swim a lot faster when she was young.
Mary could sing quite well when she was a child.
Mary claims she doesn't know anything about Tom.
Mary claimed that she could run faster than Tom.
Mary carefully planned what she was going to do.
Mary called to ask if she should bring anything.
Mary believes that she can take care of herself.
Mary begged her father to buy her a new bicycle.
Mary began writing poetry when she was thirteen.
Mary ate dinner, but she didn't eat any dessert.
Mary assured us that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary assured Tom that she'd never do that again.
Mary asked me to help her find her contact lens.
Mary asked Tom where he should put her suitcase.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to do the waltz.
Mary asked Tom the same question she'd asked me.
Mary asked Tom if he could give her a ride home.
Mary almost forgot to take an umbrella with her.
Mary almost always does what she promises to do.
Mary admitted that she was the one who did that.
Let's talk to Mary and find out what she thinks.
Let's hope that Mary can handle that by herself.
Let's ask Mary if she knows how to speak French.
It's not necessary for Mary to go there herself.
Is it necessary for Mary to go there by herself?
If Mary was angry before, she'll be furious now.
If Mary drops by, please give her this document.
If Mary doesn't want to go, she doesn't have to.
I've given Mary everything she's ever asked for.
I've already told Mary why she needs to do that.
I'm sure Mary will be hungry when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary will be able take care of herself.
I'll tell Mary she's got nothing to worry about.
I wonder if Mary was able to do that by herself.
I wonder if Mary really knew she should do that.
I wish that Mary would tell me where she's been.
I wish Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
I told Mary that she shouldn't drink that water.
I told Mary that she should buy the cheaper one.
I told Mary it was dangerous for her to do that.
I told Mary I couldn't do that without her help.
I thought Mary would be shocked, but she wasn't.
I thought Mary would be at home, but she wasn't.
I thought Mary said she wasn't ready to do that.
I thought Mary might need to do that by herself.
I thought Mary might have to do that by herself.
I think you ought to let Mary do what she wants.
I think you need to tell Mary that you love her.
I think Mary would've come if you'd invited her.
I think Mary will be able to do that by herself.
I think Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
I think Mary could leave today if she wanted to.
I shouldn't have told Mary how I felt about her.
I should've told Mary why she needed to do that.
I knew Mary wouldn't want to do that by herself.
I knew Mary wouldn't do what we asked her to do.
I just told Mary what time she needs to be here.
I gave Mary something that I thought she'd like.
I forgot to remind Mary that she had to do that.
I don't want to bother Mary while she's working.
I don't think Mary knows what she's going to do.
I don't think Mary knows what she should do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what she has to do yet.
I don't think Mary knows how much Tom loves her.
I don't believe Mary really did that by herself.
I didn't think Mary would be drunk, but she was.
I didn't recognize Mary the last time I saw her.
I didn't know Mary wanted to do that by herself.
I didn't know Mary needed to do that by herself.
I didn't allow Mary to do what she wanted to do.
I asked Mary why she thought that was important.
I asked Mary if she could have it ready by 2:30.
Have you ever asked Mary why she didn't do that?
Has Mary ever told you why she doesn't like Tom?
Go wake Mary up and tell her breakfast is ready.
Every time I see Mary, she's wearing sunglasses.
Does Mary still do that as often as she used to?
Does Mary know what she's going to do next year?
Do you think that Mary can take care of herself?
Do you really think Mary can do that by herself?
Do you know Mary well enough to ask her to help?
Did you tell Mary why you wanted her to do that?
Did you tell Mary when we expect her to be here?
Did you ask Mary why she didn't want to do that?
Did Mary tell you she was having money problems?
Did Mary say why she wanted to borrow the truck?
Did Mary say she didn't think we should do that?
Did Mary say she didn't think we had to do that?
Did Mary remember to do what we asked her to do?
Could Mary really be as busy as she says she is?
Ask Mary if she has anybody to help her do that.
You told Mary that she was adopted, didn't you?
You told Mary she couldn't do that, didn't you?
You should've told Mary why she had to do that.
You should tell Mary why you disagree with her.
You should tell Mary that she ought to do that.
You should tell Mary that she needs to do that.
You should tell Mary that Tom doesn't like her.
You asked Mary why she'd done that, didn't you?
Will Mary really be able to do that by herself?
Why would Mary insist that Tom do that for her?
Why should Mary do that if she doesn't have to?
Why do you think Mary won't do that by herself?
Who did Mary think would pay her bills for her?
When Mary found out the truth, she was furious.
When I first met Mary, she was still a student.
When I first met Mary, she was just a teenager.
What would Mary say if she walked in right now?
What time did Mary say she wanted to get there?
What movie did Mary tell you she wanted to see?
What game did Mary tell you she wanted to play?
What did Mary say she was going to do tomorrow?
We'll ask Mary what she thinks when we see her.
We need to make sure Mary doesn't hurt herself.
Was it you who told Mary she shouldn't do that?
Was it you who told Mary she needed to do that?
Since Mary is sick, I'm sure she won't do that.
Please tell Mary she can come back after lunch.
Perhaps Mary would like you to do that for her.
Maybe Mary doesn't know what she did was wrong.
Mary's parents let her do what she wants to do.
Mary's not coming, because I don't want her to.
Mary's dog woke her up a little after midnight.
Mary's doctor advised her to get more exercise.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she wouldn't do that.
Mary wouldn't like it if Tom tried to kiss her.
Mary wouldn't do that the way you said she did.
Mary wouldn't be here if she didn't have to be.
Mary would've succeeded if she'd worked harder.
Mary would've gone with us if we'd invited her.
Mary would stop doing that if you asked her to.
Mary would stop doing that if Tom asked her to.
Mary would make Tom very happy if she did that.
Mary would like you to show her how to do that.
Mary would do that for Tom if he wanted her to.
Mary would be furious if she knew what you did.
Mary wondered if she should tell Tom the truth.
Mary wondered if Tom was as nervous as she was.
Mary won't find anyone who'll help her do that.
Mary won't find anybody who'll do that for her.
Mary won't be able to move the desk by herself.
Mary won't be able to lift that box by herself.
Mary won't be able to do that while she's sick.
Mary wished that Tom would tell her what to do.
Mary wished she hadn't promised Tom she'd help.
Mary wished she could understand French better.
Mary will unlikely enjoy doing that by herself.
Mary will probably be tired when she gets home.
Mary will do that later when she's not so busy.
Mary will be very sorry if she doesn't do that.
Mary will ask Tom to do that for us, won't she?
Mary went to the hospital because she was sick.
Mary wasn't sure that she'd ever see Tom again.
Mary wasn't able to do what we asked her to do.
Mary wasn't able find what she was looking for.
Mary was told that she doesn't need to do that.
Mary was told that she doesn't have to do that.
Mary was told not to try to do that by herself.
Mary was surprised when she saw Tom doing that.
Mary was sitting all by herself at the counter.
Mary was quite good-looking when she was young.
Mary was probably very tired when she got home.
Mary was living in Boston when I first met her.
Mary was getting ready to leave when I saw her.
Mary was fortunate that Tom helped her do that.
Mary was fired because she couldn't be trusted.
Mary was class president when she was a senior.
Mary was bitten by a dog when she was thirteen.
Mary was afraid to go into the cave by herself.
Mary was afraid that she might lose everything.
Mary wants you to know what she can do to help.
Mary wants me to come back to see her tomorrow.
Mary wanted to get somebody to do that for her.
Mary wanted to do that, but she wasn't able to.
Mary wanted Tom to wait for her at the library.
Mary used to love Tom. Now she can't stand him.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to sell her his car.
Mary tried to figure out the answer by herself.
Mary tried to do that by herself, but couldn't.
Mary told me why she'd decided to study French.
Mary told me where she hid the stolen diamonds.
Mary told me that she's never coming back here.
Mary told me that she's decided not to do that.
Mary told me that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary told me that she wasn't feeling very good.
Mary told me that she was the one who did that.
Mary told me that she was reluctant to do that.
Mary told me that she was desperate to do that.
Mary told me that she thought Tom would be mad.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was talented.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was reliable.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was prepared.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was innocent.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was homesick.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was homeless.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was divorced.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was confused.
Mary told me that she didn't intend to do that.
Mary told me she wouldn't be home this weekend.
Mary told me she wasn't sure she could do that.
Mary told me she was just trying to be helpful.
Mary told me she wanted to visit Tom in Boston.
Mary told me she thought I was wasting my time.
Mary told me she doesn't want to work with you.
Mary told me she didn't want to move to Boston.
Mary told me she didn't want to live in Boston.
Mary told me she didn't know anybody named Tom.
Mary told me she didn't have very many friends.
Mary told Tom why she couldn't go to his party.
Mary told Tom the story that John had told her.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him wash his car.
Mary told Tom that she'd been lonely in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she'd be willing to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't going to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was prepared to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was hesitant to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was finished doing that.
Mary told Tom that she thought he was handsome.
Mary told Tom that she thought John wasn't fat.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was sleepy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was scared.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was lonely.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was hungry.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was honest.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was boring.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was biased.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was asleep.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was afraid.
Mary told Tom that she didn't enjoy doing that.
Mary told Tom that she believed what John said.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't mind if he did that.
Mary told Tom she didn't want to see him again.
Mary told Tom about the job she'd been offered.
Mary thought she was smarter than anybody else.
Mary thought she was going to have a good time.
Mary thought she might be permitted to do that.
Mary thought Tom was hiding something from her.
Mary thought Tom knew how much she hated opera.
Mary thinks she'll probably never fall in love.
Mary thinks Tom would be upset if she did that.
Mary thinks Tom would be angry if she did that.
Mary still hasn't told me what she plans to do.
Mary still hasn't found what she's looking for.
Mary still hasn't done what we asked her to do.
Mary still has a lot of things she wants to do.
Mary still has a lot of things she needs to do.
Mary still doesn't know why she has to do that.
Mary showed up at the party with her boyfriend.
Mary should've done that the way we showed her.
Mary should've done that the way I told her to.
Mary should've been able to do that on her own.
Mary should've been able to do that by herself.
Mary should tell Tom she won't do that anymore.
Mary should tell Tom she won't be at his party.
Mary should tell Tom she wants to quit her job.
Mary should do what her teacher told her to do.
Mary seems to be unaware of what she has to do.
Mary seems to be aware of what she needs to do.
Mary seems convinced that she needs to do that.
Mary seemed to know what she was talking about.
Mary seemed to know exactly what she was doing.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her about it.
Mary says that she doesn't feel like going out.
Mary says that she can prove that Tom did that.
Mary says she's thinking about getting married.
Mary says she's thinking about becoming a cook.
Mary says she's already decided not to do that.
Mary says she'll be present at today's meeting.
Mary says she'd rather do that some other time.
Mary says she won't be bullied into doing that.
Mary says she won't ask Tom to do that anymore.
Mary says she wants to travel around the world.
Mary says she wants to buy one of my paintings.
Mary says she thinks she'll be able to do that.
Mary says she still can't believe Tom did that.
Mary says she saw people running and screaming.
Mary says she plans on staying here all summer.
Mary says she needs to finish what she's doing.
Mary says she likes Boston better than Chicago.
Mary says she hopes Tom will help her tomorrow.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't try to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom can do that by himself.
Mary says she hasn't seen Tom for three months.
Mary says she has no desire to do that anymore.
Mary says she expects Tom to do that on Monday.
Mary says she expects Tom to be back on Monday.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that with you.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that with Tom.
Mary says she doesn't want to ask Tom for help.
Mary says she doesn't think you should do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom should do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom has to do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom had to do that.
Mary says she doesn't like chocolate ice cream.
Mary says she doesn't have time to do that now.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that now.
Mary says she didn't know Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom couldn't do that.
Mary says she definitely won't do that anymore.
Mary says everyone she knows enjoys doing that.
Mary sang better tonight than she usually does.
Mary said that she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't ready to get married.
Mary said that she wasn't motivated to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't able to walk anymore.
Mary said that she was very tempted to do that.
Mary said that she was very anxious to do that.
Mary said that she was the last one to do that.
Mary said that she was glad she didn't do that.
Mary said that she was glad Tom didn't do that.
Mary said that she wanted to borrow some money.
Mary said that she told Tom to do his homework.
Mary said that she needed to borrow some money.
Mary said that she didn't want to go to Boston.
Mary said that she didn't want to eat anything.
Mary said that she didn't want to be disturbed.
Mary said that she didn't know where Tom lived.
Mary said that she did her homework by herself.
Mary said she's very sure Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she's really sorry for what happened.
Mary said she's really glad she didn't do that.
Mary said she's quicker at doing that than Tom.
Mary said she's not looking for a relationship.
Mary said she's glad that you did that for her.
Mary said she's glad Tom has finally graduated.
Mary said she's been trying to do that all day.
Mary said she's been asked not do that anymore.
Mary said she'll try to buy everything we need.
Mary said she'll help me get everything I need.
Mary said she'd try to do that again on Monday.
Mary said she'd try doing that again on Monday.
Mary said she'd rather not ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd rather do that some other time.
Mary said she'd help me do what I needed to do.
Mary said she'd be willing to help Tom do that.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that for free.
Mary said she'd be embarrassed to do that here.
Mary said she'd be at this afternoon's meeting.
Mary said she wouldn't mind doing that for Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't be able do anytime soon.
Mary said she wasn't willing to take that risk.
Mary said she wasn't willing to do that for us.
Mary said she wasn't expecting Tom to help her.
Mary said she wasn't expecting Tom to be there.
Mary said she was too drunk to help me do that.
Mary said she was too busy to help Tom do that.
Mary said she was hoping we could eat together.
Mary said she was having a good time in Boston.
Mary said she was going to allow us to do that.
Mary said she was glad that she didn't do that.
Mary said she was glad that Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she was concerned about that problem.
Mary said she was asked not to do that anymore.
Mary said she was afraid to do that by herself.
Mary said she wanted to stay home this weekend.
Mary said she wanted to eat the fish and chips.
Mary said she wanted Tom to do that by himself.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to help us.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she thought she could do that for me.
Mary said she thought doing that would be safe.
Mary said she thought Tom was going to do that.
Mary said she thinks Tom isn't able to do that.
Mary said she suspected that Tom would do that.
Mary said she shouldn't have walked home alone.
Mary said she really did want to be here today.
Mary said she needs to find another babysitter.
Mary said she needed to do that sometime today.
Mary said she needed a special tool to do that.
Mary said she left a few minutes after Tom did.
Mary said she learned how to do that on Monday.
Mary said she learned how to do that in Boston.
Mary said she hopes to be back by October 20th.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't let John do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't do that by alone.
Mary said she hoped she didn't need to do that.
Mary said she hoped she didn't have to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she hoped Tom didn't need to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom didn't have to do that.
Mary said she hasn't met any of Tom's brothers.
Mary said she had a good reason for doing that.
Mary said she figured she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think she has to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom should do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom has to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom had to do that.
Mary said she doesn't mind buying that for you.
Mary said she doesn't know how to speak French.
Mary said she didn't want you to do that again.
Mary said she didn't want to stay home all day.
Mary said she didn't want to do that right now.
Mary said she didn't want that to happen again.
Mary said she didn't think Tom really did that.
Mary said she didn't really feel like laughing.
Mary said she didn't really care what happened.
Mary said she didn't like the way Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't know Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said she didn't have very much experience.
Mary said she didn't have to worry about money.
Mary said she didn't have to do that right now.
Mary said she didn't have to do that every day.
Mary said she didn't have any time to watch TV.
Mary said she didn't have any plans to do that.
Mary said she didn't expect anyone to help her.
Mary said she didn't expect anybody to do that.
Mary said she didn't believe that would happen.
Mary said she didn't believe Tom could do that.
Mary said she did that as quickly as she could.
Mary said she couldn't remember how to do that.
Mary said she couldn't keep Tom for doing that.
Mary said she asked herself that same question.
Mary said she and Tom had a fight this morning.
Mary said it was more harder than she expected.
Mary said her father told her never to do that.
Mary said everyone she knows enjoys doing that.
Mary said Tom wasn't going to do that with her.
Mary said Tom told her he was ready to do that.
Mary said I didn't sound as excited as she was.
Mary said I could wait here until she got back.
Mary remembered the last time she'd hugged Tom.
Mary realized that she shouldn't be doing that.
Mary realized she'd forgotten to lock the door.
Mary realized she no longer needed to help Tom.
Mary promised to come, but she never showed up.
Mary promised that she'd never lie to me again.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't tell anyone.
Mary promised me she'd do that, but she didn't.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't try to kiss him.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary probably won't want to do that by herself.
Mary probably won't do what she says she'll do.
Mary probably knows more than she's telling us.
Mary probably doesn't know what she has to buy.
Mary probably didn't really mean what she said.
Mary pretended that she was having a good time.
Mary pretended that she didn't know the answer.
Mary played basketball when she was in college.
Mary parked her car in front of a fire hydrant.
Mary often reads when she's waiting for people.
Mary never told me she wanted to go to Harvard.
Mary never told me she didn't know how to swim.
Mary needs to go back home to get her passport.
Mary needs at least $300 to buy what she needs.
Mary must've been very tired when she got home.
Mary must be busier now than she was last year.
Mary might not be as smart as you think she is.
Mary might not be as happy as you think she is.
Mary might like it, but I don't think she will.
Mary might get arrested if she does that again.
Mary may not want to do that, but she needs to.
Mary managed to get out of the pool by herself.
Mary made a list of places she wanted to visit.
Mary looks exactly the same as she always does.
Mary looked like she was in a hurry to do that.
Mary looked like she was going to start crying.
Mary looked like she was getting ready for bed.
Mary looked like she was determined to do that.
Mary looked at herself in the rear-view mirror.
Mary looked around, but she didn't see anybody.
Mary likes to do that whenever she's in Boston.
Mary likes doing that whenever she's in Boston.
Mary let me know that she was going to do that.
Mary let Tom know that she'd done that already.
Mary let Tom know that she'd already done that.
Mary left her suitcase in the trunk of her car.
Mary learned how to do that when she was a kid.
Mary knows what time she's supposed to be here.
Mary knows that Tom doesn't like her very much.
Mary knows something that she's not telling us.
Mary knows she's wrong, but she won't admit it.
Mary knows she's not supposed to do that again.
Mary knew why Tom didn't want her at his party.
Mary knew that she wasn't likely to be elected.
Mary knew that she was going to need some help.
Mary knew she wasn't going to win the argument.
Mary knew she should wait, but she left anyway.
Mary knew she might need to do that by herself.
Mary knew she might have to do that by herself.
Mary just called me to tell me that she's lost.
Mary isn't the kind of person you think she is.
Mary isn't quite sure what she should be doing.
Mary isn't quite as reliable as she used to be.
Mary isn't likely be punished for what she did.
Mary isn't going to have to do that by herself.
Mary isn't doing that the way I told her to.
Mary isn't as rich as most people think she is.
Mary isn't as poor as most people think she is.
Mary isn't as good a golfer as she says she is.
Mary isn't as crazy as everybody thinks she is.
Mary is younger than you probably think she is.
Mary is willing to help us tomorrow, isn't she?
Mary is waiting for someone to do that for her.
Mary is waiting for Tom to tell her what to do.
Mary is very sure she can take care of herself.
Mary is unwilling to do what we want her to do.
Mary is unlikely to do what she says she'll do.
Mary is trying to do what she's supposed to do.
Mary is tired of people telling her what to do.
Mary is thinking about what she should do next.
Mary is stronger than most people think she is.
Mary is still living on Park Street, isn't she?
Mary is still just a kid, so let's forgive her.
Mary is smarter than you probably think she is.
Mary is quite capable of looking after herself.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary is probably going to be safe where she is.
Mary is planning to be at the party, isn't she?
Mary is never going to pay me what she owes me.
Mary is lying. I didn't do what she says I did.
Mary is lucky that she's still able to do that.
Mary is likely to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is likely to be hungry when she gets here.
Mary is going to get hurt if she's not careful.
Mary is going to do whatever you ask her to do.
Mary is going to do that the way I told her to.
Mary is going to be starved when she gets home.
Mary is going to be furious when she finds out.
Mary is going to ask Tom to do that, isn't she?
Mary is doing everything she can to save money.
Mary is confident she can take care of herself.
Mary is careful about what she eats and drinks.
Mary is always asking me to get things for her.
Mary is afraid to go out after dark, isn't she?
Mary is a liar if she says she saw us together.
Mary injured herself when she tried to do that.
Mary hasn't yet told me why she has to do that.
Mary hasn't yet told me why she didn't do that.
Mary hasn't yet told me who helped her do that.
Mary hasn't yet decided what she's going to do.
Mary hasn't told me yet why she has to do that.
Mary hasn't done everything she was told to do.
Mary hasn't decided what she's going to do yet.
Mary has told me she'll study French next year.
Mary has three months left until she graduates.
Mary has three extra tickets she wants to sell.
Mary has no idea when Tom wants her to do that.
Mary has just told me that she found a new job.
Mary has finally found something she's good at.
Mary has evidently made up her mind to do that.
Mary has been to your place before, hasn't she?
Mary has been staying with her uncle in Boston.
Mary has been living in Boston with her father.
Mary has been living by herself since Tom died.
Mary has asked Tom to drive her to the airport.
Mary has already told Tom what she wants to do.
Mary has already told Tom what she needs to do.
Mary has already told Tom she wants to do that.
Mary has admitted that she stole Tom's bicycle.
Mary has a lot of things she wants to do today.
Mary has a lot of things she needs to do today.
Mary hardly ever spends time with her children.
Mary had to do something she didn't want to do.
Mary had only herself to blame for the failure.
Mary had no idea why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary had difficulty convincing Tom to help her.
Mary got up early so she could see the sunrise.
Mary got to where she couldn't do that anymore.
Mary got married when she was thirty years old.
Mary found the key that she thought she'd lost.
Mary enjoyed herself at the dance last weekend.
Mary eats chocolate ice cream whenever she can.
Mary drank the whole bottle of wine by herself.
Mary drank the whole bottle of milk by herself.
Mary doesn't want Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary doesn't think that Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think she's capable of doing that.
Mary doesn't think she really needs to do that.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't really think I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't really enjoy doing that, does she?
Mary doesn't often talk about her private life.
Mary doesn't need to go if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't like it when people say no to her.
Mary doesn't like anybody and nobody likes her.
Mary doesn't know whether Tom likes her or not.
Mary doesn't know that Tom thinks she's stupid.
Mary doesn't know that Tom is in love with her.
Mary doesn't know much about sailing, does she?
Mary doesn't know exactly what she ought to do.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't have to go if she doesn't want to.
Mary doesn't go fishing as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't come here as often as she used to.
Mary didn't want to admit that she didn't know.
Mary didn't want to admit she couldn't do that.
Mary didn't tell me that she grew up in Boston.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she needed more money.
Mary didn't tell Tom she'd been married before.
Mary didn't tell Tom she couldn't speak French.
Mary didn't seem to really be enjoying herself.
Mary didn't seem to like talking about herself.
Mary didn't seem to know what she needed to do.
Mary didn't seem to have everything she needed.
Mary didn't say when she was planning to leave.
Mary didn't really seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary didn't really mean what she said, did she?
Mary didn't often do that when she was younger.
Mary didn't notice that she was being followed.
Mary didn't notice that Tom was staring at her.
Mary didn't look like she was enjoying herself.
Mary didn't like to do that when she was a kid.
Mary didn't let her children go to Tom's party.
Mary didn't learn to swim until she was thirty.
Mary didn't know why Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that today.
Mary didn't know that Tom was in love with her.
Mary didn't have to stay if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to help us today, but she did.
Mary didn't have to help if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have to get up as early as she did.
Mary didn't have to come if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't have permission to do what she did.
Mary didn't give Tom her real telephone number.
Mary didn't even notice Tom was looking at her.
Mary didn't eat as much as I thought she'd eat.
Mary didn't do that because she didn't want to.
Mary didn't buy me what she promised she'd buy.
Mary didn't buy everything we asked her to buy.
Mary didn't actually do what she said she'd do.
Mary did study, but she didn't study very much.
Mary did everything she possibly could to help.
Mary decided that she wanted to live in Boston.
Mary decided that she wanted to eat by herself.
Mary decided she was too old for rock climbing.
Mary couldn't tell time until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't go swimming because she was sick.
Mary could've been there, but I didn't see her.
Mary could run a lot faster when she was young.
Mary could get injured if she tried to do that.
Mary could get arrested if she does that again.
Mary could do that for Tom if he wanted her to.
Mary complained that she had too much homework.
Mary complained about the way they treated her.
Mary claims she's able to take care of herself.
Mary claimed she walked from Boston to Chicago.
Mary certainly appeared to be enjoying herself.
Mary carries a harmonica with her at all times.
Mary carries a harmonica with her all the time.
Mary can't do that alone. You need to help her.
Mary can't do that alone. You have to help her.
Mary can go swimming right now if she wants to.
Mary bought herself a new guitar for Christmas.
Mary bought Tom everything he asked her to buy.
Mary began writing songs when she was thirteen.
Mary assured us that she won't do that anymore.
Mary assured me that she'd never do that again.
Mary asked us if we'd like to do that with her.
Mary asked me to wait here until she came back.
Mary asked me to tell her why I didn't do that.
Mary asked me if she could go home early today.
Mary asked if it would be safe if she did that.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to drive a car.
Mary asked Tom to pass her the salt and pepper.
Mary asked Tom not to wake her up before seven.
Mary asked Tom if she could borrow his bicycle.
Mary asked Tom if he'd mind doing that for her.
Mary asked Tom if he could make her a sandwich.
Mary admitted to Tom that she couldn't do that.
Mary admitted that she'd stolen money from Tom.
Make sure Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
Just tell Mary she'll have to wait another day.
It's necessary for Mary to talk to Tom herself.
Is it necessary for Mary to do that by herself?
I've already given Mary what she really wanted.
I'm sure Mary will be tired when she gets home.
I'm sure Mary appreciated what you did for her.
I'm pretty sure Mary did what she said she did.
I'm looking for Mary. Do you know where she is?
I'm going over to Mary's to ask her to help us.
I'll buy whatever Mary wants me to buy for her.
I wouldn't forgive Mary even if she apologized.
I wonder why Mary didn't want Tom at her party.
I wonder whether Mary's friends would help her.
I wonder whether Mary can take care of herself.
I was surprised when Mary told me she loved me.
I was looking for Mary, but she found me first.
I want to tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I told Mary that she should do that by herself.
I told Mary I wanted her to come here tomorrow.
I told Mary I thought she was wasting her time.
I thought Mary would figure it out for herself.
I thought Mary was wasting her time doing that.
I thought Mary said she needed to buy a shovel.
I think you should tell Mary that you love her.
I think you should let Mary do that by herself.
I think Mary would like you to do that for her.
I think Mary would do that if you asked her to.
I think Mary would be forgiven if she did that.
I think Mary will be hungry when she gets home.
I think Mary said she's already read this book.
I think Mary knows she needs to help Tom today.
I think Mary is sure that's what she has to do.
I think Mary did exactly what she said she did.
I think Mary came to Boston when she was young.
I suggest you let Mary do what she wants to do.
I should probably tell Mary what she has to do.
I promised Mary that I'd go to Boston with her.
I never even got to tell Mary that I loved her.
I looked around for Mary, but I didn't see her.
I hope Mary sings the song I asked her to sing.
I hope Mary likes the present I bought for her.
I hope Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what Tom asked her to do.
I haven't seen Mary since she and Tom broke up.
I have a feeling Mary can take care of herself.
I don't think Mary wants to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows why Tom is mad at her.
I don't think Mary knows what she needs to buy.
I don't think Mary knows that I don't like her.
I don't know how Mary did that, but she did it.
I don't believe Mary did what Tom said she did.
I didn't think Mary would do that, but she did.
I didn't tell Mary why I wanted her to do that.
I didn't tell Mary what she was supposed to do.
I didn't really think Mary did that by herself.
I didn't do what Mary said she wanted me to do.
I convinced Mary to lie about where she'd been.
How did Mary react when she saw Tom doing that?
How did Mary get Tom to give her so much money?
Has Mary told you why she doesn't want to stay?
Find Mary and tell her to come here right away.
Does Mary think she'll be in Boston all summer?
Do you think Mary will let Tom do that for her?
Do you really think Mary will let you help her?
Do you have any idea why Mary did what she did?
Did you tell Mary she could go see Tom tonight?
Did you ask Mary why she wasn't here yesterday?
Did you ask Mary why she wasn't at the meeting?
Did Mary tell you about what she did last week?
Did Mary say she thought she needed to do that?
Did Mary ever tell you why she never remarried?
Ask Mary whether she's going to do that or not.
Ask Mary if she has anyone to help her do that.
All Mary wanted was for Tom to leave her alone.
You should just let Mary cry herself to sleep.
You can't exactly blame Mary for what she did.
Why would Mary do that if she doesn't have to?
Who's going to tell Mary she can't go with us?
Who did Mary think would lend her an umbrella?
Who did Mary say she wanted to go skiing with?
When I told Mary I'd done that, she got angry.
When I first met Mary, I didn't like her much.
What was Mary doing the last time you saw her?
What time did Mary tell you she'd be arriving?
What do you want me to tell Mary if she calls?
What did you tell Mary she was supposed to do?
What did you tell Mary she was expected to do?
What did Mary tell you she was supposed to do?
What did Mary tell you she was expected to do?
We're not going to leave Mary here by herself.
We need to stop Mary before she hurts herself.
We can't let Mary walk. Let's give her a ride.
We all hope Mary does what she says she'll do.
Was it you who told Mary she ought to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she needs to do that?
This is where Mary stays when she's in Boston.
Tell Mary to get back here as soon as she can.
Tell Mary Tom is waiting for her in the lobby.
Since Mary was sick, she went to the hospital.
Since Mary was sick, she couldn't go swimming.
Please tell Mary what you think she should do.
Please tell Mary she needs to be here by 2:30.
Perhaps Mary knows more than she's telling us.
One of Mary's problems is that she can't read.
None of Mary's classmates offered to help her.
Maybe Mary doesn't know what she needs to buy.
Maybe Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary's still taking her medication, isn't she?
Mary's parents let her stay out late at night.
Mary's parents are probably worried about her.
Mary's parents allow her to do what she wants.
Mary's mother told her not to jump on her bed.
Mary's friends knew she couldn't speak French.
Mary's friends asked her to come out and play.
Mary's father doesn't allow her to drink wine.
Mary's doctor advised her to give up drinking.
Mary's at the door. Please ask her to come in.
Mary wouldn't tell us where she hid the money.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she didn't like Tom.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she didn't do that.
Mary wouldn't let anybody do anything for her.
Mary wouldn't be happy if we made her do that.
Mary would've succeeded if she'd tried harder.
Mary would tell me if she wasn't happy, right?
Mary would often do that when she was younger.
Mary would never do that when she was younger.
Mary would lend you money if you asked her to.
Mary would leave early if she were allowed to.
Mary wondered why everyone was staring at her.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't want to help her.
Mary won't likely tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary won't likely enjoy doing that by herself.
Mary won't know we're here unless we tell her.
Mary won't find anyone who'll do that for her.
Mary won't admit it, but she's in big trouble.
Mary wished she hadn't told Tom she loved him.
Mary will unlikely want to do that by herself.
Mary will unlikely need to do that by herself.
Mary will unlikely have to do that by herself.
Mary will probably tell Tom what he has to do.
Mary will probably tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary will probably get fined if she does that.
Mary will never be able to do that by herself.
Mary will miss the train if she doesn't hurry.
Mary will likely be punished for what she did.
Mary will likely be hungry when she gets home.
Mary will help you do that if you want her to.
Mary will help Tom do that if she asks her to.
Mary will have to take better care of herself.
Mary will come back home when she gets hungry.
Mary will be living in Boston with her father.
Mary went back to where she'd met Tom earlier.
Mary went back to her car to get her umbrella.
Mary wasn't convinced that she had to do that.
Mary wasn't able to eat as much she wanted to.
Mary wasn't able to do anything she had to do.
Mary wasn't able to buy everything she needed.
Mary was upset when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary was unable to do what we asked her to do.
Mary was surprised when she saw Tom in Boston.
Mary was so tired she didn't even want to eat.
Mary was shocked when I told her what Tom did.
Mary was paid thirty dollars for what she did.
Mary was hoping she could go sailing with Tom.
Mary was dancing by herself on the back porch.
Mary was convinced that she needed to do that.
Mary was born in Boston and she grew up there.
Mary was able to solve the problem by herself.
Mary was a bit surprised by what Tom told her.
Mary wants to get somebody to do that for her.
Mary wanted to live close to where she worked.
Mary wanted to know who was going to help her.
Mary wanted to help, but she didn't have time.
Mary wanted to get someone to do that for her.
Mary wanted the job, but they didn't hire her.
Mary wanted Tom to tell her that he loved her.
Mary wanted Tom to show her how to make pizza.
Mary wanted Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary wanted Tom to help her solve the problem.
Mary visits me every time she comes to Boston.
Mary visits Tom every time she goes to Boston.
Mary used to do that, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to do that better than she does now.
Mary used the money I gave her to buy a bicycle.
Mary tried to open the door, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to leave, but Tom wouldn't let her.
Mary tried to do that, but she wasn't able to.
Mary tried to convince Tom that she'd changed.
Mary tried to convince Tom that she was right.
Mary tried not to think about what she'd done.
Mary took something that didn't belong to her.
Mary took off her jacket and handed it to Tom.
Mary told me that she's determined to do that.
Mary told me that she'd be willing to do that.
Mary told me that she wasn't scared of snakes.
Mary told me that she was hesitant to do that.
Mary told me that she thought she had the flu.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was worried.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was thirsty.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was strange.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sincere.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was serious.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was selfish.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was retired.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was puzzled.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was outside.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was nervous.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was married.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was jealous.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was correct.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was adopted.
Mary told me that she thought Tom looked pale.
Mary told me that she thought Tom knew French.
Mary told me that she saw someone kissing Tom.
Mary told me that she liked working in Boston.
Mary told me that she hadn't seen Tom all day.
Mary told me that she doesn't know what to do.
Mary told me that she didn't love Tom anymore.
Mary told me she's still not fluent in French.
Mary told me she's not going to do that again.
Mary told me she'd wait until 2:30 to do that.
Mary told me she'd do that if I did that, too.
Mary told me she'd be glad to help me do that.
Mary told me she wouldn't get home until 2:30.
Mary told me she won't be in Boston next week.
Mary told me she was planning to go to Boston.
Mary told me she wanted to do that by herself.
Mary told me she wanted me to stop doing that.
Mary told me she wanted me to do that for her.
Mary told me she wanted me to do that for Tom.
Mary told me she thought this was a good idea.
Mary told me she thought she wouldn't do that.
Mary told me she thought she couldn't do that.
Mary told me she thought Tom couldn't do that.
Mary told me she needed to buy a new computer.
Mary told me she had to go back to the office.
Mary told me she didn't like living in Boston.
Mary told me she didn't know why Tom had left.
Mary told me she already has plans for Monday.
Mary told everyone that she'd passed the exam.
Mary told Tom why she needed to buy a new car.
Mary told Tom to give her a call after dinner.
Mary told Tom that she'd seen John with Alice.
Mary told Tom that she'd seen John in October.
Mary told Tom that she'd be unable to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be likely to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be afraid to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't sure what to do.
Mary told Tom that she was through doing that.
Mary told Tom that she was tempted to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was obliged to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wanted to study French.
Mary told Tom that she used to live in Boston.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was upset.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was tired.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was right.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was ready.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was pushy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was lucky.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was funny.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was drunk.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was crazy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was broke.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was brave.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was bossy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was bored.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was awake.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was angry.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was alone.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was alive.
Mary told Tom that she didn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't like doing that.
Mary told Tom that she didn't know what to do.
Mary told Tom she was almost ready to do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't want anything to eat.
Mary thought she'd forgotten to lock the door.
Mary thought she was going to win the contest.
Mary thought she was going to enjoy the party.
Mary thought she might be required to do that.
Mary thought she heard a mouse in the kitchen.
Mary thought she had come up with a good plan.
Mary thought she had a chance to win the race.
Mary thought Tom knew why she didn't like him.
Mary thinks some of her friends might do that.
Mary thinks some of her friends could do that.
Mary thinks she'll go shopping this afternoon.
Mary thinks she speaks French better than Tom.
Mary talked Tom into going to Boston with her.
Mary studies much harder now than she used to.
Mary stressed that she didn't want to do that.
Mary still has a lot of things she has to buy.
Mary still doesn't realize that Tom hates her.
Mary started doing that when she was thirteen.
Mary spends a lot of her free time doing that.
Mary sold the guitar that her father gave her.
Mary showed me a drawing of Tom that she drew.
Mary showed Tom some pictures of her hometown.
Mary showed Tom several pictures of her house.
Mary shouldn't have gone to Boston by herself.
Mary should've visited Boston, but she didn't.
Mary should've told Tom about what she'd done.
Mary should've gone to Tom's house by herself.
Mary should've done that the way I showed her.
Mary should've done that before she went home.
Mary should tell Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary should tell Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary should tell Tom she doesn't like her job.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she's tired.
Mary should be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary seemed to be thoroughly enjoying herself.
Mary seemed to be aware of what she had to do.
Mary seemed convinced that she had to do that.
Mary says that she'll teach French to my kids.
Mary says that she'd like to do that with you.
Mary says that she won't shake hands with Tom.
Mary says she's too tired to do anything else.
Mary says she's too tired to do any more work.
Mary says she's thinking about not doing that.
Mary says she's not willing to take that risk.
Mary says she's never tried eating whale meat.
Mary says she's never seen anything like that.
Mary says she's always wanted to study French.
Mary says she's always wanted to go to Boston.
Mary says she'll give us all the time we need.
Mary says she'll do that when she's in Boston.
Mary says she'd rather not do that by herself.
Mary says she wants to learn to drive a truck.
Mary says she wants to get married right away.
Mary says she wants to get a driver's license.
Mary says she thinks she can probably do that.
Mary says she thinks it's possible to do that.
Mary says she thinks Tom would really do that.
Mary says she regrets that she didn't do that.
Mary says she regrets having been rude to you.
Mary says she needs to find someplace to live.
Mary says she needs to be in Boston next week.
Mary says she knows Tom won't want to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom won't need to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom won't have to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom won't eat raw carrots.
Mary says she just wants some peace and quiet.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't need to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't have to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom wants to do that, too.
Mary says she hopes Tom is willing to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom can help her tomorrow.
Mary says she has other things to worry about.
Mary says she has enough money to buy a house.
Mary says she forgot to remind Tom to do that.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk about that.
Mary says she doesn't want to see Tom anymore.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that anymore.
Mary says she doesn't think she could do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom would do that.
Mary says she doesn't really know where to go.
Mary says she doesn't really know what to buy.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom did that.
Mary says she doesn't know what she should do.
Mary says she doesn't know what she has to do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom should do.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom has to do.
Mary says she doesn't know anything about Tom.
Mary says she doesn't intend to do that again.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that anymore.
Mary says she can already do that fairly well.
Mary says she and Tom seldom eat out together.
Mary says it's urgent that she speak with you.
Mary saw something she wasn't supposed to see.
Mary sat down next to someone she didn't know.
Mary said you're better at French than she is.
Mary said they wouldn't permit her to do that.
Mary said that wasn't the reason she did that.
Mary said that she'll go to Boston next month.
Mary said that she'd interested in doing that.
Mary said that she wouldn't obey those orders.
Mary said that she wasn't finished doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't at home last Monday.
Mary said that she was very glad she did that.
Mary said that she was very glad Tom did that.
Mary said that she was glad that she did that.
Mary said that she was glad that Tom did that.
Mary said that she thought that it might rain.
Mary said that she thought Tom would be early.
Mary said that she likes hanging out with Tom.
Mary said that she didn't think it would rain.
Mary said that she didn't know how to do that.
Mary said that she didn't have a lot of money.
Mary said that she could make it to the party.
Mary said she's really glad she could do that.
Mary said she's ready to do whatever it takes.
Mary said she's only gone camping three times.
Mary said she's not sure whether Tom can swim.
Mary said she's not sure Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she's looking forward to seeing Tom.
Mary said she's looking forward to doing that.
Mary said she's happy that you didn't do that.
Mary said she's gone sailing only three times.
Mary said she's glad you were able to do that.
Mary said she's glad she was asked to do that.
Mary said she's faster at doing that than Tom.
Mary said she's determined to do that for Tom.
Mary said she's better at doing that than Tom.
Mary said she's been trying to be cooperative.
Mary said she's been told not do that anymore.
Mary said she'll stay where she is until 2:30.
Mary said she'd try to do that again tomorrow.
Mary said she'd try doing that again tomorrow.
Mary said she'd rather not do that by herself.
Mary said she'd like to know why you did that.
Mary said she'd like to know why Tom did that.
Mary said she'd do that, so you don't have to.
Mary said she'd come, but she never showed up.
Mary said she'd been asked a lot of questions.
Mary said she'd be willing to wait until 2:30.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that for you.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that for Tom.
Mary said she'd be here, but I can't find her.
Mary said she'd be back the Monday after next.
Mary said she'd ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary said she wouldn't want to live in Boston.
Mary said she wouldn't try to do that anymore.
Mary said she wouldn't try doing that anymore.
Mary said she wouldn't show me how to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't do anything about that.
Mary said she wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Mary said she wondered why Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she won't do that unless I help her.
Mary said she wished she hadn't yelled at Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't let Tom drive.
Mary said she wished she hadn't eaten so much.
Mary said she wished she hadn't drunk so much.
Mary said she wasn't interested in doing that.
Mary said she wasn't going to let Tom do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to help us anymore.
Mary said she wasn't going to do that anymore.
Mary said she wasn't expecting Tom to do that.
Mary said she was willing to help Tom do that.
Mary said she was willing to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she was willing to babysit our kids.
Mary said she was too tired to go any further.
Mary said she was too out of shape to do that.
Mary said she was too busy to help me do that.
Mary said she was told not to do that anymore.
Mary said she was tired and wanted to go home.
Mary said she was looking for a job in Boston.
Mary said she was just about ready to do that.
Mary said she was going to do that by herself.
Mary said she was going to ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she wants go back to Boston someday.
Mary said she wanted to try riding a unicycle.
Mary said she wanted to take an afternoon nap.
Mary said she wanted to see us before we left.
Mary said she wanted to learn how to windsurf.
Mary said she wanted to buy something cheaper.
Mary said she thought you could help us today.
Mary said she thought we might have a problem.
Mary said she thought that would never happen.
Mary said she thought that Tom was having fun.
Mary said she thought that John was Tom's son.
Mary said she thought she should study French.
Mary said she thought she knew how to do that.
Mary said she thought she had to study French.
Mary said she thought she had to speak French.
Mary said she thought she could pass the test.
Mary said she thought she could help us today.
Mary said she thought she could do that today.
Mary said she thought doing that would be fun.
Mary said she thought Tom would be suspicious.
Mary said she thought Tom would be reasonable.
Mary said she thought Tom would be interested.
Mary said she thought Tom would be doing that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't going to win.
Mary said she thought Tom might help us today.
Mary said she thought Tom might be frightened.
Mary said she thought I might want to do that.
Mary said she thought I might need to do that.
Mary said she thought I might have to do that.
Mary said she still had a lot of things to do.
Mary said she saw nothing out of the ordinary.
Mary said she remembers asking Tom to do that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't do that today.
Mary said she probably wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she probably isn't going to do that.
Mary said she needed to sort a few things out.
Mary said she needed to get in touch with Tom.
Mary said she needed to buy something for Tom.
Mary said she needed my help, so I helped her.
Mary said she learned how to do that from Tom.
Mary said she knew we wouldn't be able to win.
Mary said she knew that Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom needed to do that.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she isn't going to be here tomorrow.
Mary said she isn't going Tom's party tonight.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't want to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't need to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't have to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom will help her do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom tries his best to win.
Mary said she hoped that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be at the dance.
Mary said she hadn't seen Tom for a long time.
Mary said she hadn't intended to stay so long.
Mary said she hadn't done that in three years.
Mary said she had to buy some flowers for Tom.
Mary said she had something going on tomorrow.
Mary said she had plenty of friends in Boston.
Mary said she had more important things to do.
Mary said she had a difficult time doing that.
Mary said she found something under the couch.
Mary said she expects Tom to help her do that.
Mary said she expected Tom to be at her party.
Mary said she doesn't want to talk to anybody.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that anymore.
Mary said she doesn't mind doing that for you.
Mary said she doesn't mind doing that for Tom.
Mary said she doesn't know Tom's phone number.
Mary said she didn't want to make you do that.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom do that.
Mary said she didn't want to do that with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to do that that way.
Mary said she didn't want to borrow any money.
Mary said she didn't think Tom should do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom had to do that.
Mary said she didn't know who she could trust.
Mary said she didn't know anything about that.
Mary said she didn't have to work next Monday.
Mary said she didn't have to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she didn't have any books in French.
Mary said she didn't feel like talking to Tom.
Mary said she didn't expect anyone to do that.
Mary said she didn't do what Tom said she did.
Mary said she couldn't see herself doing that.
Mary said she couldn't give us what we wanted.
Mary said she couldn't afford to see a doctor.
Mary said nobody else was willing to help her.
Mary said no one else was willing to help her.
Mary said Tom was willing to help her do that.
Mary said Tom didn't want to do that with her.
Mary said I was the only one who believed her.
Mary said Boston was warmer than she expected.
Mary said Boston was hotter than she expected.
Mary said Boston was cooler than she expected.
Mary said Boston was colder than she expected.
Mary regrets telling Tom her telephone number.
Mary realized she no longer needed to do that.
Mary read the letter she got from Tom to John.
Mary ran too fast for us to catch up with her.
Mary ran too fast for me to catch up with her.
Mary ran away from home when she was thirteen.
Mary promised us she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised that she'd come, but she didn't.
Mary promised that she wouldn't drink anymore.
Mary promised that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised that she wouldn't be late again.
Mary promised me she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised me she wouldn't come here again.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't ever leave him.
Mary probably won't do what we want her to do.
Mary probably wishes she hadn't eaten so much.
Mary probably should've asked Tom to help her.
Mary probably doesn't know that Tom hates her.
Mary probably doesn't know she should do that.
Mary pretended that she knew nothing about it.
Mary pretended that she couldn't speak French.
Mary pretended she couldn't understand French.
Mary poured some milk into a bowl for her cat.
Mary poured another glass of wine for herself.
Mary plays her guitar about three hours a day.
Mary played the clarinet when she was younger.
Mary overheard Tom and John talking about her.
Mary never told me she used to live in Boston.
Mary never should've let Tom out of her sight.
Mary never lets anyone forget that she's rich.
Mary never got the chance to do that, did she?
Mary never does anything unless I tell her to.
Mary never did anything she didn't want to do.
Mary moved to Boston soon after she graduated.
Mary might run into Tom while she's in Boston.
Mary might not know what she's supposed to do.
Mary might not be as rich as you think she is.
Mary might not be as happy as we think she is.
Mary might get killed if she tries to do that.
Mary may not be as hungry as you think she is.
Mary married a man three years older than her.
Mary made up her mind to try doing that again.
Mary loved Tom, but he didn't like her at all.
Mary lost her temper and threw her cup at Tom.
Mary looked pretty sick the last time saw her.
Mary looked like she wasn't feeling very well.
Mary looked like she was reluctant to do that.
Mary looked like she was desperate to do that.
Mary looked at herself in the bathroom mirror.
Mary looked around, but she didn't see anyone.
Mary likes to do almost everything by herself.
Mary lied to us about how much money she made.
Mary let us know that she didn't mind driving.
Mary knows that she sometimes drinks too much.
Mary knows she's supposed to do that tomorrow.
Mary knew you'd try to convince her not to go.
Mary knew there was nothing more she could do.
Mary knew that she wasn't likely to be chosen.
Mary knew that she was unlikely to be elected.
Mary knew that Tom wasn't really angry at her.
Mary knew she was the best player on the team.
Mary knew she shouldn't tell Tom, but she did.
Mary knew she had to do something to help Tom.
Mary killed herself on her thirtieth birthday.
Mary kept on working even though she was sick.
Mary isn't doing that the way she was told to.
Mary isn't as old as most people think she is.
Mary isn't actually going to eat that, is she?
Mary isn't able to do what we asked her to do.
Mary is younger than most people think she is.
Mary is trying to do what you asked her to do.
Mary is too young to go to the zoo by herself.
Mary is still pretending she's not interested.
Mary is still expecting Tom to help her today.
Mary is smarter than most people think she is.
Mary is richer than you probably think she is.
Mary is rich enough to buy whatever she wants.
Mary is rich enough to buy anything she wants.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she's busy.
Mary is probably able to take care of herself.
Mary is positive she can take care of herself.
Mary is only pretending that she doesn't know.
Mary is never going to admit that she's wrong.
Mary is lucky they still allow her to do that.
Mary is lost, but she's unwilling to admit it.
Mary is likely to be tired when she gets home.
Mary is just trying to be romantic, isn't she?
Mary is going to have to do it all by herself.
Mary is going to eat as soon as she gets home.
Mary is going to be punished for what she did.
Mary is going to be late if she doesn't hurry.
Mary is going to be in her office all morning.
Mary is going to be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is going to be hungry when she gets here.
Mary is going to be forgiven for what she did.
Mary is coming here this afternoon, isn't she?
Mary is busy right now and she can't help you.
Mary is being a bit self-indulgent, isn't she?
Mary is always telling Tom that she loves him.
Mary is afraid that she might lose everything.
Mary invited Tom over to her place for dinner.
Mary insisted she wasn't the one who did that.
Mary hopes that Tom won't do that without her.
Mary hoped she wouldn't miss any more classes.
Mary held on to the rope as long as she could.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she wants to do.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she needs to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she's supposed to do.
Mary hasn't told Tom why she wants to do that.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she wants to do yet.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she needs to do yet.
Mary hasn't done everything we told her to do.
Mary hasn't done as much as you think she has.
Mary has vowed that she won't do that anymore.
Mary has very few photos of herself as a baby.
Mary has told me she can take care of herself.
Mary has something she can't wait to show you.
Mary has paid back all the money she borrowed.
Mary has lots of things she wants to do today.
Mary has lots of things she needs to do today.
Mary has lots of things she needs to be doing.
Mary has just been told that she's been fired.
Mary has finally done what we asked her to do.
Mary has decided to try to do that by herself.
Mary has decided to try doing that by herself.
Mary has been told that she needs to pay more.
Mary has been living here since she was a kid.
Mary has asked us to buy her something to eat.
Mary has asked Tom to show her how to do that.
Mary has already told me what she plans to do.
Mary has already told Tom what she has to buy.
Mary has already said that she'll leave early.
Mary has already decided what she wants to do.
Mary has a picture of Tom on her bedroom wall.
Mary has a funny way of laughing, doesn't she?
Mary hardly ever goes out drinking by herself.
Mary hardly ever does what she says she'll do.
Mary hardly ever buys things she doesn't need.
Mary had no idea that she was being too noisy.
Mary had no choice but to ask Tom to help her.
Mary had enough time to do what she had to do.
Mary had better do what she's been told to do.
Mary had a good reason for doing what she did.
Mary got angry when she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary got angry when she found the door locked.
Mary gave me exactly what I told her I needed.
Mary gave a picture that she'd painted to Tom.
Mary found the note that Tom had left for her.
Mary forgot to do what she was supposed to do.
Mary explained why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary explained why she didn't want to do that.
Mary explained to us why she couldn't do that.
Mary expects us do the same thing she's doing.
Mary eventually told Tom that she'd done that.
Mary eventually admitted that she'd done that.
Mary drives by Tom's house on her way to work.
Mary doesn't yet realize what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't think she's ready to do that yet.
Mary doesn't think she's permitted to do that.
Mary doesn't think she needs to do that today.
Mary doesn't think she can get Tom to do that.
Mary doesn't see any reason why she has to go.
Mary doesn't really want to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really need to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't really have to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't play golf as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't need me to tell her how to do it.
Mary doesn't look like she's enjoying herself.
Mary doesn't like to talk about what she does.
Mary doesn't like the house that she lives in.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wasn't at her party.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wanted her to leave.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that again.
Mary doesn't doubt her own ability to do that.
Mary doesn't care what people think about her.
Mary doesn't always do what she's supposed to.
Mary does everything the way Tom tells her to.
Mary does almost everything she's asked to do.
Mary didn't want to give Tom her phone number.
Mary didn't want to do something she'd regret.
Mary didn't want to call attention to herself.
Mary didn't want to admit that she was scared.
Mary didn't want anyone to see her doing that.
Mary didn't want Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust her.
Mary didn't think she was good enough for Tom.
Mary didn't think Tom would leave without her.
Mary didn't think Tom would come to her party.
Mary didn't tell me why she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she needed to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she didn't want to go.
Mary didn't tell me she couldn't speak French.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she had to work late.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she wanted his help.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was going to do that.
Mary didn't speak French when I first met her.
Mary didn't realize that she'd made a mistake.
Mary didn't look well the last time I saw her.
Mary didn't like carrots when she was a child.
Mary didn't know why Tom asked her to do that.
Mary didn't know whether Tom liked her or not.
Mary didn't know that she had to go yesterday.
Mary didn't know that Tom was looking for her.
Mary didn't know she no longer had to do that.
Mary didn't know she had done something wrong.
Mary didn't know she didn't have enough money.
Mary didn't know if she should really do that.
Mary didn't know anything about this, did she?
Mary didn't know Tom thought she should leave.
Mary didn't keep her promise not to tease Tom.
Mary didn't help Tom as much as she should've.
Mary didn't go with you this morning, did she?
Mary didn't get paid for all the work she did.
Mary didn't finish the job we asked her to do.
Mary didn't drink the milk Tom poured for her.
Mary didn't do everything we wanted her to do.
Mary didn't do everything Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't care whether Tom liked her or not.
Mary didn't believe that Tom would lie to her.
Mary didn't actually want to do that, did she?
Mary didn't actually do what she said she did.
Mary did everything she thought she should do.
Mary did everything she thought she needed do.
Mary did everything she thought she had to do.
Mary did everything she promised to do for me.
Mary did everything she felt she needed to do.
Mary did a lot more than what we asked her to.
Mary denies that she was the one who did that.
Mary denied that she was the one who did that.
Mary decided to do what she could to help Tom.
Mary couldn't persuade Tom to accept her gift.
Mary couldn't find the kind of job she wanted.
Mary could've had this job if she'd wanted it.
Mary could've done that, but she chose not to.
Mary could've done that if she'd tried harder.
Mary can stay with us as long as she wants to.
Mary can hardly support herself on her salary.
Mary came to Australia to visit her boyfriend.
Mary bought eggs, but she forgot to buy bread.
Mary believed that what Tom told her was true.
Mary began wearing glasses when she was three.
Mary began to do that when she was very young.
Mary began doing that when she was very young.
Mary ate a whole box of chocolates by herself.
Mary asked me to pass her the salt and pepper.
Mary asked me to help her write a love letter.
Mary asked me if she could borrow my umbrella.
Mary asked me if I'd like to do that with her.
Mary asked me if I'd go with her to the beach.
Mary asked me if I'd go to the beach with her.
Mary asked if there was anything she could do.
Mary asked if she really had to do that today.
Mary asked if she had to do that this morning.
Mary asked Tom to help her organize the party.
Mary asked Tom if he wanted to ride her horse.
Mary always wants to do everything by herself.
Mary always does that when she goes to Boston.
Mary almost injured herself trying to do that.
Mary admitted that what she'd done was stupid.
Mary admitted that she was tempted to do that.
Mary admitted that she didn't know what to do.
Mary actually didn't do what she said she did.
It's obvious that Mary knows what she's doing.
It looks like Mary is really enjoying herself.
If you tell Mary how to do that, she'll do it.
If you see Mary, tell her I'm looking for her.
If you don't want Mary here, ask her to leave.
If Mary had seen anything, she'd have told us.
If I had a daughter, I wouldn't name her Mary.
I've never seen Mary kiss any of her children.
I've already told Mary why she should do that.
I've already told Mary why she has to do that.
I've already told Mary she should leave early.
I've already told Mary she has to leave early.
I'm trying to help Mary, but she won't let me.
I'm sure Mary would've told me if she'd known.
I'm sure Mary appreciates what you do for her.
I'm pretty sure Mary can take care of herself.
I'm not sure if Mary can take care of herself.
I'll never ever forgive Mary for what she did.
I wonder why Mary's friends wouldn't help her.
I wonder whether Mary knew she should do that.
I wonder whether Mary knew she had to do that.
I wonder if Mary actually did that by herself.
I went to Mary's office, but she wasn't there.
I wanted to hug Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I tried to kiss Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I tried to help Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I told Mary that she should go to the meeting.
I told Mary she didn't have to talk so loudly.
I told Mary she could buy whatever she wanted.
I told Mary she could buy anything she wanted.
I told Mary Tom wanted to borrow her mandolin.
I thought Mary would be drunk, but she wasn't.
I thought Mary would be doing that by herself.
I thought Mary would apologize, but she didn't
I think Mary would be safe if she stayed here.
I think Mary would be happier if she did that.
I think Mary will be tired when she gets home.
I think Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
I think Mary did something she shouldn't have.
I should've told Mary why she needed to leave.
I should've told Mary that she had to do that.
I should've let Mary do what she wanted to do.
I should've asked Mary why she didn't do that.
I should tell Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I should tell Mary that I want her to do that.
I never told Mary what she was supposed to do.
I know Mary could do that if she tried harder.
I just hope Mary does what we asked her to do.
I hope Mary will do what she's supposed to do.
I hope Mary knows she doesn't need to do that.
I hope Mary knows she doesn't have to do that.
I hope Mary doesn't think we've forgotten her.
I hope Mary didn't do what you told her to do.
I hope Mary didn't do what Tom told her to do.
I don't think Mary really meant what she said.
I don't think Mary really did that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows what she needs to do.
I don't think Mary has to go there by herself.
I don't really think Mary did that by herself.
I don't know why Mary does that, but she does.
I don't believe Mary can take care of herself.
I didn't think Mary would ask Tom to help her.
How did Mary know what she was supposed to do?
Haven't you asked Mary why she didn't do that?
Has Mary decided what she's going to major in?
Give me Mary's phone number and I'll call her.
Find Mary and tell her to come here right now.
Every time I see Mary, she's eating something.
Eventually, Mary did what she was supposed to.
Does Mary want me to drive her to the airport?
Didn't Mary say she had something to tell Tom?
Did you tell Mary why you want her to do that?
Did you tell Mary what I told you to tell her?
Did Mary tell you what she was planning to do?
Did Mary say she thought we needed to do that?
As a matter of fact, Mary did that by herself.
All I know about Mary is that she's a teacher.
You told Mary she should do that, didn't you?
You should tell Mary that she has to do that.
You knew Mary when she was a kid, didn't you?
You knew Mary said she'd do that, didn't you?
You asked Mary how she'd do that, didn't you?
Why did you let Mary go to Boston by herself?
Who told Mary that she could use my umbrella?
Who did Mary think would cook dinner for her?
When Mary told me that, I didn't believe her.
What's Mary planning to do after she retires?
What time did Mary tell you she was arriving?
What time did Mary say she wanted to do that?
We've already told Mary what she needs to do.
We shouldn't have told Mary what we told her.
We shouldn't have left Mary there by herself.
The shoes I gave Mary were too small for her.
Tell Mary that she needs to apologize to Tom.
Tell Mary she needs to get that done by 2:30.
Tell Mary I'm looking forward to meeting her.
Since Mary was sick, she didn't go to school.
Please tell Mary she needs to get here early.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to do that.
Please tell Mary she doesn't have to do that.
Please make sure Mary doesn't leave her room.
Maybe Mary would like you to do that for her.
Maybe Mary said something she shouldn't have.
Mary's pride won't let her admit she's wrong.
Mary's parents were asleep when she got home.
Mary's parents let her do whatever she wants.
Mary's parents let her do anything she wants.
Mary's mother told her to eat her vegetables.
Mary's doctor referred her to a cardiologist.
Mary's doctor advised her to drink more milk.
Mary wrote poems when she was in high school.
Mary wrote a book while she was in Australia.
Mary writes much better now than she used to.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she didn't do that.
Mary wouldn't go off and leave us, would she?
Mary wouldn't be happy if she had to do that.
Mary would've gone to Boston if she could've.
Mary would've died if Tom hadn't rescued her.
Mary would never say what you think she said.
Mary would do that if she had a lot of money.
Mary would do that again if Tom asked her to.
Mary would do anything to get what she wants.
Mary works harder now than she did last year.
Mary won't tell me where she put my car keys.
Mary won't likely want to do that by herself.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary won't likely need to do that by herself.
Mary won't likely have to do that by herself.
Mary won't be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary won't be able to fix the car by herself.
Mary won't be able to do anything by herself.
Mary wished she'd never asked Tom to do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's not sleepy.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's not hungry.
Mary will probably tell Tom she isn't sleepy.
Mary will probably tell Tom she isn't hungry.
Mary will probably get hurt if she does that.
Mary will likely be tired when she gets home.
Mary will do that for you if you want her to.
Mary will be very careful when she does that.
Mary will be punished if she does that again.
Mary will be arrested if she does that again.
Mary wasn't working very hard when I saw her.
Mary wasn't sure what she was supposed to do.
Mary wasn't sure she needed to do that again.
Mary wasn't sure if she could do that or not.
Mary wasn't supposed to help me, but she did.
Mary wasn't supposed to do that, but she did.
Mary wasn't expecting you to do that for her.
Mary wasn't convinced that she could do that.
Mary wasn't at home when I went to visit her.
Mary wasn't as angry as I expected her to be.
Mary wasn't able to take her eyes off of Tom.
Mary wasn't able to move the desk by herself.
Mary wasn't able to do what she wanted to do.
Mary wasn't able to do what she needed to do.
Mary was wearing a cowboy hat when I saw her.
Mary was told that she's required to do that.
Mary was sure that she'd never see Tom again.
Mary was shocked when she saw Tom doing that.
Mary was scared to go in the cave by herself.
Mary was much taller than I thought she'd be.
Mary was much busier than I thought she'd be.
Mary was married to Tom when I first met her.
Mary was lying to Tom when she told him that.
Mary was hoping she wouldn't need to do that.
Mary was hoping she wouldn't have to do that.
Mary was hoping Tom would eat lunch with her.
Mary was fortunate that Tom did that for her.
Mary was able to do everything she had to do.
Mary wants to get someone to do that for her.
Mary wants Tom to know that he can trust her.
Mary wants Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary wanted to stay longer, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted to know why she couldn't go, too.
Mary wanted Tom to tell her his phone number.
Mary wanted Tom to drive, so she could sleep.
Mary wanted Tom to cook her something to eat.
Mary wanted Tom to bring her a cup of coffee.
Mary very seldom kisses her children anymore.
Mary tried to remember what Tom had told her.
Mary tried to get Tom to cook dinner for her.
Mary tricked Tom into doing her work for her.
Mary took the concert ticket Tom offered her.
Mary told us that she didn't want to do that.
Mary told me to stay here until she got back.
Mary told me that she's reluctant to do that.
Mary told me that she's motivated to do that.
Mary told me that she's desperate to do that.
Mary told me that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary told me that she was too tired to study.
Mary told me that she was through doing that.
Mary told me that she was tempted to do that.
Mary told me that she was going to marry Tom.
Mary told me that she wanted to study French.
Mary told me that she wanted to go to Boston.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was thirty.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was stupid.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was strong.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was stingy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sleepy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was single.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was scared.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was lonely.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was hungry.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was honest.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was guilty.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was boring.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was biased.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was asleep.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was afraid.
Mary told me that she thought Tom could swim.
Mary told me that she thought I looked drunk.
Mary told me that she often dreams in French.
Mary told me that she liked working with Tom.
Mary told me that she does that every Monday.
Mary told me she's always done that that way.
Mary told me she wouldn't ever do that again.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that until 2:30.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that by herself.
Mary told me she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary told me she wasn't going back to Boston.
Mary told me she wasn't able to speak French.
Mary told me she was having trouble sleeping.
Mary told me she sleeps with the window open.
Mary told me she plans to stay at the Hilton.
Mary told me she needed to borrow some money.
Mary told me she needed some time to herself.
Mary told me she found something interesting.
Mary told me she doesn't remember doing that.
Mary told me she didn't want to study French.
Mary told me she didn't want to go to Boston.
Mary told me she didn't want to eat any more.
Mary told me she didn't like speaking French.
Mary told me she didn't know where Tom lived.
Mary told me she didn't have time to do that.
Mary told me she didn't feel like doing that.
Mary told me she couldn't do that by herself.
Mary told me she and Tom had gotten divorced.
Mary told Tom why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary told Tom why she was late for his party.
Mary told Tom why she didn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom what she really thought of him.
Mary told Tom that she'd tried to be careful.
Mary told Tom that she'd eat lunch with John.
Mary told Tom that she'd be happy to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't having any fun.
Mary told Tom that she was unsure what to do.
Mary told Tom that she was in love with John.
Mary told Tom that she was afraid to do that.
Mary told Tom that she wanted him to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was well.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was rich.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was nice.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was lost.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was lazy.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was home.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was dead.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was cold.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was busy.
Mary told Tom she wanted to find another job.
Mary told Tom she didn't know how to do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't have to do anything.
Mary told Tom she didn't have anything to do.
Mary told Tom about what John told her to do.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that for me.
Mary thought she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary thought she might need to do that today.
Mary thought she might be allowed to do that.
Mary thinks some of her friends will do that.
Mary thinks she's smarter than everyone else.
Mary thinks she'd be a good basketball coach.
Mary thinks Tom would be mad if she did that.
Mary talked me into going to church with her.
Mary still hopes Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary still has a lot of things she has to do.
Mary still doesn't want to do that, does she?
Mary still doesn't need to do that, does she?
Mary still doesn't know what she needs to do.
Mary still doesn't have to do that, does she?
Mary started to come in, but Tom stopped her.
Mary spends most of her free time doing that.
Mary slept much longer than she'd planned to.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary should've told Tom that she was married.
Mary should've done much better than she did.
Mary should've asked Tom to help her do that.
Mary should tell Tom that she wants his help.
Mary should tell Tom she won't do that again.
Mary should probably tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary should probably not tell Tom she's busy.
Mary should never have gone there by herself.
Mary should just tell Tom she made a mistake.
Mary seems to be thoroughly enjoying herself.
Mary seems convinced that she has to do that.
Mary says that she doesn't feel like jogging.
Mary says she's thinking about getting a dog.
Mary says she's not interested in doing that.
Mary says she's not in love with Tom anymore.
Mary says she's concerned about Tom's health.
Mary says she's always dreamed of doing that.
Mary says she'll do whatever she can to help.
Mary says she'll do that if Tom wants her to.
Mary says she'll be more careful from now on.
Mary says she won't be able to help us today.
Mary says she won't be able to do that today.
Mary says she won't ask Tom to do that again.
Mary says she wants to buy a present for Tom.
Mary says she thought Tom enjoyed doing that.
Mary says she saw Tom when she was in Boston.
Mary says she knows Tom will want to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom will need to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom will have to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't swim very well.
Mary says she isn't interested in doing that.
Mary says she hopes that Tom doesn't do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom will do that for her.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows how to do that.
Mary says she heard Tom singing on the porch.
Mary says she heard Tom practicing the piano.
Mary says she has no intention of doing that.
Mary says she has no idea what she should do.
Mary says she has no desire to do that again.
Mary says she has a lot of friends in Boston.
Mary says she doesn't want to live in Boston.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will do that.
Mary says she doesn't think I should do that.
Mary says she doesn't remember what happened.
Mary says she doesn't really know what to do.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom does that.
Mary says she doesn't know much about Boston.
Mary says she doesn't know how Tom does that.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that either.
Mary says she didn't know she had to do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom had to do that.
Mary says she definitely won't do that today.
Mary says she definitely won't do that again.
Mary says she can't work on an empty stomach.
Mary says she can't prove Tom didn't do that.
Mary sang a song while she washed the dishes.
Mary said they wouldn't allow her to do that.
Mary said there's nothing she can do to help.
Mary said there wasn't anything she could do.
Mary said the smell didn't bother her at all.
Mary said that she's been wanting to do that.
Mary said that she's been very busy all week.
Mary said that she wasn't through doing that.
Mary said that she wasn't tempted to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't feeling very tired.
Mary said that she wasn't doing that anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't at today's meeting.
Mary said that she was very eager to do that.
Mary said that she was going to be very late.
Mary said that she was determined to do that.
Mary said that she wanted to teach me French.
Mary said that she wanted to see the manager.
Mary said that she wanted to forget about it.
Mary said that she needed a little more time.
Mary said that she didn't want to live alone.
Mary said that she didn't do that by herself.
Mary said that she can't go with us tomorrow.
Mary said she's very sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she's very sure Tom has to do that.
Mary said she's tried doing that three times.
Mary said she's reluctant to do that for Tom.
Mary said she's never seen Tom wearing jeans.
Mary said she's glad she was able to do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom was able to do that.
Mary said she's determined to do that for us.
Mary said she's been forgiven for doing that.
Mary said she's been asked not do that again.
Mary said she'll do that in a couple of days.
Mary said she'll be the first one to do that.
Mary said she'd rather not go to Tom's party.
Mary said she'd rather not do that right now.
Mary said she'd never try to do that at home.
Mary said she'd meet us in the lobby at 2:30.
Mary said she'd love to go to Boston with us.
Mary said she'd finish doing that by herself.
Mary said she'd definitely do that this week.
Mary said she'd buy something for Tom to eat.
Mary said she'd be willing to do the driving.
Mary said she'd be willing to do the cooking.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that for us.
Mary said she wouldn't want to do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't like to do that alone.
Mary said she wouldn't let that happen again.
Mary said she wouldn't have to do that alone.
Mary said she wouldn't have to do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't be willing to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to go with us.
Mary said she wished you knew how to do that.
Mary said she wished to speak to you herself.
Mary said she wished she knew how to do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't been so late.
Mary said she wished Tom knew how to do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure what she should do.
Mary said she wasn't sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure Tom had to do that.
Mary said she wasn't likely to do that today.
Mary said she wasn't good at speaking French.
Mary said she was worried about her daughter.
Mary said she was willing to wait until 2:30.
Mary said she was willing to help us do that.
Mary said she was willing to help me do that.
Mary said she was too tired to help us today.
Mary said she was told to do that by herself.
Mary said she was going to stay up all night.
Mary said she was going to do that yesterday.
Mary said she was enjoying herself in Boston.
Mary said she was asked not to do that again.
Mary said she wanted to try to do that again.
Mary said she wanted to try doing that again.
Mary said she wanted to learn how to do that.
Mary said she wanted to eat breakfast in bed.
Mary said she wanted to buy something to eat.
Mary said she wanted to be there before 2:30.
Mary said she wanted something cold to drink.
Mary said she wanted me to help her tomorrow.
Mary said she wanted Tom to help her do that.
Mary said she thought the room was too small.
Mary said she thought that would happen soon.
Mary said she thought that Tom was a teacher.
Mary said she thought that Tom had done that.
Mary said she thought she'd find another job.
Mary said she thought she needed to help Tom.
Mary said she thought she could cheer Tom up.
Mary said she thought it would rain tomorrow.
Mary said she thought it would probably snow.
Mary said she thought doing that would be OK.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't be scared.
Mary said she thought Tom would be surprised.
Mary said she thought Tom would be impressed.
Mary said she thought Tom would be exhausted.
Mary said she thought Tom would be depressed.
Mary said she thought Tom would be back soon.
Mary said she thought Tom was in the library.
Mary said she thought Tom was good at French.
Mary said she thought Tom looked discouraged.
Mary said she thought I should buy a new car.
Mary said she thinks Tom won't eat very much.
Mary said she thinks Tom isn't going do that.
Mary said she shouldn't have done that alone.
Mary said she should've done that by herself.
Mary said she only needed a few more minutes.
Mary said she only had thirty dollars on her.
Mary said she never had to worry about money.
Mary said she needed to learn how to do that.
Mary said she needed to buy something to eat.
Mary said she might not study French anymore.
Mary said she knew why Tom wanted to do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said she knew she might need to do that.
Mary said she knew she might have to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might want to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might need to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom might have to do that.
Mary said she knew I wasn't going to do that.
Mary said she isn't interested in doing that.
Mary said she isn't going to help us do that.
Mary said she isn't even going to try to win.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't let John drive.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to help us.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she had her reasons for doing that.
Mary said she got really tired of doing that.
Mary said she felt bad about what she'd done.
Mary said she doubted that Tom would do that.
Mary said she doesn't want to talk to anyone.
Mary said she doesn't mind doing that at all.
Mary said she doesn't live in Boston anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to travel with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to talk about work.
Mary said she didn't want to speak in French.
Mary said she didn't want to let Tom do that.
Mary said she didn't want to help us do that.
Mary said she didn't want to do that with us.
Mary said she didn't want to do that with me.
Mary said she didn't want to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't want me to wait for her.
Mary said she didn't think that would happen.
Mary said she didn't think she could do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would do that.
Mary said she didn't think Tom could do that.
Mary said she didn't sleep much Monday night.
Mary said she didn't sleep a wink last night.
Mary said she didn't see anybody in the park.
Mary said she didn't need to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't like the concert at all.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom was absent.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom had gone.
Mary said she didn't know what Tom had to do.
Mary said she didn't know how to play tennis.
Mary said she didn't know Tom's phone number.
Mary said she didn't invite Tom to her party.
Mary said she didn't have to do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't have any fun doing that.
Mary said she didn't have a driver's license.
Mary said she didn't enjoy watching baseball.
Mary said she couldn't loan any money to Tom.
Mary said she could probably help us do that.
Mary said she could do that without any help.
Mary said no cars passed her on her way here.
Mary said it wasn't her who broke the window.
Mary said it was Tom who told her to do that.
Mary said her parents have never spanked her.
Mary said her father told her not to do that.
Mary said everybody she knows has a passport.
Mary said doing that has made her very happy.
Mary said Tom's dog was twice as big as hers.
Mary said Tom wouldn't permit her to do that.
Mary said Tom wouldn't eat anything she made.
Mary said Tom was sleeping when she got home.
Mary said Tom knew she might want to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might need to do that.
Mary said Tom knew she might have to do that.
Mary said Tom is willing to help her do that.
Mary said Tom has never eaten lunch with her.
Mary regrets that she wasn't able to do that.
Mary refused to do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary refused my help and did that on her own.
Mary realized that she might need more money.
Mary realized that Tom had been lying to her.
Mary promised to return the books I lent her.
Mary promised that she wouldn't say anything.
Mary promised she'd help me build a doghouse.
Mary promised me she'd help me clean my room.
Mary promised Tom that she'd never leave him.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't smoke anymore.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't do that again.
Mary pretended that she didn't recognize Tom.
Mary paid someone to help her move the piano.
Mary ought to be able to get home by herself.
Mary opened the door as quietly as she could.
Mary often talks to herself when she's alone.
Mary never told anyone where she hid the key.
Mary never talks about what she does at work.
Mary never should have gone there by herself.
Mary needs to do that before she can go home.
Mary must've forgotten what she promised Tom.
Mary might've left her umbrella in Tom's car.
Mary might've left her car key in Tom's room.
Mary might think that we want her to do that.
Mary might be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary might be richer than we thought she was.
Mary met Tom while she was staying in Boston.
Mary may not want to do that, but she should.
Mary may not want to do that, but she has to.
Mary may not remember me, but I remember her.
Mary may not have done what we think she did.
Mary may not have done what she said she did.
Mary may not be as smart as you think she is.
Mary may not be as happy as you think she is.
Mary may have as much ice cream as she wants.
Mary married a man much younger than herself.
Mary makes lots of promises she doesn't keep.
Mary made a list of things she needed to buy.
Mary looks like she's put on a little weight.
Mary looked like she wasn't enjoying herself.
Mary looked like she was hesitant to do that.
Mary looked like she was finished doing that.
Mary looked around and realized she was lost.
Mary lives with her parents in a small house.
Mary lived with her parents in a small house.
Mary lived on Park Street when she was a kid.
Mary lived in Boston when she was in college.
Mary lived in Australia when she was younger.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she'd do that.
Mary lied to Tom when she said she loved him.
Mary let Tom know that she wanted to do that.
Mary let Tom know she didn't know what to do.
Mary lent all the money she had on her to me.
Mary learned to swim when she was very young.
Mary knows there's only one thing she can do.
Mary knows that she can take care of herself.
Mary knows that Tom doesn't love her anymore.
Mary knows she's not supposed to eat peanuts.
Mary knew you'd try to talk her out of going.
Mary knew there was no way she could do that.
Mary knew the police were trying to find her.
Mary knew that she wasn't going to be chosen.
Mary knew that she was unlikely to be chosen.
Mary knew that Tom didn't like her very much.
Mary knew she wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have to do that anymore.
Mary knew Tom was no longer in love with her.
Mary knew I'd do whatever she asked me to do.
Mary isn't sure yet whether she'll go or not.
Mary isn't sure she can take care of herself.
Mary isn't supposed to be doing that, is she?
Mary isn't really as busy as she says she is.
Mary isn't old enough to go there by herself.
Mary isn't likely to let Tom do that for her.
Mary isn't as disorganized as she used to be.
Mary isn't always as busy as she says she is.
Mary isn't actually going to do that, is she?
Mary is very close to her boyfriend's family.
Mary is unable to do what we asked her to do.
Mary is sitting in the corner all by herself.
Mary is sick and so she can't help Tom today.
Mary is rich enough to do anything she wants.
Mary is rich enough to buy any car she wants.
Mary is probably older than you think she is.
Mary is probably going to forget her promise.
Mary is probably going to do that by herself.
Mary is playing by herself in the front yard.
Mary is older than you probably think she is.
Mary is now living in Boston with her father.
Mary is hoping that Tom will do that for her.
Mary is going to start her new job on Monday.
Mary is going to help you do that, isn't she?
Mary is going to have to go there by herself.
Mary is going to do what she can to help you.
Mary is going to do what she can to help Tom.
Mary is going to do what Tom tells her to do.
Mary is going to do that when her turn comes.
Mary is going to be upset if she doesn't win.
Mary is going to be tired when she gets home.
Mary is going to be sorry she didn't do that.
Mary is busy now, so she can't talk with you.
Mary is being very obedient today, isn't she?
Mary is absent because she's in the hospital.
Mary is able to do that with her eyes closed.
Mary is a lot happier since she changed jobs.
Mary invited Tom and his sister to her party.
Mary injured herself while trying to do that.
Mary hoped that Tom would eat lunch with her.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she wants to do.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she needs to do.
Mary hasn't yet found what she's looking for.
Mary hasn't yet done what we asked her to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she wants to do yet.
Mary hasn't told us what she needs to do yet.
Mary hasn't told me why she wants to do that.
Mary hasn't told me why she needs to do that.
Mary hasn't said anything since she got home.
Mary hasn't done what she was supposed to do.
Mary hasn't done anything she was told to do.
Mary hasn't done anything she shouldn't have.
Mary has something she needs to do right now.
Mary has promised that she'll do that for us.
Mary has persuaded Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary has lived in Boston since she was three.
Mary has let her children do that many times.
Mary has done what Tom said she needed to do.
Mary has done everything we wanted her to do.
Mary has decided she doesn't want to do that.
Mary has been told that she needs to do that.
Mary has been told not to do that by herself.
Mary has been doing that since she was a kid.
Mary has already told Tom what she has to do.
Mary has already told Tom what she can't eat.
Mary has already said that she won't do that.
Mary has already done what she said she'd do.
Mary has already bought everything she wants.
Mary has already bought everything she needs.
Mary has a lot of things she has to do today.
Mary has a car, but she almost never uses it.
Mary hardly ever kisses her children anymore.
Mary had no idea that Tom had a crush on her.
Mary had enough money to buy what she wanted.
Mary had enough money to buy what she needed.
Mary had a party at her place Monday evening.
Mary got everything she wanted for Christmas.
Mary got a very low score on her French test.
Mary forgot to buy what Tom asked her to buy.
Mary drank the white wine Tom poured for her.
Mary drank the orange juice I poured for her.
Mary drank a whole bottle of wine by herself.
Mary doesn't yet know what she's going to do.
Mary doesn't want me to see what she's doing.
Mary doesn't think that I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think she'll be able to do that.
Mary doesn't think she really has to do that.
Mary doesn't think she can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't think she can do that that soon.
Mary doesn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary doesn't think Tom can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't still want to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't still need to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't still have to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't seem to know what she should do.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she has to do.
Mary doesn't remember if she locked the door.
Mary doesn't remember if she did that or not.
Mary doesn't realize what Tom wants from her.
Mary doesn't like Tom telling her what to do.
Mary doesn't know why Tom wants her to leave.
Mary doesn't know what she's going to do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she's doing, does she?
Mary doesn't know what Tom expects her to do.
Mary doesn't know she's got to do that today.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that here.
Mary doesn't know how she's going to do that.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she should do.
Mary doesn't know exactly what she has to do.
Mary doesn't have to do that, but she should.
Mary doesn't do that as often as she used to.
Mary does that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary does look a lot like Alice, doesn't she?
Mary does know what she's doing, doesn't she?
Mary does almost anything Tom asks her to do.
Mary died before she had a chance to do that.
Mary didn't want to tell Tom how old she was.
Mary didn't want to share her lunch with Tom.
Mary didn't want me to go to Boston with her.
Mary didn't want Tom to know what she'd done.
Mary didn't tell me why she'd gone to Boston.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she needed his help.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she didn't like him.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was going to Boston.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was already married.
Mary didn't tell Tom she intended to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she didn't like her job.
Mary didn't say who she was planning to meet.
Mary didn't say where she was planning to go.
Mary didn't say where she was going, did she?
Mary didn't say when she was coming, did she?
Mary didn't really enjoy doing that, did she?
Mary didn't realize what was expected of her.
Mary didn't need to go if she didn't want to.
Mary didn't love Tom as much as he loved her.
Mary didn't look like she was in a good mood.
Mary didn't look like she was having any fun.
Mary didn't know why Tom wanted her to leave.
Mary didn't know what she'd be allowed to do.
Mary didn't know what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't know that what she did was wrong.
Mary didn't know that Tom wanted her to stay.
Mary didn't know she was supposed to do that.
Mary didn't know she had to help Tom do that.
Mary didn't know if she could do that or not.
Mary didn't know how long she'd have to wait.
Mary didn't know how bad I wanted to see her.
Mary didn't have to wait for us, but she did.
Mary didn't have any idea what she should do.
Mary didn't get married until she was thirty.
Mary didn't eat the cookies Tom made for her.
Mary didn't do what she's being punished for.
Mary didn't do that as she was instructed to.
Mary didn't do everything we asked her to do.
Mary didn't come here alone tonight, did she?
Mary didn't buy everything she needed to buy.
Mary did that, even though she didn't want to
Mary did something she wasn't supposed to do.
Mary did much more than what we asked her to.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to do that.
Mary couldn't remember what Tom had told her.
Mary couldn't do everything she needed to do.
Mary could've solved that problem by herself.
Mary could've said something, but she didn't.
Mary could've come yesterday, but she didn't.
Mary could swim when she was three years old.
Mary could stay at our house if she wants to.
Mary could hurt herself if she's not careful.
Mary could hear Tom, but he couldn't see her.
Mary could do that well when she was younger.
Mary could do that if she put her mind to it.
Mary confessed that she had stolen the money.
Mary complained that she couldn't find a job.
Mary closed the door as quietly as she could.
Mary claimed she wasn't the one who did that.
Mary can't remember when she moved to Boston.
Mary can't make herself understood in French.
Mary can't do it alone. You need to help her.
Mary can have as much ice cream as she wants.
Mary came to school even though she was sick.
Mary called to say she'd be three hours late.
Mary burned all the letters she got from Tom.
Mary burned all the letters Tom had sent her.
Mary blames herself for what happened to Tom.
Mary assured us that she won't do that again.
Mary asked me if she could close the windows.
Mary asked me if she could borrow some money.
Mary asked me if I could lend her some money.
Mary asked if it would be OK if she did that.
Mary asked Tom where she should park her car.
Mary asked Tom what he thought she should do.
Mary asked Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary apologized to Tom for losing her temper.
Mary and her boyfriend are in the same class.
Mary almost killed herself trying to do that.
Mary admitted that she ate all the ice cream.
Let's ask Mary when she thinks she'll arrive.
If that's what Mary said, then she was lying.
If Mary came to Boston, where would she stay?
I've already told Mary she can borrow my car.
I'm sure Mary will wish she hadn't done that.
I'm sure Mary will like the gift you got her.
I'm not sure Mary would want Tom to kiss her.
I'll make sure Mary has everything she needs.
I wouldn't let Mary do what she wanted to do.
I wonder why Mary thought she had to do that.
I wonder if Mary really regrets what she did.
I wish Mary had done what we asked her to do.
I tried to hug Mary, but she wouldn't let me.
I told Mary that she should apologize to Tom.
I told Mary that I thought she could do that.
I thought Mary would be angrier than she was.
I think we'd better ask Mary what she thinks.
I think we should let Mary do what she wants.
I think we should ask Mary who told her that.
I think Mary would leave if you asked her to.
I think Mary said she needed to buy a shovel.
I think Mary got home by herself last Monday.
I think Mary expected Tom to ask her to stay.
I think Mary didn't do what she said she did.
I think Mary did that by herself last Monday.
I think Mary could've gotten home by herself.
I think Mary could help Tom if she wanted to.
I think I heard Mary say that she'll do that.
I sure hope Mary does what she said she'd do.
I should've told Mary why she had to do that.
I should tell Mary that she ought to do that.
I should tell Mary that she needs to do that.
I know Mary wants us to go swimming with her.
I knew Mary would love the gift you gave her.
I knew Mary would do what we asked her to do.
I just want Mary to know that we'll miss her.
I hope Mary doesn't say she wants to do that.
I hope Mary doesn't say she needs to do that.
I hope Mary didn't say she wanted to do that.
I have to let Mary know what she needs to do.
I expect Mary has her reasons for doing that.
I don't think Mary knows where she should be.
I don't think Mary knows what she has to buy.
I don't think Mary did what Tom said she did.
I didn't think Mary would do that by herself.
I didn't tell Mary why she needed to do that.
I didn't let Mary finish what she was saying.
I didn't know Mary would ask Tom to help her.
I didn't know Mary had to do that by herself.
I didn't know Mary had asked Tom to help her.
I didn't allow Mary do what she wanted to do.
I asked Mary whether she wanted to go or not.
I asked Mary to do that as soon as she could.
How long does Mary expect us to wait for her?
Have you told Mary why she shouldn't do that?
Has Mary ever told you how she broke her leg?
Has Mary decided where she'll go next summer?
Find Mary and ask her what you just asked me.
Everyone looked at Mary to see what she'd do.
Does Mary think she can take care of herself?
Does Mary stay with you when she's in Boston?
Do you think Mary really meant what she said?
Do you think Mary knew you were lying to her?
Do you think Mary believed what you told her?
Do you know if Mary can take care of herself?
Did you know Mary before she joined the team?
Did Mary say anything about who she was with?
Did Mary say anything about where she'd been?
Did Mary find the person she was looking for?
Did Mary ever tell you how she first met Tom?
Ask Mary if she wants to go swimming with us.
Are you going to tell Mary that you love her?
You'd better tell Mary what she needs to do.
You told Mary she could do that, didn't you?
You said Mary wouldn't kiss me, but she did.
You can't blame Mary for doing what she did.
You asked Mary why she did that, didn't you?
Why should Mary need Tom to do that for her?
Why don't you ask Mary what she plans to do?
Where did Mary say she thought we should go?
What does Mary want to be when she grows up?
Was it you who told Mary she should do that?
Was it you who told Mary she has to do that?
Was it you who told Mary she had to do that?
The police think that Mary poisoned herself.
Tell Mary she should do that this afternoon.
Tell Mary she needs to get home before 2:30.
Since Mary is sick, she can't do that today.
Please tell Mary she needs to do that today.
Please let Mary do whatever she wants to do.
Not even Mary could've done this by herself.
None of Mary's friends knew where she lived.
Maybe Mary saw something she shouldn't have.
Maybe Mary doesn't know what she has to buy.
Mary's light is on, so she's probably awake.
Mary's husband picked her up at the airport.
Mary's family is happy that she's back home.
Mary wouldn't have let her children do that.
Mary wouldn't do that if she didn't want to.
Mary wouldn't do that if she didn't need to.
Mary wouldn't do that if she didn't have to.
Mary would've stayed longer if she could've.
Mary would've helped you if you'd asked her.
Mary would've gone with you if she could've.
Mary would be in Boston now if she could be.
Mary wondered where she was supposed to sit.
Mary won't likely try to do that on her own.
Mary won't likely try to do that by herself.
Mary won't go away if you don't want her to.
Mary won't be here today, because she's sick
Mary wished she'd been invited to the party.
Mary wished she hadn't asked Tom to do that.
Mary wished she could stay in Boston longer.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's not tired.
Mary will probably tell Tom she isn't tired.
Mary will never find what she's looking for.
Mary will never be able to do it by herself.
Mary will need more money than what she has.
Mary will hurt herself if she's not careful.
Mary will hurt herself if she isn't careful.
Mary will have to deal with that on her own.
Mary will get into trouble if she does that.
Mary will come if she's free this afternoon.
Mary will be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary will be really disappointed, won't she?
Mary wasn't waiting where she said she'd be.
Mary wasn't told she didn't need to do that.
Mary wasn't told she didn't have to do that.
Mary wasn't sure what Tom wanted her to buy.
Mary wasn't as hungry as I thought she'd be.
Mary wasn't as busy as Tom told me she'd be.
Mary wasn't able to make herself understood.
Mary was unable to take her eyes off of Tom.
Mary was too scared to walk home by herself.
Mary was the first one to say she'd do that.
Mary was shocked when I told her what I did.
Mary was really skinny when I first met her.
Mary was overweight when she was a teenager.
Mary was hoping that Tom would smile at her.
Mary was here yesterday morning, wasn't she?
Mary was angry because Tom was ignoring her.
Mary wants to be a doctor when she grows up.
Mary wants me to help her with her homework.
Mary wants me to give her my old motorcycle.
Mary wanted me to buy some firewood for her.
Mary wanted Tom to meet some of her friends.
Mary wanted Tom to help her clean the house.
Mary wanted Tom to drive her to the airport.
Mary used to snore, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to drink a lot before she met Tom.
Mary tried to kiss me, but I didn't let her.
Mary tried to get Tom to pay for her ticket.
Mary took more than one picture, didn't she?
Mary told us she didn't think she'd do that.
Mary told us she didn't think she could win.
Mary told us about how nice you were to her.
Mary told the police that she'd been robbed.
Mary told me why she wasn't able to do that.
Mary told me why she wanted to study French.
Mary told me why she didn't want to do that.
Mary told me that she's prepared to do that.
Mary told me that she's hesitant to do that.
Mary told me that she'd be here early today.
Mary told me that she won't do that anymore.
Mary told me that she wants to go to Boston.
Mary told me that she wanted to stay single.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was wrong.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was upset.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was tired.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sorry.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was right.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was ready.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was lucky.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was funny.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was drunk.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was broke.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was bossy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was bored.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was awake.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was angry.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was alone.
Mary told me she wasn't very good at tennis.
Mary told me she wasn't very good at French.
Mary told me she wasn't prepared to do that.
Mary told me she wasn't on the team anymore.
Mary told me she wasn't much older than Tom.
Mary told me she was too sick to work today.
Mary told me she wanted to do that tomorrow.
Mary told me she had a knife I could borrow.
Mary told me she doesn't know Tom very well.
Mary told me she didn't remember doing that.
Mary told me she didn't know how to do that.
Mary told me last week she wouldn't do that.
Mary told everyone that she passed the exam.
Mary told Tom why she wanted him to do that.
Mary told Tom why she needed him to do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be able to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was ready to do that.
Mary told Tom that she was going to do that.
Mary told Tom that she told John to do that.
Mary told Tom that she thought John was fat.
Mary told Tom that she had feelings for him.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't eat peanuts.
Mary told Tom that John was her best friend.
Mary told Tom she'd pick him up around 2:30.
Mary told Tom she was going to leave Boston.
Mary told Tom she wanted to visit Australia.
Mary told Tom she waited for him all morning
Mary told Tom she hadn't seen John in years.
Mary thought that she might be able do that.
Mary thought she'd be able to help us today.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that today.
Mary thinks that I don't know what she said.
Mary thinks some of her friends may do that.
Mary tends to only do what she's told to do.
Mary swore that Tom told her he'd done that.
Mary suggested that I go to Boston with her.
Mary still lives in Boston with her parents.
Mary stayed with me when she came to Boston.
Mary speaks French pretty well, doesn't she?
Mary speaks French fairly well, doesn't she?
Mary showed Tom the picture she was drawing.
Mary shouted to Tom, but he didn't hear her.
Mary should've left when she had the chance.
Mary should've done what Tom told her to do.
Mary should've asked me before she did that.
Mary should've asked Tom to do that for her.
Mary should tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary should tell Tom she'll never leave him.
Mary should tell Tom she intends to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she loves him.
Mary should let Tom know that she likes him.
Mary should go ahead and do that by herself.
Mary should be able to do that if she tries.
Mary seems to know what she's talking about.
Mary seems to know exactly what she's doing.
Mary seems to be enjoying herself in Boston.
Mary seemed to be surprised when I told her.
Mary says that the noise doesn't bother her.
Mary says that she wants to do that as well.
Mary says that she needs to do that as well.
Mary says that she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary says that she can't prove Tom did that.
Mary says she's willing to buy that for you.
Mary says she's never been to Boston before.
Mary says she's drunk three glasses of wine.
Mary says she's been asked to give a speech.
Mary says she'll play golf even if it rains.
Mary says she'll never sing in public again.
Mary says she'll ask Tom to do that for her.
Mary says she'd rather walk than take a bus.
Mary says she won't eat lunch with us today.
Mary says she wants to learn how to do that.
Mary says she wants to go to Boston with us.
Mary says she wants to get something to eat.
Mary says she understands why Tom is scared.
Mary says she thinks that's going to happen.
Mary says she taught herself how to do that.
Mary says she plans to stay here all summer.
Mary says she plans on staying where she is.
Mary says she needs to find a place to live.
Mary says she just couldn't let Tom do that.
Mary says she has no trouble falling asleep.
Mary says she has a lot of homework tonight.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk about it.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that again.
Mary says she doesn't think she can do that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom can do that.
Mary says she doesn't like air conditioning.
Mary says she doesn't know why you did that.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom did that.
Mary says she doesn't know a thing about it.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that today.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that again.
Mary says she doesn't have time for romance.
Mary says she doesn't have health insurance.
Mary says she doesn't expect Tom to do that.
Mary says she didn't know about the meeting.
Mary says she didn't know Tom would do that.
Mary says she didn't know Tom couldn't swim.
Mary says she didn't know Tom could do that.
Mary says she certainly won't do that again.
Mary says she can't wait for that to happen.
Mary says she can't prove that Tom did that.
Mary says she can stay here for three weeks.
Mary says she can get us everything we need.
Mary says she always knew she could do that.
Mary says everybody she knows has done that.
Mary says Tom is willing to do that for her.
Mary said the heat didn't bother her at all.
Mary said the cold didn't bother her at all.
Mary said that wasn't what she wanted to do.
Mary said that she's sure she won't do that.
Mary said that she'll go to Boston tomorrow.
Mary said that she'd been forced to do that.
Mary said that she wouldn't wait any longer.
Mary said that she wouldn't mind doing that.
Mary said that she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't a student anymore.
Mary said that she was reluctant to do that.
Mary said that she was motivated to do that.
Mary said that she wanted to move to Boston.
Mary said that she thought Tom was an idiot.
Mary said that she shouldn't have done that.
Mary said that she really wanted to do that.
Mary said that she needed to get some sleep.
Mary said that she had to go there tomorrow.
Mary said that she enjoyed your party a lot.
Mary said that she didn't want to go to bed.
Mary said that she didn't understand French.
Mary said that she couldn't wait to do that.
Mary said that she couldn't wait any longer.
Mary said that Tom wouldn't let her do that.
Mary said that Tom would eat lunch with her.
Mary said that Tom and John are her friends.
Mary said she's reluctant to do that for us.
Mary said she's reluctant to do that for me.
Mary said she's not sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she's not sure Tom has to do that.
Mary said she's not in any hurry to do that.
Mary said she's never considered doing that.
Mary said she's driving to Boston on Monday.
Mary said she's been told not do that again.
Mary said she's been asked to do that again.
Mary said she's always lived on Park Street.
Mary said she'll do that as soon as she can.
Mary said she'll be the next one to do that.
Mary said she'll be the last one to do that.
Mary said she'd try doing that this weekend.
Mary said she'd prefer not to do that today.
Mary said she'd only be gone for a few days.
Mary said she'd never want to do that alone.
Mary said she'd never permit you to do that.
Mary said she'd never permit Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd do that, but she hasn't yet.
Mary said she'd do that in a couple of days.
Mary said she'd call me, but she hasn't yet.
Mary said she'd be willing do that for free.
Mary said she'd be the first one to do that.
Mary said she'd be interested in doing that.
Mary said she'd be glad to buy that for you.
Mary said she wouldn't try to do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't try doing that again.
Mary said she wouldn't recommend doing that.
Mary said she wouldn't mind if Tom did that.
Mary said she wouldn't like to do that here.
Mary said she wouldn't do that until Monday.
Mary said she wouldn't do that anytime soon.
Mary said she wouldn't do anything about it.
Mary said she wouldn't be back until Monday.
Mary said she wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure she could do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure Tom could do that.
Mary said she wasn't in the mood to do that.
Mary said she wasn't in Boston at that time.
Mary said she wasn't going to do that again.
Mary said she wasn't going to Tom's concert.
Mary said she was worried about the weather.
Mary said she was willing to do the driving.
Mary said she was willing to do that for us.
Mary said she was told not to do that again.
Mary said she was thinking about doing that.
Mary said she was the only one who did that.
Mary said she was hoping she could help Tom.
Mary said she was happy she got there early.
Mary said she was going to talk to me later.
Mary said she was going to go back to sleep.
Mary said she was going to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she was going to ask Tom to leave.
Mary said she was determined not to do that.
Mary said she wants to stay at home all day.
Mary said she wanted to visit Tom in Boston.
Mary said she wanted to go swimming with us.
Mary said she wanted to go home early today.
Mary said she wanted to bake a cake for Tom.
Mary said she wanted something hot to drink.
Mary said she wanted me to do that tomorrow.
Mary said she wanted me to be here tomorrow.
Mary said she wanted Tom to do that for her.
Mary said she tried doing that once herself.
Mary said she thought you'd want to do that.
Mary said she thought the room was too cold.
Mary said she thought that we could do that.
Mary said she thought she shouldn't do that.
Mary said she thought she needed to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't very happy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't having fun.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't busy today.
Mary said she thought Tom was likely to cry.
Mary said she thought Tom enjoyed the party.
Mary said she thought I'd regret doing that.
Mary said she thought I'd already done that.
Mary said she thought I should study harder.
Mary said she thought I should study French.
Mary said she saw Tom in the park yesterday.
Mary said she remembered seeing Tom do that.
Mary said she really regrets not doing that.
Mary said she plans on staying until Monday.
Mary said she plans on doing that on Monday.
Mary said she never wanted to see Tom again.
Mary said she never wanted to do that again.
Mary said she never expected this to happen.
Mary said she needs to learn how to do that.
Mary said she needed to do that pretty soon.
Mary said she liked the color of my T-shirt.
Mary said she knew why Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said she knew what was going to happen.
Mary said she knew what Tom was going to do.
Mary said she knew she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom has to do that.
Mary said she isn't in any hurry to do that.
Mary said she hoped that Tom would help her.
Mary said she hoped Tom would do that today.
Mary said she hasn't yet decided what to do.
Mary said she hasn't noticed any difference.
Mary said she hasn't decided what to do yet.
Mary said she hasn't decided what she'll do.
Mary said she had something to take care of.
Mary said she had something important to do.
Mary said she had an important call to make.
Mary said she got paid extra for doing that.
Mary said she found it difficult to do that.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that alone.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that again.
Mary said she doesn't think you can do that.
Mary said she doesn't think she can do that.
Mary said she doesn't know anyone in Boston.
Mary said she doesn't have health insurance.
Mary said she didn't want to try doing that.
Mary said she didn't want to think about it.
Mary said she didn't want to live in Boston.
Mary said she didn't want to dance with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want anything to drink.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was sleeping.
Mary said she didn't speak French very well.
Mary said she didn't really want to do that.
Mary said she didn't really need to do that.
Mary said she didn't really have to do that.
Mary said she didn't mind doing that at all.
Mary said she didn't live in Boston anymore.
Mary said she didn't like the taste of beer.
Mary said she didn't know why that happened.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom was angry.
Mary said she didn't know who to give it to.
Mary said she didn't know Tom couldn't swim.
Mary said she didn't know Tom could do that.
Mary said she didn't have to wait very long.
Mary said she didn't have much money on her.
Mary said she didn't have any classes today.
Mary said she didn't go to school yesterday.
Mary said she couldn't understand my French.
Mary said she couldn't find anything to eat.
Mary said she couldn't do that anytime soon.
Mary said she could've done that on her own.
Mary said she could've done that by herself.
Mary said she could smell something burning.
Mary said she assumed you'd want to do that.
Mary said everyone she knows has a passport.
Mary said everybody she knows has done that.
Mary said Tom wouldn't allow her to do that.
Mary said Tom wasn't alone when she saw him.
Mary said Tom was the one who told her that.
Mary said Tom wanted her to do that for him.
Mary realized that Tom didn't like her much.
Mary put the money Tom gave her in the bank.
Mary promised us she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised that she'd do that right away.
Mary promised me she'd come, but she didn't.
Mary promised me she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised Tom that she wouldn't be late.
Mary pretends she doesn't understand French.
Mary pretended she didn't understand French.
Mary poured herself another shot of bourbon.
Mary posted pictures of herself on her blog.
Mary plans on doing that as soon as she can.
Mary persuaded Tom to study French with her.
Mary persuaded Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary paid me back all the money she owed me.
Mary ought to be able to do that by herself.
Mary never walks anywhere unless she has to.
Mary never told me where she went to school.
Mary never told me that she was from Boston.
Mary never said what she was planning to do.
Mary never does anything Tom asks her to do.
Mary never did anything Tom asked her to do.
Mary might help you if you ask her politely.
Mary mentioned she had to work next weekend.
Mary may not be as rich as you think she is.
Mary managed to put the fire out by herself.
Mary managed to put out the fire by herself.
Mary made up her mind to do that by herself.
Mary made it clear that she wanted to leave.
Mary made it clear that she didn't like Tom.
Mary made a list of things she needs to buy.
Mary made a fool of herself in front of Tom.
Mary looks like she's about to start crying.
Mary looks like she doesn't want to be here.
Mary looks like she doesn't know what to do.
Mary looks as though she might start crying.
Mary looked pretty sick when I last saw her.
Mary looked like she was through doing that.
Mary looked like she was tempted to do that.
Mary looked like she was having a good time.
Mary looked like she was enjoying the party.
Mary lied when she said she didn't like Tom.
Mary let me know that she wanted to do that.
Mary let Tom know that she couldn't do that.
Mary learned to skate when she was thirteen.
Mary learned to drive when she was thirteen.
Mary learned to drive when she was eighteen.
Mary learned how to swim when she was three.
Mary knows she's not supposed to park there.
Mary knew what Tom had told her wasn't true.
Mary knew that what she was doing was wrong.
Mary knew that she wasn't likely to be late.
Mary knew that she was going to be punished.
Mary knew exactly what she was going to say.
Mary keeps telling everyone how rich she is.
Mary keeps telling everyone how busy she is.
Mary isn't sure whether she locked the door.
Mary isn't really sure what she ought to do.
Mary isn't really sure what she needs to do.
Mary isn't old enough to do that on her own.
Mary isn't old enough to do that by herself.
Mary isn't here yet, but we expect her soon.
Mary isn't going to have to do that herself.
Mary isn't doing that the way she should be.
Mary isn't as tough as everyone says she is.
Mary isn't as spontaneous as she used to be.
Mary isn't as hardworking as she used to be.
Mary isn't as cooperative as she used to be.
Mary isn't as competitive as she used to be.
Mary isn't a very good poker player, is she?
Mary is wearing the shirt that Tom gave her.
Mary is way too young to do that by herself.
Mary is waiting for someone to come get her.
Mary is very particular about what she eats.
Mary is still studying in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is standing right behind me, isn't she?
Mary is sick, so she probably won't do that.
Mary is sick and so she can't do that today.
Mary is now in her freshman year at Harvard.
Mary is likely be hungry when she gets home.
Mary is just a little overweight, isn't she?
Mary is hoping she can take care of herself.
Mary is going to need to do that by herself.
Mary is going to have to do that on her own.
Mary is going to have to do that by herself.
Mary is going to get fired if she does that.
Mary is going to get dirty if she does that.
Mary is going to get all the help she needs.
Mary is going to do whatever you ask her to.
Mary is going to do that as soon as she can.
Mary is going to be very sorry she did that.
Mary is going to be very happy she did that.
Mary is going to be glad she didn't do that.
Mary is fatter now than when I last saw her.
Mary is doing that the right way, isn't she?
Mary informed Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary informed Tom why she needed to do that.
Mary informed Tom that she couldn't do that.
Mary hurt herself when she tried to do that.
Mary hugged Tom and said that she loved him.
Mary hopes that she doesn't have to do that.
Mary hopes that Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary hoped that Tom would come to her party.
Mary hired Tom to take care of her children.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she has to do.
Mary hasn't yet done what she said she'd do.
Mary hasn't yet bought everything she needs.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she has to do yet.
Mary hasn't done anything we told her to do.
Mary hasn't bought everything she needs yet.
Mary has vowed that she won't do that again.
Mary has told me she's not ready to do that.
Mary has told me she isn't ready to do that.
Mary has told Tom that she needs to do that.
Mary has some things she has to do tomorrow.
Mary has promised she won't do that anymore.
Mary has lots of things she has to do today.
Mary has lost a lot of blood and she's weak.
Mary has lived in Boston since she was born.
Mary has hired Tom to take care of her kids.
Mary has gained weight since I last saw her.
Mary has everything she needs to do the job.
Mary has enough money to buy what she wants.
Mary has enough money to buy what she needs.
Mary has done everything we asked her to do.
Mary has done everything she was told to do.
Mary has done everything she can to help us.
Mary has decided to go to Boston by herself.
Mary has decided that she'll try to do that.
Mary has decided that she'll try doing that.
Mary has changed a lot since I last saw her.
Mary has been drinking, but she isn't drunk.
Mary has been doing that since she was born.
Mary has a lot to do before she can go home.
Mary has a car, but she hardly ever uses it.
Mary hardly ever wins when she plays tennis.
Mary hardly ever sees her daughter anymore.
Mary had trouble explaining what she wanted.
Mary had some problems she had to deal with.
Mary had no idea that she was being lied to.
Mary had no idea that she was being cheated.
Mary had no idea that Tom hated her so much.
Mary had a good time when she was in Boston.
Mary got mad at me for not listening to her.
Mary gave the robbers all the money she had.
Mary frequently does that when she's scared.
Mary found Tom where she expected him to be.
Mary finished the bottle of wine by herself.
Mary finally managed to buy what she needed.
Mary expects all three of us to go with her.
Mary drives the way Tom taught her to drive.
Mary doesn't yet realize what she has to do.
Mary doesn't think we can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't think she's as creative as Tom.
Mary doesn't think she's allowed to do that.
Mary doesn't think she has to do that today.
Mary doesn't seem to like herself very much.
Mary doesn't really expect to win, does she?
Mary doesn't realize how much Tom loves her.
Mary doesn't permit her children to do that.
Mary doesn't make me laugh like she used to.
Mary doesn't look like she's having any fun.
Mary doesn't know who she can trust anymore.
Mary doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Mary doesn't know what Tom wants her to buy.
Mary doesn't know what Tom expects from her.
Mary doesn't know that Tom doesn't like her.
Mary doesn't know that I think she's stupid.
Mary doesn't know she's supposed to do that.
Mary doesn't know how much time she'll need.
Mary doesn't have to go unless she wants to.
Mary doesn't have any confidence in herself.
Mary doesn't do that as well as she used to.
Mary doesn't do that as often as she should.
Mary doesn't do that as much as she used to.
Mary does that whenever she has a chance to.
Mary does almost anything she's asked to do.
Mary didn't want to go, but Tom made her go.
Mary didn't want to go to Boston by herself.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she had to.
Mary didn't want her friends to see her cry.
Mary didn't want anyone to see her with Tom.
Mary didn't want anybody to do that for her.
Mary didn't think Tom would let her do that.
Mary didn't think Tom would enjoy her party.
Mary didn't tell me she'd done that already.
Mary didn't tell me she'd already done that.
Mary didn't tell me she intended to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she had to do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she didn't do that.
Mary didn't tell Tom when she'd be arriving.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she wanted to eat.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she wanted to buy.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she needed to buy.
Mary didn't seem to mind sitting by herself.
Mary didn't seem to know what she was doing.
Mary didn't seem to know what she should do.
Mary didn't seem to know what she had to do.
Mary didn't seem to be very hungry, did she?
Mary didn't say what she was planning to do.
Mary didn't say what she had planned to say.
Mary didn't really want to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really need to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really mean to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really have to do that, did she?
Mary didn't really do what she said she did.
Mary didn't mention the reason she was late.
Mary didn't like bananas when she was a kid.
Mary didn't like Tom and he didn't like her.
Mary didn't know where Tom wanted her to go.
Mary didn't know when she needed to do that.
Mary didn't know what she was talking about.
Mary didn't know what Tom wanted her to buy.
Mary didn't know that she needed to do that.
Mary didn't know she didn't need to do that.
Mary didn't know she didn't have to do that.
Mary didn't help us like she said she would.
Mary didn't eat anything until she got home.
Mary didn't drink the wine I poured for her.
Mary didn't do that the way Tom told her to.
Mary did what she could to help Tom do that.
Mary did that the way Tom told her to do it.
Mary did exactly what she'd been told to do.
Mary denied that she had accepted the bribe.
Mary definitely wants to do that by herself.
Mary decided to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary cut up all the pictures she had of Tom.
Mary couldn't find words to express herself.
Mary couldn't find what she was looking for.
Mary couldn't do that even if she wanted to.
Mary couldn't come today because she's sick.
Mary could've left early if she'd wanted to.
Mary could've done that if you'd helped her.
Mary could've done that by herself, I think.
Mary could get hurt if she tries to do that.
Mary could get hurt if she tried to do that.
Mary could do that if you gave her a chance.
Mary could do that for Tom if she wanted to.
Mary could always try doing that by herself.
Mary convinced Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary convinced Tom that it wasn't her fault.
Mary confessed that she'd broken the window.
Mary closed the door when she left the room.
Mary claims she wasn't the one who did that.
Mary can't understand why Tom is mad at her.
Mary can't have written this letter herself.
Mary can't have done what you think she did.
Mary can study in my office if she wants to.
Mary can be persuasive when she wants to be.
Mary believed Tom when he said he loved her.
Mary begged Tom to give her one more chance.
Mary began doing that when she was thirteen.
Mary ate the sandwich that Tom made for her.
Mary asked us to stay and help her clean up.
Mary asked me to pick her up at the station.
Mary asked me to help her with her homework.
Mary asked me to buy her something to drink.
Mary asked me if she could watch TV with me.
Mary asked Tom to make her something to eat.
Mary asked Tom to help her clean the garage.
Mary asked Tom to help her clean her office.
Mary asked Tom if he'd teach her son French.
Mary almost never cried when she was a baby.
Mary almost did that when she was in Boston.
Mary admitted that she'd stolen Tom's money.
Mary admitted that she'd been irresponsible.
Mary admitted that she had stolen the money.
Mary admitted she didn't like Tom very much.
Mary acknowledged that she'd made a mistake.
Many of Mary's friends think she's a genius.
Let's hope Mary gets all the help she needs.
Let's have a party for Mary before she goes.
Let Mary buy a new computer if she wants to.
It's necessary for Mary to go there herself.
If you see Mary, could you give this to her?
If Mary had been here, she'd have helped us.
I've already told Mary what she needs to do.
I've already told Mary she needs to do that.
I'm sure that Mary can take care of herself.
I'm sure Mary will do what we ask her to do.
I'm not sure Mary would let anyone help her.
I'm convinced Mary can take care of herself.
I'll tell Mary what you want me to tell her.
I'd better ask Mary and see what she thinks.
I wonder why Mary said she doesn't know Tom.
I wonder why Mary didn't do that by herself.
I wonder if Mary thought she had to do that.
I wonder if Mary really meant what she said.
I wonder if Mary knew she needed to do that.
I wonder if Mary did what she said she'd do.
I wish I'd never told Mary that I loved her.
I tried to hug Mary, but she pushed me away.
I told Mary to do that as soon as she could.
I told Mary that she shouldn't eat raw pork.
I told Mary that she should drive to Boston.
I told Mary that she didn't need to do that.
I told Mary that she didn't have to do that.
I told Mary that I thought she looked drunk.
I told Mary she didn't have time to do that.
I told Mary not to sing while she's working.
I told Mary I couldn't play tennis with her.
I think you should ask Mary what she thinks.
I think if Mary tried to do that, she could.
I think Mary has never done that by herself.
I think Mary could do that if she wanted to.
I think I heard Mary say that she'd do that.
I should've just given Mary what she wanted.
I should've asked Mary if she could do that.
I should tell Mary why Tom doesn't like her.
I saw Mary looking at herself in the mirror.
I know Mary will have to do that on her own.
I know Mary didn't do what you said she did.
I knew Mary wouldn't get the job she wanted.
I hope Mary knows when she needs to do that.
I hope Mary did what she was supposed to do.
I doubt that Mary could get home by herself.
I don't think Mary would've swum by herself.
I don't think Mary would do that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows what she'll do yet.
I don't think Mary knows what she has to do.
I don't think Mary knows that she's adopted.
I don't think Mary has everything she wants.
I don't think Mary has everything she needs.
I don't think Mary did what you say she did.
I don't think Mary can take care of herself.
I don't know why Mary did that, but she did.
I don't know how Mary did that, but she did.
I don't believe Mary can do that by herself.
I do hope Mary does what she says she'll do.
I didn't tell Mary why she had to work late.
I didn't know Mary could do that by herself.
I couldn't just leave Mary there by herself.
I convinced Mary not to go there by herself.
I asked Mary why she'd never studied French.
I asked Mary why she'd never gotten married.
I asked Mary why she wanted to study French.
I asked Mary why she wanted to go to Boston.
How did Mary get Tom to cook dinner for her?
Have you told Mary why she needs to do that?
Have you told Mary what she should be doing?
Don't laugh at Mary when she makes mistakes.
Does Mary think she doesn't need to do that?
Does Mary think she doesn't have to do that?
Does Mary know we don't want her to do that?
Do you remember when Mary said she did that?
Did you tell Mary why she shouldn't do that?
Did you tell Mary what time she should come?
Did you tell Mary she could borrow your car?
Did you ask Mary if she wants to go with us?
Did you ask Mary if she did that by herself?
Did Mary tell Tom why she couldn't help him?
Did Mary say she thought she had to do that?
Did Mary really say she thought I was smart?
Did Mary know we didn't want her to do that?
Both of Mary's brothers are taller than her.
Ask Mary if she's willing to work part-time.
Ask Mary and she'll tell you the same thing.
Ask Mary about it the next time you see her.
Why would Mary need Tom to do that for her?
Why should Mary ask Tom to do that for her?
Why did Mary stop doing what she was doing?
Where did Mary stay when she was in Boston?
When you see Mary, please give this to her.
When does Mary want me to help her do that?
When Mary left, I told her she'd come back.
When I told Mary I'd done that, she smiled.
When I first met Mary, she was a bartender.
What time did Mary say she wanted to leave?
What did Mary tell you she wanted to drink?
We must stop Mary before she hurts herself.
Wasn't Mary supposed to do that by herself?
Was Mary really able to do that by herself?
This is the room where Mary killed herself.
The umbrella Mary was carrying wasn't hers.
Tell Mary that we're not going to help her.
Tell Mary that she should lose some weight.
Tell Mary that I don't want to talk to her.
Tell Mary she needs to do that before 2:30.
Tell Mary I want to talk to her right away.
Please tell Mary that she needs to do that.
Please tell Mary that I'll do that for her.
Please tell Mary she shouldn't leave early.
Please tell Mary she ought to do that soon.
Please tell Mary she needs to wear goggles.
Please tell Mary not to do that by herself.
Mary's parents never visited her in prison.
Mary's oldest daughter looks just like her.
Mary's father made her sell her motorcycle.
Mary's doctor advised her to stop drinking.
Mary's doctor advised her to exercise more.
Mary's been here at least once, hasn't she?
Mary yelled for help, but nobody heard her.
Mary wouldn't likely go camping by herself.
Mary wouldn't let Tom look at her pictures.
Mary wouldn't do what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary wouldn't do that even if you paid her.
Mary wouldn't be doing that now, would she?
Mary would tell us the truth, wouldn't she?
Mary would never try to do that by herself.
Mary would never do what you claim she did.
Mary would like to know what she did wrong.
Mary would do that herself if she knew how.
Mary would do anything Tom asked her to do.
Mary wondered if Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary won't leave until she's talked to Tom.
Mary wishes she never had to do that again.
Mary wished that she could play the guitar.
Mary wished she hadn't spent so much money.
Mary will talk your ear off if you let her.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's not busy.
Mary will probably tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary will probably tell Tom she isn't busy.
Mary will love the present you got for her.
Mary will get fired if she doesn't do that.
Mary will do that only if Tom tells her to.
Mary will do that as soon as she gets home.
Mary will come back when she feels like it.
Mary will be very happy she didn't do that.
Mary will be in Boston all week, won't she?
Mary went as far as the station by herself.
Mary wasn't told not to do that by herself.
Mary wasn't supposed to do that by herself.
Mary wasn't feeling well, so she went home.
Mary wasn't able to fix her car by herself.
Mary was too young to take care of herself.
Mary was thirteen when she moved to Boston.
Mary was talking louder than she needed to.
Mary was surprised when she saw Tom crying.
Mary was sitting at the counter by herself.
Mary was hoping you could do that with her.
Mary was hoping she could help Tom do that.
Mary was hoping she could do that with Tom.
Mary was happy that Tom helped her do that.
Mary was glad that someone agreed with her.
Mary was expecting Tom to help her do that.
Mary was convinced that she had to do that.
Mary was angry with herself for being late.
Mary was able to buy everything she needed.
Mary wants you to help her paint the fence.
Mary wants you to help her do her homework.
Mary wants to know what Tom said about her.
Mary wants to know how she can lose weight.
Mary wants Tom to know she likes him a lot.
Mary wanted to learn how to defend herself.
Mary wanted me to teach her how to do that.
Mary wanted me to give her time to do that.
Mary wanted Tom to teach her how to juggle.
Mary wanted Tom to invite her to his party.
Mary visits Tom every time she's in Boston.
Mary usually doesn't get what she asks for.
Mary used to swim, but she doesn't anymore.
Mary used to sing better than she does now.
Mary used to be able to do that by herself.
Mary tried to warn Tom, but he ignored her.
Mary tried to drown herself in her bathtub.
Mary told us she didn't want us to do that.
Mary told the doctor that she felt no pain.
Mary told me why she wasn't at the meeting.
Mary told me where she was planning to eat.
Mary told me that she's through doing that.
Mary told me that she's tempted to do that.
Mary told me that she's decided to do that.
Mary told me that she'll be home on Monday.
Mary told me that she'd decided to do that.
Mary told me that she wasn't afraid of Tom.
Mary told me that she used to be very poor.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was ugly.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was sick.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was safe.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was rich.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was nosy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was nice.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was next.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was mean.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was lost.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was lazy.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was cute.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was cool.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was cold.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was busy.
Mary told me that she hadn't done that yet.
Mary told me that she got here early today.
Mary told me that she found this in a cave.
Mary told me she'd wait until we got there.
Mary told me she'd never seen one of these.
Mary told me she'd do that, but she didn't.
Mary told me she was married to a Canadian.
Mary told me she was going to kill herself.
Mary told me she wanted to teach me French.
Mary told me she waited for thirty minutes.
Mary told me she thought you could do that.
Mary told me she thought she might do that.
Mary told me she thought she could do that.
Mary told me she thought Tom could do that.
Mary told me she probably wouldn't do that.
Mary told me she had no time to read books.
Mary told me she didn't like playing chess.
Mary told me she didn't like green peppers.
Mary told me she didn't know Tom very well.
Mary told me she didn't feel like laughing.
Mary told me it was too hard for her to do.
Mary told Tom where she hid the gold coins.
Mary told Tom that she'd help John do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd been out shopping.
Mary told Tom that she'd be home on Monday.
Mary told Tom that she was glad to see him.
Mary told Tom that she thought he was cute.
Mary told Tom that she thought I'd do that.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't be at his party.
Mary told Tom she wanted to move to Boston.
Mary told Tom she didn't want him to leave.
Mary told Tom she didn't intend to do that.
Mary told Tom she could do that by herself.
Mary thought that she was going to be busy.
Mary thought that Tom wouldn't forgive her.
Mary thought she'd be able to cheer Tom up.
Mary thought she was going to be all alone.
Mary thought she might not need to do that.
Mary thought she might not have to do that.
Mary thought Tom wouldn't do that with her.
Mary thinks that I don't know what she did.
Mary thinks she's smarter than anyone else.
Mary thinks she can tell when Tom is lying.
Mary talked Tom into eating lunch with her.
Mary suspected that Tom had a crush on her.
Mary surprised everybody when she did that.
Mary surprised all of us when she did that.
Mary stressed that she did that by herself.
Mary stopped crying as soon as she saw Tom.
Mary stood by herself next to the lamppost.
Mary still lives in Boston with her father.
Mary still doesn't know what she has to do.
Mary stayed longer than she had planned to.
Mary started working when she was thirteen.
Mary started to leave, but Tom stopped her.
Mary started smoking when she was thirteen.
Mary spent her thirtieth birthday with Tom.
Mary spends most of her time reading books.
Mary sometimes does that when she's sleepy.
Mary sometimes does that when she's hungry.
Mary slammed the door as she left the room.
Mary showed me the letter she got from Tom.
Mary showed Tom some pictures of her house.
Mary showed Tom a photograph of her father.
Mary shouldn't tell Tom about what she did.
Mary shouldn't have walked home by herself.
Mary shouldn't have stayed here by herself.
Mary shouldn't have done that, but she did.
Mary shouldn't have bought what she bought.
Mary should've invited Tom, but she didn't.
Mary should tell Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary should tell Tom what she wants to buy.
Mary should tell Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's sleepy.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's hungry.
Mary should have one of us do that for her.
Mary should do that the way Tom showed her.
Mary should be glad she's not here with us.
Mary seems to actually be enjoying herself.
Mary says that she's met you several times.
Mary says that she'll never come back here.
Mary says that she wasn't surprised at all.
Mary says that she wants to be buried here.
Mary says that she doesn't want to do that.
Mary says she's willing to do that for you.
Mary says she's willing to do that for Tom.
Mary says she's waiting for that to happen.
Mary says she's too tired today to help us.
Mary says she's too sick to get out of bed.
Mary says she's read this book three times.
Mary says she's feeling a lot better today.
Mary says she's already decided to do that.
Mary says she won't walk to school anymore.
Mary says she won't be in Boston next week.
Mary says she wants to visit Tom in Boston.
Mary says she wants to talk about it later.
Mary says she wants to continue doing that.
Mary says she tries to do that once a week.
Mary says she stayed up all night studying.
Mary says she really enjoys figure skating.
Mary says she never wants to do that again.
Mary says she makes thirty dollars an hour.
Mary says she likes spending time with Tom.
Mary says she knows why you didn't do that.
Mary says she knows why Tom didn't do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't speak French.
Mary says she isn't in the mood to do that.
Mary says she hopes that you don't do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom refuses to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom knows who did that.
Mary says she hopes Tom is able to do that.
Mary says she has no idea why Tom did that.
Mary says she finds doing that interesting.
Mary says she dreams about Tom every night.
Mary says she doesn't want to work outside.
Mary says she doesn't want to wait for you.
Mary says she doesn't want to study French.
Mary says she doesn't want to go to Boston.
Mary says she doesn't think that'll happen.
Mary says she doesn't think she'll do that.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom lives.
Mary says she doesn't know what to do next.
Mary says she doesn't have time to eat now.
Mary says she doesn't have time to do that.
Mary says she doesn't go to Boston anymore.
Mary says she doesn't feel like doing that.
Mary says she doesn't even like to do that.
Mary says she doesn't even like doing that.
Mary says she doesn't believe you did that.
Mary says she doesn't believe Tom did that.
Mary says she didn't know what it was like.
Mary says she didn't do that for the money.
Mary says she can't remember what happened.
Mary says she can't even work in this heat.
Mary says she can't do anything about that.
Mary says she can prove Tom didn't do that.
Mary says she can help me write the report.
Mary says she already knows how to do that.
Mary says she already has plans for Monday.
Mary says everyone she knows has done that.
Mary says a lot of things she doesn't mean.
Mary says Tom's children are scared of her.
Mary saved all of the letters Tom sent her.
Mary said the mosquitoes didn't bother her.
Mary said that's not what she wanted to do.
Mary said that's not what she needed to do.
Mary said that she'll be back home by 2:30.
Mary said that she'd be a few minutes late.
Mary said that she wasn't ready to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't going to do that.
Mary said that she wasn't going to be late.
Mary said that she was hesitant to do that.
Mary said that she was having a lot of fun.
Mary said that she was finished doing that.
Mary said that she wanted to be left alone.
Mary said that she plays the flute as well.
Mary said that she needed to go home early.
Mary said that she likes swimming with Tom.
Mary said that she felt very uncomfortable.
Mary said that she feels much better today.
Mary said that she doesn't like this color.
Mary said that she doesn't know what to do.
Mary said that she didn't know how to swim.
Mary said she's willing to do that for Tom.
Mary said she's only tried doing that once.
Mary said she's only done that three times.
Mary said she's done that only three times.
Mary said she's been waiting for some time.
Mary said she's been trying to lose weight.
Mary said she's been told to do that again.
Mary said she's been having fun doing that.
Mary said she's been having fun being here.
Mary said she's always been good at sports.
Mary said she'll help us if we want her to.
Mary said she'll get it done before Monday.
Mary said she'll do that for Tom this time.
Mary said she'd try to do that again later.
Mary said she'd try doing that again later.
Mary said she'd rather not do that anymore.
Mary said she'd prefer not to do that here.
Mary said she'd never try to do that alone.
Mary said she'd never come back here again.
Mary said she'd never allow you to do that.
Mary said she'd never allow Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd like to borrow a few books.
Mary said she'd help me if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd finish doing that tomorrow.
Mary said she'd do that if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd do that as soon as she can.
Mary said she'd do her homework by herself.
Mary said she'd be the next one to do that.
Mary said she'd be the last one to do that.
Mary said she'd be in a meeting until 2:30.
Mary said she'd be glad to do that for you.
Mary said she'd be afraid to do that alone.
Mary said she'd be able to help us do that.
Mary said she'd ask Tom to do that for you.
Mary said she'd ask Tom to do that for her.
Mary said she wouldn't mind waiting for us.
Mary said she wouldn't let it happen again.
Mary said she wouldn't do that voluntarily.
Mary said she won't be in Boston next week.
Mary said she wished you'd do that for her.
Mary said she wished she were here with us.
Mary said she wished she hadn't kissed Tom.
Mary said she wished she hadn't gone there.
Mary said she wished she hadn't eaten that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't drunk that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't been there.
Mary said she wasn't going to wait for Tom.
Mary said she wasn't aware of any problems.
Mary said she wasn't a good French speaker.
Mary said she was too tired to do any more.
Mary said she was tired of giving speeches.
Mary said she was hoping you could do that.
Mary said she was home in bed with the flu.
Mary said she was having problems with Tom.
Mary said she was going to let Tom do that.
Mary said she was going to help us do that.
Mary said she was going to do that herself.
Mary said she was going to do that for Tom.
Mary said she was glad she got there early.
Mary said she wants you to stop doing that.
Mary said she wanted to sit somewhere else.
Mary said she wanted to play poker with us.
Mary said she wanted to play golf with Tom.
Mary said she wanted to go camping with us.
Mary said she wanted to give you something.
Mary said she wanted to do that by herself.
Mary said she wanted to buy an alarm clock.
Mary said she wanted to buy a sleeping bag.
Mary said she wanted to buy a blue sweater.
Mary said she wanted to borrow a few books.
Mary said she thought you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she thought the room was too hot.
Mary said she thought she'd be able to win.
Mary said she thought she was going to win.
Mary said she thought she ought to do that.
Mary said she thought she couldn't do that.
Mary said she thought it would likely snow.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't very busy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't at school.
Mary said she thought Tom enjoyed swimming.
Mary said she thought I was being stubborn.
Mary said she thought I seemed unconcerned.
Mary said she still had a lot things to do.
Mary said she sold her car to Tom for $300.
Mary said she sees Tom at school every day.
Mary said she saw Tom earlier this morning.
Mary said she plans to be a doctor someday.
Mary said she needed to do that by herself.
Mary said she needed to borrow an umbrella.
Mary said she may not study French anymore.
Mary said she knew that Tom should do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom had to do that.
Mary said she knew I might need to do that.
Mary said she knew I might have to do that.
Mary said she isn't very likely to do that.
Mary said she isn't going to Tom's concert.
Mary said she hopes Tom is able to do that.
Mary said she hoped she could win the race.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't be afraid.
Mary said she hoped Tom would do that soon.
Mary said she has to go to school tomorrow.
Mary said she had no choice but to do that.
Mary said she expects to do that on Monday.
Mary said she expects to be there tomorrow.
Mary said she enjoyed the party last night.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that here.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom works.
Mary said she doesn't have very much money.
Mary said she doesn't feel like doing that.
Mary said she didn't want to work overtime.
Mary said she didn't want to give a speech.
Mary said she didn't want to eat right now.
Mary said she didn't want to eat leftovers.
Mary said she didn't want to do that today.
Mary said she didn't want to do that alone.
Mary said she didn't want to do that again.
Mary said she didn't need to do that today.
Mary said she didn't need to do that again.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom worked.
Mary said she didn't have to do that today.
Mary said she didn't have to do that again.
Mary said she didn't have time to help you.
Mary said she didn't have her phone on her.
Mary said she didn't have anything to read.
Mary said she didn't expect that to happen.
Mary said she didn't expect Tom to do that.
Mary said she didn't actually see anything.
Mary said she did that as soon as possible.
Mary said she couldn't swim as well as Tom.
Mary said she couldn't remember what to do.
Mary said she couldn't remember doing that.
Mary said she couldn't do anything for Tom.
Mary said she couldn't buy what she needed.
Mary said she could do that in a few hours.
Mary said she assumed you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she assumed Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said it was her who needed to do that.
Mary said everyone she knows has done that.
Mary said Tom was going to Boston with her.
Mary said Tom was glad she got there early.
Mary said Tom was asleep when she got home.
Mary refused to tell me where she was born.
Mary refused to do what we asked her to do.
Mary refused to do what she was told to do.
Mary refused to do what Tom told her to do.
Mary refused to do what I wanted her to do.
Mary refused Tom's offer to drive her home.
Mary recognized Tom as soon as she saw him.
Mary really should've stayed where she was.
Mary realized that she had no money on her.
Mary realized she no longer had to do that.
Mary ran so fast that I couldn't catch her.
Mary put her purse on the seat next to her.
Mary promised that she'd do that this week.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary promised me that she'd do that for us.
Mary promised me that she'd do that for me.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't do that.
Mary promised me that she wouldn't be late.
Mary probably shouldn't do that by herself.
Mary probably doesn't know that I hate her.
Mary poured herself a second cup of coffee.
Mary persuaded Tom to sing a duet with her.
Mary persuaded Tom to lend her his new car.
Mary persuaded Tom to go swimming with her.
Mary paid Tom back everything she owed him.
Mary only did that because you told her to.
Mary never told me why she didn't like Tom.
Mary never told me who she was working for.
Mary never told Tom how much she loved him.
Mary never said why she wanted the day off.
Mary never said she'd go to Boston with us.
Mary never said she wanted to work for you.
Mary never received the money Tom sent her.
Mary never read the book that Tom gave her.
Mary never does anything unless she has to.
Mary nearly killed herself a few hours ago.
Mary must've thought she needed to do that.
Mary mentioned she was concerned about you.
Mary may use my bicycle whenever she wants.
Mary may not do what we've asked her to do.
Mary may have as many cookies as she wants.
Mary may do that right now if she wants to.
Mary may come, but then again, she may not.
Mary may be very hungry when she gets home.
Mary made herself comfortable on the couch.
Mary made herself a peanut butter sandwich.
Mary looks much younger than she really is.
Mary looks like she's reluctant to do that.
Mary looks like she's lost a lot of weight.
Mary looks like she wants to say something.
Mary looks as if she's enjoying doing that.
Mary looked to see if Tom was watching her.
Mary looked like she wasn't in a good mood.
Mary looked like she hadn't slept in weeks.
Mary lives in the house where she was born.
Mary lived in a small apartment by herself.
Mary likes you as much as she likes anyone.
Mary likes dogs more than she likes people.
Mary let me know that she couldn't do that.
Mary lent Tom all the money she had on her.
Mary knows what she's supposed to be doing.
Mary knows that what she did was a mistake.
Mary knows that she ought to do that today.
Mary knows that she needs to do that today.
Mary knows she's not likely to be punished.
Mary knows she'll never be able to do that.
Mary knows she shouldn't be doing that now.
Mary knew that she was unlikely to be late.
Mary knew she was supposed to go yesterday.
Mary knew she no longer needed to help Tom.
Mary knew she no longer needed to be there.
Mary knew she didn't have to do that again.
Mary just told me she was getting divorced.
Mary joined the army when she was eighteen.
Mary isn't sure whether she's ready or not.
Mary isn't sure what she's supposed to buy.
Mary isn't sure she's ready to do that yet.
Mary isn't sure she needs to do that again.
Mary isn't sure how much money she'll need.
Mary isn't suggesting Tom did that, is she?
Mary isn't really going to do that, is she?
Mary isn't really a French teacher, is she?
Mary isn't expecting me to do that, is she?
Mary isn't doing that the way I showed her.
Mary isn't as unfriendly as she used to be.
Mary isn't as supportive as she used to be.
Mary isn't as overweight as she used to be.
Mary isn't as optimistic as she used to be.
Mary isn't as dependable as she used to be.
Mary isn't as busy today as she usually is.
Mary is waiting for someone to pick her up.
Mary is waiting for Tom to do that for her.
Mary is very good at doing that, isn't she?
Mary is too scared to walk home by herself.
Mary is thirty, but she looks much younger.
Mary is teaching herself to play the piano.
Mary is swimming with her kids in the pool.
Mary is still working in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is still able to take care of herself.
Mary is pretty good at everything she does.
Mary is only doing what she was told to do.
Mary is old enough to take care of herself.
Mary is much smarter than you think she is.
Mary is lucky that she was able to do that.
Mary is likely be tired when she gets home.
Mary is leaving Boston tomorrow, isn't she?
Mary is in Boston visiting her grandmother.
Mary is hoping Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary is here, but she's busy at the moment.
Mary is here and she'd like to talk to you.
Mary is good at technical stuff, isn't she?
Mary is good at almost everything she does.
Mary is going to like what you did for her.
Mary is going to do that when she has time.
Mary is going to do that when she comes in.
Mary is going to be very glad she did that.
Mary is going to be really busy, isn't she?
Mary is doing that because Tom told her to.
Mary is a very powerful swimmer, isn't she?
Mary is a lot younger than she says she is.
Mary hopes she can to do that next October.
Mary hoped she could get her children back.
Mary held her cup out for Tom to refill it.
Mary hates it when people keep her waiting.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she has to do.
Mary hasn't yet told Tom what she might do.
Mary hasn't yet admitted that she did that.
Mary hasn't told us what she has to do yet.
Mary hasn't told me why she has to do that.
Mary hasn't told me why she didn't do that.
Mary hasn't told Tom what she might do yet.
Mary hasn't said a word since she got here.
Mary hasn't been herself the last few days.
Mary hasn't admitted yet that she did that.
Mary hasn't admitted that she did that yet.
Mary has tried to kill herself three times.
Mary has told me she won't do that anymore.
Mary has told me she wants to write a book.
Mary has told me she wants to go to Boston.
Mary has told me she needs to go to Boston.
Mary has to do that before she can go home.
Mary has to be careful about what she eats.
Mary has something she wants to say to you.
Mary has something in her suitcase for Tom.
Mary has proven that she can still do that.
Mary has never done that by herself before.
Mary has found what she's been looking for.
Mary has done more than we asked her to do.
Mary has done everything we told her to do.
Mary has decided to try doing that herself.
Mary has been told that she has to do that.
Mary had to walk school when she was a kid.
Mary had no idea why Tom wanted to see her.
Mary had no idea what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary had no idea what Tom her wanted to do.
Mary had no desire to stay home by herself.
Mary had no chance to tell Tom her opinion.
Mary had a lot of things she wanted to buy.
Mary had a lot of things she needed to buy.
Mary got married when she was 30 years old.
Mary got Tom to help her with her homework.
Mary gave Tom her jacket and he hung it up.
Mary gave Tom all the money she had on her.
Mary gave Tom a picture that she'd painted.
Mary found the picture she was looking for.
Mary found the keys she thought she'd lost.
Mary felt that she owed Tom an explanation.
Mary felt confident that she could do that.
Mary fell in love with one of her students.
Mary fell down the stairs and hurt herself.
Mary fainted as soon as she saw the needle.
Mary explained in detail what she had seen.
Mary expected us do the same thing she did.
Mary eventually found a job that she liked.
Mary dyed her hair the same color as Tom's.
Mary doesn't yet know what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't wear glasses, but she used to.
Mary doesn't want Tom to sing at her party.
Mary doesn't usually get what she asks for.
Mary doesn't think that she should do that.
Mary doesn't think I can do that, does she?
Mary doesn't smile as often as she used to.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she's doing.
Mary doesn't seem to be herself these days.
Mary doesn't see why she shouldn't do that.
Mary doesn't really care how she does that.
Mary doesn't really believe that, does she?
Mary doesn't live far from where she works.
Mary doesn't like the way Tom looks at her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is scared of her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is afraid of her.
Mary doesn't know why Tom doesn't like her.
Mary doesn't know what she's talking about.
Mary doesn't know what she should be doing.
Mary doesn't know what she needs to do yet.
Mary doesn't know what Tom wants her to do.
Mary doesn't know she has to do that today.
Mary doesn't know if she'll do that or not.
Mary doesn't know how to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't have to explain herself to me.
Mary doesn't have to do that now, does she?
Mary doesn't have her phone with her today.
Mary doesn't feel we're helping her enough.
Mary doesn't expect Tom to do that for her.
Mary doesn't do that by herself very often.
Mary doesn't care about anyone but herself.
Mary doesn't allow her children to do that.
Mary does know the difference, doesn't she?
Mary does know how to do that, doesn't she?
Mary does almost nothing she's asked to do.
Mary didn't yet know what she needed to do.
Mary didn't want to make a fool of herself.
Mary didn't want to let Tom into her house.
Mary didn't want anyone to do that for her.
Mary didn't tell me why she needed my help.
Mary didn't tell me why she had to do that.
Mary didn't tell me why she didn't do that.
Mary didn't tell anyone who she really was.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she needed to do.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't seem to be very happy, did she?
Mary didn't seem to be very angry, did she?
Mary didn't seem surprised when I told her.
Mary didn't seem as busy as she usually is.
Mary didn't say how much money she'd spent.
Mary didn't realize she was being followed.
Mary didn't know who was going to help her.
Mary didn't know what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary didn't know she was likely to be late.
Mary didn't know how much money she'd need.
Mary didn't know how much money she needed.
Mary didn't go shopping yesterday, did she?
Mary didn't go because Tom told her not to.
Mary didn't do what she was supposed to do.
Mary didn't do that for me but for herself.
Mary didn't do everything she said she did.
Mary didn't do everything she needed to do.
Mary didn't actually believe that, did she?
Mary did that whenever she had a chance to.
Mary did something that she shouldn't have.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to leave.
Mary did her best to help Tom learn French.
Mary did everything she was supposed to do.
Mary did almost all of the work by herself.
Mary did all she could to help Tom do that.
Mary denied she was involved in the murder.
Mary decided she wouldn't worry about that.
Mary decided she shouldn't stay any longer.
Mary decided she had to tell Tom the truth.
Mary cut herself with a knife this morning.
Mary crouched down so she wouldn't be seen.
Mary couldn't wait any longer, so she left.
Mary couldn't swim when she was a teenager.
Mary couldn't stop herself from doing that.
Mary couldn't stand being alone, could she?
Mary couldn't solve the problem, could she?
Mary couldn't find her way out of the cave.
Mary couldn't do anything she wanted to do.
Mary couldn't do anything she needed to do.
Mary could've done that if she'd wanted to.
Mary could get in trouble if she does that.
Mary could get fired if she didn't do that.
Mary could do that well when she was young.
Mary could do that if she really wanted to.
Mary could be the boss if she wanted to be.
Mary could always do that if she wanted to.
Mary closed her eyes and thought about Tom.
Mary can't go out today because she's sick.
Mary can't afford to buy the car she wants.
Mary can still make it on time if she runs.
Mary can stay here as long as she wants to.
Mary can make herself understood in French.
Mary can have as many cookies as she wants.
Mary can do that right now if she wants to.
Mary called to tell Tom that she'd be late.
Mary called Tom and told him she'd be late.
Mary broke her promise and didn't help Tom.
Mary believes she can take care of herself.
Mary begged Tom to give her another chance.
Mary assured Tom that she wouldn't do that.
Mary asked me where she could buy a ticket.
Mary asked me to wake her up at six-thirty.
Mary asked me if she could use my computer.
Mary asked if she really needed to do that.
Mary asked Tom what he'd do if he were her.
Mary asked Tom to wait until she got there.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to do that.
Mary asked Tom to take her to the hospital.
Mary asked Tom to help her do her homework.
Mary asked Tom to drive her to the airport.
Mary asked Tom if she could copy his notes.
Mary asked Tom if he wanted to go with her.
Mary apologized to Tom for what she'd done.
Mary already knows you want to talk to her.
Mary almost hurt herself trying to do that.
Mary agreed to take the job we offered her.
Mary admitted that she stole Tom's bicycle.
Mary admitted that she had stolen the bike.
Mary accidentally shot herself in the foot.
Let's stop by Mary's house and talk to her.
Let's go over to Mary's place and help her.
Let's go over to Mary's house and help her.
Let me ask Mary if she wants to go with us.
It's necessary for Mary to do that herself.
If you want me to help Mary, I'll help her.
If Mary would eat less, she'd be healthier.
If Mary does that, she's sure to regret it.
If Mary asks me to help her, I'll help her.
I've already told Mary she can leave early.
I've already given Mary what she asked for.
I'm positive Mary can take care of herself.
I wonder whether Mary regrets what she did.
I wish I hadn't promised Mary I'd help her.
I want Mary to think she's smarter than us.
I told Mary to do whatever she wants to do.
I told Mary that she couldn't speak French.
I told Mary that I'd go to Boston with her.
I told Mary it was safe for her to do that.
I think Mary will be doing that by herself.
I think Mary could've done that on her own.
I think Mary could've done that by herself.
I think I need to ask Mary what she thinks.
I should tell Mary that she has to do that.
I reminded Mary that she needed to do that.
I never really asked Mary what she thought.
I liked Mary better before she got married.
I hope Mary likes the present I bought her.
I hope Mary likes the cake I baked for her.
I hope Mary knows why she needs to do that.
I hope Mary knows what Tom wants her to do.
I hope Mary knows she has to help us today.
I hope Mary doesn't say she has to do that.
I hope Mary can do what we asked her to do.
I haven't seen Mary since she was thirteen.
I faxed Mary the information she asked for.
I expected Mary to do that, but she didn't.
I doubt that Mary could do that by herself.
I doubt that Mary can take care of herself.
I don't think Mary will do that by herself.
I didn't tell Mary what she wanted to know.
I didn't tell Mary what she needed to know.
I didn't let Mary do what she wanted to do.
I didn't give Mary the money she asked for.
I didn't expect Mary to react like she did.
I couldn't stand Mary when I first met her.
I could never forgive Mary if she did that.
I asked Mary why she wasn't here yesterday.
I asked Mary what she wanted for Christmas.
I asked Mary what she thought we should do.
How can Mary possibly take care of herself?
Have you ever asked Mary why she does that?
Have you asked Mary why she didn't do that?
Don't tell Mary. I don't want to worry her.
Does Mary think that's all she needs to do?
Does Mary think she'll stay in Boston long?
Does Mary think she'll be here a long time?
Does Mary seem like she's afraid of anyone?
Does Mary really have everything she needs?
Does Mary really believe what she's saying?
Does Mary know I don't want her to do that?
Does Mary always do what you ask her to do?
Do you want Mary punished for what she did?
Do you think Mary could do that by herself?
Do you think Mary can take care of herself?
Did you tell Mary that she shouldn't dance?
Did Mary tell you where she was last night?
Did Mary tell Tom why she ate his sandwich?
Did Mary say who she was with last weekend?
Did Mary say what she needed the money for?
Did Mary say she thought we had to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't do that by herself?
Did Mary really want Tom to dance with her?
Did Mary know what she was doing was wrong?
Did Mary know I didn't want her to do that?
Did Mary actually do what she said she did?
Can't we just tell Mary what she should do?
Both of Mary's sisters are taller than her.
Ask Mary if she plans to be here on Monday.
Are you sure Mary can take care of herself?
Are you sure Mary can handle it by herself?
You should've asked Mary why she did that.
You should tell Mary she needs to do that.
Would you want Mary to do that by herself?
Would you like Mary to do that by herself?
Will Mary really be doing that by herself?
Why would Mary ask Tom to do that for her?
Why did you tell Mary Tom didn't like her?
Where did Mary live before she moved here?
When I saw Mary, I recognized her at once.
What does Mary eat when she's watching TV?
We all hope Mary can take care of herself.
The last time I saw Mary, she was limping.
The last time I saw Mary she was with Tom.
Tell Mary she has to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Mary she should wear a helmet.
Please tell Mary she has to do that today.
Please tell Mary she doesn't need to wait.
Nobody has told Mary what she needs to do.
Mary's parents wanted her to study harder.
Mary's not at all sure what she should do.
Mary's mother packs her a lunch every day.
Mary's mother helps her with her homework.
Mary's husband is just as short as she is.
Mary's husband is just as funny as she is.
Mary's husband is just as crazy as she is.
Mary's doctor told her to give up smoking.
Mary wouldn't tell me who she'd talked to.
Mary wouldn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary would've helped us if we'd asked her.
Mary would like to do that, but she can't.
Mary would get in trouble if she did that.
Mary would be fired if she didn't do that.
Mary wondered where she'd seen Tom before.
Mary wondered what she was supposed to do.
Mary wondered if she'd ever see Tom again.
Mary won't tell us anything about herself.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary won't leave if you don't want her to.
Mary wished she could go outside and play.
Mary wished Tom would quit staring at her.
Mary will wait as long as you tell her to.
Mary will try to convince you to help her.
Mary will try to convince Tom to help her.
Mary will tell you when she feels like it.
Mary will likely lose everything she owns.
Mary will keep doing that if she wants to.
Mary will get very dirty if she does that.
Mary will get killed if she's not careful.
Mary will get in trouble if she does that.
Mary will do whatever she can to help you.
Mary will do whatever she can to help Tom.
Mary will do that the way you told her to.
Mary will do that if you pay her to do it.
Mary will do that if you ask her politely.
Mary will do everything you ask her to do.
Mary will do everything she's asked to do.
Mary will be very glad she didn't do that.
Mary will be fired if she does that again.
Mary will be fined if she does that again.
Mary will be exhausted when she gets home.
Mary wasn't surprised when Tom kissed her.
Mary wasn't sure which one she should buy.
Mary wasn't sure she had to do that again.
Mary wasn't as busy as I thought she'd be.
Mary wasn't able to do what she had to do.
Mary was working very hard when I saw her.
Mary was very sorry for what she had done.
Mary was very skinny when she was a child.
Mary was tired, but she wouldn't admit it.
Mary was there for Tom when he needed her.
Mary was sure she needed to do that again.
Mary was so angry that she couldn't speak.
Mary was probably drunk when she did that.
Mary was lucky that she didn't get killed.
Mary was hoping you could do that for her.
Mary was aware that she was being watched.
Mary was afraid she'd hurt Tom's feelings.
Mary was afraid people might laugh at her.
Mary was able to do what she needed to do.
Mary was able to do that on her third try.
Mary wants me to wait until she gets here.
Mary wants Tom to know that she loves him.
Mary wants Tom to know that she likes him.
Mary wanted to show Tom what she'd bought.
Mary wanted me to meet her at the station.
Mary wanted me to ask Tom if he liked her.
Mary wanted her mother to leave her alone.
Mary wanted Tom to sing her favorite song.
Mary wanted Tom to help her in the garden.
Mary very seldom goes anywhere by herself.
Mary very rarely goes anywhere by herself.
Mary very frequently does that by herself.
Mary usually does what she says she'll do.
Mary usually does that when she's nervous.
Mary used to do that when she was younger.
Mary used to do that when she was a child.
Mary understands what Tom wants her to do.
Mary tried to tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary tried to tell Tom that she liked him.
Mary tried to get Tom to help her do that.
Mary told us that she did that by herself.
Mary told us she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary told us about what she did in Boston.
Mary told me to meet her at her apartment.
Mary told me that she's afraid to do that.
Mary told me that she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she'd be home on Monday.
Mary told me that she'd already done that.
Mary told me that she was going to Boston.
Mary told me that she was already married.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was mad.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was fat.
Mary told me that she intended to do that.
Mary told me she'd wait for us until 2:30.
Mary told me she'd never done that before.
Mary told me she wouldn't help us do that.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary told me she was good at water skiing.
Mary told me she was going to talk to Tom.
Mary told me she wanted to be a scientist.
Mary told me she liked this kind of music.
Mary told me she knew how to speak French.
Mary told me she didn't intend to do that.
Mary told me she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary told me she couldn't help me do that.
Mary told me she came from a large family.
Mary told me she bought a house in Boston.
Mary told me Tom gave that bicycle to her.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be free tomorrow.
Mary told Tom that she was ready to leave.
Mary told Tom that she was home on Monday.
Mary told Tom that she enjoyed doing that.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't go without him.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't ever leave him.
Mary told Tom she wasn't going to do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted him to help John.
Mary told Tom she thought he was an idiot.
Mary told Tom she hoped she could do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't want to help him.
Mary thought she was going to be punished.
Mary thought she could do that by herself.
Mary thought Tom wouldn't do that for her.
Mary thought Tom would be glad to see her.
Mary thought Tom might refuse to help her.
Mary thinks she knows what'll happen next.
Mary texted Tom to tell him she'd be late.
Mary swore she'd never do that to anybody.
Mary swam until she couldn't swim anymore.
Mary surprised everyone when she did that.
Mary still hopes Tom will do that for her.
Mary spent the rest of her life in Boston.
Mary spent most of her time reading books.
Mary sometimes does that when she's tired.
Mary sometimes does that when she's happy.
Mary sometimes does that when she's drunk.
Mary showed Tom what she'd bought for him.
Mary showed Tom a picture of her children.
Mary shouldn't have told Tom her password.
Mary should've been ready, but she wasn't.
Mary should tell Tom what she wants to do.
Mary should tell Tom what she needs to do.
Mary should tell Tom she wants to do that.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's tired.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary should be able to do that on her own.
Mary should be able to do that by herself.
Mary seemed to really be enjoying herself.
Mary seemed to like talking about herself.
Mary seemed to know what she needed to do.
Mary seemed to have everything she needed.
Mary says that she'll pick Tom up at 2:30.
Mary says that she only eats organic food.
Mary says that she has to do that as well.
Mary says that she didn't want to do that.
Mary says that she can prove Tom did that.
Mary says she's willing to do that for us.
Mary says she's willing to do that for me.
Mary says she's thinking about doing that.
Mary says she's ready to get back to work.
Mary says she's had three glasses of wine.
Mary says she's grown tired of doing that.
Mary says she's good at riding a unicycle.
Mary says she's given it a lot of thought.
Mary says she's considering getting a dog.
Mary says she'd rather do that by herself.
Mary says she won't take no for an answer.
Mary says she wishes she hadn't done that.
Mary says she wished she could go with us.
Mary says she wasn't aware of that policy.
Mary says she wants to do that by herself.
Mary says she wants a puppy for Christmas.
Mary says she thinks she ought to do that.
Mary says she thinks she needs to do that.
Mary says she needs to go home right away.
Mary says she needs to buy a new computer.
Mary says she knows Tom wanted to do that.
Mary says she just wants to be left alone.
Mary says she hopes Tom enjoys doing that.
Mary says she hasn't thought about it yet.
Mary says she hasn't had any problems yet.
Mary says she has no idea where Tom lives.
Mary says she has an announcement to make.
Mary says she finished writing the report.
Mary says she feels like she belongs here.
Mary says she feels a little better today.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk to you.
Mary says she doesn't want to talk to Tom.
Mary says she doesn't think you'd do that.
Mary says she doesn't think it's possible.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom does that.
Mary says she doesn't remember doing that.
Mary says she doesn't need to do that now.
Mary says she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that now.
Mary says she doesn't have anything to do.
Mary says she definitely wants to do that.
Mary says she can prove that Tom did that.
Mary says everybody she knows can do that.
Mary says Tom has never been to her house.
Mary saved every letter that Tom sent her.
Mary said that's what she's always wanted.
Mary said that's not what she wants to do.
Mary said that's not what she needs to do.
Mary said that she's been very happy here.
Mary said that she'd rather come tomorrow.
Mary said that she'd be back home by 2:30.
Mary said that she wouldn't swim tomorrow.
Mary said that she wouldn't do that again.
Mary said that she won't do that tomorrow.
Mary said that she wasn't working anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't very optimistic.
Mary said that she wasn't married anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't able to do that.
Mary said that she was willing to do that.
Mary said that she was through doing that.
Mary said that she was tempted to do that.
Mary said that she was feeling very tired.
Mary said that she was at today's meeting.
Mary said that she was anxious to do that.
Mary said that she wanted to learn French.
Mary said that she used to live in Boston.
Mary said that she thought Tom understood.
Mary said that she thought I looked happy.
Mary said that she might do that tomorrow.
Mary said that she might be late tomorrow.
Mary said that she likes dancing with Tom.
Mary said that she didn't want to do that.
Mary said that she didn't mean to be rude.
Mary said that she didn't have much money.
Mary said that she can't do that tomorrow.
Mary said she's willing to do that for us.
Mary said she's willing to do that for me.
Mary said she's sure Tom needs to do that.
Mary said she's not making a lot of money.
Mary said she's not in any hurry to leave.
Mary said she's never seen Tom doing that.
Mary said she's been trying to be careful.
Mary said she's been asked not to do that.
Mary said she's always done that that way.
Mary said she'll be on vacation next week.
Mary said she'll be in Boston next Monday.
Mary said she'll be doing that on her own.
Mary said she'll be doing that by herself.
Mary said she'd think about my suggestion.
Mary said she'd rather you didn't do that.
Mary said she'd rather do that by herself.
Mary said she'd only stay for a few hours.
Mary said she'd never tell Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd never consider doing that.
Mary said she'd never been in a motorboat.
Mary said she'd like to keep working here.
Mary said she'd help us if we want her to.
Mary said she'd do that for Tom this time.
Mary said she'd do that again, didn't she?
Mary said she'd be embarrassed to do that.
Mary said she'd assumed Tom would do that.
Mary said she wouldn't ever do that again.
Mary said she wouldn't be home for dinner.
Mary said she wouldn't be able to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't attend the meeting.
Mary said she wished you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't done that.
Mary said she wished she hadn't been late.
Mary said she wished Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she wasn't the least bit hungry.
Mary said she wasn't ready to go home yet.
Mary said she wasn't ready to give up yet.
Mary said she wasn't ready to do that yet.
Mary said she wasn't permitted to do that.
Mary said she wasn't interested in sports.
Mary said she wasn't happy here in Boston.
Mary said she wasn't expecting Tom's help.
Mary said she was unaware of any problems.
Mary said she was tricked into doing that.
Mary said she was good at speaking French.
Mary said she was going to try to help us.
Mary said she was going to let us do that.
Mary said she was going to do that for me.
Mary said she was going to do that anyway.
Mary said she was glad she didn't do that.
Mary said she was glad Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she was almost ready to do that.
Mary said she was afraid to do that alone.
Mary said she wants to do that by herself.
Mary said she wanted to watch a little TV.
Mary said she wanted to meet Tom's family.
Mary said she wanted to leave early today.
Mary said she wanted to do something else.
Mary said she wanted stay a little longer.
Mary said she tried to do that by herself.
Mary said she thought that Tom was hungry.
Mary said she thought she'd be prosecuted.
Mary said she thought she should help Tom.
Mary said she thought she knew what to do.
Mary said she thought she had to help Tom.
Mary said she thought my jokes were funny.
Mary said she thought Tom would be sleepy.
Mary said she thought Tom would be scared.
Mary said she thought Tom would be lonely.
Mary said she thought Tom would be hungry.
Mary said she thought Tom would be afraid.
Mary said she thought Tom would be absent.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't sleeping.
Mary said she thought Tom was unimpressed.
Mary said she thought Tom was still awake.
Mary said she thought Tom was over thirty.
Mary said she thought Tom was on vacation.
Mary said she thought Tom was embarrassed.
Mary said she thought Tom looked confused.
Mary said she thought I was wearing a wig.
Mary said she saw Tom waiting for the bus.
Mary said she saw Tom crying this morning.
Mary said she regretted what had happened.
Mary said she really doesn't do that much.
Mary said she probably isn't going to win.
Mary said she plans to get home on Monday.
Mary said she never wanted to get married.
Mary said she never wanted this to happen.
Mary said she never wanted that to happen.
Mary said she never considered doing that.
Mary said she needs to do that by herself.
Mary said she needs to borrow an umbrella.
Mary said she needed to buy a new sweater.
Mary said she needed to borrow some money.
Mary said she knows one of Tom's brothers.
Mary said she knew why Tom had to do that.
Mary said she knew why Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom would do that.
Mary said she knew that Tom could do that.
Mary said she isn't making a lot of money.
Mary said she isn't in any hurry to leave.
Mary said she hopes to be back in October.
Mary said she hoped to be back in October.
Mary said she hoped that Tom wouldn't cry.
Mary said she heard noises in the kitchen.
Mary said she has to learn how to do that.
Mary said she had to learn how to do that.
Mary said she had things she needed to do.
Mary said she had not intended to do that.
Mary said she got really tired doing that.
Mary said she felt she needed to help Tom.
Mary said she felt no pressure to do that.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom does that.
Mary said she doesn't remember doing that.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom went.
Mary said she doesn't know how to do that.
Mary said she didn't want to study French.
Mary said she didn't want to sit with Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to sing with us.
Mary said she didn't want to go to Boston.
Mary said she didn't want to eat anything.
Mary said she didn't want to do that here.
Mary said she didn't want anything to eat.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was hungry.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was asleep.
Mary said she didn't recommend doing that.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom lived.
Mary said she didn't have to work anymore.
Mary said she didn't have to wait so long.
Mary said she didn't have to decide today.
Mary said she didn't have time to do that.
Mary said she didn't have much experience.
Mary said she didn't have anything to say.
Mary said she didn't have anything to eat.
Mary said she didn't have a place to stay.
Mary said she didn't have a full-time job.
Mary said she didn't feel like doing that.
Mary said she could go to Boston with Tom.
Mary said she appreciated you being there.
Mary said nobody had asked her to do that.
Mary said no one had asked her to do that.
Mary said everybody she knows can do that.
Mary said Tom's dog wasn't as big as hers.
Mary said Tom has never been to her house.
Mary remembered where she'd last seen Tom.
Mary refused to do what I asked her to do.
Mary realized she had to help Tom do that.
Mary realized she didn't love Tom anymore.
Mary raised three children all by herself.
Mary raised the three children by herself.
Mary promised that she'd take care of Tom.
Mary promised she'd never do that anymore.
Mary promised me that she'd do that today.
Mary promised me that she'd clean my room.
Mary promised me she wouldn't tell anyone.
Mary promised Tom that she'd quit smoking.
Mary promised Tom she'd come to his party.
Mary probably knows more than she told us.
Mary probably couldn't do that on her own.
Mary probably couldn't do that by herself.
Mary pretended she didn't know what to do.
Mary poured herself another glass of wine.
Mary poured herself another glass of milk.
Mary poured herself another cup of coffee.
Mary poured champagne for herself and Tom.
Mary phoned to say she'd be a little late.
Mary passed the test she took last Monday.
Mary opened her eyes and looked up at Tom.
Mary often sings when she's in the shower.
Mary obviously wanted someone to help her.
Mary obviously needs somebody to help her.
Mary never told me why she didn't do that.
Mary never told me what she wanted to eat.
Mary never seems to have any money on her.
Mary never said where she'd first met Tom.
Mary never did what she promised she'd do.
Mary needs to take better care of herself.
Mary needs to help Tom more than she does.
Mary needs to do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary needs to do what I've told her to do.
Mary must've forgotten her promise to Tom.
Mary must've been tired when she got home.
Mary might help us if we ask her politely.
Mary might be able to get home by herself.
Mary looks older than her younger brother.
Mary looks like she's hesitant to do that.
Mary looks a lot older than she really is.
Mary looked like she was going to hit Tom.
Mary looked like she was enjoying herself.
Mary locked herself in her room and cried.
Mary lived in Boston when she was a child.
Mary likes to eat while she's watching TV.
Mary let me know that she wanted to drive.
Mary let herself in through the back door.
Mary let Tom know that she couldn't drive.
Mary lent me all the money she had on her.
Mary knows when she's supposed to be here.
Mary knows there's no way she can do that.
Mary knows the police are looking for her.
Mary knows that she ought to do that soon.
Mary knows that she needs to do that soon.
Mary knows something she's not telling us.
Mary knows she no longer needs to do that.
Mary knew who was trying to get her fired.
Mary knew the police were looking for her.
Mary knew that Tom wanted her to help him.
Mary knew she wouldn't be allowed to stay.
Mary knew she no longer needed to do that.
Mary knew it was wrong to do what she did.
Mary knew it was Tom knocking on her door.
Mary just told me she was getting married.
Mary isn't sure what she's supposed to do.
Mary isn't supposed to do that by herself.
Mary isn't really sure what she should do.
Mary isn't really sure what she has to do.
Mary isn't really going to Boston, is she?
Mary isn't quite sure where she should go.
Mary isn't expected to do that by herself.
Mary isn't drunk, but she's been drinking.
Mary isn't as talkative as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as people think she is.
Mary isn't as obnoxious as she used to be.
Mary isn't as impulsive as she used to be.
Mary isn't as forgetful as she used to be.
Mary isn't as confident as she used to be.
Mary isn't as conceited as she used to be.
Mary is young, but knows what she's doing.
Mary is wearing the blue cap you gave her.
Mary is usually very efficient, isn't she?
Mary is too young to take care of herself.
Mary is sure she can take care of herself.
Mary is still your best friend, isn't she?
Mary is still living in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is saving money so she can go abroad.
Mary is playing with her kids in the pool.
Mary is on her way to Tom's apartment now.
Mary is much younger than she says she is.
Mary is much richer than you think she is.
Mary is lucky she's still able to do that.
Mary is looking very pleased with herself.
Mary is grateful for what you did for her.
Mary is going to laugh when she sees this.
Mary is going to have her house repainted.
Mary is going to do what I tell her to do.
Mary is getting on your nerves, isn't she?
Mary is coming here to help us, isn't she?
Mary is capable of taking care of herself.
Mary is being quite diplomatic, isn't she?
Mary is afraid to say anything, isn't she?
Mary is a lot older than you think she is.
Mary is a little young for you, isn't she?
Mary is a good friend of yours, isn't she?
Mary invited too many people to her party.
Mary invited a lot of people to her party.
Mary invited Tom to the party, didn't she?
Mary hurt herself while trying to do that.
Mary hopes that she'll be able to do that.
Mary hoped Tom would make it to her party.
Mary helps anybody that asks her for help.
Mary held out her mug and Tom refilled it.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she might do.
Mary hasn't yet said what she plans to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she might do yet.
Mary hasn't said what she plans to do yet.
Mary hasn't been very kind to us, has she?
Mary has told me she'll sign the contract.
Mary has told Tom that she has to do that.
Mary has really outdone herself this time.
Mary has no idea what she's talking about.
Mary has no idea what she should be doing.
Mary has no idea what Tom wants her to do.
Mary has never said she wanted to do that.
Mary has lost a lot of weight, hasn't she?
Mary has done what she was supposed to do.
Mary has done what Tom said she should do.
Mary has done what Tom expected her to do.
Mary has done everything she wanted to do.
Mary has difficulty controlling her anger.
Mary has been waiting for Tom to call her.
Mary has been letting Tom use her bicycle.
Mary has already said that she'll do that.
Mary has a lot of things she wants to buy.
Mary has a lot of things she needs to buy.
Mary has a list of things she needs to do.
Mary has a couple of tattoos, doesn't she?
Mary had something she wanted to show Tom.
Mary had something she needed to tell Tom.
Mary had some questions she wanted to ask.
Mary had no idea what she should tell Tom.
Mary had no idea what she should be doing.
Mary had no idea that Tom didn't like her.
Mary had no desire to go there by herself.
Mary had hoped that she'd win the lottery.
Mary had better do what we told her to do.
Mary had a lot of things she wanted to do.
Mary had a lot of things she needed to do.
Mary got most of the things she asked for.
Mary got exactly what she said she wanted.
Mary goes there whenever she has a chance.
Mary gave us all the money she had on her.
Mary gave the same answer she always does.
Mary gave me all the money she had on her.
Mary gave Tom permission to drive her car.
Mary found the key she'd been looking for.
Mary found everything she was looking for.
Mary forgot to take her umbrella with her.
Mary forgot to do what Tom told her to do.
Mary expected us to go with her yesterday.
Mary doesn't think she's going to do that.
Mary doesn't think she'd enjoy doing that.
Mary doesn't think she did anything wrong.
Mary doesn't think Tom did that, does she?
Mary doesn't study as hard as she used to.
Mary doesn't smile as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't sleep as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't realize what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't often admit that she's wrong.
Mary doesn't know why Tom is ignoring her.
Mary doesn't know who's going to help her.
Mary doesn't know what's in store for her.
Mary doesn't know what happened, does she?
Mary doesn't know she's going to be fired.
Mary doesn't doubt her ability to do that.
Mary doesn't do what she's supposed to do.
Mary does that because she wants to do it.
Mary does that because she loves doing it.
Mary didn't waste her time talking to Tom.
Mary didn't want the present Tom gave her.
Mary didn't want Tom to know she was rich.
Mary didn't want Tom to come to her party.
Mary didn't think Tom would let her drive.
Mary didn't tell you any of this, did she?
Mary didn't tell me she'd never done that.
Mary didn't tell me she'd gotten divorced.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she was leaving.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wouldn't do that.
Mary didn't seem to be very busy, did she?
Mary didn't say why she came here by taxi.
Mary didn't say where or when to meet her.
Mary didn't really go swimming by herself.
Mary didn't realize she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't realize she needed to do that.
Mary didn't read the message Tom sent her.
Mary didn't like the way Tom spoke to her.
Mary didn't know what she was going to do.
Mary didn't know what she should be doing.
Mary didn't know that Tom didn't like her.
Mary didn't know how long she should wait.
Mary didn't know because I never told her.
Mary didn't have to tell Tom, but she did.
Mary didn't give you much choice, did she?
Mary didn't get paid for the work she did.
Mary didn't find what she was looking for.
Mary didn't feel she was ready to do that.
Mary didn't expect you to do that for her.
Mary didn't expect Tom to be at her party.
Mary didn't do what she promised she'd do.
Mary didn't do that the way I told her to.
Mary didn't do everything you say she did.
Mary didn't do everything she say she did.
Mary did know she was supposed to do that.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to stay.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom to sing.
Mary did exactly what we wanted her to do.
Mary did everything she could to help Tom.
Mary did better than I expected her to do.
Mary definitely did what she said she did.
Mary decided to try doing that by herself.
Mary cried for help, but nobody heard her.
Mary couldn't see herself ever doing that.
Mary couldn't read until she was thirteen.
Mary couldn't do what she was asked to do.
Mary couldn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary couldn't do everything she had to do.
Mary could've lied to you, but she didn't.
Mary could've done that faster by herself.
Mary could hardly make herself understood.
Mary could do everything she needed to do.
Mary could be a teacher if she wanted to be.
Mary convinced Tom to make her a sandwich.
Mary convinced Tom to loan her some money.
Mary convinced Tom to lend her some money.
Mary confessed to me that she'd done that.
Mary complained that Tom never helped her.
Mary committed suicide by hanging herself.
Mary claims she doesn't remember anything.
Mary claimed that she didn't see anything.
Mary claimed she didn't remember anything.
Mary can't have done what you say she did.
Mary can't decide who she should vote for.
Mary can come back here anytime she wants.
Mary can always try doing that by herself.
Mary came to return a book she'd borrowed.
Mary came to Boston when she was thirteen.
Mary called to say she won't be here today
Mary called Tom to tell him she'd be late.
Mary brags about how well she can do that.
Mary believed the story that Tom told her.
Mary ate her lunch in the park by herself.
Mary assured us that she wouldn't do that.
Mary assured me that she wouldn't do that.
Mary asked me to teach her how to do that.
Mary asked me to help her paint her house.
Mary asked me to give her time to do that.
Mary asked if she was required to do that.
Mary asked a lot of questions, didn't she?
Mary asked Tom to show her how to do that.
Mary asked Tom to look after her children.
Mary asked Tom to go to the park with her.
Mary asked Tom to get her a cup of coffee.
Mary asked Tom to drive her to the office.
Mary asked Tom if she could hold his hand.
Mary asked Tom if he knew her new address.
Mary asked Tom if he could do her a favor.
Mary armed herself with a gun and a knife.
Mary apparently didn't do that by herself.
Mary always feels happy when she sees Tom.
Mary already knows what she's going to do.
Mary agreed to do what we asked her to do.
Mary admitted that what she did was wrong.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really rich.
Mary admitted that she wasn't really hurt.
Mary admitted that she hadn't been honest.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her computer.
It looks like Mary knows what she's doing.
Isn't Mary supposed to do that by herself?
Is it necessary for Mary to go by herself?
Is Mary really going to Boston by herself?
If Mary has a problem, you could help her.
If Mary had more money, she could do that.
If Mary had a lot of money, she'd do that.
I've spoken to Mary and she says she's OK.
I've never forgiven Mary for what she did.
I've already told Mary she should do that.
I've already told Mary she has to do that.
I'd help Mary do that if she wanted me to.
I wonder where Mary is and who she's with.
I wonder if Mary's friends would help her.
I wonder if Mary can take care of herself.
I told Mary to leave as soon as she could.
I told Mary she needed to be here by 2:30.
I told Mary she could buy what she wanted.
I told Mary I didn't know where she lived.
I thought Mary knew what she needed to do.
I think Mary wants me to do that with her.
I think I should ask Mary what she thinks.
I sure hope Mary can take care of herself.
I should've given Mary what she asked for.
I should've asked Mary why she left early.
I see Mary every time she comes to Boston.
I promised Mary that I'd do that with her.
I promised Mary I'd meet her in the lobby.
I often help Mary, but she never helps me.
I never got to tell Mary that I loved her.
I love Mary and I think she loves me, too.
I know that Mary says she doesn't like me.
I know that Mary can take care of herself.
I know Mary better than she knows herself.
I kept watching Mary to see what she'd do.
I hope that Mary can take care of herself.
I hope Mary will like what I made for her.
I hope Mary knows when she has to do that.
I don't think Mary knows what she's doing.
I don't think Mary knows how lucky she is.
I don't think Mary has what she wants yet.
I don't think Mary can do that by herself.
I don't love Mary as much as she loves me.
I don't believe Mary. I think she's lying.
I don't believe Mary can do it by herself.
I didn't tell Mary what she needed to buy.
I didn't tell Mary that I didn't like her.
I came to pick Mary up and drive her home.
I asked Mary why she never studied French.
I asked Mary what she'd do if she were me.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go swimming.
I asked Mary if she liked studying French.
How old was Mary when she started walking?
How old was Mary when she started talking?
How old was Mary when she moved to Boston?
How much did Mary pay you to mow her lawn?
How did Mary react when you told her that?
How did Mary know we were looking for her?
Have you told Mary why you don't like her?
Have you told Mary why she should do that?
Have you told Mary why she has to do that?
Have you told Mary what she needs to know?
Have you ever asked Mary why she did that?
Has Mary ever told you where she was born?
Has Mary ever told you that she loves you?
Has Mary ever asked you to loan her money?
Does Mary think she'll be able to do that?
Does Mary know what Tom expects her to do?
Do you think Mary will do that by herself?
Didn't Mary tell you she wouldn't do that?
Did you tell Mary what she needed to know?
Did Mary know we wanted her to go with us?
Did Mary expect Tom to eat lunch with her?
Did Mary ask you to go to Boston with her?
Ask Mary when she started studying French.
Ask Mary if she wants to do that with you.
Ask Mary if she really has to do that now.
As soon as Mary saw Tom, she began to cry.
All Mary told me was that she was unhappy.
You owe it to Mary to tell her the truth.
Why should Mary have Tom do that for her?
Why does Mary usually do that by herself?
Why didn't Mary tell Tom what she'd done?
Who told Mary that she could leave early?
Who does Mary think is going to help her?
Who did Mary think would do that for her?
Who did Mary think was going to meet her?
Who did Mary say went to Boston with her?
Where did Mary work before she came here?
Whenever Mary is in Boston, she stops by.
When Mary saw Tom smile, she smiled, too.
When I first met Mary, I didn't like her.
What time did Mary say she wanted to eat?
What did Mary tell you she wanted to eat?
What did Mary tell you she wanted to buy?
What did Mary say she expected to happen?
We should give Mary some time by herself.
We can't just leave Mary here by herself.
This is where Mary said she used to live.
That was what Mary said she wanted to do.
Tell Mary what Tom asked you to tell her.
Tell Mary that I'm too tired to help her.
Tell Mary she shouldn't agree to do that.
Tell Mary she has to do that before 2:30.
Please tell Mary that she has to do that.
Please tell Mary she should do that soon.
Please see that Mary gets what she needs.
Please give Mary everything she asks for.
Maybe we should ask Mary what she thinks.
Mary's parents live three miles from her.
Mary's parents let her do what she wants.
Mary's mother told her to clean her room.
Mary's husband left her three months ago.
Mary's husband asked her to quit her job.
Mary's father doesn't allow her to drive.
Mary's French is better than her English.
Mary wouldn't tell us what she was doing.
Mary wouldn't really eat that, would she?
Mary wouldn't really buy that, would she?
Mary wouldn't let Tom sing with her band.
Mary wouldn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary wouldn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary wouldn't allow Tom to drive her car.
Mary would've waited if you'd called her.
Mary would lend you money if she had any.
Mary would cry if she saw you doing that.
Mary wondered what she'd find in the box.
Mary won't likely go canoeing by herself.
Mary won't do that unless you ask her to.
Mary won't be able to do that on her own.
Mary won't be able to do that by herself.
Mary wished she hadn't told Tom anything.
Mary wished she hadn't gone to the party.
Mary wished she hadn't eaten so much pie.
Mary wished she hadn't done what she did.
Mary will never admit that she was wrong.
Mary will likely lose everything she has.
Mary will have to live with what she did.
Mary will have to do that all by herself.
Mary will do whatever you tell her to do.
Mary will be waiting for Tom to call her.
Mary went to bed as soon as she got home.
Mary went to Boston live with her father.
Mary wasn't sure which way she should go.
Mary wasn't sure she could do that again.
Mary wasn't sure if she had enough money.
Mary wasn't at school yesterday, was she?
Mary was tired, so she went to bed early.
Mary was surprised by what Tom asked her.
Mary was still doing that when I saw her.
Mary was shocked when she saw Tom crying.
Mary was in a hurry because she was late.
Mary was in Boston last week, wasn't she?
Mary was hoping we could do that for her.
Mary was happy that Tom did that for her.
Mary was exactly where Tom said she'd be.
Mary was drunk last night when I saw her.
Mary was afraid Tom wouldn't believe her.
Mary warmed herself in front of the fire.
Mary wants you to help her do that today.
Mary wants to know why Tom is mad at her.
Mary wants to know how much she owes you.
Mary wants to go and live with her uncle.
Mary wants me to help her this afternoon.
Mary wants her parents to buy her a pony.
Mary wanted to finish what she was doing.
Mary wanted to do that, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted me to teach her how to drive.
Mary wanted Tom to tell her he loved her.
Mary wanted Tom to teach her how to swim.
Mary wanted Tom to take care of her kids.
Mary wanted Tom to say that he loved her.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her after school.
Mary wanted Tom to help her wash the car.
Mary wanted Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary used to play the guitar, didn't she?
Mary used to hate Tom. Now she loves him.
Mary tried to persuade me to go with her.
Mary tried to leave, but Tom stopped her.
Mary tried to get Tom to do that for her.
Mary tore up the letter she got from Tom.
Mary took her children on a camping trip.
Mary told us she could understand French.
Mary told me that she's ready to do that.
Mary told me that she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary told me that she was claustrophobic.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was OK.
Mary told me that she thinks Tom is cute.
Mary told me that she has just done that.
Mary told me that she can't speak French.
Mary told me she wouldn't eat until 2:30.
Mary told me she wouldn't be coming back.
Mary told me she wasn't ready to go home.
Mary told me she wasn't going to help me.
Mary told me she was tired of doing that.
Mary told me she was prepared to do that.
Mary told me she was finished doing that.
Mary told me she was feeling a bit tired.
Mary told me she wanted to eat Thai food.
Mary told me she wanted to do that today.
Mary told me she wanted to do that alone.
Mary told me she likes going to concerts.
Mary told me she first met Tom in Boston.
Mary told me she felt the same way I did.
Mary told me she didn't have time to eat.
Mary told me she didn't have any regrets.
Mary told me she didn't feel like eating.
Mary told me she didn't care what we did.
Mary told Tom why she enjoyed doing that.
Mary told Tom to meet her at the library.
Mary told Tom that she wanted to do that.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do that today.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do that again.
Mary told Tom she wasn't able to do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted to quit her job.
Mary told Tom she didn't want to do that.
Mary told Tom not to do that, didn't she?
Mary told Tom how to do that, didn't she?
Mary thought she should ask Tom to leave.
Mary thought she could get that for free.
Mary thought about what Tom had told her.
Mary thought Tom would come to her party.
Mary thought Tom knew who her father was.
Mary thought Tom didn't like her anymore.
Mary thinks some of her friends did that.
Mary thinks she's going to lose the race.
Mary thinks she won't be able to do that.
Mary thinks she can take care of herself.
Mary swore she'd never do that to anyone.
Mary suspected that Tom was lying to her.
Mary stole money from her mother's purse.
Mary still wants to do that, doesn't she?
Mary still wants Tom to help her do that.
Mary still needs to do that, doesn't she?
Mary still isn't sure what she should do.
Mary still hopes she can do that someday.
Mary still does that as often as she can.
Mary spent all morning cleaning her room.
Mary showed Tom where she kept his money.
Mary showed Tom pictures of her children.
Mary shouldn't try to do that by herself.
Mary shouldn't have done that by herself.
Mary should've told Tom why she was late.
Mary should've done that, but she didn't.
Mary should tell Tom she'd never do that.
Mary should tell Tom she won't leave him.
Mary should probably tell Tom she's busy.
Mary should have someone do that for her.
Mary should be able take care of herself.
Mary seems to really be enjoying herself.
Mary seems to like talking about herself.
Mary seemed to be very angry, didn't she?
Mary seemed to be quite busy, didn't she?
Mary says you talked her into doing that.
Mary says that she's never been arrested.
Mary says that she won't do that anymore.
Mary says that she wants to learn French.
Mary says that she wants to go to Boston.
Mary says that she wants to do that, too.
Mary says that she wants to come with us.
Mary says that she needs to do that, too.
Mary says that she also wants to do that.
Mary says that she also needs to do that.
Mary says she's ready to help us do that.
Mary says she's not the one who did that.
Mary says she's not going to Tom's party.
Mary says she's not a member of any club.
Mary says she's never even talked to Tom.
Mary says she's interested in doing that.
Mary says she's forgotten how to do that.
Mary says she's been injured three times.
Mary says she's always wanted to do that.
Mary says she'll never go back to Boston.
Mary says she'll go to Boston in October.
Mary says she'll do the same thing we do.
Mary says she'd rather not do that today.
Mary says she'd never ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she won't answer any questions.
Mary says she wants to play golf with me.
Mary says she wants to eat pizza tonight.
Mary says she used to be able to do that.
Mary says she thinks Tom really did that.
Mary says she plans to stay where she is.
Mary says she knows the guy who did that.
Mary says she isn't the one who did that.
Mary says she isn't ready to go home yet.
Mary says she isn't ready to do that yet.
Mary says she isn't interested in sports.
Mary says she hopes Tom tries to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom tries doing that.
Mary says she hopes Tom likes to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom likes doing that.
Mary says she heard that Tom wanted help.
Mary says she heard that Tom needed help.
Mary says she heard Tom tapping his foot.
Mary says she heard Tom and John arguing.
Mary says she hasn't seen that movie yet.
Mary says she hasn't eaten in three days.
Mary says she hasn't done that in months.
Mary says she hasn't done anything wrong.
Mary says she has about thirty cookbooks.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom will cry.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom did that.
Mary says she doesn't think Tom can swim.
Mary says she doesn't do that very often.
Mary says she didn't know how to do that.
Mary says she could never live in Boston.
Mary says she can't believe Tom did that.
Mary says she can get everything we need.
Mary says she already knows how to drive.
Mary says everyone she knows can do that.
Mary said your snoring didn't bother her.
Mary said you were meeting her for lunch.
Mary said there's a reason she does that.
Mary said that she won't do that anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't very surprised.
Mary said that she wasn't very impressed.
Mary said that she wasn't very concerned.
Mary said that she wasn't hungry anymore.
Mary said that she wasn't having any fun.
Mary said that she wasn't claustrophobic.
Mary said that she was very disappointed.
Mary said that she was glad she did that.
Mary said that she was glad Tom did that.
Mary said that she was at home on Monday.
Mary said that she knew she wouldn't win.
Mary said that she isn't able to do that.
Mary said that she had fun at your party.
Mary said that she couldn't wait anymore.
Mary said that Tom was going to help her.
Mary said that Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary said she's really glad she did that.
Mary said she's pleased with the results.
Mary said she's not sure if Tom can swim.
Mary said she's not sure Tom can do that.
Mary said she's not permitted to do that.
Mary said she's interested in doing that.
Mary said she's glad you weren't injured.
Mary said she's glad she got there early.
Mary said she's glad Tom didn't get hurt.
Mary said she's forgotten how to do that.
Mary said she's been to Australia before.
Mary said she'll help us any way she can.
Mary said she'll help me get what I need.
Mary said she'll go to Boston in October.
Mary said she'd rather not eat right now.
Mary said she'd rather not do that today.
Mary said she'd rather not do that again.
Mary said she'd rather do that next week.
Mary said she'd never tried water skiing.
Mary said she'd never ever do that again.
Mary said she'd never ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd like to hang out with us.
Mary said she'd help you do that as well.
Mary said she'd help me find what I need.
Mary said she'd help Tom do that as well.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to help her.
Mary said she'd do that if I did it, too.
Mary said she'd be retiring next October.
Mary said she'd be in Boston next Monday.
Mary said she'd be here in a few minutes.
Mary said she'd be able to help us today.
Mary said she'd be able to do that today.
Mary said she wouldn't play tennis today.
Mary said she wasn't the least bit tired.
Mary said she wasn't old enough to drive.
Mary said she wasn't old enough to drink.
Mary said she wasn't going to go with us.
Mary said she wasn't finished doing that.
Mary said she wasn't a good chess player.
Mary said she was sorry for what she did.
Mary said she was in no hurry to go home.
Mary said she was in no hurry to do that.
Mary said she was going to let Tom drive.
Mary said she was glad that you did that.
Mary said she was glad that she did that.
Mary said she was glad that Tom did that.
Mary said she was asked to do that again.
Mary said she wanted to help Tom do that.
Mary said she wanted to eat Chinese food.
Mary said she wanted to do it by herself.
Mary said she wanted to buy a skateboard.
Mary said she wanted to be ready by 2:30.
Mary said she thought you should do that.
Mary said she thought that Tom was tired.
Mary said she thought she should do that.
Mary said she thought she had to do that.
Mary said she thought she could help Tom.
Mary said she thought it was an accident.
Mary said she thought Tom would be tired.
Mary said she thought Tom would be ready.
Mary said she thought Tom would be early.
Mary said she thought Tom would be alone.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't worried.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't at home.
Mary said she thought Tom was suspicious.
Mary said she thought Tom was mad at her.
Mary said she thought Tom was interested.
Mary said she thought Tom was having fun.
Mary said she thought Tom was happy here.
Mary said she thought Tom was downstairs.
Mary said she thought Tom looked nervous.
Mary said she thought Tom looked annoyed.
Mary said she saw no point in doing that.
Mary said she read three books last week.
Mary said she plans to stay until Monday.
Mary said she plans to do that on Monday.
Mary said she plans on staying in Boston.
Mary said she plans on doing that Monday.
Mary said she now regrets not doing that.
Mary said she needs to borrow some money.
Mary said she needed to use the bathroom.
Mary said she needed to help Tom do that.
Mary said she likes hanging out with Tom.
Mary said she knew what Tom wanted to do.
Mary said she knew what Tom needed to do.
Mary said she knew one of Tom's brothers.
Mary said she isn't the least bit hungry.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom can do that.
Mary said she isn't permitted to do that.
Mary said she hopes to be back on Monday.
Mary said she hopes Tom tries to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom tries doing that.
Mary said she hopes Tom likes to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom likes doing that.
Mary said she hoped to be back on Monday.
Mary said she hoped she'd be able to win.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she heard Tom and John arguing.
Mary said she hasn't yet seen that video.
Mary said she hasn't seen that video yet.
Mary said she hasn't done anything wrong.
Mary said she hadn't intended to do that.
Mary said she had a lot of fun in Boston.
Mary said she had a hard time doing that.
Mary said she felt she needed to do that.
Mary said she felt like she was dreaming.
Mary said she enjoyed last night's party.
Mary said she doubted that Tom would win.
Mary said she doesn't think Tom did that.
Mary said she doesn't go camping anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to talk to Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to sit with us.
Mary said she didn't want to sit with me.
Mary said she didn't want to get married.
Mary said she didn't want to do that now.
Mary said she didn't want to do anything.
Mary said she didn't want that to happen.
Mary said she didn't want me to help her.
Mary said she didn't want me to help Tom.
Mary said she didn't want Tom to do that.
Mary said she didn't understand anything.
Mary said she didn't think she could win.
Mary said she didn't think Tom would win.
Mary said she didn't remember doing that.
Mary said she didn't need any more money.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom went.
Mary said she didn't know how to do that.
Mary said she didn't have to go anywhere.
Mary said she didn't have much time left.
Mary said she didn't have much more time.
Mary said she didn't have much free time.
Mary said she didn't have anything to do.
Mary said she didn't have any money left.
Mary said she didn't have any experience.
Mary said she didn't have any bad habits.
Mary said she didn't have a lot of money.
Mary said she didn't get paid to do that.
Mary said she did that at home yesterday.
Mary said she couldn't resist doing that.
Mary said she couldn't remember anything.
Mary said she couldn't recall doing that.
Mary said she believed she could do that.
Mary said it was Tom who stole her lunch.
Mary said her father told her to do that.
Mary said everyone she knows can do that.
Mary said I shouldn't bother her so much.
Mary said I should've helped her do that.
Mary refused to do what I told her to do.
Mary refused to admit that she was wrong.
Mary realized she didn't need to do that.
Mary realized she didn't have to do that.
Mary put her suitcase down next to Tom's.
Mary pushed the door open with her elbow.
Mary promised to help me, but she didn't.
Mary promised to do that, but she didn't.
Mary promised she wouldn't smoke anymore.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that today.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that again.
Mary promised me that she'd come at 2:30.
Mary promised Tom she'd do what he asked.
Mary promised Tom she'd be there on time.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't tell John.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't leave him.
Mary probably didn't do the work herself.
Mary pretended that she had a broken leg.
Mary pretended she couldn't speak French.
Mary poured herself a tall glass of milk.
Mary plans to do that as soon as she can.
Mary plans on staying at home by herself.
Mary placed most of the blame on herself.
Mary only speaks French when she's drunk.
Mary often did that when she was younger.
Mary obviously needs someone to help her.
Mary noticed that Tom was staring at her.
Mary noticed that Tom was looking at her.
Mary never told me that she had children.
Mary never told me she was afraid of Tom.
Mary never thought Tom would talk to her.
Mary never said that she wanted to leave.
Mary never said she wanted to go with us.
Mary never did that when she was younger.
Mary needs us to show her how to do that.
Mary needs to learn to think for herself.
Mary needs someone to teach her to drive.
Mary must've thought Tom didn't like her.
Mary moved her desk closer to the window.
Mary might get punished if she does that.
Mary might get arrested if she does that.
Mary might be able to do that by herself.
Mary met Tom when she was in high school.
Mary met Tom on her way home from school.
Mary may use my computer if she needs to.
Mary may keep doing that if she wants to.
Mary may have done what you said she did.
Mary managed to carry everything herself.
Mary made it quite clear what she wanted.
Mary made it quite clear what she needed.
Mary made a very big mistake, didn't she?
Mary made a list of things she had to do.
Mary looks much older than she really is.
Mary looks like she's tempted to do that.
Mary looks like she's having a good time.
Mary looks like she's enjoying the party.
Mary looks like she's about ready to cry.
Mary looked well the last time I saw her.
Mary looked very tired when she got home.
Mary lives in a big house all by herself.
Mary likely did that while she was drunk.
Mary left a message saying she'd be late.
Mary knows that she should do that today.
Mary knows that she has to do that today.
Mary knows she's not supposed to do that.
Mary knows she sometimes drinks too much.
Mary knows she shouldn't do that anymore.
Mary knows she isn't supposed to do that.
Mary knows she doesn't have long to live.
Mary knows she could've done that better.
Mary knew there was nothing she could do.
Mary knew there was no way she could win.
Mary knew that someone was following her.
Mary knew that she was going to be fired.
Mary knew she'd just made a huge mistake.
Mary knew she wasn't supposed to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have much time left.
Mary knew immediately what she should do.
Mary knew exactly where she needed to go.
Mary knew Tom was going to be mad at her.
Mary isn't sure what Tom wants her to do.
Mary isn't sure she should do that again.
Mary isn't sure she has to do that again.
Mary isn't still in the hospital, is she?
Mary isn't really a math teacher, is she?
Mary isn't quite sure what she should do.
Mary isn't old enough to live by herself.
Mary isn't old enough to do that, is she?
Mary isn't as young as she looks, is she?
Mary isn't as young as Tom thinks she is.
Mary isn't as tolerant as she used to be.
Mary isn't as stubborn as she used to be.
Mary isn't as strong as you think she is.
Mary isn't as smart as she thinks she is.
Mary isn't as rich as we thought she was.
Mary isn't as reliable as she used to be.
Mary isn't as gullible as she used to be.
Mary isn't as generous as she used to be.
Mary isn't as friendly as she used to be.
Mary isn't as creative as she used to be.
Mary isn't as careless as she used to be.
Mary isn't as annoying as she used to be.
Mary isn't always late, but she often is.
Mary is worried that she might get fired.
Mary is willing to go with us, isn't she?
Mary is very self-disciplined, isn't she?
Mary is very careful about what she eats.
Mary is usually in her office on Mondays.
Mary is too young to go there by herself.
Mary is talking louder than she needs to.
Mary is still wearing her police uniform.
Mary is still studying French, isn't she?
Mary is still in the hospital, isn't she?
Mary is still in kindergarten, isn't she?
Mary is sick, so she can't help us today.
Mary is really good at French, isn't she?
Mary is old enough to look after herself.
Mary is old enough to do that on her own.
Mary is old enough to do that by herself.
Mary is old enough to decide for herself.
Mary is not as healthy as she used to be.
Mary is much thinner than she used to be.
Mary is much older than you think she is.
Mary is much happier than she used to be.
Mary is lucky they still let her do that.
Mary is lucky that she can still do that.
Mary is living in Boston with her father.
Mary is just being diplomatic, isn't she?
Mary is going to have to do that herself.
Mary is going to be surprised, isn't she?
Mary is going to be all right, isn't she?
Mary is giving us a ride home, isn't she?
Mary is expecting Tom to be at her party.
Mary is doing everything she can to help.
Mary is big enough to do that by herself.
Mary is being very unfriendly, isn't she?
Mary is being quite obstinate, isn't she?
Mary is an interesting person, isn't she?
Mary is allowed to do whatever she wants.
Mary is afraid people might laugh at her.
Mary is absent because she's sick in bed.
Mary is a very good guitarist, isn't she?
Mary is a really good teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a really good student, isn't she?
Mary is a lot older than she says she is.
Mary invited Tom to a party at her house.
Mary insisted that all of us go with her.
Mary injured herself while playing rugby.
Mary informed Tom why she had to do that.
Mary hopes that Tom will do that for her.
Mary helps anyone that asks her for help.
Mary helps anybody who asks her for help.
Mary hasn't yet told me why she did that.
Mary hasn't told us what she wants to do.
Mary hasn't told us what she needs to do.
Mary hasn't told me why she did that yet.
Mary hasn't done what we asked her to do.
Mary hasn't done what she was told to do.
Mary has told me she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary has told me she won't do that again.
Mary has told me she has to go to Boston.
Mary has told Tom not to hug her anymore.
Mary has to wear glasses when she drives.
Mary has something she wants to tell you.
Mary has said she won't help Tom anymore.
Mary has promised she'll be here by 2:30.
Mary has never told me where she met Tom.
Mary has lots of things she wants to buy.
Mary has lots of things she needs to buy.
Mary has let her kids do that many times.
Mary has finished doing that, hasn't she?
Mary has done what we expected her to do.
Mary has curly hair just like her father.
Mary has been told to do that by herself.
Mary has been told she shouldn't do that.
Mary has been really unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been pretty unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been in her bedroom all morning.
Mary has been here since she was a child.
Mary has been doing that her entire life.
Mary has asked me to lend her some money.
Mary has already done what she had to do.
Mary has a lot of things she wants to do.
Mary has a lot of things she needs to do.
Mary has a lot of hard work ahead of her.
Mary had nothing to do, so she went home.
Mary had no idea that she was being rude.
Mary got almost everything she asked for.
Mary got Tom to help her paint the fence.
Mary gets to do anything she wants to do.
Mary gets along well with her stepfather.
Mary forgot to tell me where to meet her.
Mary felt like everyone was ignoring her.
Mary doesn't yet know what she should do.
Mary doesn't yet know what she has to do.
Mary doesn't work as much as she used to.
Mary doesn't work as hard as she used to.
Mary doesn't watch TV with you, does she?
Mary doesn't want you to do that for her.
Mary doesn't want to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't want Tom to do what she did.
Mary doesn't want Tom to do that for her.
Mary doesn't think she'll be able to win.
Mary doesn't think she'd want to do that.
Mary doesn't think I can do it, does she?
Mary doesn't swim as well as she used to.
Mary doesn't study as hard as she should.
Mary doesn't seem to know what she wants.
Mary doesn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary doesn't often let Tom drive her car.
Mary doesn't need to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't like the way Tom treats her.
Mary doesn't know who did that, does she?
Mary doesn't know what she's going to do.
Mary doesn't know what she should do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she has to do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she did was wrong.
Mary doesn't know how she should do that.
Mary doesn't know how much Tom loves her.
Mary doesn't have to leave now, does she?
Mary doesn't have to go there by herself.
Mary doesn't have any children, does she?
Mary doesn't feel that she can trust Tom.
Mary doesn't do that the way she used to.
Mary does that whenever she has a chance.
Mary does look really happy, doesn't she?
Mary does everything Tom tells her to do.
Mary didn't want to do that, but she did.
Mary didn't want people to see her naked.
Mary didn't tell you to do that, did she?
Mary didn't tell anyone why she was late.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she had to buy.
Mary didn't realize she'd made a mistake.
Mary didn't need to do that, but she did.
Mary didn't look like she was in a hurry.
Mary didn't look like she was having fun.
Mary didn't like dogs when she was a kid.
Mary didn't know why Tom didn't like her.
Mary didn't know that she had to do that.
Mary didn't know Tom was waiting for her.
Mary didn't have to help us, but she did.
Mary didn't have to do that, but she did.
Mary didn't give me what I asked her for.
Mary didn't even invite Tom to her party.
Mary did whatever she felt she had to do.
Mary did that because she was ordered to.
Mary did something she wished she hadn't.
Mary did many of the experiments herself.
Mary did exactly what Tom told her to do.
Mary did everything Tom wanted her to do.
Mary did everything Tom needed her to do.
Mary depended on Tom to take care of her.
Mary denies that she did that on purpose.
Mary denied that she told Tom to do that.
Mary denied she was the one who did that.
Mary cursed herself for her carelessness.
Mary couldn't say what she wanted to say.
Mary couldn't keep the secret to herself.
Mary couldn't keep herself from laughing.
Mary couldn't imagine herself doing that.
Mary couldn't get Tom to leave her alone.
Mary couldn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary could've complained, but she didn't.
Mary could get arrested if she does that.
Mary continues to deny that she did that.
Mary continued to do that until she died.
Mary continued doing that until she died.
Mary continued doing that her whole life.
Mary claims she can take care of herself.
Mary claimed she didn't agree to do that.
Mary chose the largest apple for herself.
Mary carries a gun with her at all times.
Mary carries a gun with her all the time.
Mary can't seem to keep her eyes off Tom.
Mary can't have done that all by herself.
Mary can't have done all this by herself.
Mary can take care of herself, can't she?
Mary can keep doing that if she wants to.
Mary can definitely take care of herself.
Mary can afford to buy the car she wants.
Mary can afford to buy any car she wants.
Mary came to Boston when she was a child.
Mary burned everything Tom had given her.
Mary brings us gifts whenever she visits.
Mary breaks more promises than she keeps.
Mary bought everything she needed to buy.
Mary bought a few things she didn't need.
Mary believes that what she said is true.
Mary became depressed after Tom left her.
Mary became an orphan when she was three.
Mary ate the whole watermelon by herself.
Mary ate the salad that Tom made for her.
Mary asked us to help her move her piano.
Mary asked me to tell her why I did that.
Mary asked me to meet her at the station.
Mary asked me to meet her at the airport.
Mary asked me to do her homework for her.
Mary asked me if she could borrow my car.
Mary asked Tom why she needed to do that.
Mary asked Tom what she wanted her to do.
Mary asked Tom what he'd do in her shoes.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to drive.
Mary asked Tom to teach her how to dance.
Mary asked Tom to read the letter to her.
Mary always wears goggles when she swims.
Mary always had to do everything herself.
Mary always does that when she's nervous.
Mary always did what she felt like doing.
Mary always carries a harmonica with her.
Mary almost never gets what she asks for.
Mary agreed that she'd pay half the rent.
Mary admitted that she agreed to do that.
Mary admitted she didn't want to do that.
Mary admitted she didn't know what to do.
Mary actually did what she said she'd do.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her bicycle.
Let's see if Mary can do that by herself.
Let's hope Mary can take care of herself.
If you see Mary, say hello to her for me.
If Mary had more time, she could do that.
If Mary could speak French, I'd hire her.
I'm not sure Mary knows what she's doing.
I'll never forgive Mary for what she did.
I'll go with Mary in case she needs help.
I'll give Mary as much time as she wants.
I'll give Mary as much time as she needs.
I'll do that for Mary if she wants me to.
I'd do that for Mary if she wanted me to.
I wonder if Mary knew she should do that.
I wonder if Mary knew she had to do that.
I told Mary that she should study French.
I told Mary that she should leave Boston.
I told Mary that she needed to calm down.
I told Mary that I thought she could win.
I told Mary she should learn how to swim.
I told Mary it was OK for her to do that.
I told Mary I'd pick her up after school.
I thought Mary would ask Tom to help her.
I thought Mary wasn't drunk, but she was.
I thought Mary might ask Tom to help her.
I think Mary might have poisoned herself.
I think Mary lied about where she'd been.
I think Mary lied about how she did that.
I should tell Mary what she needs to buy.
I should tell Mary what I want her to do.
I saw how much Mary was enjoying herself.
I saw Mary standing there all by herself.
I hope Mary likes the gift we bought her.
I hope Mary knows why she has to do that.
I hope Mary does what we asked her to do.
I hope Mary did what you asked her to do.
I hope Mary did what Tom asked her to do.
I got Mary to admit she'd made a mistake.
I don't think Mary knows that I hate her.
I didn't tell Mary why I didn't like her.
I didn't tell Mary what she needed to do.
I didn't tell Mary she'd never done that.
I didn't give Mary what she asked me for.
I can't believe Mary did that by herself.
I asked Mary why she was studying French.
How long does Mary expect us to help her?
How long did Mary say she'd be in Boston?
Have you ever seen Mary when she's angry?
Has Mary told Tom about how she met John?
Every time I see Mary, she's chewing gum.
Does Mary think that's all she has to do?
Does Mary think she's been treated badly?
Does Mary know what you expect her to do?
Does Mary know we want her to go with us?
Do you think Mary wants to go by herself?
Did Mary tell Tom why she didn't do that?
Did Mary say who she went to Boston with?
Did Mary say where she went last weekend?
Did Mary say where she found your wallet?
Did Mary say she was going to drink that?
Did Mary say she needed to do that today?
Did Mary say how she was able to do that?
Did Mary say how long she'd be in Boston?
Did Mary say anything she shouldn't have?
Did Mary do something she shouldn't have?
Did Mary behave herself while I was gone?
Did Mary ask Tom why he ate her sandwich?
Ask Mary if she wants to eat out tonight.
Ask Mary if she wants to do that with us.
Ask Mary if she can go to Boston with us.
As soon as Mary gets here, I'll tell her.
Are you sure Mary knows what she's doing?
Are you sure Mary can do this by herself?
Are you sure Mary can do that by herself?
Would you tell Mary I'd like to see her?
Would you recognize Mary if you saw her?
Why would Mary have Tom do that for her?
Why does Mary always do that by herself?
Who told Mary she could eat my sandwich?
What'll Mary do when she gets to Boston?
What time did Mary say she'd pick us up?
What did you tell Mary she needed to do?
What did Mary tell you she wanted to do?
What did Mary tell you she needed to do?
What did Mary say she expected us to do?
What Mary ate gave her an upset stomach.
We waited for Mary, but she didn't come.
We counted on Mary, but she let us down.
Usually Mary can get whatever she wants.
There's no way Mary did that on her own.
There's no way Mary did that by herself.
That's why we think Mary killed herself.
Tell Mary we have something to show her.
Tell Mary she has to do that by herself.
Tell Mary I won't go to Boston with her.
No one has told Mary what she has to do.
Maybe Mary isn't as stupid as she looks.
Mary wrapped the blanket around herself.
Mary wouldn't tell me who she talked to.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom why she did that.
Mary wouldn't really do that, would she?
Mary wouldn't let us sing with her band.
Mary wouldn't have done that by herself.
Mary wouldn't do what I asked her to do.
Mary wouldn't do that even if she could.
Mary would've done that if she could've.
Mary would never go swimming by herself.
Mary would help you if you asked her to.
Mary would do that if she had more time.
Mary would be exhausted if she did that.
Mary wondered why Tom wouldn't help her.
Mary wondered what she was supposed say.
Mary won't tell me what she wants to do.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's sleepy.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's hungry.
Mary won't do that by herself, will she?
Mary won't be happy if she sees me here.
Mary won't allow Tom to hug her anymore.
Mary wished she'd known about the party.
Mary wished she were better at swimming.
Mary wished she could understand French.
Mary wished she could go back to Boston.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's tired.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary will probably be safe where she is.
Mary will help whoever asks her to help.
Mary will get hurt if she's not careful.
Mary will do whatever you ask her to do.
Mary will do that the way I told her to.
Mary will do anything we want her to do.
Mary will be starved when she gets home.
Mary will be able to do that on her own.
Mary will be able to do that by herself.
Mary will ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary will ask Tom to do that, won't she?
Mary wasn't able to get Tom to help her.
Mary wasn't able to buy what she wanted.
Mary wasn't able to buy what she needed.
Mary washed the apple before she ate it.
Mary was worried that she might be late.
Mary was very skinny when she was a kid.
Mary was told that she needs to do that.
Mary was told not to do that by herself.
Mary was the first one here, wasn't she?
Mary was surprised by what Tom told her.
Mary was supposed to do that by herself.
Mary was really tired when she got home.
Mary was lying to us about what she did.
Mary was lucky we were here to help her.
Mary was just trying to protect herself.
Mary was in trouble and we let her down.
Mary was in the bar drinking by herself.
Mary was hoping that Tom would kiss her.
Mary was afraid Tom wouldn't notice her.
Mary wants you to help her wash windows.
Mary wants you to go to Boston with her.
Mary wants you to buy her a ticket, too.
Mary wants you to ask her to your party.
Mary wants us to think she's not lonely.
Mary wants her father to buy her a pony.
Mary wants Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary wanted to say more, but she didn't.
Mary wanted to kiss Tom, but she didn't.
Mary wanted me to buy some food for her.
Mary wanted Tom to tell him her opinion.
Mary wanted Tom to play tennis with her.
Mary vowed she'd never agree to do that.
Mary usually doesn't do that by herself.
Mary used to live in Boston, didn't she?
Mary used to do that when she was a kid.
Mary tried to finish what she was doing.
Mary tried to drown herself last summer.
Mary tried to do that, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to buy everything she needed.
Mary tried doing that, but she couldn't.
Mary took the largest apple for herself.
Mary told you what happened, didn't she?
Mary told us she wouldn't do that again.
Mary told us she wasn't allowed to help.
Mary told us she didn't want to do that.
Mary told us she didn't think she'd win.
Mary told me that she was uncomfortable.
Mary told me that she needed some money.
Mary told me that she grew up in Boston.
Mary told me that she enjoyed the movie.
Mary told me that she enjoyed the drive.
Mary told me that she doesn't want that.
Mary told me that she can't eat peanuts.
Mary told me she's never been to Boston.
Mary told me she'd try doing that again.
Mary told me she'd never been to Boston.
Mary told me she'd like to come with us.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that again.
Mary told me she won't agree to do that.
Mary told me she was sick of doing that.
Mary told me she was really happy there.
Mary told me she wanted to teach French.
Mary told me she wanted to learn French.
Mary told me she wanted to buy a jacket.
Mary told me she wanted to be a teacher.
Mary told me she used to live in Boston.
Mary told me she might agree to do that.
Mary told me she likes living in Boston.
Mary told me she had trouble doing that.
Mary told me she doesn't have much time.
Mary told me she didn't want to do that.
Mary told me she didn't like eating out.
Mary told me she didn't like doing that.
Mary told me she didn't know what to do.
Mary told me she didn't have to do that.
Mary told me she didn't have much money.
Mary told me she didn't have a passport.
Mary told herself that she should leave.
Mary told everyone that she was adopted.
Mary told Tom why she wanted to do that.
Mary told Tom why she needed to do that.
Mary told Tom why she needed more money.
Mary told Tom what she wanted him to do.
Mary told Tom what she needed him to do.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't do that.
Mary told Tom that she wanted a divorce.
Mary told Tom that she liked doing that.
Mary told Tom that she couldn't do that.
Mary told Tom that John was her brother.
Mary told Tom she'd eat lunch with John.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't ever do that.
Mary told Tom she wasn't having any fun.
Mary told Tom she was interested in art.
Mary told Tom she thought he was stupid.
Mary told Tom she needed to talk to him.
Mary told Tom she needed to leave early.
Mary thought that she might be able win.
Mary thought she was going to be killed.
Mary thought she didn't need to do that.
Mary thought she didn't have to do that.
Mary thought she could help Tom do that.
Mary thought she could do that tomorrow.
Mary thought Tom would do that with her.
Mary thinks that Tom has a crush on her.
Mary thinks she's pretty good at guitar.
Mary thinks she's pretty good at French.
Mary thinks she's going to win the race.
Mary thinks she should agree to do that.
Mary thinks she may be able to help you.
Mary thinks she knows where to find Tom.
Mary thinks she knows what Tom is doing.
Mary thinks she doesn't need to do that.
Mary thinks she doesn't have to do that.
Mary talked Tom into doing that for her.
Mary talked Tom into buying her old car.
Mary swore she'd never agree to do that.
Mary swore she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary swears she didn't agree to do that.
Mary sure does sleep a lot, doesn't she?
Mary still hasn't bought what she needs.
Mary squeezed this orange juice herself.
Mary spent her summer vacation with Tom.
Mary sounded like she had a sore throat.
Mary sometimes does that when she's sad.
Mary showed me some pictures of herself.
Mary showed her stamp collection to Tom.
Mary showed Tom a picture of her family.
Mary shouldn't be doing that by herself.
Mary should've told Tom what she'd done.
Mary should've told Tom she was married.
Mary should've given Tom her old guitar.
Mary should tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary should tell Tom what she can't eat.
Mary should take better care of herself.
Mary should do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary should ask Tom to help her do that.
Mary seems to know what she needs to do.
Mary seems to have everything she needs.
Mary seems to have done that by herself.
Mary seems like she's a lot happier now.
Mary seemed to think we didn't like her.
Mary says that she's too tired to study.
Mary says that she's good at doing that.
Mary says that she needs to talk to you.
Mary says she's willing to try anything.
Mary says she's too tired today to help.
Mary says she's read all of these books.
Mary says she's good at speaking French.
Mary says she's done that several times.
Mary says she's been mugged three times.
Mary says she'll never agree to do that.
Mary says she'll need to think about it.
Mary says she'll do that this afternoon.
Mary says she'd rather do that tomorrow.
Mary says she wouldn't agree to do that.
Mary says she won't tell Tom to do that.
Mary says she won't talk to Tom anymore.
Mary says she won't go there by herself.
Mary says she was just following orders.
Mary says she wants to help Tom do that.
Mary says she wants more time than that.
Mary says she walks to school every day.
Mary says she understands how Tom feels.
Mary says she thought she could do that.
Mary says she thinks she should do that.
Mary says she thinks she has to do that.
Mary says she only wants to talk to you.
Mary says she needs to help Tom do that.
Mary says she needs to buy a flashlight.
Mary says she needs more time than that.
Mary says she might not have to do that.
Mary says she likes chocolate ice cream.
Mary says she just wants to stay in bed.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't be afraid.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't do that.
Mary says she heard Tom speaking French.
Mary says she hasn't heard from Tom yet.
Mary says she hasn't been sleeping well.
Mary says she has actually seen a ghost.
Mary says she doesn't think she can win.
"Did something happen between you two?" "Not really."
I don't even know why I'm telling you this.
Mary says she doesn't think I'd do that.
Mary says she doesn't remember anything.
Mary says she doesn't know why Tom left.
Mary says she doesn't know where Tom is.
Mary says she doesn't know what Tom did.
Mary says she doesn't know anybody here.
Mary says she doesn't intend to do that.
Mary says she doesn't believe in ghosts.
Mary says she did that without thinking.
Mary says she could never do that again.
Mary says she can't wait to get started.
Mary says she can't give me what I want.
Mary says she can't give me what I need.
Mary says she can swim across the river.
Mary says she can speak a little French.
Mary says she can get you what you want.
Mary says she can get you what you need.
Mary says she appreciates all your help.
Mary says she always told Tom the truth.
Mary says she always does that this way.
Mary says she always does that that way.
Mary says everybody she knows does that.
Mary sat at the bar drinking by herself.
Mary said they wouldn't let her do that.
Mary said that's what she always wanted.
Mary said that she's sure she won't win.
Mary said that she'd pick us up at 2:30.
Mary said that she'd been very careless.
Mary said that she'd be glad to do that.
Mary said that she'd be back right away.
Mary said that she wasn't really scared.
Mary said that she was very embarrassed.
Mary said that she was ready to do that.
Mary said that she was in love with Tom.
Mary said that she was going to do that.
Mary said that she was going to be late.
Mary said that she was enjoying herself.
Mary said that she wanted to go with us.
Mary said that she wanted to forget Tom.
Mary said that she thought Tom was cute.
Mary said that she plays the flute, too.
Mary said that she feels like going out.
Mary said that she didn't want to drive.
Mary said that she also plays the flute.
Mary said that Tom was in love with her.
Mary said she's sure Tom should do that.
Mary said she's sure Tom has to do that.
Mary said she's studying to be a doctor.
Mary said she's ready to defend herself.
Mary said she's never seen Tom eat meat.
Mary said she's never met Tom's parents.
Mary said she's happy that you did that.
Mary said she's had no trouble sleeping.
Mary said she's glad you didn't do that.
Mary said she's glad she didn't do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom wasn't injured.
Mary said she's glad Tom didn't do that.
Mary said she's excused from doing that.
Mary said she's been waiting since 2:30.
Mary said she's been very busy all week.
Mary said she's been robbed three times.
Mary said she's afraid to do that alone.
Mary said she'll be turning thirty soon.
Mary said she'll be in Boston next week.
Mary said she'd wait for Tom until 2:30.
Mary said she'd rather not speak French.
Mary said she'd rather not do that here.
Mary said she'd rather do that tomorrow.
Mary said she'd rather die than do that.
Mary said she'd prefer that Tom do that.
Mary said she'd never speak to me again.
Mary said she'd never go back to Boston.
Mary said she'd never been there before.
Mary said she'd like you to do that now.
Mary said she'd help us any way she can.
Mary said she'd help me get what I need.
Mary said she'd help me do that as well.
Mary said she'd help if I wanted her to.
Mary said she'd finish doing that alone.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd call Tom Monday evening.
Mary said she'd be back on October 20th.
Mary said she wouldn't help Tom do that.
Mary said she wouldn't help Tom anymore.
Mary said she wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Mary said she wouldn't agree to do that.
Mary said she wondered why Tom did that.
Mary said she won three hundred dollars.
Mary said she wasn't worried about that.
Mary said she wasn't willing to help us.
Mary said she wasn't willing to do that.
Mary said she wasn't old enough to vote.
Mary said she wasn't interested in that.
Mary said she wasn't having a good time.
Mary said she wasn't at home last night.
Mary said she wasn't allowed to do that.
Mary said she was very unlikely do that.
Mary said she was too stupid to do that.
Mary said she was too sleepy to do that.
Mary said she was told to do that again.
Mary said she was starting to get tired.
Mary said she was just about to do that.
Mary said she was in no rush to do that.
Mary said she was going to study French.
Mary said she was going to go to Boston.
Mary said she was determined to do that.
Mary said she was at her parents' house.
Mary said she wanted to see Tom do that.
Mary said she wanted to help us do that.
Mary said she wanted to go to the beach.
Mary said she wanted to buy another car.
Mary said she wanted to be an architect.
Mary said she tried to help Tom do that.
Mary said she thought you could do that.
Mary said she thought that we could win.
Mary said she thought that Tom was cute.
Mary said she thought that Tom was busy.
Mary said she thought she'd be arrested.
Mary said she thought she could help us.
Mary said she thought she could do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be late.
Mary said she thought Tom would be here.
Mary said she thought Tom would be cold.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't sleepy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't hungry.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't asleep.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't afraid.
Mary said she thought Tom was with John.
Mary said she thought Tom was terrified.
Mary said she thought Tom was surprised.
Mary said she thought Tom was in Boston.
Mary said she thought Tom was impressed.
Mary said she thought Tom was at school.
Mary said she thought Tom taught French.
Mary said she thought Tom despised John.
Mary said she thought Tom could do that.
Mary said she thought I seemed confused.
Mary said she thinks I'd be able to win.
Mary said she talked with Tom yesterday.
Mary said she should've done that alone.
Mary said she really regrets doing that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't do that.
Mary said she now regrets that decision.
Mary said she needed to call the police.
Mary said she needed to be more careful.
Mary said she needed something to drink.
Mary said she knew you wouldn't do that.
Mary said she knew you couldn't do that.
Mary said she knew what Tom ought to do.
Mary said she knew she'd be able to win.
Mary said she knew it was time to leave.
Mary said she knew Tom wouldn't do that.
Mary said she knew Tom couldn't do that.
Mary said she just got back from Boston.
Mary said she just didn't have the time.
Mary said she isn't the least bit tired.
Mary said she hopes to change that soon.
Mary said she hopes that'll happen soon.
Mary said she heard Tom speaking French.
Mary said she hasn't decided what to do.
Mary said she has to do that by herself.
Mary said she had to do that by herself.
Mary said she had something else to say.
Mary said she had nothing to talk about.
Mary said she had no idea where Tom was.
Mary said she had a great time with you.
Mary said she figured she could do that.
Mary said she figured Tom could do that.
Mary said she felt compelled to do that.
Mary said she enjoyed herself in Boston.
Mary said she doesn't think she can win.
Mary said she doesn't know where Tom is.
Mary said she doesn't care if I do that.
Mary said she didn't want to talk to me.
Mary said she didn't want to go with us.
Mary said she didn't want me to do that.
Mary said she didn't want any more help.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was busy.
Mary said she didn't think Tom did that.
Mary said she didn't see Tom doing that.
Mary said she didn't often go to Boston.
Mary said she didn't need any more time.
Mary said she didn't need any more help.
Mary said she didn't like Tom very much.
Mary said she didn't know where Tom was.
Mary said she didn't know all the rules.
Mary said she didn't know Tom very well.
Mary said she didn't have to work today.
Mary said she didn't go camping anymore.
Mary said she didn't feel like laughing.
Mary said she didn't do that on purpose.
Mary said she didn't do that by herself.
Mary said she didn't believe it herself.
Mary said she couldn't wait much longer.
Mary said she couldn't sleep last night.
Mary said she couldn't help Tom do that.
Mary said she could give Tom some money.
Mary said she can't walk without a cane.
Mary said she can't sing as well as Tom.
Mary said she called Tom Monday evening.
Mary said she believed what Tom told us.
Mary said she assumed Tom would do that.
Mary said she already agreed to do that.
Mary said it was her who should do that.
Mary said it was her who had to do that.
Mary said everybody she knows does that.
Mary said Tom has never met her parents.
Mary regrets that she agreed to do that.
Mary refused to tell me where she lived.
Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Mary really likes swimming, doesn't she?
Mary really is upset with us, isn't she?
Mary really is a nice person, isn't she?
Mary really does swim well, doesn't she?
Mary realized that she'd made a mistake.
Mary realized she was likely to be late.
Mary realized she had been unreasonable.
Mary realized Tom wasn't talking to her.
Mary promised that she'd do that for me.
Mary promised she'd never do that again.
Mary promised she'd never be late again.
Mary promised she wouldn't tell anybody.
Mary promised she wouldn't say anything.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that here.
Mary promised she won't do that anymore.
Mary promised me she'd come to my party.
Mary promised Tom she'd stop doing that.
Mary promised Tom she'd come home early.
Mary promised Tom she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't hurt him.
Mary probably didn't do that by herself.
Mary pretty much gets what she asks for.
Mary pretended that she didn't know Tom.
Mary pretended that she didn't hear Tom.
Mary poured a glass of wine for herself.
Mary ordered drinks for Tom and herself.
Mary obviously knows that Tom likes her.
Mary noticed that Tom was following her.
Mary never told me why she got divorced.
Mary never told me she was a vegetarian.
Mary needs to get herself a good lawyer.
Mary needs to do that before she leaves.
Mary needs all the practice she can get.
Mary must've thought she had to do that.
Mary might think that we don't like her.
Mary might not be as happy as she seems.
Mary might not be as happy as she looks.
Mary might get injured if she does that.
Mary may use my bicycle if she wants to.
Mary made sure nobody was following her.
Mary loves Tom, but he doesn't love her.
Mary looks younger than she actually is.
Mary looks like she's going to pass out.
Mary looks like she's been up all night.
Mary looks as if she's enjoying herself.
Mary looks a lot like John, doesn't she?
Mary looked like she was ready to leave.
Mary looked like she was in a good mood.
Mary lives in the house she was born in.
Mary lived in Boston when she was a kid.
Mary likes Tom, but he doesn't like her.
Mary liked to swim when she was younger.
Mary lied to Tom when she said did that.
Mary lied to Tom about where she'd been.
Mary let me know that she had done that.
Mary left as soon as she had the chance.
Mary knows that she should do that soon.
Mary knows that she has to do that soon.
Mary knows she's not likely to be fired.
Mary knows she's going to lose the race.
Mary knows she shouldn't have said that.
Mary knows she no longer has to do that.
Mary knows she has to help Tom tomorrow.
Mary knows she has no chance of winning.
Mary knows she doesn't have much choice.
Mary knows exactly what she ought to do.
Mary knows exactly what she needs to do.
Mary knew that Tom didn't like her much.
Mary knew she'd just made a big mistake.
Mary knew she could've done that better.
Mary knew Tom wouldn't let her kiss him.
Mary knew Tom understood what she meant.
Mary just kept doing what she was doing.
Mary isn't going to do that now, is she?
Mary isn't as young as you think she is.
Mary isn't as selfish as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as I thought she was.
Mary isn't as patient as she used to be.
Mary isn't as helpful as she used to be.
Mary isn't as healthy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as finicky as she used to be.
Mary isn't as curious as she used to be.
Mary isn't as careful as she used to be.
Mary isn't allowed to go out by herself.
Mary isn't about to admit she was wrong.
Mary is well paid for the work she does.
Mary is wearing what she wore yesterday.
Mary is waiting for someone to help her.
Mary is usually quite direct, isn't she?
Mary is too young to do that by herself.
Mary is sure she needs to do that again.
Mary is still there with you, isn't she?
Mary is still married to Tom, isn't she?
Mary is still in high school, isn't she?
Mary is still engaged to Tom, isn't she?
Mary is really narrow-minded, isn't she?
Mary is quite good at French, isn't she?
Mary is planning to ask Tom to help her.
Mary is old enough to travel by herself.
Mary is never coming home again, is she?
Mary is much older than she says she is.
Mary is much fatter than she used to be.
Mary is much busier than she used to be.
Mary is making herself something to eat.
Mary is making a list of what she wants.
Mary is making a list of what she needs.
Mary is looking for someone to help her.
Mary is just being practical, isn't she?
Mary is hoping you can do that with her.
Mary is hoping she doesn't get arrested.
Mary is hoping she can help Tom do that.
Mary is hoping she can do that with Tom.
Mary is going to wait for us, isn't she?
Mary is busy, so she can't help you now.
Mary is a university student, isn't she?
Mary is a compulsive gambler, isn't she?
Mary hired Tom to take care of her kids.
Mary helps anyone who asks her for help.
Mary helps Tom, but he doesn't help her.
Mary hates Tom as much as she hates him.
Mary hated Tom as much as she hated him.
Mary hasn't done what we told her to do.
Mary has told me she's ready to do that.
Mary has to do what she thinks is right.
Mary has some things that she has to do.
Mary has said she won't hug Tom anymore.
Mary has said she won't do that anymore.
Mary has lots of things she wants to do.
Mary has lots of things she needs to do.
Mary has her reasons for not doing that.
Mary has blue eyes just like her mother.
Mary has been trying to find her father.
Mary has been told she needs to do that.
Mary has been studying hard, hasn't she?
Mary has been quite unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been in her tent all afternoon.
Mary has been helping a lot, hasn't she?
Mary has been doing that her whole life.
Mary has a younger brother, doesn't she?
Mary has a lot of problems, doesn't she?
Mary has a lot of confidence in herself.
Mary had to take care of Tom by herself.
Mary had no money with her at that time.
Mary had no idea what she needed to buy.
Mary had long hair when I first met her.
Mary had better hurry or she'll be late.
Mary got lost on her way to Tom's house.
Mary gave Tom her permission to do that.
Mary found herself a seat near the door.
Mary explained why she couldn't do that.
Mary expects Tom to eat dinner with her.
Mary expected Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary enjoyed herself a lot at the party.
Mary eats hotdogs every chance she gets.
Mary doesn't want to do that on her own.
Mary doesn't want to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't want Tom anywhere near her.
Mary doesn't usually do that by herself.
Mary doesn't think she ought to do that.
Mary doesn't think she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't think I did that, does she?
Mary doesn't think I can swim, does she?
Mary doesn't see why she should do that.
Mary doesn't remember who told her that.
Mary doesn't really want me to help her.
Mary doesn't really mean that, does she?
Mary doesn't really live here, does she?
Mary doesn't permit her kids to do that.
Mary doesn't often go hiking by herself.
Mary doesn't need to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't like talking about herself.
Mary doesn't know you're here, does she?
Mary doesn't know why Tom is mad at her.
Mary doesn't know what she really wants.
Mary doesn't know what she needs to buy.
Mary doesn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary doesn't know if she'll come or not.
Mary doesn't have to do that by herself.
Mary doesn't even understand it herself.
Mary doesn't cry as much as she used to.
Mary does exactly what I tell her to do.
Mary didn't want to go there by herself.
Mary didn't want me to help her do that.
Mary didn't want anybody to talk to her.
Mary didn't think she needed to do that.
Mary didn't think she needed a new coat.
Mary didn't think Tom would talk to her.
Mary didn't tell me where she was going.
Mary didn't tell me she lived in Boston.
Mary didn't tell me she knew my brother.
Mary didn't tell Tom who her father was.
Mary didn't tell Tom what she has to do.
Mary didn't tell Tom that she loved him.
Mary didn't seem to be enjoying herself.
Mary didn't say what time she'd be home.
Mary didn't say what else she had to do.
Mary didn't really want to eat, did she?
Mary didn't realize she had to help Tom.
Mary didn't put you up to this, did she?
Mary didn't need to go there by herself.
Mary didn't like what she saw Tom doing.
Mary didn't know that Tom could see her.
Mary didn't know she was being followed.
Mary didn't know how to control herself.
Mary didn't know how she should do that.
Mary didn't know how much she had spent.
Mary didn't do what you asked her to do.
Mary didn't do what Tom asked her to do.
Mary didn't do that on purpose, did she?
Mary didn't do that entirely on her own.
Mary didn't do everything she had to do.
Mary didn't buy what she said she'd buy.
Mary didn't actually do that by herself.
Mary did what she thought she should do.
Mary did what she promised to do for us.
Mary did what she promised to do for me.
Mary did what she felt she needed to do.
Mary did what Tom said she needed to do.
Mary did that while she was half asleep.
Mary did that whenever she had a chance.
Mary did that intentionally, didn't she?
Mary did that because she was forced to.
Mary did that because she had no choice.
Mary did more than what we asked her to.
Mary did exactly what we told her to do.
Mary did exactly what she said she'd do.
Mary did everything we wanted her to do.
Mary did everything Tom asked her to do.
Mary did come, but she didn't stay long.
Mary decided to go to Boston by herself.
Mary couldn't have made this by herself.
Mary couldn't have done that on her own.
Mary couldn't have done that by herself.
Mary couldn't do that even if she tried.
Mary couldn't do anything she had to do.
Mary couldn't come because she was sick.
Mary couldn't come because she was busy.
Mary couldn't buy everything she needed.
Mary couldn't believe what Tom told her.
Mary could've helped me, but she didn't.
Mary could've done that, but she didn't.
Mary could get punished if she did that.
Mary could do a lot better if she tried.
Mary could come with me if she wants to.
Mary considers herself relatively lucky.
Mary closed the door quietly behind her.
Mary claims that she's never lied to me.
Mary claims that she was born in Boston.
Mary claims she never wanted to do that.
Mary claims she didn't agree to do that.
Mary can't tie her shoelaces by herself.
Mary can't picture herself as a teacher.
Mary can't have written this by herself.
Mary can't decide whether she should go.
Mary can't decide when she should leave.
Mary can tell Tom whatever she wants to.
Mary can tell Tom anything she wants to.
Mary can stay here as long as she likes.
Mary can sit next to me if she wants to.
Mary built this doghouse all by herself.
Mary blames Tom for all of her problems.
Mary begged me to let her go home early.
Mary assured Tom that she could do that.
Mary asked me to teach her how to drive.
Mary asked me to go to a movie with her.
Mary asked me if she could hold my hand.
Mary asked me if I could do her a favor.
Mary asked if she really had to do that.
Mary asked Tom to meet her in the lobby.
Mary asked Tom to meet her after school.
Mary asked Tom to let her drive his car.
Mary asked Tom to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked Tom to follow her downstairs.
Mary asked Tom to call her after dinner.
Mary asked Tom if he'd teach her French.
Mary asked Tom if he'd take her picture.
Mary apologized to Tom for what she did.
Mary apologized to Tom for her rudeness.
Mary always does that when she's scared.
Mary always carries her camera with her.
Mary already knows what she needs to do.
Mary almost told Tom that she loved him.
Mary almost always does that by herself.
Mary admitted that she'd been dishonest.
Mary admitted that she hadn't been fair.
Mary admitted that she broke the window.
Mary admitted she couldn't speak French.
Mary actually got Tom to dance with her.
Mary actually figured it out by herself.
Mary actually didn't do that by herself.
Mary accepted the money Tom offered her.
It's up to Mary whether she goes or not.
If you see Mary, please tell her for me.
I've already told Mary I won't help her.
I'm not letting Mary do this by herself.
I'm looking for Mary. Have you seen her?
I'll meet Mary where we always meet her.
I'll do that for Mary if she asks me to.
I'll ask Mary why she agreed to do that.
I'd do that for Mary if she asked me to.
I wouldn't forgive Mary if she did that.
I wish Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
I wish Mary had told me she was married.
I told Mary why she should study French.
I told Mary to help Tom, but she didn't.
I told Mary the same thing you told her.
I told Mary the same thing Tom told her.
I told Mary I'd help her clean her room.
I told Mary I thought she could do that.
I think we should tell Mary we love her.
I think Mary thought she had to do that.
I think Mary could do that if she tried.
I should've asked Mary why she did that.
I should tell Mary what she needs to do.
I reminded Mary that she had to do that.
I really wish Mary would behave herself.
I let Mary do that anytime she wants to.
I know that Mary expects me to help her.
I know Mary would leave if we'd let her.
I knew Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
I hope Mary likes what I bought for her.
I hope Mary did what you told her to do.
I hope Mary did what we asked her to do.
I hope Mary did what Tom told her to do.
I helped Mary buy everything she needed.
I heard Mary say she needed to find Tom.
I expected Mary to call, but she didn't.
I don't want Mary to do that by herself.
I don't think Mary knows what she wants.
I don't think Mary has her phone on her.
I don't let Mary go swimming by herself.
I couldn't forgive Mary if she did that.
I can't remember what Mary said she did.
I bumped into Mary and knocked her down.
I believe Mary can take care of herself.
I asked Mary why she had gone to Boston.
I asked Mary to tell me what she wanted.
I asked Mary if she wanted to go abroad.
I asked Mary if she had any suggestions.
How long did Mary say she was in Boston?
How did Mary like the gift you gave her?
Haven't you asked Mary why she did that?
Has anybody asked Mary why she did that?
Has Mary decided what she's going to do?
Don't permit Mary to do that by herself.
Don't disturb Mary while she's studying.
Does Mary really expect Tom to help her?
Does Mary know why Tom doesn't like her?
Did you know Mary was living by herself?
Did you ask Mary why she didn't do that?
Did you ask Mary what she meant by that?
Did Mary tell you she's studying French?
Did Mary say which way she'd be heading?
Did Mary say where she was last weekend?
Did Mary say she didn't want to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't need to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't have to do that?
Did Mary really think we would help her?
Did Mary leave Tom or did she leave him?
Call Mary and tell her we're on our way.
All Mary wanted was someone to love her.
All I did was ask Mary if she was happy.
You should let Mary decide for herself.
Why don't you call Mary and remind her?
Why don't you ask Mary what she thinks?
Why did Mary say she wanted to do that?
Who did Mary say was going to help her?
Where did Mary live when she was a kid?
When did Mary tell you she was leaving?
What did Mary say she expected to find?
We'll need to ask Mary what she thinks.
We'll ask Mary and see what she thinks.
This is where Mary told us to meet her.
This is just what Mary said she wanted.
That looks like Mary, but it isn't her.
Tell Mary she should go back to Boston.
Please tell Mary where she needs to go.
Please tell Mary to do that by herself.
Please tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Mary's uncle sent her a Christmas card.
Mary's parents died when she was three.
Mary's husband said he was leaving her.
Mary's dog followed her into the house.
Mary's doctor told her to quit smoking.
Mary's curiosity got the better of her.
Mary wrapped herself in a warm blanket.
Mary wouldn't tell me why she did that.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she'd been.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom where she lived.
Mary wouldn't tell Tom how old she was.
Mary wouldn't leave us here, would she?
Mary wouldn't do that again, would she?
Mary wouldn't admit that she was wrong.
Mary would do that if you asked her to.
Mary would do that if Tom asked her to.
Mary would do that again if she had to.
Mary would be punished if she did that.
Mary would be forgiven if she did that.
Mary would be arrested if she did that.
Mary wondered which one she should buy.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's tired.
Mary won't likely tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary won't let us go there without her.
Mary won't leave unless you ask her to.
Mary won't go unless Tom goes with her.
Mary won't eat anything I cook for her.
Mary won't be skiing with us, will she?
Mary wishes she didn't have to do that.
Mary wished she could've stayed longer.
Mary wished Tom could've gone with her.
Mary will probably tell Tom she's busy.
Mary will never admit that she's wrong.
Mary will have to do it all by herself.
Mary will give me that if I ask her to.
Mary will eat as soon as she gets home.
Mary will come back. I'm sure she will.
Mary will be punished for what she did.
Mary will be late if she doesn't hurry.
Mary wasn't told to do that by herself.
Mary wasn't told she shouldn't do that.
Mary wasn't telling the truth, was she?
Mary wasn't sure she wanted to do that.
Mary wasn't sure she needed to do that.
Mary wasn't able to do what she wanted.
Mary wasn't able to do that by herself.
Mary was very hungry when she got home.
Mary was unable to get Tom to help her.
Mary was thirteen when she disappeared.
Mary was there, but she didn't help us.
Mary was surprised when Tom kissed her.
Mary was sure she had to do that again.
Mary was mumbling something to herself.
Mary was lucky she was able to do that.
Mary was hoping she could cheer Tom up.
Mary was glad that Tom agreed with her.
Mary was busy, so she couldn't help us.
Mary was at school when Tom called her.
Mary was afraid to go there by herself.
Mary was able to do what she had to do.
Mary wants to know if you remember her.
Mary wants Tom to babysit her children.
Mary wanted to leave, but she couldn't.
Mary wanted me to do something for her.
Mary wanted Tom to tell her what to do.
Mary wanted Tom to loan her some money.
Mary wanted Tom to lend her some money.
Mary usually gets everything she wants.
Mary used to think Tom didn't like her.
Mary used to do that a lot, didn't she?
Mary turned and saw Tom looking at her.
Mary tried to see if she could do that.
Mary tried to persuade Tom to help her.
Mary tried to make herself comfortable.
Mary tried to convince Tom to help her.
Mary tried to be as quiet as she could.
Mary took the job that Tom offered her.
Mary took out her phone and called Tom.
Mary told you I was coming, didn't she?
Mary told us she thought she'd do that.
Mary told us she could teach us French.
Mary told me why she didn't want to go.
Mary told me why she agreed to do that.
Mary told me that she's doing that now.
Mary told me that she'll join us later.
Mary told me that she'd be cooperative.
Mary told me that she was disappointed.
Mary told me that she was ambidextrous.
Mary told me that she doesn't like Tom.
Mary told me she's never talked to Tom.
Mary told me she'd win, but she didn't.
Mary told me she'd never do that again.
Mary told me she'd never be late again.
Mary told me she'd forgotten something.
Mary told me she'd complain about that.
Mary told me she won't do that anymore.
Mary told me she wants to go to Boston.
Mary told me she thought she might win.
Mary told me she thought she could win.
Mary told me she probably wouldn't win.
Mary told me she had skipped breakfast.
Mary told me she didn't like this book.
Mary told me she didn't have much time.
Mary told me she didn't have insurance.
Mary told me she didn't have any money.
Mary told me she didn't have an office.
Mary told me she couldn't speak French.
Mary told me Tom cooked dinner for her.
Mary told Tom why she had to work late.
Mary told Tom why she enjoyed swimming.
Mary told Tom why she couldn't do that.
Mary told Tom what she wants him to do.
Mary told Tom what she needs him to do.
Mary told Tom that she'd been punished.
Mary told Tom that she was very hungry.
Mary told Tom that she was unimpressed.
Mary told Tom that she was sympathetic.
Mary told Tom that she was heartbroken.
Mary told Tom that she was embarrassed.
Mary told Tom that she was discouraged.
Mary told Tom that she wanted his help.
Mary told Tom that she thought I'd win.
Mary told Tom that she needed his help.
Mary told Tom that she didn't love him.
Mary told Tom she was ready to do that.
Mary told Tom she was going to do that.
Mary told Tom she had to go home early.
Mary thought that Tom wouldn't see her.
Mary thought she'd never see Tom again.
Mary thought she was going to be fired.
Mary thought she might need to do that.
Mary thought she might have to do that.
Mary thought she could help us do that.
Mary thought Tom would do that for her.
Mary thought Tom was going to kiss her.
Mary thought Tom was going to help her.
Mary thinks she could probably do that.
Mary swore she'd never do that anymore.
Mary swore she didn't agree to do that.
Mary swears she's telling us the truth.
Mary suggested I go with her to Boston.
Mary still has to do that, doesn't she?
Mary started crying when she fell down.
Mary showed Tom the poem she'd written.
Mary showed Tom the book she'd written.
Mary should've told me she was married.
Mary should tell Tom she won't do that.
Mary should get Tom to do that for her.
Mary should do that as soon as she can.
Mary should ask Tom to do that for her.
Mary shared her piece of cake with Tom.
Mary seemed to know what she should do.
Mary seemed to know what she had to do.
Mary seemed somewhat unsure of herself.
Mary seemed quite pleased with herself.
Mary seemed a little jumpy, didn't she?
Mary says you talked her into doing it.
Mary says you still won't speak to her.
Mary says the smell doesn't bother her.
Mary says the noise doesn't bother her.
Mary says that she's never lied to Tom.
Mary says that she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary says that she'll agree to do that.
Mary says that she won't do that again.
Mary says that she plans on doing that.
Mary says that she has to do that, too.
Mary says that she enjoyed the concert.
Mary says that she can be here by 2:30.
Mary says that she also has to do that.
Mary says she's trying to quit smoking.
Mary says she's not feeling any better.
Mary says she's learned a lot from Tom.
Mary says she's hoping she can do that.
Mary says she's considering doing that.
Mary says she's been fired three times.
Mary says she'll still be here at 2:30.
Mary says she'd never buy one of those.
Mary says she'd never agree to do that.
Mary says she wouldn't want to do that.
Mary says she won't do that by herself.
Mary says she won't bother Tom anymore.
Mary says she won't ask you to do that.
Mary says she won't ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she wants to live by herself.
Mary says she wants to go there by bus.
Mary says she understands how you feel.
Mary says she thinks she won't do that.
Mary says she thinks it's not possible.
Mary says she thinks it isn't possible.
Mary says she never thought about that.
Mary says she likes this kind of music.
Mary says she isn't worried about that.
Mary says she isn't afraid of anything.
Mary says she hopes that Tom does that.
Mary says she hasn't slept in 24 hours.
Mary says she hasn't seen Tom recently.
Mary says she has something to show us.
Mary says she has no idea where Tom is.
Mary says she has no desire to do that.
Mary says she has never been to Boston.
Mary says she has everything she needs.
Mary says she feels a lot better today.
Mary says she doesn't want to hurt Tom.
Mary says she doesn't think she'll win.
Mary says she doesn't think she snores.
Mary says she doesn't remember a thing.
Mary says she doesn't know how to swim.
Mary says she doesn't have enough time.
Mary says she doesn't have any regrets.
Mary says she doesn't enjoy doing that.
Mary says she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary says she definitely won't do that.
Mary says she can't prove Tom did that.
Mary says she can't ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she believes she can do that.
Mary says she already knows the answer.
Mary says everyone she knows does that.
Mary says everybody she knows can swim.
Mary saves about 30% of what she earns.
Mary saved the last bullet for herself.
Mary said that's what she wants to eat.
Mary said that's what she wants to buy.
Mary said that wasn't why she did that.
Mary said that she'd been very unlucky.
Mary said that she won't do that again.
Mary said that she wasn't very worried.
Mary said that she wasn't very thirsty.
Mary said that she wasn't tired at all.
Mary said that she wasn't feeling well.
Mary said that she wasn't disappointed.
Mary said that she wasn't conservative.
Mary said that she wasn't at all tired.
Mary said that she was very suspicious.
Mary said that she was very optimistic.
Mary said that she was very interested.
Mary said that she was unfazed by that.
Mary said that she was too busy to eat.
Mary said that she was in love with me.
Mary said that she was already married.
Mary said that she needed to go to bed.
Mary said that she intended to do that.
Mary said that she did that by herself.
Mary said that she couldn't believe it.
Mary said she's seen people doing that.
Mary said she's noticed the difference.
Mary said she's not allowed to do that.
Mary said she's never seen Tom do that.
Mary said she's never done that before.
Mary said she's glad you could do that.
Mary said she's glad that you did that.
Mary said she's glad she could do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom could do that.
Mary said she's aware of the situation.
Mary said she's always lived in Boston.
Mary said she's always been an athlete.
Mary said she'll try to do that for me.
Mary said she'll never quit doing that.
Mary said she'd think about doing that.
Mary said she'd talk to Tom about that.
Mary said she'd see what could be done.
Mary said she'd rather not do that now.
Mary said she'd rather do that herself.
Mary said she'd probably do that today.
Mary said she'd prefer to stay at home.
Mary said she'd never done that before.
Mary said she'd never do that with Tom.
Mary said she'd never agree to do that.
Mary said she'd like to live in Boston.
Mary said she'd help Tom with his plan.
Mary said she'd come over this evening.
Mary said she'd be willing to help Tom.
Mary said she'd be thrilled to do that.
Mary said she'd be thirteen next month.
Mary said she'd be in Boston next week.
Mary said she wouldn't want to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't walk home today.
Mary said she wouldn't wait any longer.
Mary said she wouldn't like to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't do that for Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she won't ever do that again.
Mary said she won't attend the meeting.
Mary said she wished you could do that.
Mary said she wished she could do that.
Mary said she wished Tom would do that.
Mary said she wished Tom could do that.
Mary said she wasn't worried about Tom.
Mary said she wasn't likely to do that.
Mary said she wasn't going to be there.
Mary said she wasn't going Tom's party.
Mary said she wasn't being paid enough.
Mary said she was unwilling to do that.
Mary said she was trying to stay awake.
Mary said she was trying to be careful.
Mary said she was too young to do that.
Mary said she was too tired to do that.
Mary said she was too drunk to do that.
Mary said she was the one who did that.
Mary said she was hoping you'd do that.
Mary said she was going to talk to Tom.
Mary said she was going to take a bath.
Mary said she was going to let Tom win.
Mary said she was delighted to do that.
Mary said she was asked not to do that.
Mary said she wants to be an architect.
Mary said she wanted to try to do that.
Mary said she wanted to hear the truth.
Mary said she wanted to get some sleep.
Mary said she wanted to buy a drum set.
Mary said she wanted to be your friend.
Mary said she wanted to be cooperative.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't cry.
Mary said she thought Tom would be shy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't tired.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't happy.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't bored.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't awake.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't angry.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't alone.
Mary said she thought Tom was too slow.
Mary said she thought Tom was sleeping.
Mary said she thought Tom was mistaken.
Mary said she thought Tom was innocent.
Mary said she thought Tom spoke French.
Mary said she thinks Tom won't do that.
Mary said she thinks Tom can't do that.
Mary said she shouldn't have done that.
Mary said she really enjoyed the movie.
Mary said she really didn't understand.
Mary said she plans on going on Monday.
Mary said she never saw Tom doing that.
Mary said she needed to get some sleep.
Mary said she needed to get more sleep.
Mary said she knew where Tom was going.
Mary said she isn't worried about that.
Mary said she isn't very likely to win.
Mary said she isn't allowed to do that.
Mary said she invited Tom to her party.
Mary said she hoped Tom would be there.
Mary said she heard somebody screaming.
Mary said she has to borrow some money.
Mary said she had the right to do that.
Mary said she had the day off tomorrow.
Mary said she had something to say you.
Mary said she feels a lot better today.
Mary said she expected Tom to help her.
Mary said she doesn't want to kiss Tom.
Mary said she doesn't feel like a hero.
Mary said she doesn't enjoy doing that.
Mary said she doesn't eat pork anymore.
Mary said she doesn't eat meat anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to work late.
Mary said she didn't see Tom yesterday.
Mary said she didn't remember anything.
Mary said she didn't know who did that.
Mary said she didn't intend to do that.
Mary said she didn't have enough money.
Mary said she didn't feel like dancing.
Mary said she didn't do that yesterday.
Mary said she didn't do anything wrong.
Mary said she couldn't wait any longer.
Mary said she couldn't do that anymore.
Mary said she could've done that alone.
Mary said she asked Tom not to do that.
Mary said she almost forgot to do that.
Mary said her new house cost her a lot.
Mary said everything she wanted to say.
Mary said everyone she knows does that.
Mary said everybody she knows can swim.
Mary said Tom wouldn't let her do that.
Mary said Tom has never seen her dance.
Mary runs faster than you, doesn't she?
Mary retired when she was 65 years old.
Mary regrets that she couldn't do that.
Mary refused to tell Tom what she knew.
Mary really is good a sport, isn't she?
Mary realized that Tom didn't like her.
Mary realized she was in love with Tom.
Mary put down the book she was reading.
Mary promised she'd never hit me again.
Mary promised she'd do that right away.
Mary promised she wouldn't tell anyone.
Mary promised me that she'd be careful.
Mary promised me she'd teach me French.
Mary promised me she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't do that.
Mary probably knows that Tom likes her.
Mary probably can't do that on her own.
Mary prefers to go shopping by herself.
Mary poured herself something to drink.
Mary poured drinks for herself and Tom.
Mary plays piano better than she sings.
Mary parked her car behind Tom's house.
Mary overheard what Tom said about her.
Mary ought to admit that she was wrong.
Mary only does that because she has to.
Mary never told me she didn't like Tom.
Mary never thought she'd see Tom again.
Mary never thought Tom would leave her.
Mary never did what we asked her to do.
Mary needs us to show her the way home.
Mary needed our help, so we helped her.
Mary must be punished for what she did.
Mary moved home to be with her parents.
Mary might've gone kayaking by herself.
Mary may not have done that by herself.
Mary may get arrested if she does that.
Mary may do that again if she wants to.
Mary may be young, but she's very wise.
Mary made no attempt to defend herself.
Mary looks tired. Please take her home.
Mary looks thinner than she did before.
Mary looks like she's in a lot of pain.
Mary looks like she's having a bad day.
Mary looks like she's enjoying herself.
Mary looks like she might start crying.
Mary looked like she wasn't in a hurry.
Mary looked like she wasn't having fun.
Mary looked like she was uncomfortable.
Mary lives in the woods all by herself.
Mary lives in a large house by herself.
Mary likes to do that with her friends.
Mary likes doing that with her friends.
Mary liked swimming when she was a kid.
Mary let Tom know that she'd done that.
Mary left of the restaurant by herself.
Mary left her driver's license at home.
Mary knows that what she did was wrong.
Mary knows she shouldn't do that again.
Mary knows she can always count on Tom.
Mary knows how to take care of herself.
Mary knows everyone is waiting for her.
Mary knows a lot more than she lets on.
Mary knew that she'd be busy on Monday.
Mary knew that she should study harder.
Mary knew she'd probably said too much.
Mary knew she sometimes drank too much.
Mary knew she no longer had to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have enough money.
Mary knew more than she was letting on.
Mary knew Tom would ask her to do that.
Mary kicked the door closed behind her.
Mary just told me what she and Tom did.
Mary isn't very good at French, is she?
Mary isn't supposed to do that, is she?
Mary isn't supposed to be here, is she?
Mary isn't still at the clinic, is she?
Mary isn't really afraid of me, is she?
Mary isn't doing that for her children.
Mary isn't being very friendly, is she?
Mary isn't as young as she says she is.
Mary isn't as stupid as she used to be.
Mary isn't as strong as she used to be.
Mary isn't as skinny as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as you think she is.
Mary isn't as old as Tom thinks she is.
Mary isn't as old as I thought she was.
Mary isn't as lazy as you think she is.
Mary isn't as happy as she seems to be.
Mary isn't as chubby as she used to be.
Mary isn't as active as she used to be.
Mary is your guitar teacher, isn't she?
Mary is worried that she might be late.
Mary is very sure she needs to do that.
Mary is very sorry for what she's done.
Mary is very picky about what she eats.
Mary is very grumpy tonight, isn't she?
Mary is very good at French, isn't she?
Mary is very fussy about what she eats.
Mary is used to getting what she wants.
Mary is too weak to look after herself.
Mary is the one who said she'd do that.
Mary is sure that she'll pass the exam.
Mary is supposed to do that by herself.
Mary is studying French now, isn't she?
Mary is stronger than you think she is.
Mary is really good-looking, isn't she?
Mary is really good at this, isn't she?
Mary is really conservative, isn't she?
Mary is rather conservative, isn't she?
Mary is quite narrow-minded, isn't she?
Mary is quite conscientious, isn't she?
Mary is pretty conservative, isn't she?
Mary is particular about what she eats.
Mary is only trying to protect herself.
Mary is now able to do that by herself.
Mary is never going to change her mind.
Mary is likely to be safe where she is.
Mary is learning how to defend herself.
Mary is hoping you can do that for her.
Mary is happy because she's going home.
Mary is going to have to go by herself.
Mary is going to be sorry she did that.
Mary is going to be happy she did that.
Mary is fairly certain she can do that.
Mary is doing what we asked, isn't she?
Mary is actually talking about herself.
Mary is absent because she has the flu.
Mary is able to do that by herself now.
Mary is a very good teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a very good student, isn't she?
Mary is a good chess player, isn't she?
Mary invited Tom to her birthday party.
Mary introduced Tom to all her friends.
Mary instantly regretted what she said.
Mary injured herself trying to do that.
Mary injured herself mountain climbing.
Mary initially said she wasn't nervous.
Mary hired a good lawyer to defend her.
Mary hired Tom to babysit her children.
Mary helped whoever asked her for help.
Mary helped herself to a cup of coffee.
Mary helped her mother wash the dishes.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she wants.
Mary hasn't yet told us what she needs.
Mary hasn't yet told me who helped her.
Mary hasn't told us what she has to do.
Mary hasn't told me who helped her yet.
Mary hasn't done that already, has she?
Mary hasn't been here already, has she?
Mary has us to show her how to do that.
Mary has to learn to think for herself.
Mary has plenty of friends to help her.
Mary has never told me how she met Tom.
Mary has me to show her how to do that.
Mary has lots of things she has to buy.
Mary has known Tom since she was a kid.
Mary has given away a lot of her money.
Mary has done what you asked her to do.
Mary has done what we wanted her to do.
Mary has been very unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been an optimist all her life.
Mary has been a pessimist all her life.
Mary has asked Tom to help her do that.
Mary has already told me how she feels.
Mary has already bought what she wants.
Mary has already bought what she needs.
Mary has a really big day ahead of her.
Mary has a lot of things she has to do.
Mary has a car, but she seldom uses it.
Mary has a car, but she rarely uses it.
Mary had to pay for everything herself.
Mary had other things she wanted to do.
Mary had other things she needed to do.
Mary had no idea what she needed to do.
Mary had a lot of things she had to do.
Mary got tired of waiting, so she left.
Mary got the answer she was hoping for.
Mary got sick because she ate too much.
Mary gave Tom the book she was holding.
Mary forgot to invite Tom to her party.
Mary finally did what she agreed to do.
Mary felt she couldn't wait any longer.
Mary excused herself and left the room.
Mary enjoys doing that with her family.
Mary drank the water that Tom gave her.
Mary doesn't want to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't need to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't love Tom like she used to.
Mary doesn't know what she needs to do.
Mary doesn't have to do that, does she?
Mary doesn't have everything she wants.
Mary doesn't have everything she needs.
Mary doesn't have anyone to advise her.
Mary doesn't feel she needs to do that.
Mary doesn't ever come here by herself.
Mary doesn't believe she could do that.
Mary doesn't always do what she's told.
Mary doesn't always complain, does she?
Mary doesn't allow her kids to do that.
Mary does whatever Tom tells her to do.
Mary does everything we tell her to do.
Mary does everything she's asked to do.
Mary does anything Tom tells her to do.
Mary didn't want to do that on her own.
Mary didn't want me to do that for her.
Mary didn't tell us what she was doing.
Mary didn't tell me she'd gotten fired.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her cousin.
Mary didn't take much luggage with her.
Mary didn't take her umbrella with her.
Mary didn't sound like she was kidding.
Mary didn't say why she didn't do that.
Mary didn't say where she wanted to go.
Mary didn't say what you said she said.
Mary didn't say anything about herself.
Mary didn't realize she should do that.
Mary didn't realize she had to do that.
Mary didn't need to do that by herself.
Mary didn't know what she needed to do.
Mary didn't know she shouldn't do that.
Mary didn't know she needed to do that.
Mary didn't know if she had to do that.
Mary didn't intend to let Tom kiss her.
Mary didn't hear Tom shouting her name.
Mary didn't have to do that by herself.
Mary didn't have a lot to say, did she?
Mary didn't go where she said she'd go.
Mary didn't find everything she needed.
Mary didn't eat the apple you gave her.
Mary didn't do what you told her to do.
Mary didn't do what we asked her to do.
Mary didn't do what Tom told her to do.
Mary didn't do what I wanted her to do.
Mary didn't do that very well, did she?
Mary didn't do that very fast, did she?
Mary didn't buy what she needed to buy.
Mary did what she promised me she'd do.
Mary did that because she was asked to.
Mary did that as she was instructed to.
Mary did exactly what she wanted to do.
Mary did exactly what I told her to do.
Mary did exactly as she was told to do.
Mary did everything we asked her to do.
Mary did everything she was told to do.
Mary did everything she promised to do.
Mary did everything Tom told her to do.
Mary denies that she agreed to do that.
Mary denied that she'd stolen anything.
Mary denied that she agreed to do that.
Mary decided to try doing that herself.
Mary decided to let me do that for her.
Mary decided to go shopping by herself.
Mary decided that she wouldn't do that.
Mary couldn't take her eyes off of Tom.
Mary couldn't remember what she'd done.
Mary couldn't persuade Tom to help her.
Mary couldn't move the desk by herself.
Mary couldn't keep herself from crying.
Mary couldn't explain how she did that.
Mary couldn't do what she needed to do.
Mary could've done anything she wanted.
Mary could probably do that on her own.
Mary could probably do that by herself.
Mary could get injured if she did that.
Mary could do that again if she had to.
Mary could do much better if she tried.
Mary could do everything she had to do.
Mary convinced Tom to teach her French.
Mary cleaned the garage all by herself.
Mary claims she's done that many times.
Mary certainly works hard, doesn't she?
Mary can't possibly do that by herself.
Mary can't do all this work by herself.
Mary can probably take care of herself.
Mary can do that again if she wants to.
Mary can come with you if she wants to.
Mary called to say that she'll be late.
Mary bought herself an expensive watch.
Mary barricaded herself in her bedroom.
Mary ate a dozen donuts all by herself.
Mary assured us that she could do that.
Mary assured me that she could do that.
Mary asked me what she could do for me.
Mary asked me to go to Boston with her.
Mary asked Tom what she should do next.
Mary asked Tom to send her his picture.
Mary asked Tom to play tennis with her.
Mary asked Tom to give her a ride home.
Mary asked Tom to do something for her.
Mary asked Tom to babysit her children.
Mary always has her harmonica with her.
Mary almost wished she'd never met Tom.
Mary almost never does that by herself.
Mary admitted that she'd been mistaken.
Mary admitted that she'd been drinking.
Mary admitted that she'd been defeated.
Mary admitted that she'd been careless.
Mary admitted that she wasn't prepared.
Mary admitted that she stole the money.
Mary admits she was skeptical at first.
Mary accused Tom of stealing her money.
Mary accused Tom of having lied to her.
Mary accepted the job they offered her.
Let's ask Mary when she gets back home.
Let's ask Mary if she knows what to do.
Last night, Mary said she might retire.
Just tell Mary what you want her to do.
It seems like Mary is enjoying herself.
It looks like Mary is enjoying herself.
It looks like Mary got what she wanted.
If you do that to Mary, she'll get mad.
I'm sure Mary can take care of herself.
I'll let Mary know you want to see her.
I'll help Mary do what she needs to do.
I'd never forgive Mary if she did that.
I won't tell Mary what she needs to do.
I told Mary that she shouldn't do that.
I told Mary that she needed to do that.
I told Mary she should leave on Monday.
I told Mary I'd spend the day with her.
I told Mary I wouldn't do that for her.
I told Mary I wouldn't allow her to go.
I thought Mary knew what she had to do.
I think Mary should do that by herself.
I think Mary didn't do that by herself.
I think Mary did what she said she did.
I should've given Mary what she wanted.
I should tell Mary what she has to buy.
I keep telling Mary she talks too fast.
I just told Mary why I didn't like her.
I hope Mary knows what she needs to do.
I hope Mary knows she needs to do that.
I hope Mary did what we told her to do.
I had to carry Mary's suitcase for her.
I don't know why Mary did what she did.
I didn't tell Mary what she should buy.
I didn't tell Mary what she has to buy.
I didn't tell Mary what she had to buy.
I can't give Mary everything she wants.
I ate Mary's sandwich and she ate mine.
I asked Mary why she agreed to do that.
I asked Mary to explain what she meant.
I asked Mary if she liked Chinese food.
I asked Mary if she could speak French.
How did Mary take it when you told her?
Have you given Mary what she asked for?
Have you ever seen Mary when she's mad?
Have you asked Mary if she'll be there?
Has anyone asked Mary why she did that?
Has Mary ever told you how she met Tom?
Don't allow Mary to do that by herself.
Does Mary really think she can do that?
Does Mary know how Tom feels about her?
Does Mary know I don't want her to win?
Do you want Mary to do that by herself?
Did you tell Mary when she should come?
Did you really tell Mary you hated her?
Did Mary say why she's going to Boston?
Did Mary say why she agreed to do that?
Did Mary say who was going to help her?
Did Mary say what she did last weekend?
Did Mary know we wanted her to do that?
Did Mary find what she was looking for?
Are you sure Mary will let us help her?
Are you sure Mary can do it by herself?
All the girls in Mary's class like her.
You should let Mary do what she wants.
Who told Mary she could join the team?
Where did Mary tell you she was going?
When Mary did that, Tom yelled at her.
What did Mary want you to buy for her?
What did Mary say she was looking for?
What did Mary do after she ate dinner?
That's all Mary said she needed to do.
Tell Mary you're too busy to help her.
Tell Mary that I know where she lives.
Tell Mary she's going to have to wait.
Tell Mary she needs to get here early.
Tell Mary she can't go to Tom's party.
Tell Mary only what she needs to know.
Tell Mary I'll pick her up on the way.
Tell Mary I don't want to talk to her.
Shouldn't we ask Mary what she thinks?
Please tell Mary she ought to do that.
Please tell Mary she needs to do that.
Maybe if I find Mary, she can help me.
Mary's phone rang, but she ignored it.
Mary wouldn't tell me where she lived.
Mary wouldn't let Tom sit next to her.
Mary would like Tom to be on her team.
Mary would do that whenever she could.
Mary wondered why Tom didn't like her.
Mary wondered what she should do next.
Mary won't sing unless you ask her to.
Mary won't have to do that by herself.
Mary won't do what she says she'll do.
Mary wished she could dance the tango.
Mary will unlikely do that by herself.
Mary will probably do that by herself.
Mary will help you do that, won't she?
Mary will have to go there by herself.
Mary will do what she can to help you.
Mary will do what she can to help Tom.
Mary will do what Tom tells her to do.
Mary will do that when her turn comes.
Mary will do that if Tom wants her to.
Mary will be upset if she doesn't win.
Mary will be tired when she gets home.
Mary will be sorry she didn't do that.
Mary will be happy she didn't do that.
Mary went on doing what she was doing.
Mary watched TV until she fell asleep.
Mary wasn't told she couldn't do that.
Mary wasn't punished for what she did.
Mary wasn't impressed by what she saw.
Mary wasn't expecting Tom to help her.
Mary was very dirty when she got home.
Mary was told that she has to do that.
Mary was sure she could do that again.
Mary was shocked when I told her that.
Mary was lucky Tom helped her do that.
Mary was hoping we'd do that with her.
Mary was convinced that Tom liked her.
Mary was afraid someone would see her.
Mary wants to finish what she's doing.
Mary wanted to go canoeing by herself.
Mary wanted me to tell you she's busy.
Mary wanted me to do that, didn't she?
Mary wanted Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary very seldom does that by herself.
Mary very rarely does that by herself.
Mary used to lie to her parents a lot.
Mary tried to relax, but she couldn't.
Mary tried to explain her idea to Tom.
Mary took a moment to compose herself.
Mary told you to say that, didn't she?
Mary told us she wanted to go with us.
Mary told us she couldn't eat peanuts.
Mary told me you're going to help her.
Mary told me why she couldn't do that.
Mary told me to meet her at her house.
Mary told me that she'll be back soon.
Mary told me that she'd rather not go.
Mary told me that she'd been forgiven.
Mary told me that she'd been careless.
Mary told me that she'd already eaten.
Mary told me that she was very hungry.
Mary told me that she was unimpressed.
Mary told me that she was unconvinced.
Mary told me that she was heartbroken.
Mary told me that she was embarrassed.
Mary told me that she was discouraged.
Mary told me that she likes you a lot.
Mary told me that she likes Tom a lot.
Mary told me that she didn't like Tom.
Mary told me that Tom wasn't her type.
Mary told me that Tom was her student.
Mary told me she'd eat lunch with Tom.
Mary told me she'd be here about 2:30.
Mary told me she'd be glad to help me.
Mary told me she was ready to do that.
Mary told me she was going to the gym.
Mary told me she was going to do that.
Mary told me she was afraid of snakes.
Mary told me she wanted me to do that.
Mary told me she lived on Park Street.
Mary told me she knew where Tom lived.
Mary told me she hasn't done that yet.
Mary told me she didn't like swimming.
Mary told me she bought these for you.
Mary told me Tom baked a cake for her.
Mary told Tom why she needed his help.
Mary told Tom to stay out of her room.
Mary told Tom that she'd forgiven him.
Mary told Tom that she'd been careful.
Mary told Tom that she'd be back soon.
Mary told Tom that she was unemployed.
Mary told Tom that she was suspicious.
Mary told Tom that she was interested.
Mary told Tom that she was frustrated.
Mary told Tom that she was frightened.
Mary told Tom that she was displeased.
Mary told Tom that she had to do that.
Mary told Tom she was going to Boston.
Mary told Tom she was able to do that.
Mary told Tom she knew how to do that.
Mary told Tom she intended to do that.
Mary told Tom she had to talk to John.
Mary told Tom she didn't like her job.
Mary told Tom she could help us today.
Mary told Tom she could do that today.
Mary told Tom not to call her at work.
Mary tiptoed so no one would hear her.
Mary thought that Tom didn't like her.
Mary thought she'd be able to do that.
Mary thought she was smarter than Tom.
Mary thought she could do that for me.
Mary thinks that I'm in love with her.
Mary thinks she might have the answer.
Mary thinks she knows where Tom lives.
Mary thinks she knows what's going on.
Mary swore that she'd never done that.
Mary swore she wouldn't do that again.
Mary swears she won't do that anymore.
Mary sure does that well, doesn't she?
Mary stopped talking when she saw Tom.
Mary stopped herself from kissing Tom.
Mary still does that whenever she can.
Mary stayed longer than she'd planned.
Mary stayed longer than she should've.
Mary stayed longer than she needed to.
Mary splashed herself with cold water.
Mary sometimes feeds her cat dog food.
Mary slammed the door shut behind her.
Mary showed Tom the tattoo on her arm.
Mary shouldn't have done what she did.
Mary seems to know what she should do.
Mary seems to know what she has to do.
Mary seems somewhat unsure of herself.
Mary seems quite pleased with herself.
Mary seemed very pleased with herself.
Mary seemed surprised when I told her.
Mary says this is the best she can do.
Mary says the tap water made her sick.
Mary says the heat doesn't bother her.
Mary says that someday she'll do that.
Mary says that she's in love with Tom.
Mary says that she'll do that someday.
Mary says that she was born in Boston.
Mary says that she intends to do that.
Mary says that she can't eat any more.
Mary says she's sorry she didn't call.
Mary says she's not afraid to do that.
Mary says she's feeling kind of tired.
Mary says she's done that three times.
Mary says she's been to Boston before.
Mary says she's been asked to do that.
Mary says she's already learned a lot.
Mary says she's almost ready to leave.
Mary says she'll never go there again.
Mary says she'll do what she needs to.
Mary says she'd be willing to help us.
Mary says she won't come to our party.
Mary says she wants to live in Boston.
Mary says she wants to buy a drum set.
Mary says she thinks we could do that.
Mary says she plans to stay in Boston.
Mary says she owes Tom a lot of money.
Mary says she never wanted to do that.
Mary says she may not have to do that.
Mary says she likes the way Tom sings.
Mary says she likes living by herself.
Mary says she likes it here in Boston.
Mary says she knows Tom won't do that.
Mary says she knows Tom could do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't do that.
Mary says she isn't afraid to do that.
Mary says she intended to go shopping.
Mary says she hopes Tom won't do that.
Mary says she has to help Tom do that.
Mary says she has a lot of old stamps.
Mary says she doesn't wish to do that.
Mary says she doesn't want to do that.
Mary says she doesn't need to do that.
Mary says she doesn't like to do that.
Mary says she doesn't like doing that.
Mary says she doesn't know what to do.
Mary says she doesn't know the answer.
Mary says she doesn't know any French.
Mary says she doesn't hug Tom anymore.
Mary says she doesn't have to do that.
Mary says she doesn't feel well today.
Mary says she doesn't do that anymore.
Mary says she didn't agree to do that.
Mary says she can do that blindfolded.
Mary says mosquitoes don't bother her.
Mary says everyone she knows can swim.
Mary says all that doesn't bother her.
Mary says Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary says Tom keeps hanging up on her.
Mary said you'd want to talk with her.
Mary said the smell didn't bother her.
Mary said the noise didn't bother her.
Mary said that's what she wants to do.
Mary said that the smoke bothered her.
Mary said that the smell bothered her.
Mary said that the noise bothered her.
Mary said that somebody was after her.
Mary said that she'd water the garden.
Mary said that she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary said that she wasn't very sleepy.
Mary said that she wasn't discouraged.
Mary said that she was very surprised.
Mary said that she was very skeptical.
Mary said that she was very irritated.
Mary said that she was very intrigued.
Mary said that she was very impressed.
Mary said that she was very concerned.
Mary said that she was ready to leave.
Mary said that she was claustrophobic.
Mary said that she was a little tired.
Mary said that she saw Tom doing that.
Mary said that she really did do that.
Mary said that she intends to do that.
Mary said that she had a lot of money.
Mary said that she felt sorry for Tom.
Mary said that she didn't know French.
Mary said that she couldn't swim well.
Mary said she's trying to lose weight.
Mary said she's sure Tom will do that.
Mary said she's not sure Tom can swim.
Mary said she's not making much money.
Mary said she's not likely to do that.
Mary said she's never eaten Thai food.
Mary said she's glad you weren't hurt.
Mary said she's done that three times.
Mary said she's determined to do that.
Mary said she's been told not do that.
Mary said she's been to Boston before.
Mary said she's been asked to do that.
Mary said she'd very unlikely do that.
Mary said she'd still like to do that.
Mary said she'd see what she could do.
Mary said she'd rather not go with us.
Mary said she'd rather come next week.
Mary said she'd prefer not to do that.
Mary said she'd never want to do that.
Mary said she'd never let you do that.
Mary said she'd never let Tom do that.
Mary said she'd help you do that, too.
Mary said she'd help Tom do that, too.
Mary said she'd buy something for Tom.
Mary said she'd be willing to do that.
Mary said she'd be tempted to do that.
Mary said she'd also help you do that.
Mary said she'd also help Tom do that.
Mary said she wouldn't try to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't try doing that.
Mary said she won't come to our party.
Mary said she wished she'd eaten more.
Mary said she went swimming yesterday.
Mary said she wasn't ready to go home.
Mary said she wasn't ready to give up.
Mary said she wasn't ready to do that.
Mary said she wasn't planning to stay.
Mary said she wasn't going to help us.
Mary said she wasn't going to do that.
Mary said she wasn't afraid of snakes.
Mary said she wasn't afraid of anyone.
Mary said she was too weak to do that.
Mary said she was too lazy to do that.
Mary said she was too busy to do that.
Mary said she was tired of doing that.
Mary said she was terrified of snakes.
Mary said she was hoping we'd do that.
Mary said she was going to go see Tom.
Mary said she was finished doing that.
Mary said she wants to be your friend.
Mary said she wanted to quit the band.
Mary said she wanted to join our band.
Mary said she wanted to go to the zoo.
Mary said she wanted to do that again.
Mary said she wanted to buy some soap.
Mary said she wanted to be left alone.
Mary said she wanted something to eat.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't here.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't busy.
Mary said she thought Tom was worried.
Mary said she thought Tom was unhappy.
Mary said she thought Tom was outside.
Mary said she thought Tom was nervous.
Mary said she thought Tom was jealous.
Mary said she thought Tom was at home.
Mary said she thought Tom needed help.
Mary said she thought I might not win.
Mary said she thought I looked lonely.
Mary said she thought I looked hungry.
Mary said she spoke to Tom about that.
Mary said she prefers to stay at home.
Mary said she plans to stay in Boston.
Mary said she plans to do that Monday.
Mary said she owes Tom a lot of money.
Mary said she never wanted to do that.
Mary said she never agreed to do that.
Mary said she needs to get more sleep.
Mary said she needed to take a shower.
Mary said she needed to do that today.
Mary said she likes this time of year.
Mary said she likes swimming with Tom.
Mary said she knew what Tom should do.
Mary said she knew what Tom had to do.
Mary said she isn't sure Tom can swim.
Mary said she isn't making much money.
Mary said she isn't likely to do that.
Mary said she isn't going Tom's party.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't be late.
Mary said she hopes Tom will help her.
Mary said she hoped she could do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom could do that.
Mary said she heard someone screaming.
Mary said she had to help Tom do that.
Mary said she had no plans to do that.
Mary said she had better things to do.
Mary said she had a few things to say.
Mary said she got back home on Monday.
Mary said she found something strange.
Mary said she figured I could do that.
Mary said she felt tempted to do that.
Mary said she felt she had to do that.
Mary said she felt dizzy and nauseous.
Mary said she expects Tom to help her.
Mary said she expected Tom to do that.
Mary said she expected Tom to be here.
Mary said she doesn't work on Mondays.
Mary said she doesn't want to do that.
Mary said she doesn't mind doing that.
Mary said she doesn't like to do that.
Mary said she doesn't like doing that.
Mary said she doesn't know what to do.
Mary said she doesn't hug Tom anymore.
Mary said she doesn't do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't want to worry me.
Mary said she didn't want to watch TV.
Mary said she didn't want to kiss Tom.
Mary said she didn't want to help Tom.
Mary said she didn't want me to worry.
Mary said she didn't owe Tom anything.
Mary said she didn't mean to hurt you.
Mary said she didn't like Tom anymore.
Mary said she didn't know who Tom was.
Mary said she didn't know where to go.
Mary said she didn't help Tom do that.
Mary said she didn't feel like a hero.
Mary said she didn't enjoy doing that.
Mary said she didn't eat meat anymore.
Mary said she couldn't accept the job.
Mary said she can get us what we need.
Mary said it didn't bother her at all.
Mary said her new boat cost her a lot.
Mary said everyone she knows can swim.
Mary said Tom went to Boston with her.
Mary realized she'd said way too much.
Mary realized Tom was waiting for her.
Mary ran too fast for me to catch her.
Mary ran for reelection, but she lost.
Mary raised three children by herself.
Mary quite often does that by herself.
Mary put on the hat that Tom gave her.
Mary put down the box she was holding.
Mary promised to come, but she didn't.
Mary promised that she'd be back soon.
Mary promised she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary promised she'd take care of that.
Mary promised she'd help us on Monday.
Mary promised she'd do that this week.
Mary promised she won't do that today.
Mary promised she won't do that again.
Mary promised me that she'd come back.
Mary promised me she'd do that for us.
Mary promised me she wouldn't do that.
Mary promised Tom that she'd help him.
Mary promised Tom that she'd be there.
Mary probably went cycling by herself.
Mary poured herself cup of herbal tea.
Mary poured herself a shot of bourbon.
Mary poured herself a glass of whisky.
Mary plans to stay at home by herself.
Mary plans to go to Boston by herself.
Mary painted the house all by herself.
Mary only does what she's asked to do.
Mary only did what you told her to do.
Mary often does that in her free time.
Mary offered Tom half of her sandwich.
Mary never told us much about herself.
Mary never told me where she was from.
Mary never thought Tom would kiss her.
Mary never thought Tom would hurt her.
Mary never said that she wanted to go.
Mary never said she wanted to do that.
Mary never mentioned she had a sister.
Mary never explained why she was late.
Mary never did what she said she'd do.
Mary needs to tell Tom what she wants.
Mary needs to finish what she's doing.
Mary needs to finish what she started.
Mary might have eaten before she came.
Mary might get fired if she does that.
Mary might get fined if she does that.
Mary may not be as happy as she seems.
Mary may not be as happy as she looks.
Mary may have gone fishing by herself.
Mary may get injured if she does that.
Mary may do that wherever she chooses.
Mary may do that anywhere she chooses.
Mary may come with us if she wants to.
Mary lost the watch that Tom gave her.
Mary looks younger than she really is.
Mary looks very similar to her sister.
Mary looks older than she actually is.
Mary looks like she doesn't feel well.
Mary looks healthier than she used to.
Mary looked like she was going to cry.
Mary looked like she was disappointed.
Mary locked her bike to the bike rack.
Mary likes to watch TV while she eats.
Mary likes me more than she likes you.
Mary liked Tom as soon as she met him.
Mary lied about what she'd been doing.
Mary laughed as she read Tom's letter.
Mary laughed and Tom laughed with her.
Mary landed herself a really nice job.
Mary knows you didn't do that for her.
Mary knows there's no way she can win.
Mary knows she's got to do that today.
Mary knows she's going to be punished.
Mary knows she shouldn't do that here.
Mary knows she ought to do that today.
Mary knows she needs to do that today.
Mary knows precisely what she's doing.
Mary knows exactly what she should do.
Mary knows exactly what she has to do.
Mary knows Tom didn't do that for her.
Mary knew why Tom wanted her to leave.
Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Mary knew that what she did was wrong.
Mary knew that she couldn't trust Tom.
Mary knew that Tom was upset with her.
Mary knew that Tom had a crush on her.
Mary knew she'd made the right choice.
Mary knew she'd done something stupid.
Mary knew she was supposed to do that.
Mary knew she had to help Tom do that.
Mary knew she had just made a mistake.
Mary knew she didn't love Tom anymore.
Mary just does what she's asked to do.
Mary just did what she was told to do.
Mary isn't sure she can do that again.
Mary isn't being very helpful, is she?
Mary isn't as tough as she used to be.
Mary isn't as timid as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as she says she is.
Mary isn't as pushy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as picky as she used to be.
Mary isn't as old as you think she is.
Mary isn't as naive as she used to be.
Mary isn't as fussy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as funny as she used to be.
Mary isn't as crazy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as bossy as she used to be.
Mary isn't afraid of anything, is she?
Mary isn't able to do that on her own.
Mary isn't able to do that by herself.
Mary is younger than you think she is.
Mary is very unpredictable, isn't she?
Mary is very temperamental, isn't she?
Mary is very narrow-minded, isn't she?
Mary is usually very quiet, isn't she?
Mary is sure she has to do that again.
Mary is still working here, isn't she?
Mary is still living with her parents.
Mary is still in Australia, isn't she?
Mary is smarter than you think she is.
Mary is really younger than she looks.
Mary is really competitive, isn't she?
Mary is quite enthusiastic, isn't she?
Mary is quite conservative, isn't she?
Mary is positive that she isn't wrong.
Mary is planning to renovate her home.
Mary is only doing what she has to do.
Mary is lucky she has so many friends.
Mary is lucky she didn't get punished.
Mary is lucky she didn't get arrested.
Mary is just being prudent, isn't she?
Mary is in a hurry because she's late.
Mary is hoping we'll do that with her.
Mary is happiest when she is with Tom.
Mary is good at doing that, isn't she?
Mary is going to tell Tom she's tired.
Mary is going to tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary is going to go skiing by herself.
Mary is going to be glad she did that.
Mary is extremely outgoing, isn't she?
Mary is extremely creative, isn't she?
Mary is exactly where she needs to be.
Mary is doing that because she has to.
Mary is different than she used to be.
Mary is being very patient, isn't she?
Mary is being really vague, isn't she?
Mary is afraid to go there by herself.
Mary is afraid that she might be late.
Mary is a wonderful person, isn't she?
Mary is a very neat person, isn't she?
Mary is a skillful teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a little impulsive, isn't she?
Mary insisted that we do that for her.
Mary insisted that she didn't do that.
Mary hopes that she'll be able to win.
Mary hoped that Tom would forgive her.
Mary hasn't yet bought what she needs.
Mary hasn't said what she plans to do.
Mary hasn't bought what she needs yet.
Mary has told me she wants to do that.
Mary has told me she needs to do that.
Mary has things she still needs to do.
Mary has said she won't do that again.
Mary has promised that she'll do that.
Mary has lots of things she has to do.
Mary has done what we asked her to do.
Mary has done what she was told to do.
Mary has done what she promised to do.
Mary has done this before, hasn't she?
Mary has been told she should do that.
Mary has been told she has to do that.
Mary has been doing that all her life.
Mary has a lot of friends to help her.
Mary hardly ever does that by herself.
Mary had no chance to express herself.
Mary had a cold, so she stayed in bed.
Mary got almost everything she wanted.
Mary got almost everything she needed.
Mary gave Tom directions to her house.
Mary found several T-shirts she liked.
Mary forgot her umbrella in Tom's car.
Mary figured she'd be able to do that.
Mary felt she owed Tom an explanation.
Mary fanned herself with her notebook.
Mary explained why she didn't do that.
Mary drowned in her own swimming pool.
Mary drives a sports car, doesn't she?
Mary doesn't waste any time, does she?
Mary doesn't want you to go, does she?
Mary doesn't think she should do that.
Mary doesn't think she has to do that.
Mary doesn't think I did it, does she?
Mary doesn't sound so sure of herself.
Mary doesn't really do that, does she?
Mary doesn't realize what she's doing.
Mary doesn't realize how lucky she is.
Mary doesn't often do that by herself.
Mary doesn't need to go there herself.
Mary doesn't look too happy, does she?
Mary doesn't let her children do that.
Mary doesn't know where she should go.
Mary doesn't know where she should be.
Mary doesn't know what she has to buy.
Mary doesn't have much money with her.
Mary doesn't have anybody to help her.
Mary doesn't give up easily, does she?
Mary does most of the work by herself.
Mary does everything Tom tells her to.
Mary didn't want Tom to hold her hand.
Mary didn't want Tom to drive her car.
Mary didn't think she could trust Tom.
Mary didn't think Tom would leave her.
Mary didn't tell anyone else, did she?
Mary didn't tell Tom why she was late.
Mary didn't tell Tom why she did that.
Mary didn't tell Tom she wasn't happy.
Mary didn't take anything for herself.
Mary didn't take an umbrella with her.
Mary didn't seem very sure of herself.
Mary didn't seem to be happy, did she?
Mary didn't see anyone she recognized.
Mary didn't say she wanted to do that.
Mary didn't regret doing what she did.
Mary didn't really mean that, did she?
Mary didn't really do that by herself.
Mary didn't know who she should trust.
Mary didn't have to stay, but she did.
Mary didn't have to help, but she did.
Mary didn't get everything she wanted.
Mary didn't get everything she needed.
Mary didn't do what we told her to do.
Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Mary didn't do what I asked her to do.
Mary didn't buy everything she wanted.
Mary didn't buy everything she needed.
Mary didn't believe what Tom told her.
Mary did whatever we wanted her to do.
Mary did whatever she felt like doing.
Mary did what she had been told to do.
Mary did that the way you told her to.
Mary did that the way Tom told her to.
Mary did that for herself, not for us.
Mary did that for herself, not for me.
Mary did that because you told her to.
Mary did that because she was told to.
Mary did that because Tom told her to.
Mary did that as quickly as she could.
Mary did everything she could to help.
Mary did everything she could for Tom.
Mary did all she could to protect Tom.
Mary denies that she broke the window.
Mary decided she wouldn't go with Tom.
Mary cut herself while slicing onions.
Mary cut herself on some broken glass.
Mary couldn't make herself understood.
Mary couldn't get the book she wanted.
Mary couldn't find anyone to help her.
Mary couldn't come because she's sick.
Mary could stay here if she wanted to.
Mary contradicts herself all the time.
Mary cleaned the house all by herself.
Mary claims that she can speak French.
Mary certainly knows what she's doing.
Mary can't run as fast as she used to.
Mary can't lift that crate by herself.
Mary can't do anything right, can she?
Mary can use my computer if she wants.
Mary can stay as long as she wants to.
Mary can do that with her eyes closed.
Mary can do that wherever she chooses.
Mary can do that anywhere she chooses.
Mary can come with us if she wants to.
Mary called to say that she'd be late.
Mary bowed to me as she left the room.
Mary blamed herself for what happened.
Mary believed everything Tom told her.
Mary ate the cookies Tom made for her.
Mary ate something that made her sick.
Mary asked me when she should do that.
Mary asked me if I'd mind helping her.
Mary asked if she might go home early.
Mary asked Tom why she had to do that.
Mary asked Tom why he didn't like her.
Mary asked Tom to make her a sandwich.
Mary asked Tom to loan her some money.
Mary asked Tom to lend her some money.
Mary asked Tom to give her some money.
Mary asked Tom not to sit next to her.
Mary asked Tom not to leave her alone.
Mary asked Tom not to hug her anymore.
Mary always got everything she wanted.
Mary always gets everything she wants.
Mary already knows what she should do.
Mary already knows what she has to do.
Mary almost never kisses her children.
Mary admitted what she said was wrong.
Mary admitted that she'd been naughty.
Mary admitted that she'd been foolish.
Mary admitted that she was prejudiced.
Mary admitted that she was frightened.
Mary admitted that she didn't do that.
Mary admitted she had help doing that.
Make sure Mary doesn't leave her room.
If Mary were here, she could help you.
If Mary had more money, she'd do that.
I'll tell Mary you're looking for her.
I'll ask Mary the next time I see her.
I'll ask Mary if she wants to do that.
I wonder if Mary regrets what she did.
I won't do to Mary what she did to me.
I wish I hadn't told Mary I loved her.
I want Mary to say that she was wrong.
I told Mary that I'd help her do that.
I told Mary she wouldn't like it here.
I told Mary she could be my assistant.
I think Mary said she was from Boston.
I think Mary might do that by herself.
I think Mary means just what she said.
I think Mary expected Tom to kiss her.
I think Mary can take care of herself.
I think Mary can do that if she tries.
I think I'll ask Mary what she thinks.
I should tell Mary what she has to do.
I promised Mary that I'd wait for her.
I looked at Mary and she looked at me.
I know Mary wouldn't tell you herself.
I expect Mary to take care of herself.
I don't think Mary knows where she is.
I didn't tell Mary what she has to do.
I didn't give Mary what she asked for.
I asked Mary what she wanted to drink.
I asked Mary if she'd mind doing that.
I asked Mary if she needed more money.
How old was Mary when she passed away?
Don't let Mary go swimming by herself.
Don't bother Mary while she's reading.
Does Mary want me to teach her French?
Does Mary know why you don't like her?
Does Mary know we want her to do that?
Does Mary know how you feel about her?
Didn't you know Mary lived by herself?
Did you tell Mary she could stay here?
Did you ask Mary if she could do that?
Did anybody ask Mary why she did that?
Did Mary tell you where she was going?
Did Mary tell you where she bought it?
Did Mary tell you how she and Tom met?
Did Mary say who she'd be coming with?
Did Mary say where we should meet her?
Did Mary say when she'd come to visit?
Did Mary say she was going to do that?
Did Mary say she thought that was fun?
Did Mary say she had to do that today?
Did Mary know I wanted her to do that?
Call Mary and tell her you'll be late.
Ask Mary when she'll be here tomorrow.
Ask Mary if she'll attend the meeting.
Ask Mary if she needs help doing that.
Ask Mary if she knows where Tom lives.
You said to give Mary what she needs.
You ought to ask Mary what she'll do.
You gave Mary what she needed, right?
Will Mary drive to Boston by herself?
Who told Mary that she could do that?
Who did Mary say she was looking for?
Who did Mary say she saw kissing Tom?
Who did Mary ask to help her do that?
When does Mary expect us to help her?
What you said to Mary made her angry.
What would Mary say if she were here?
What was Mary doing when you saw her?
What time did Mary say she'd be here?
What did you tell Mary she had to do?
What did Mary tell you she had to do?
What did Mary tell you about herself?
We can't leave Mary there by herself.
Usually Mary gets whatever she wants.
There's no way Mary did that herself.
Tell Mary that I need to talk to her.
Tell Mary she has to wash the dishes.
Mary's shoes don't fit her very well.
Mary's house is near where she works.
Mary's car isn't where she parked it.
Mary wrote the report all by herself.
Mary writes very neatly, doesn't she?
Mary wouldn't tell me where she went.
Mary wouldn't let me buy her a drink.
Mary would've told us if she'd known.
Mary would've stayed if she could've.
Mary would never go there by herself.
Mary wondered why she'd been invited.
Mary won't tell me when she was born.
Mary won't likely do that by herself.
Mary wishes she was a better swimmer.
Mary wished she'd told Tom the truth.
Mary wished Tom had told her earlier.
Mary will wait as long as she has to.
Mary will only do that if she has to.
Mary will need to do that by herself.
Mary will have to do that on her own.
Mary will have to do that by herself.
Mary will get mad if she doesn't win.
Mary will get fired if she does that.
Mary will get dirty if she does that.
Mary will get all the help she needs.
Mary will do whatever you ask her to.
Mary will do that only if she has to.
Mary will do that if Tom asks her to.
Mary will do that as soon as she can.
Mary will be very sorry she did that.
Mary will be very happy she did that.
Mary will be glad she didn't do that.
Mary went out of her way to help Tom.
Mary watched TV while she ate dinner.
Mary wasn't willing to go by herself.
Mary wasn't expecting me to help her.
Mary was waiting for Tom to call her.
Mary was told that she was too short.
Mary was sure that everybody saw her.
Mary was sure she'd find another job.
Mary was orphaned when she was three.
Mary was hoping we'd do that for her.
Mary was glad Tom helped her do that.
Mary was exhausted when she got home.
Mary was driving her boyfriend's car.
Mary was at work when Tom called her.
Mary was at home when Tom called her.
Mary was able to buy what she needed.
Mary wants to say yes, but she can't.
Mary wants to go home, but she can't.
Mary wants me to give her some space.
Mary wants me to cook dinner for her.
Mary wanted to see Tom in her office.
Mary wanted to say more than she did.
Mary wanted to do everything herself.
Mary wanted me to walk home with her.
Mary wanted Tom to come to her party.
Mary waited a while before she began.
Mary usually keeps things to herself.
Mary usually cries when she's scared.
Mary turned herself in to the police.
Mary tried to kill herself yesterday.
Mary tried to kill herself last week.
Mary took these pictures, didn't she?
Mary took the coffee Tom offered her.
Mary told us that she knew the risks.
Mary told us that she had a headache.
Mary told the team she wants to quit.
Mary told me why she didn't like Tom.
Mary told me today that she loved me.
Mary told me that she'd here by 2:30.
Mary told me that she'd be back soon.
Mary told me that she was very tired.
Mary told me that she was unemployed.
Mary told me that she was suspicious.
Mary told me that she was interested.
Mary told me that she was frustrated.
Mary told me that she was frightened.
Mary told me that she likes swimming.
Mary told me she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary told me she'd already done that.
Mary told me she won't do that again.
Mary told me she wasn't sick anymore.
Mary told me she was teaching French.
Mary told me she was studying French.
Mary told me she was looking for Tom.
Mary told me she was home last night.
Mary told me she was going to Boston.
Mary told me she wants to go with us.
Mary told me she thought she saw Tom.
Mary told me she saw you two kissing.
Mary told me she saw you at the mall.
Mary told me she plans on doing that.
Mary told me she knew how to do that.
Mary told me she intended to do that.
Mary told me she had some work to do.
Mary told me she felt bad about that.
Mary told me she enjoyed the concert.
Mary told me she didn't want me here.
Mary told me she didn't teach French.
Mary told me she didn't study French.
Mary told me she didn't speak French.
Mary told me she didn't see anything.
Mary told me she didn't need my help.
Mary told me she didn't like fishing.
Mary told herself that she should go.
Mary told Tom why she had to do that.
Mary told Tom why she didn't do that.
Mary told Tom what she wanted to eat.
Mary told Tom what she wanted to buy.
Mary told Tom what she needed to buy.
Mary told Tom what John had told her.
Mary told Tom to do that, didn't she?
Mary told Tom that she'd kissed John.
Mary told Tom that she'd be punctual.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't joking.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't hungry.
Mary told Tom that she was terrified.
Mary told Tom that she was surprised.
Mary told Tom that she was skeptical.
Mary told Tom that she was irritated.
Mary told Tom that she was impressed.
Mary told Tom that she was exhausted.
Mary told Tom that she was desperate.
Mary told Tom that she was depressed.
Mary told Tom that she was concerned.
Mary told Tom that she was a teacher.
Mary told Tom that she wanted to eat.
Mary told Tom that she had a new job.
Mary told Tom she'd teach him French.
Mary told Tom she'd never lie to him.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't leave him.
Mary told Tom she was ready to leave.
Mary told Tom she had to talk to him.
Mary told Tom she had to leave early.
Mary told Tom she had a lot of money.
Mary told Tom she could eat anything.
Mary told Tom not to worry about her.
Mary told Tom not to hug her anymore.
Mary thought that Tom would kiss her.
Mary thought that Tom would help her.
Mary thought she'd be safe in Boston.
Mary thought she should study French.
Mary thought she heard a dog barking.
Mary thought she had to study French.
Mary thought she had to speak French.
Mary thought I was flirting with her.
Mary thinks that Tom might leave her.
Mary thinks she's stronger than I am.
Mary thinks she's getting ripped off.
Mary thinks she knows where Tom went.
Mary thinks she knows what Tom wants.
Mary thinks she has found the answer.
Mary thinks she can probably do that.
Mary texted Tom saying she'd be late.
Mary takes herself awfully seriously.
Mary swore she'd never do that again.
Mary sure likes oranges, doesn't she?
Mary still hasn't done that, has she?
Mary still doesn't do that, does she?
Mary stared at herself in the mirror.
Mary smiled at herself in the mirror.
Mary sings well, but she can't dance.
Mary shut the car door on her finger.
Mary showed Tom some of her drawings.
Mary showed Tom her stamp collection.
Mary should've asked Tom to help her.
Mary should have Tom do that for her.
Mary seldom goes canoeing by herself.
Mary seems very pleased with herself.
Mary says there's nothing she can do.
Mary says that the noise bothers her.
Mary says that she's willing to help.
Mary says that she's never done that.
Mary says that she's good at cooking.
Mary says that she'd like to do that.
Mary says that she agreed to do that.
Mary says she's tired of watching TV.
Mary says she's plays the drums well.
Mary says she's not ready to do that.
Mary says she's not going to do that.
Mary says she's not enjoying herself.
Mary says she's not coming back here.
Mary says she's never studied French.
Mary says she's never been to Boston.
Mary says she's feeling better today.
Mary says she's eager to participate.
Mary says she's done that many times.
Mary says she'll never do that again.
Mary says she'll go there by herself.
Mary says she'll do whatever she can.
Mary says she'll come to Boston soon.
Mary says she'd like to study French.
Mary says she won't go there anymore.
Mary says she won't do that tomorrow.
Mary says she won't buy that for you.
Mary says she won't be here tomorrow.
Mary says she won't agree to do that.
Mary says she was asked to come here.
Mary says she wants to talk with you.
Mary says she wants to quit the band.
Mary says she wants to go to Harvard.
Mary says she wants to go home early.
Mary says she wants to do that today.
Mary says she wants to buy a new car.
Mary says she wants something to eat.
Mary says she thinks she can do that.
Mary says she thinks it's impossible.
Mary says she still can't believe it.
Mary says she spoke French last week.
Mary says she needs to talk with you.
Mary says she needs my help tomorrow.
Mary says she needs another computer.
Mary says she needed to study French.
Mary says she knows why you did that.
Mary says she knows why Tom did that.
Mary says she knows what she's doing.
Mary says she knows Tom will do that.
Mary says she just wants to be happy.
Mary says she isn't sure she's ready.
Mary says she isn't ready to give up.
Mary says she isn't ready to do that.
Mary says she hopes that you do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom will do that.
Mary says she has no idea what to do.
Mary says she has a surprise for Tom.
Mary says she expects Tom to do that.
Mary says she enjoys teaching French.
Mary says she enjoys studying French.
Mary says she enjoys speaking French.
Mary says she doesn't have insurance.
Mary says she didn't want to do that.
Mary says she didn't need to do that.
Mary says she didn't know what to do.
Mary says she didn't have to do that.
Mary says she did that for the money.
Mary says she can't walk any further.
Mary says she can't stand doing that.
Mary says she can prove Tom did that.
Mary says she can predict the future.
Mary says she can do that by herself.
Mary sat on the bench all by herself.
Mary said there's nothing she can do.
Mary said the heat didn't bother her.
Mary said the earthquake woke her up.
Mary said the cold didn't bother her.
Mary said that's not what she wanted.
Mary said that the heat bothered her.
Mary said that she'd make it on time.
Mary said that she'd like to do that.
Mary said that she'd help me do that.
Mary said that she'd get there early.
Mary said that she'd been very lucky.
Mary said that she'd been humiliated.
Mary said that she'd been handcuffed.
Mary said that she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary said that she wasn't very happy.
Mary said that she was very ticklish.
Mary said that she was very confused.
Mary said that she was uncomfortable.
Mary said that she was really scared.
Mary said that she was feeling tired.
Mary said that she wanted to do that.
Mary said that she wanted some money.
Mary said that she waited until 2:30.
Mary said that she needed some money.
Mary said that she needed more money.
Mary said that she had lots of money.
Mary said that she grew up in Boston.
Mary said that she enjoyed the party.
Mary said that she bought an old car.
Mary said that she agreed to do that.
Mary said that Tom wouldn't help her.
Mary said she's taught French before.
Mary said she's sure Tom can do that.
Mary said she's reluctant to do that.
Mary said she's not going to do that.
Mary said she's never studied French.
Mary said she's never seen Tom dance.
Mary said she's never driven a truck.
Mary said she's never been to Boston.
Mary said she's motivated to do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom wasn't hurt.
Mary said she's desperate to do that.
Mary said she's been very happy here.
Mary said she's been told to do that.
Mary said she's been arrested before.
Mary said she's always been athletic.
Mary said she'll be doing that alone.
Mary said she'd try to do that today.
Mary said she'd try to do that again.
Mary said she'd try doing that today.
Mary said she'd try doing that again.
Mary said she'd stay there till 2:30.
Mary said she'd rather do that alone.
Mary said she'd never do that to Tom.
Mary said she'd never come back here.
Mary said she'd never been to Boston.
Mary said she'd like to visit Boston.
Mary said she'd help me do that, too.
Mary said she'd be home this evening.
Mary said she'd be afraid to do that.
Mary said she'd also help me do that.
Mary said she wouldn't do that today.
Mary said she wouldn't do that again.
Mary said she won't help Tom anymore.
Mary said she won't agree to do that.
Mary said she wasn't sure what to do.
Mary said she wasn't having much fun.
Mary said she wasn't going to Boston.
Mary said she wasn't able to do that.
Mary said she was willing to help us.
Mary said she was willing to do that.
Mary said she was too young to drive.
Mary said she was too young to drink.
Mary said she was too tired to dance.
Mary said she was too shy to do that.
Mary said she was too old to do that.
Mary said she was through doing that.
Mary said she was sick of doing that.
Mary said she was having a good time.
Mary said she was happy she did that.
Mary said she was going to Australia.
Mary said she was enjoying the party.
Mary said she was curious about that.
Mary said she was afraid to go there.
Mary said she wants to join our band.
Mary said she wanted to write a book.
Mary said she wanted to study French.
Mary said she wanted to kill herself.
Mary said she wanted to go to Boston.
Mary said she wanted to get divorced.
Mary said she wanted to be a teacher.
Mary said she wanted to be a dentist.
Mary said she wanted a picture of me.
Mary said she walked home by herself.
Mary said she tried very hard to win.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't mad.
Mary said she thought Tom was sleepy.
Mary said she thought Tom was scared.
Mary said she thought Tom was lonely.
Mary said she thought Tom was hungry.
Mary said she thought Tom was asleep.
Mary said she thought Tom was afraid.
Mary said she thought Tom hated John.
Mary said she thought I was handsome.
Mary said she thought I was creative.
Mary said she thought I looked happy.
Mary said she thought I looked bored.
Mary said she thinks she can do that.
Mary said she thinks Tom can do that.
Mary said she takes a walk every day.
Mary said she spoke to Tom yesterday.
Mary said she should've left earlier.
Mary said she regrets not doing that.
Mary said she probably won't do that.
Mary said she now regrets doing that.
Mary said she noticed the same thing.
Mary said she needed to study French.
Mary said she needed to stay at home.
Mary said she needed to get some air.
Mary said she needed to do that soon.
Mary said she needed one of us there.
Mary said she might possibly do that.
Mary said she might agree to do that.
Mary said she likes dancing with Tom.
Mary said she learned a lot from Tom.
Mary said she knew you could do that.
Mary said she knew what was going on.
Mary said she knew she could do that.
Mary said she knew it was time to go.
Mary said she isn't going to help us.
Mary said she isn't going to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom will do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom wouldn't cry.
Mary said she heard somebody yelling.
Mary said she heard somebody snoring.
Mary said she heard somebody singing.
Mary said she had trouble doing that.
Mary said she had to go to a meeting.
Mary said she had three dogs at home.
Mary said she had nothing else to do.
Mary said she had a surprise for you.
Mary said she had a knife in her car.
Mary said she had a friend in Boston.
Mary said she expects Tom to do that.
Mary said she enjoys teaching French.
Mary said she enjoys studying French.
Mary said she didn't want to help us.
Mary said she didn't want to eat now.
Mary said she didn't want to do that.
Mary said she didn't want me to wait.
Mary said she didn't want me to sing.
Mary said she didn't want a sandwich.
Mary said she didn't think she'd win.
Mary said she didn't need to do that.
Mary said she didn't mind doing that.
Mary said she didn't like to do that.
Mary said she didn't like doing that.
Mary said she didn't know what to do.
Mary said she didn't know the answer.
Mary said she didn't have to do that.
Mary said she didn't feel like going.
Mary said she didn't do that anymore.
Mary said she didn't care what I did.
Mary said she couldn't help us today.
Mary said she couldn't hear anything.
Mary said she couldn't do that today.
Mary said she couldn't do that again.
Mary said she could probably do that.
Mary said she believed what Tom said.
Mary said she believed she could win.
Mary said she appreciated Tom's help.
Mary said nobody else could help her.
Mary said no one else could help her.
Mary said more than she'd planned to.
Mary said more than she had intended.
Mary said it wasn't her who did that.
Mary said her parents have done that.
Mary said her new car cost her a lot.
Mary said all that didn't bother her.
Mary said Tom wouldn't let her drive.
Mary reluctantly did that by herself.
Mary reluctantly did as she was told.
Mary refused to tell us what she did.
Mary realized the mistake she'd made.
Mary realized she was being followed.
Mary realized she had made a mistake.
Mary realized Tom was staring at her.
Mary quickly made herself a sandwich.
Mary pulled the door shut behind her.
Mary promised she'd help Tom do that.
Mary promised she'd go straight home.
Mary promised she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary promised she won't do that here.
Mary promised me she'd do that today.
Mary promised me she'd clean my room.
Mary promised Tom that she'd do that.
Mary promised Tom she'd walk the dog.
Mary probably walked home by herself.
Mary probably knows I don't like her.
Mary pretended she didn't notice Tom.
Mary poured herself a glass of water.
Mary played a waltz on her accordion.
Mary phoned to say she couldn't come.
Mary paid back the money she owed me.
Mary overheard Tom talking about her.
Mary only had three dollars with her.
Mary only does what I tell her to do.
Mary only does that when she's drunk.
Mary often eats breakfast by herself.
Mary never said what you say she did.
Mary never mentioned she was married.
Mary must've gone fishing by herself.
Mary might get hurt if she does that.
Mary met Tom while she was in Boston.
Mary may use my bicycle if she wants.
Mary may talk to Tom if she wants to.
Mary may take all the time she needs.
Mary may not be as rich as she seems.
Mary may not be as busy as she seems.
Mary made up her mind not to do that.
Mary made a complete fool of herself.
Mary loved apples when she was a kid.
Mary looks very pleased with herself.
Mary looks like she's about to faint.
Mary looked like she'd been drinking.
Mary looked like she was unimpressed.
Mary looked like she was unconvinced.
Mary looked like she was embarrassed.
Mary looked like she was discouraged.
Mary locked herself out of her house.
Mary likes to keep things to herself.
Mary likes the way Tom smiles at her.
Mary likes keeping things to herself.
Mary lied about how much she weighed.
Mary let herself in with her own key.
Mary left home when she was eighteen.
Mary left Boston when she was thirty.
Mary knows what she's supposed to do.
Mary knows we didn't do this for her.
Mary knows that she ought to do that.
Mary knows that she needs to do that.
Mary knows that she can count on Tom.
Mary knows that Tom doesn't like her.
Mary knows she's supposed to do that.
Mary knows she's running out of time.
Mary knows she's got to keep working.
Mary knows she ought to do that soon.
Mary knows she needs to study French.
Mary knows she needs to do that soon.
Mary knows she made the right choice.
Mary knows Tom will help her do that.
Mary knew she'd done something wrong.
Mary knew she was in serious trouble.
Mary knew she was being photographed.
Mary knew she didn't need to do that.
Mary knew she didn't have to do that.
Mary knew exactly what she was doing.
Mary knew exactly what she had to do.
Mary knew Tom would help her do that.
Mary killed herself three nights ago.
Mary killed herself three months ago.
Mary kept every letter Tom wrote her.
Mary just told us that she got fired.
Mary just does what she's told to do.
Mary isn't very enthusiastic, is she?
Mary isn't sure she wants to do that.
Mary isn't sure she ought to do that.
Mary isn't sure she needs to do that.
Mary isn't as slow as she used to be.
Mary isn't as rich as she used to be.
Mary isn't as old as she says she is.
Mary isn't as nice as she used to be.
Mary isn't as lazy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as happy as she should be.
Mary isn't as fast as she used to be.
Mary isn't as cute as she used to be.
Mary isn't as busy as she used to be.
Mary is younger than she says she is.
Mary is worried that she'll get lost.
Mary is wearing the hat you gave her.
Mary is wearing the hat Tom gave her.
Mary is very sure she should do that.
Mary is very sure she has to do that.
Mary is very sorry for what she said.
Mary is very conservative, isn't she?
Mary is unable to do that on her own.
Mary is too young to live by herself.
Mary is the tallest kid in her class.
Mary is telling the truth, isn't she?
Mary is sure she'll find another job.
Mary is still your friend, isn't she?
Mary is still living with her family.
Mary is richer than you think she is.
Mary is really successful, isn't she?
Mary is really persuasive, isn't she?
Mary is really overweight, isn't she?
Mary is really aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is rather successful, isn't she?
Mary is quite sympathetic, isn't she?
Mary is quite resourceful, isn't she?
Mary is quite competitive, isn't she?
Mary is pretty dependable, isn't she?
Mary is pretty aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is prepared for this, isn't she?
Mary is only pretending she's asleep.
Mary is older than I thought she was.
Mary is not as shy as she used to be.
Mary is lucky she didn't get injured.
Mary is lucky nobody saw her do that.
Mary is just being polite, isn't she?
Mary is hoping we'll do that for her.
Mary is happiest when she's swimming.
Mary is going to tell Tom she's busy.
Mary is going to do whatever she can.
Mary is going to be there, isn't she?
Mary is convinced that Tom likes her.
Mary is being quite vague, isn't she?
Mary is always contradicting herself.
Mary is already in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is allowed to do what she wants.
Mary is able to take care of herself.
Mary is a lot smarter than she looks.
Mary hurried so she wouldn't be late.
Mary hopes Tom will teach her French.
Mary hired Tom to be her interpreter.
Mary hid herself behind a large rock.
Mary helps whoever asks her for help.
Mary hasn't told me why she did that.
Mary hasn't done that again, has she?
Mary has tried to kill herself again.
Mary has told Tom what she can't eat.
Mary has the right to defend herself.
Mary has said she intends to do that.
Mary has quite a temper, doesn't she?
Mary has nobody to blame but herself.
Mary has no one to blame but herself.
Mary has never told Tom she was sorry
Mary has lots of friends to help her.
Mary has finished eating, hasn't she?
Mary has done what we told her to do.
Mary has done that again, hasn't she?
Mary has decided that she'll do that.
Mary has been told she can't do that.
Mary has been a gambler all her life.
Mary has asked us to do that for her.
Mary has also said she won't do that.
Mary has also said she can't do that.
Mary hardly ever talks about herself.
Mary had to admit that she was wrong.
Mary had the right to defend herself.
Mary had only three dollars with her.
Mary had nothing to say, so she left.
Mary had no right to do what she did.
Mary had no one but herself to blame.
Mary had no chance to defend herself.
Mary got the punishment she deserved.
Mary got paid more than she expected.
Mary got married when she was thirty.
Mary frequently does that by herself.
Mary flirts with every man she meets.
Mary felt uncomfortable, so she left.
Mary failed because she didn't study.
Mary expected Tom to be at her party.
Mary eats only what she wants to eat.
Mary eats lunch by herself every day.
Mary drives a black car, doesn't she?
Mary doesn't yet know what she'll do.
Mary doesn't want to live by herself.
Mary doesn't want to do that herself.
Mary doesn't think she could do that.
Mary doesn't think before she speaks.
Mary doesn't still do that, does she?
Mary doesn't realize what she's lost.
Mary doesn't realize what she's done.
Mary doesn't miss anything, does she?
Mary doesn't like to work by herself.
Mary doesn't know why Tom called her.
Mary doesn't know where she was born.
Mary doesn't know what she's missing.
Mary doesn't know what she'll do yet.
Mary doesn't know what she should do.
Mary doesn't know what she has to do.
Mary doesn't know that Tom hates her.
Mary doesn't intend to go by herself.
Mary doesn't have what she wants yet.
Mary doesn't have anyone to help her.
Mary doesn't feel she has to do that.
Mary doesn't consider herself a hero.
Mary doesn't believe she can do that.
Mary does whatever we tell her to do.
Mary does whatever she's asked to do.
Mary does anything we tell her to do.
Mary didn't think she should do that.
Mary didn't think she had to do that.
Mary didn't think Tom would kiss her.
Mary didn't think Tom would hurt her.
Mary didn't tell the man who she was.
Mary didn't tell me why she was late.
Mary didn't tell me why she did that.
Mary didn't tell me where she'd been.
Mary didn't tell Tom where she lived.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was unhappy.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was married.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was leaving.
Mary didn't seem very tired, did she?
Mary didn't seem very happy, did she?
Mary didn't seem very angry, did she?
Mary didn't say what you say she did.
Mary didn't realize she had to leave.
Mary didn't need to go there herself.
Mary didn't need to do that, did she?
Mary didn't mention why she was late.
Mary didn't mention where she'd gone.
Mary didn't mention where she'd been.
Mary didn't mean to do that, did she?
Mary didn't know who she could trust.
Mary didn't know where she was going.
Mary didn't know where she should go.
Mary didn't know she had to help Tom.
Mary didn't know Tom had lied to her.
Mary didn't have much money with her.
Mary didn't have anybody to help her.
Mary didn't go snorkeling by herself.
Mary didn't do what she wanted to do.
Mary didn't do what she says she did.
Mary didn't do what she said she did.
Mary didn't do what she needed to do.
Mary didn't do what I told her to do.
Mary didn't actually do that herself.
Mary did whatever we asked her to do.
Mary did what she was supposed to do.
Mary did what she felt she had to do.
Mary did what she believed was right.
Mary did what Tom said she should do.
Mary did what Tom expected her to do.
Mary did the right thing, didn't she?
Mary did the only thing she could do.
Mary did that until the day she died.
Mary did that on purpose, didn't she?
Mary did everything she wanted to do.
Mary deserved the punishment she got.
Mary demanded that I do that for her.
Mary crashed her car into a lamppost.
Mary couldn't get the job she wanted.
Mary could've won if she'd wanted to.
Mary could try doing that by herself.
Mary could help Tom if she wanted to.
Mary could get here if she wanted to.
Mary could get fired if she did that.
Mary could buy everything she needed.
Mary compared her answers with Tom's.
Mary claims she hasn't yet been paid.
Mary claims she hasn't been paid yet.
Mary claimed that she didn't do that.
Mary canceled her plans to visit Tom.
Mary can't see Tom from where she is.
Mary can't have done that by herself.
Mary can use my bicycle if she wants.
Mary can tell Tom whatever she likes.
Mary can leave early if she wants to.
Mary can do that with her bare hands.
Mary came here to ask us to help her.
Mary called to tell me she'd be late.
Mary called Tom to say she'd be late.
Mary broke off her engagement to Tom.
Mary bought herself a new toothbrush.
Mary bought herself a new sports car.
Mary bought a gift for her boyfriend.
Mary blamed Tom for all her problems.
Mary believes whatever Tom tells her.
Mary believed that she could do that.
Mary asked what she could do to help.
Mary asked me to wake her up at 2:30.
Mary asked me to take her to the zoo.
Mary asked me to say goodbye for her.
Mary asked me to read her some poems.
Mary asked me to lend her some money.
Mary asked if she could use my phone.
Mary asked Tom to wake her up at six.
Mary asked Tom to tell her the truth.
Mary asked Tom to stay away from her.
Mary asked Tom to pass her the gravy.
Mary asked Tom to help her find John.
Mary asked Tom not to go without her.
Mary asked Tom if she could kiss her.
Mary always did her best to help Tom.
Mary almost looks happy, doesn't she?
Mary admitted that she'd lied to Tom.
Mary admitted that she'd been unfair.
Mary admitted that she was terrified.
Mary admitted that she was impressed.
Mary admitted that she was exhausted.
Mary admitted she wasn't really sick.
Mary acted as if she didn't know Tom.
Let's stop by Mary's and talk to her.
Let's go over to Mary's and help her.
Let Mary do whatever she wants to do.
If Mary were older, she'd understand.
If Mary had more time, she'd do that.
I'm sure Mary knows what she's doing.
I'm not leaving Mary here by herself.
I'll talk to Mary when she gets home.
I won't tell Mary what she should do.
I wish Mary had asked us to help her.
I warned Mary, but she didn't listen.
I told Mary that she should call Tom.
I told Mary that I wouldn't help her.
I told Mary she shouldn't drink that.
I told Mary she should buy a new car.
I think Mary wants me to go with her.
I think Mary thinks I'm lying to her.
I think Mary said that she'd do that.
I think Mary expected Tom to hug her.
I now know why Mary did what she did.
I need Mary to know that we love her.
I love Mary, but she doesn't love me.
I like Mary, but she doesn't like me.
I know Mary says she doesn't like me.
I know Mary can take care of herself.
I hope Mary knows what she should do.
I hope Mary knows what she has to do.
I hope Mary knows she has to do that.
I hope Mary can take care of herself.
I gave Mary everything she asked for.
I don't want Mary to swim by herself.
I didn't let Mary do what she wanted.
I didn't buy Mary what she asked for.
I couldn't give Mary what she needed.
I can see Mary, but she can't see me.
I asked Mary why she never remarried.
I asked Mary why she didn't like Tom.
I asked Mary where she wanted to eat.
I asked Mary what she thought of Tom.
I asked Mary if she needed more time.
Have you told Mary that you love her?
Have you asked Mary why she did that?
Has Mary told Tom that she's married?
Grab Mary and don't let her get away.
Does Mary really think Tom likes her?
Does Mary know I want her to do that?
Did you ask Mary why she was leaving?
Did anyone ask Mary why she did that?
Did Mary tell you where she got this?
Did Mary tell you that she'd be late?
Did Mary say she'd eat lunch with us?
Did Mary say she did that by herself?
Did Mary ever tell you she loved you?
Did Mary do what you asked her to do?
Did Mary actually do that by herself?
Call Mary and tell her we'll be late.
Ask Mary who she learned French from.
Ask Mary whether she's coming or not.
Ask Mary when she plans to come back.
Ask Mary what she wants to listen to.
Ask Mary what she needs the rope for.
Ask Mary if she'll be at the meeting.
Ask Mary if she knows how to do that.
Ask Mary if she can help us tomorrow.
Ask Mary about it when she gets here.
You need to ask Mary what she'll do.
You can't let Mary drink by herself.
Why does Mary always eat by herself?
Who's Mary and how does she know me?
Where did Mary say she wanted to go?
What did Mary say she wanted to eat?
Was Mary able to do that by herself?
Tell Mary you'd like to go with her.
Tell Mary that Tom wants to see her.
Tell Mary she has to get out of bed.
Tell Mary not to do that by herself.
Tell Mary I need to talk to her now.
Please tell Mary she should do that.
Please tell Mary she has to do that.
None of Mary's classmates liked her.
Nobody told Mary what she should do.
Maybe Mary didn't like what she saw.
Maybe Mary can take care of herself.
Mary's mother told her to come home.
Mary's friends knew she was unhappy.
Mary's children must be missing her.
Mary wrapped a towel around herself.
Mary wouldn't let Tom drive her car.
Mary wouldn't hit anyone, would she?
Mary would never do that by herself.
Mary would be fired if she did that.
Mary would be fined if she did that.
Mary wondered if she'd been lied to.
Mary wondered if Tom would kiss her.
Mary won't really do that, will she?
Mary won't let Tom kiss her anymore.
Mary won't go even if she's invited.
Mary won't eat by herself, will she?
Mary won't admit that she was wrong.
Mary wishes she had a larger office.
Mary wished she'd been more careful.
Mary wished she had something to do.
Mary will like what you did for her.
Mary will do that when she has time.
Mary will do that when she comes in.
Mary will do that if you pay her to.
Mary will be very glad she did that.
Mary will be really busy, won't she?
Mary wasn't very assertive, was she?
Mary wasn't told she should do that.
Mary wasn't sure what she should do.
Mary wasn't sure she should do that.
Mary wasn't sure she liked the plan.
Mary wasn't sure she had to do that.
Mary wasn't sure how she could help.
Mary wasn't really enjoying herself.
Mary wasn't happy with what she saw.
Mary was unwilling to go by herself.
Mary was told to do that by herself.
Mary was told she shouldn't do that.
Mary was reluctant to go by herself.
Mary was lucky Tom did that for her.
Mary was late because she overslept.
Mary was certainly enjoying herself.
Mary was at home by herself all day.
Mary was afraid to do it by herself.
Mary was absolutely sure of herself.
Mary was able to do that on her own.
Mary wants to see Tom in her office.
Mary wants to do everything herself.
Mary wanted me to hold that for her.
Mary wanted Tom to teach her French.
Mary wanted Tom to take her picture.
Mary wanted Tom to read her a story.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her parents.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her friends.
Mary wanted Tom to meet her at 2:30.
Mary usually goes rowing by herself.
Mary usually gets what she asks for.
Mary tried to tell Tom how she felt.
Mary told us she'd agree to do that.
Mary told us she could speak French.
Mary told me why she needed my help.
Mary told me why she didn't do that.
Mary told me to tell you she's fine.
Mary told me that she's very hungry.
Mary told me that she's unconvinced.
Mary told me that she's sympathetic.
Mary told me that she's discouraged.
Mary told me that she'd be discreet.
Mary told me that she was very busy.
Mary told me that she was unmarried.
Mary told me that she was terrified.
Mary told me that she was surprised.
Mary told me that she was skeptical.
Mary told me that she was satisfied.
Mary told me that she was miserable.
Mary told me that she was irritated.
Mary told me that she was impressed.
Mary told me that she was forgetful.
Mary told me that she was exhausted.
Mary told me that she was desperate.
Mary told me that she was depressed.
Mary told me that she losing weight.
Mary told me that she likes to swim.
Mary told me that she had been sick.
Mary told me that she had a problem.
Mary told me that she can't do that.
Mary told me she's ready to do that.
Mary told me she's leaving tomorrow.
Mary told me she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary told me she'd be ready by 2:30.
Mary told me she'd agree to do that.
Mary told me she wouldn't stay long.
Mary told me she wasn't very hungry.
Mary told me she wasn't ready to go.
Mary told me she wasn't embarrassed.
Mary told me she wasn't discouraged.
Mary told me she wasn't coming back.
Mary told me she was glad to see me.
Mary told me she wanted to meet Tom.
Mary told me she wanted to kiss Tom.
Mary told me she used to be married.
Mary told me she preferred red wine.
Mary told me she likes Chinese food.
Mary told me she found a job for me.
Mary told me she enjoyed the picnic.
Mary told me she didn't like boxing.
Mary told me she couldn't stay long.
Mary told Tom what she'd seen on TV.
Mary told Tom what she wants to eat.
Mary told Tom what she wants to buy.
Mary told Tom what she wanted to do.
Mary told Tom what she needs to buy.
Mary told Tom what she needed to do.
Mary told Tom that she'd be on time.
Mary told Tom that she wouldn't cry.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't tired.
Mary told Tom that she wasn't happy.
Mary told Tom that she was unafraid.
Mary told Tom that she was ticklish.
Mary told Tom that she was prepared.
Mary told Tom that she was innocent.
Mary told Tom that she was confused.
Mary told Tom that she was Canadian.
Mary told Tom she'd never leave him.
Mary told Tom she'd always love him.
Mary told Tom she wanted to do that.
Mary told Tom she understood French.
Mary told Tom she needed to do that.
Mary told Tom she needed some money.
Mary told Tom about what she'd done.
Mary thought that she might do that.
Mary thought she'd find another job.
Mary thought she was in big trouble.
Mary thought she should be with Tom.
Mary thought she needed to help Tom.
Mary thought she could count on Tom.
Mary thought she could cheer Tom up.
Mary thought Tom would remember her.
Mary thinks she'll get straight A's.
Mary thinks she should study French.
Mary talks quite a lot, doesn't she?
Mary swore that she'd never do that.
Mary swears she won't do that again.
Mary stood in the corner by herself.
Mary soon realized she wasn't alone.
Mary smiles every time she sees Tom.
Mary showed Tom the scar on her leg.
Mary should've stayed where she was.
Mary should've done that by herself.
Mary should tell Tom she'll do that.
Mary should do that if she wants to.
Mary seems to know what she's doing.
Mary seems quite happy, doesn't she?
Mary seems awfully sad, doesn't she?
Mary seemed to know what she wanted.
Mary seemed to be happy, didn't she?
Mary seemed quite happy, didn't she?
Mary says that she's a good student.
Mary says that she'll do that today.
Mary says that she'll come tomorrow.
Mary says that she wants to do that.
Mary says that she plans to do that.
Mary says that she doesn't blame us.
Mary says that doesn't surprise her.
Mary says she's too busy to do that.
Mary says she's tired of doing that.
Mary says she's teaching Tom French.
Mary says she's prepared to do that.
Mary says she's never taught French.
Mary says she's left before Tom did.
Mary says she's feeling very sleepy.
Mary says she'll study French today.
Mary says she'll pay for everything.
Mary says she'll get home on Monday.
Mary says she'll do what she has to.
Mary says she'll do that by herself.
Mary says she'll call Tom next week.
Mary says she'll ask Tom to do that.
Mary says she'd never do that again.
Mary says she won't wait any longer.
Mary says she won't need to do that.
Mary says she won't help us do that.
Mary says she won't have to do that.
Mary says she won't do that for you.
Mary says she won't do that anymore.
Mary says she wants to study French.
Mary says she wants to speak to you.
Mary says she wants to speak French.
Mary says she wants to learn French.
Mary says she wants to go to Boston.
Mary says she wants to do that, too.
Mary says she wants to be a teacher.
Mary says she understood everything.
Mary says she trusts Tom completely.
Mary says she tried to do that once.
Mary says she taught herself French.
Mary says she still does that a lot.
Mary says she saw something strange.
Mary says she saw Tom leaving early.
Mary says she plans to study French.
Mary says she needs to study French.
Mary says she likes teaching French.
Mary says she likes studying French.
Mary says she likes speaking French.
Mary says she knows Tom can do that.
Mary says she just couldn't do that.
Mary says she isn't able to do that.
Mary says she hopes Tom doesn't win.
Mary says she hopes Tom can do that.
Mary says she has no concrete plans.
Mary says she has a lot to do today.
Mary says she felt sick an hour ago.
Mary says she feels much better now.
Mary says she feels like doing that.
Mary says she feels a little better.
Mary says she doesn't remember much.
Mary says she doesn't need our help.
Mary says she didn't have insurance.
Mary says she comes here every year.
Mary says she can't wait any longer.
Mary said the explosion woke her up.
Mary said that's not what she wants.
Mary said that she's been very busy.
Mary said that she'd call you later.
Mary said that she'd been fortunate.
Mary said that she'd be there early.
Mary said that she'd be cooperative.
Mary said that she wouldn't do that.
Mary said that she wasn't very cold.
Mary said that she wasn't surprised.
Mary said that she wasn't skeptical.
Mary said that she wasn't satisfied.
Mary said that she wasn't impressed.
Mary said that she wasn't concerned.
Mary said that she was very worried.
Mary said that she was very unhappy.
Mary said that she was very thirsty.
Mary said that she was very serious.
Mary said that she was very nervous.
Mary said that she was very excited.
Mary said that she was very curious.
Mary said that she was discontented.
Mary said that she was disappointed.
Mary said that she was conservative.
Mary said that she was ambidextrous.
Mary said that she wants to do that.
Mary said that she really liked Tom.
Mary said that she needed the money.
Mary said that she needed more time.
Mary said that she hasn't done that.
Mary said that she enjoyed the food.
Mary said that she didn't feel safe.
Mary said that she couldn't do that.
Mary said that she couldn't breathe.
Mary said that Tom had insulted her.
Mary said some men had attacked her.
Mary said she's very busy this week.
Mary said she's very busy right now.
Mary said she's studying French now.
Mary said she's seen people do that.
Mary said she's seen Tom doing that.
Mary said she's only done that once.
Mary said she's never taught French.
Mary said she's never seen Tom swim.
Mary said she's hesitant to do that.
Mary said she's glad Tom didn't win.
Mary said she's finished doing that.
Mary said she'll be doing that soon.
Mary said she'll ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she'd play tennis with us.
Mary said she'd never let you drive.
Mary said she'd never let Tom drive.
Mary said she'd never do that again.
Mary said she'd like to talk to you.
Mary said she'd like to do that now.
Mary said she'd expected Tom to win.
Mary said she'd do that and she did.
Mary said she'd do anything for you.
Mary said she'd do anything for Tom.
Mary said she'd consider doing that.
Mary said she'd buy what was needed.
Mary said she'd be happy to do that.
Mary said she'd be back next Monday.
Mary said she'd be back before 2:30.
Mary said she wouldn't speak French.
Mary said she wouldn't say anything.
Mary said she wouldn't be gone long.
Mary said she won't walk home today.
Mary said she won't wait any longer.
Mary said she won't do that anymore.
Mary said she wasn't having any fun.
Mary said she wasn't good at French.
Mary said she wasn't going anywhere.
Mary said she wasn't afraid anymore.
Mary said she was worried about Tom.
Mary said she was very unlikely win.
Mary said she was very unlikely cry.
Mary said she was unable to do that.
Mary said she was too young to vote.
Mary said she was going to kiss Tom.
Mary said she was going to help Tom.
Mary said she was glad she did that.
Mary said she was glad Tom did that.
Mary said she was forced to do that.
Mary said she wants to write a book.
Mary said she wants to study French.
Mary said she wants to be a teacher.
Mary said she wanted to talk to Tom.
Mary said she wanted to leave early.
Mary said she wanted to go swimming.
Mary said she wanted to go shopping.
Mary said she wanted Tom to do that.
Mary said she walked home yesterday.
Mary said she tried to do that once.
Mary said she tried to cheer Tom up.
Mary said she thought you'd do that.
Mary said she thought she could win.
Mary said she thought Tom would win.
Mary said she thought Tom would cry.
Mary said she thought Tom was upset.
Mary said she thought Tom was tired.
Mary said she thought Tom was right.
Mary said she thought Tom was ready.
Mary said she thought Tom was lying.
Mary said she thought Tom was happy.
Mary said she thought Tom was drunk.
Mary said she thought Tom was broke.
Mary said she thought Tom was bored.
Mary said she thought Tom was awake.
Mary said she thought Tom was angry.
Mary said she thought Tom was alone.
Mary said she thought Tom could win.
Mary said she slept well last night.
Mary said she saw Tom kissing Alice.
Mary said she remembers being there.
Mary said she remembered doing that.
Mary said she probably wouldn't win.
Mary said she probably wouldn't cry.
Mary said she plans to study French.
Mary said she plans to go on Monday.
Mary said she plans on going Monday.
Mary said she never saw Tom do that.
Mary said she needs to study French.
Mary said she needs to get some air.
Mary said she needed to talk to Tom.
Mary said she needed to take a bath.
Mary said she needed some more time.
Mary said she likes teaching French.
Mary said she likes studying French.
Mary said she likes speaking French.
Mary said she liked teaching French.
Mary said she liked studying French.
Mary said she liked speaking French.
Mary said she learned something new.
Mary said she knew why Tom did that.
Mary said she knew Tom wouldn't win.
Mary said she knew Tom wouldn't cry.
Mary said she knew Tom wasn't happy.
Mary said she just needed more time.
Mary said she isn't able to do that.
Mary said she hopes Tom can do that.
Mary said she heard someone yelling.
Mary said she heard someone snoring.
Mary said she heard someone singing.
Mary said she hasn't studied French.
Mary said she has confidence in Tom.
Mary said she had something for you.
Mary said she had no reason to stay.
Mary said she had confidence in Tom.
Mary said she figured Tom could win.
Mary said she feels like doing that.
Mary said she didn't wait very long.
Mary said she didn't mean to hit me.
Mary said she didn't know the rules.
Mary said she didn't intend to stay.
Mary said she didn't have insurance.
Mary said she didn't have any money.
Mary said she didn't have an office.
Mary said she didn't have a bicycle.
Mary said she didn't care what I do.
Mary said she didn't agree with you.
Mary said she couldn't speak French.
Mary said she could wait until 2:30.
Mary said she could help us do that.
Mary said she considered doing that.
Mary said she can't wait any longer.
Mary said she assumed you'd do that.
Mary said she almost didn't do that.
Mary said she agrees it's a problem.
Mary said she acted in self-defense.
Mary said Tom wanted her to do that.
Mary said Tom has never lied to her.
Mary refused the food I offered her.
Mary reflected on what she had done.
Mary realized that she was drowning.
Mary realized she shouldn't do that.
Mary realized she needed to do that.
Mary read the poem she wrote to Tom.
Mary read everything she could find.
Mary ran away as soon as she saw me.
Mary ran as fast as she was able to.
Mary put you up to this, didn't she?
Mary promised to keep it to herself.
Mary promised she'd do that for Tom.
Mary promised she'd be more careful.
Mary promised she wouldn't tell Tom.
Mary promised me that she'd do that.
Mary promised me that she'd be here.
Mary promised me she'd study French.
Mary promised me she'd come by 2:30.
Mary pretended that she didn't care.
Mary pretended she was still asleep.
Mary pretended she didn't notice me.
Mary prepared herself for the worst.
Mary poured herself a glass of wine.
Mary poured herself a glass of milk.
Mary poured herself a cup of coffee.
Mary poured cold water over herself.
Mary plans on doing that by herself.
Mary phoned to say she's not coming.
Mary ought to be ashamed of herself.
Mary only does what she wants to do.
Mary only does what she needs to do.
Mary never told me why she was here.
Mary never told me why she did that.
Mary never told me where she worked.
Mary never told Tom she was married.
Mary never goes kayaking by herself.
Mary never goes anywhere by herself.
Mary never forgave herself for that.
Mary never did what you say she did.
Mary never denied that she did that.
Mary needs all the help she can get.
Mary moved in with her grandparents.
Mary motioned for Tom to follow her.
Mary might think you don't like her.
Mary might help if you asked her to.
Mary may leave anytime she wants to.
Mary may get fined if she does that.
Mary may do that wherever she wants.
Mary may do that anywhere she wants.
Mary made sure nobody could see her.
Mary made sure no one could see her.
Mary made a list of what she wanted.
Mary made a list of what she needed.
Mary lost the job she had in Boston.
Mary looks older than she really is.
Mary looks like she's uncomfortable.
Mary looks like she'd like to leave.
Mary looks a bit tired, doesn't she?
Mary looked like she was suspicious.
Mary looked like she was interested.
Mary looked like she was in a hurry.
Mary looked like she was having fun.
Mary looked like she was frustrated.
Mary looked like she was frightened.
Mary looked like she was fascinated.
Mary looked like she was distracted.
Mary locked herself out of her room.
Mary locked herself in the bathroom.
Mary lived in Boston her whole life.
Mary likes to take walks by herself.
Mary likes to go fishing by herself.
Mary likes to do everything herself.
Mary lied to Tom about what she did.
Mary lied about who she'd been with.
Mary lent Tom her bicycle last week.
Mary left her umbrella in Tom's car.
Mary knows you'll never forgive her.
Mary knows why Tom doesn't like her.
Mary knows what she's talking about.
Mary knows that she has to be ready.
Mary knows she should do that today.
Mary knows she has to do that today.
Mary knows exactly what she's doing.
Mary knew what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary knew that she was being unfair.
Mary knew that she couldn't do that.
Mary knew she'd never see Tom again.
Mary knew she was likely to be late.
Mary knew Tom wouldn't let her down.
Mary knew I'd do whatever she asked.
Mary killed herself three years ago.
Mary kept her suspicions to herself.
Mary just does what she wants to do.
Mary just does what she needs to do.
Mary isn't willing to go by herself.
Mary isn't where I told her to wait.
Mary isn't very trustworthy, is she?
Mary isn't very resourceful, is she?
Mary isn't still doing that, is she?
Mary isn't staying with you, is she?
Mary isn't going to do that, is she?
Mary isn't from around here, is she?
Mary isn't as shy as she used to be.
Mary isn't as fat as she used to be.
Mary is your best friend, isn't she?
Mary is well paid for what she does.
Mary is warming herself by the fire.
Mary is waiting for Tom to call her.
Mary is very sympathetic, isn't she?
Mary is very spontaneous, isn't she?
Mary is very resourceful, isn't she?
Mary is very progressive, isn't she?
Mary is very pessimistic, isn't she?
Mary is very considerate, isn't she?
Mary is very competitive, isn't she?
Mary is usually punctual, isn't she?
Mary is unlikely to come by herself.
Mary is taking good care of herself.
Mary is sure that everybody saw her.
Mary is supposed to do that herself.
Mary is still dating Tom, isn't she?
Mary is still at Harvard, isn't she?
Mary is still a teenager, isn't she?
Mary is staying with you, isn't she?
Mary is really obnoxious, isn't she?
Mary is really dedicated, isn't she?
Mary is really conceited, isn't she?
Mary is really beautiful, isn't she?
Mary is really ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is quite successful, isn't she?
Mary is quite prejudiced, isn't she?
Mary is quite possessive, isn't she?
Mary is quite photogenic, isn't she?
Mary is quite persuasive, isn't she?
Mary is quite overweight, isn't she?
Mary is quite dependable, isn't she?
Mary is quite courageous, isn't she?
Mary is quite aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is pretty conceited, isn't she?
Mary is pretty ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is on vacation with her family.
Mary is older than you think she is.
Mary is much younger than she looks.
Mary is much smarter than she looks.
Mary is mad at you for lying to her.
Mary is lucky she didn't get killed.
Mary is just being petty, isn't she?
Mary is hoping she can cheer Tom up.
Mary is good at everything she does.
Mary is going to help us, isn't she?
Mary is going to go, too, isn't she?
Mary is going to get herself killed.
Mary is going to do that, isn't she?
Mary is going to do that on her own.
Mary is going to do that by herself.
Mary is fairly sure she can do that.
Mary is fairly ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is enjoying her life in Boston.
Mary is doing what she enjoys doing.
Mary is doing this for her children.
Mary is doing that for her children.
Mary is being very vague, isn't she?
Mary is afraid that she'll get lost.
Mary is a little nervous, isn't she?
Mary is a little jealous, isn't she?
Mary is a good violinist, isn't she?
Mary is a good guitarist, isn't she?
Mary introduced herself to everyone.
Mary introduced Tom to her daughter.
Mary hurt herself trying to do that.
Mary hoped she'd be able to do that.
Mary hoped she wouldn't be too late.
Mary hid herself behind the curtain.
Mary hates me as much as I hate her.
Mary has told me she has to do that.
Mary has to finish what she's doing.
Mary has things she still has to do.
Mary has something she wants to say.
Mary has paid back what she owes us.
Mary has never done that by herself.
Mary has never asked me to help her.
Mary has her reasons for doing that.
Mary has had about all she can take.
Mary has got things she needs to do.
Mary has done everything she can do.
Mary has been told she has to leave.
Mary has been to Boston, hasn't she?
Mary has been in Boston, hasn't she?
Mary had to go to Boston by herself.
Mary had the whole place to herself.
Mary had the whole house to herself.
Mary had no idea what she should do.
Mary had her reasons for doing that.
Mary had her picture taken with Tom.
Mary had a fight with her boyfriend.
Mary got exactly what she asked for.
Mary got angry when I told her that.
Mary got Tom to lend her some money.
Mary gestured for Tom to follow her.
Mary gave away everything she owned.
Mary gave Tom all the money she had.
Mary found what she was looking for.
Mary forced herself to stay focused.
Mary fixed the flat tire by herself.
Mary finished doing that by herself.
Mary felt herself growing impatient.
Mary expects Tom to do that for her.
Mary expected Tom to agree with her.
Mary enjoyed herself at the concert.
Mary ended up doing that by herself.
Mary doesn't want me here, does she?
Mary doesn't take herself seriously.
Mary doesn't speak French, does she?
Mary doesn't miss a thing, does she?
Mary doesn't look so busy, does she?
Mary doesn't look like she's lonely.
Mary doesn't like to repeat herself.
Mary doesn't like repeating herself.
Mary doesn't know where she belongs.
Mary doesn't know what she's saying.
Mary does whatever we ask her to do.
Mary does that even when she's sick.
Mary does that because she wants to.
Mary does that because she likes to.
Mary does only what she wants to do.
Mary didn't waste any time, did she?
Mary didn't want anyone to hear her.
Mary didn't want Tom to see her cry.
Mary didn't tell me where she lived.
Mary didn't tell me she was married.
Mary didn't tell me she was engaged.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was sleepy.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was hungry.
Mary didn't seem very busy, did she?
Mary didn't seem like herself today.
Mary didn't say who she'd gone with.
Mary didn't say where she was going.
Mary didn't say when she was coming.
Mary didn't look like she was tired.
Mary didn't look like she was happy.
Mary didn't let Tom sit next to her.
Mary didn't know when she'd be back.
Mary didn't know what she was doing.
Mary didn't know what she should do.
Mary didn't know what she needed do.
Mary didn't know what she had to do.
Mary didn't know that Tom loved her.
Mary didn't know she should do that.
Mary didn't know she had to do that.
Mary didn't know how she could help.
Mary didn't invite Tom to her party.
Mary didn't have anyone to help her.
Mary didn't get what she wished for.
Mary didn't feel that she was ready.
Mary didn't do what you say she did.
Mary didn't do what she say she did.
Mary didn't care if anybody saw her.
Mary didn't buy what I asked her to.
Mary did what we expected her to do.
Mary did what she thought was right.
Mary did what she had planned to do.
Mary did that very fast, didn't she?
Mary did that the way I told her to.
Mary did that because I told her to.
Mary did that as often as she could.
Mary denied that she'd ever met Tom.
Mary definitely meant what she said.
Mary cut herself with a sharp knife.
Mary cried as she read Tom's letter.
Mary couldn't do what she wanted to.
Mary couldn't do what she had to do.
Mary could go home if she wanted to.
Mary could get hurt if she did that.
Mary could do what she needed to do.
Mary could do that if she wanted to.
Mary could do everything by herself.
Mary constantly contradicts herself.
Mary closed the door behind herself.
Mary claims that she didn't do that.
Mary claims that doesn't bother her.
Mary claims she's done that already.
Mary claims she's already done that.
Mary can't tie her shoes by herself.
Mary can't do everything by herself.
Mary can't blame anyone but herself.
Mary can still take care of herself.
Mary can sleep here if she wants to.
Mary can do that wherever she wants.
Mary can do that anywhere she wants.
Mary can come, too, if she wants to.
Mary came here with Tom, didn't she?
Mary called me after Tom called her.
Mary burned everything Tom gave her.
Mary bought herself a new saxophone.
Mary bought herself a cup of coffee.
Mary blushed when she saw Tom naked.
Mary blushed when Tom smiled at her.
Mary believed everything I told her.
Mary begged Tom to help her do that.
Mary barricaded herself in her room.
Mary ate the whole pizza by herself.
Mary assured Tom that she'd do that.
Mary asked me to wake her up at six.
Mary asked me to throw her the ball.
Mary asked if she needed to do that.
Mary asked Tom whether he liked her.
Mary asked Tom not to hug her again.
Mary asked Tom if she could go home.
Mary appears to have hanged herself.
Mary apparently did that by herself.
Mary always goes fishing by herself.
Mary admitted that she'd lied to me.
Mary admitted that she'd been wrong.
Mary admitted that she wasn't ready.
Mary admitted that she was homesick.
Mary admitted that she was confused.
Mary admitted she wanted to do that.
Mary acted like she didn't know Tom.
Is it true that Mary killed herself?
Is Mary going to do that by herself?
If Mary is tired, let her go to bed.
If Mary asks me to help her, I will.
I've known Mary since she was a kid.
I'll tell Mary we're going with her.
I'll ask Mary if she needs any help.
I wanted Mary to do that by herself.
I told Mary that she should do that.
I told Mary that she had to do that.
I told Mary that Tom was mad at her.
I told Mary that I'd get her a gift.
I told Mary she should study harder.
I told Mary she should study French.
I told Mary I'd like to talk to her.
I told Mary I wanted to go with her.
I told Mary I wanted her to help me.
I told Mary I wanted her to do that.
I told Mary I thought she could win.
I think Mary should do that herself.
I think Mary really enjoyed herself.
I think Mary knows what she's doing.
I think Mary did the best she could.
I think Mary can do that by herself.
I ought to ask Mary what she thinks.
I never asked Mary what she thought.
I let Mary talk me into helping her.
I let Mary do anything she wants to.
I hope Mary will do that by herself.
I don't let Mary do that by herself.
I didn't tell Mary that I loved her.
I can help Mary find what she needs.
I asked Mary why she waited so long.
I asked Mary why she didn't do that.
I asked Mary where she wanted to go.
I asked Mary what she wanted to eat.
I asked Mary if she wanted to drive.
I always let Mary do what she wants.
How long did Mary say she'd be gone?
How did Mary react when she saw Tom?
Has Mary told you where she met Tom?
Has Mary ever asked you to help her?
Does Mary have everything she needs?
Does Mary always do that by herself?
Do you know why Mary killed herself?
Did Mary say why she wanted to quit?
Did Mary say why she gave it to you?
Did Mary say she'd help Tom do that?
Did Mary say how long she'd be away?
Did Mary really go there by herself?
Did Mary figure that out by herself?
Did Mary drive to Boston by herself?
Call Mary and tell her where we are.
Call Mary and tell her to come here.
Ask Mary if she can help us do that.
You should tell Mary she was wrong.
You should ask Mary what she'll do.
You need to call Mary and tell her.
You have to call Mary and tell her.
Will Mary be doing that by herself?
Why would Mary want me to help her?
Why didn't Mary do that by herself?
Who did Mary say taught her French?
What's Mary doing there by herself?
What did Mary say she wanted to do?
What Mary saw was changed her life.
We should ask Mary what she thinks.
Was Mary with Tom when you saw her?
Tell Mary we want to talk with her.
Tell Mary that I'm here to see her.
Tell Mary that I'll be calling her.
Tell Mary that I know what she did.
Tell Mary she has to do that today.
Mary's shoes are too small for her.
Mary's husband met her at the gate.
Mary's husband left her in October.
Mary's daughter drew her a picture.
Mary wouldn't let anybody help her.
Mary wouldn't go hiking by herself.
Mary wouldn't come out of her room.
Mary wouldn't allow us to help her.
Mary wouldn't allow me to help her.
Mary would've gone if she could've.
Mary would do that if she knew how.
Mary would be cute if she did that.
Mary works harder than she used to.
Mary wondered why Tom had left her.
Mary won't tell us where she lives.
Mary won't let Tom sit next to her.
Mary won't let Tom hug her anymore.
Mary won't have to do that herself.
Mary won't do that today, will she?
Mary wishes she could speak French.
Mary wished she was back in Boston.
Mary wished she had studied harder.
Mary wished she had more free time.
Mary will say what she always says.
Mary will laugh when she sees this.
Mary will have her house repainted.
Mary will do what I tell her to do.
Mary will do that for her children.
Mary will come after us, won't she?
Mary wasn't sure she could do that.
Mary wasn't able to defend herself.
Mary was unable to explain herself.
Mary was told she needs to do that.
Mary was told she couldn't do that.
Mary was surprised when I told her.
Mary was surprised by what she saw.
Mary was so busy she skipped lunch.
Mary was impressed by what she saw.
Mary was hoping she could help Tom.
Mary was glad Tom did that for her.
Mary was expecting Tom to help her.
Mary wants you to help her do that.
Mary wants us to think she's happy.
Mary wants us to know she did that.
Mary wants to leave, but she can't.
Mary wants me to help her tomorrow.
Mary wanted to cry, but she didn't.
Mary wanted me to teach her French.
Mary wanted me to read her a story.
Mary wanted me to do that with her.
Mary wanted her family to meet Tom.
Mary wanted Tom to sit next to her.
Mary wanted Tom to leave her alone.
Mary wanted Tom to do that for her.
Mary wanted Tom to be nicer to her.
Mary told us why she'd been absent.
Mary told us she thought she'd win.
Mary told me that she's unemployed.
Mary told me that she's suspicious.
Mary told me that she's interested.
Mary told me that she'd leave soon.
Mary told me that she'd come again.
Mary told me that she'd be careful.
Mary told me that she was ticklish.
Mary told me that she was thrilled.
Mary told me that she was relieved.
Mary told me that she was prepared.
Mary told me that she was positive.
Mary told me that she was offended.
Mary told me that she was innocent.
Mary told me that she was homesick.
Mary told me that she was divorced.
Mary told me that she was diabetic.
Mary told me that she was confused.
Mary told me that she wanted a dog.
Mary told me that she spoke French.
Mary told me she's never done that.
Mary told me she's getting married.
Mary told me she'd do that herself.
Mary told me she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary told me she wasn't sleepy yet.
Mary told me she wasn't happy here.
Mary told me she was really hungry.
Mary told me she was going to help.
Mary told me she was feeling dizzy.
Mary told me she wanted to do that.
Mary told me she needed some money.
Mary told me she needed more money.
Mary told me she might not do that.
Mary told me she liked Tom's smile.
Mary told me she knew who did that.
Mary told me she enjoyed the party.
Mary told me she enjoyed the movie.
Mary told me she didn't have a car.
Mary told everyone she was adopted.
Mary told Tom what she wants to do.
Mary told Tom what she needs to do.
Mary told Tom to stay out her room.
Mary told Tom that she was unlucky.
Mary told Tom that she was thirsty.
Mary told Tom that she was starved.
Mary told Tom that she was retired.
Mary told Tom that she was puzzled.
Mary told Tom that she was pleased.
Mary told Tom that she was nervous.
Mary told Tom that she was married.
Mary told Tom that she was leaving.
Mary told Tom that she was jealous.
Mary told Tom that she was furious.
Mary told Tom that she was excited.
Mary told Tom that she was curious.
Mary told Tom that she was annoyed.
Mary told Tom she'd never met John.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't do that.
Mary told Tom she wanted a divorce.
Mary told Tom she didn't trust him.
Mary told Tom she couldn't do that.
Mary told Tom not to hug her again.
Mary told Tom how she and John met.
Mary thought she shouldn't do that.
Mary thought she needed to do that.
Mary thought she could impress Tom.
Mary thought Tom wouldn't help her.
Mary thinks she's stronger than me.
Mary thinks she could probably win.
Mary tells me you're her boyfriend.
Mary taught herself how to do that.
Mary still hasn't said she's sorry.
Mary still has the book I lent her.
Mary stayed longer than she needed.
Mary stayed longer than she had to.
Mary stayed in the tent by herself.
Mary solved the problem on her own.
Mary solved the problem by herself.
Mary smiled when Tom winked at her.
Mary showed her photo album to Tom.
Mary showed Tom a picture she drew.
Mary shouted, but nobody heard her.
Mary shouldn't go there by herself.
Mary seldom goes hiking by herself.
Mary seems very angry, doesn't she?
Mary seems quite busy, doesn't she?
Mary seemed very tired, didn't she?
Mary seemed very angry, didn't she?
Mary seemed to be enjoying herself.
Mary seemed quite busy, didn't she?
Mary screamed as loud as she could.
Mary says we can start without her.
Mary says that she likes marigolds.
Mary says that she does that a lot.
Mary says that she can't sing well.
Mary says that she agrees with Tom.
Mary says that didn't surprise her.
Mary says she's willing to help us.
Mary says she's too old to do that.
Mary says she's never won anything.
Mary says she's never seen a panda.
Mary says she's feeling better now.
Mary says she's been asked to stay.
Mary says she's been asked to help.
Mary says she'll only speak to Tom.
Mary says she'll keep working hard.
Mary says she'll go to Boston soon.
Mary says she'll do whatever we do.
Mary says she'll do that on Monday.
Mary says she'll come to the party.
Mary says she'd rather not do that.
Mary says she wants to talk to you.
Mary says she wants to talk to Tom.
Mary says she wants to lose weight.
Mary says she wants more than that.
Mary says she used to teach French.
Mary says she used to study French.
Mary says she thinks she won't win.
Mary says she thinks it's possible.
Mary says she saw Tom this morning.
Mary says she remembers doing that.
Mary says she often forgets things.
Mary says she needs to talk to you.
Mary says she needs to talk to Tom.
Mary says she needs more than that.
Mary says she knows Tom can't swim.
Mary says she isn't having any fun.
Mary says she hasn't yet done that.
Mary says she hasn't done that yet.
Mary says she has plans to do that.
Mary says she has a lot of friends.
Mary says she had a very good time.
Mary says she doesn't want a party.
Mary says she doesn't study French.
Mary says she doesn't speak French.
Mary says she doesn't remember Tom.
Mary says she doesn't ever do that.
Mary says she didn't know about it.
Mary says she can wait a long time.
Mary says she believes she can win.
Mary says Tom will do that for her.
Mary sat all by herself at the bar.
Mary said the gunshots woke her up.
Mary said that she'd come tomorrow.
Mary said that she'd been careless.
Mary said that she wasn't ticklish.
Mary said that she wasn't offended.
Mary said that she wasn't homesick.
Mary said that she was very sleepy.
Mary said that she was very lonely.
Mary said that she was very hungry.
Mary said that she was unimpressed.
Mary said that she was unconvinced.
Mary said that she was unconcerned.
Mary said that she was sympathetic.
Mary said that she was ready to go.
Mary said that she was overwhelmed.
Mary said that she was intoxicated.
Mary said that she was heartbroken.
Mary said that she was embarrassed.
Mary said that she was discouraged.
Mary said that she saw Tom do that.
Mary said that she really liked me.
Mary said that she never said that.
Mary said that she doesn't do that.
Mary said that she didn't like Tom.
Mary said that she could swim well.
Mary said that Tom didn't like her.
Mary said that Tom ate her dessert.
Mary said she's willing to do that.
Mary said she's through doing that.
Mary said she's tempted to do that.
Mary said she's not ready to leave.
Mary said she's not going anywhere.
Mary said she's had enough of that.
Mary said she's feeling better now.
Mary said she's been feeling tired.
Mary said she'd stopped doing that.
Mary said she'd rather not go home.
Mary said she'd rather not eat now.
Mary said she'd rather not do that.
Mary said she'd pay for everything.
Mary said she'd never teach French.
Mary said she'd never study French.
Mary said she'd never see me again.
Mary said she'd never ever do that.
Mary said she'd love to go with us.
Mary said she'd likely not do that.
Mary said she'd like to go with us.
Mary said she'd lend me some money.
Mary said she'd definitely do that.
Mary said she'd call me right back.
Mary said she'd be willing help us.
Mary said she'd be willing do that.
Mary said she'd be home for dinner.
Mary said she'd be glad to do that.
Mary said she'd be doing that soon.
Mary said she'd be busy until 2:30.
Mary said she'd be back right away.
Mary said she'd be back in October.
Mary said she'd be at school today.
Mary said she'd be able to help us.
Mary said she'd be able to do that.
Mary said she'd ask Tom to do that.
Mary said she wouldn't wait for us.
Mary said she wished you'd do that.
Mary said she went there for a job.
Mary said she wasn't ready to talk.
Mary said she wasn't offered a job.
Mary said she wasn't likely to win.
Mary said she wasn't angry anymore.
Mary said she wasn't afraid of Tom.
Mary said she was worried about me.
Mary said she was unlikely do that.
Mary said she was too busy to help.
Mary said she was told not do that.
Mary said she was ready to do that.
Mary said she was looking for help.
Mary said she was in love with you.
Mary said she was in love with Tom.
Mary said she was hoping you'd win.
Mary said she was having a bad day.
Mary said she was happy to do that.
Mary said she was going to do that.
Mary said she was going to be late.
Mary said she was going to be here.
Mary said she was enjoying herself.
Mary said she was eager to do that.
Mary said she was asked to do that.
Mary said she was afraid of snakes.
Mary said she wants to talk to you.
Mary said she wants to change that.
Mary said she wants to be a lawyer.
Mary said she wanted to try to win.
Mary said she wanted to talk to me.
Mary said she wanted to take a nap.
Mary said she wanted to go sailing.
Mary said she thought Tom was here.
Mary said she thought Tom was busy.
Mary said she thinks you're stupid.
Mary said she should've left early.
Mary said she remembers doing that.
Mary said she regretted doing that.
Mary said she plans to be a doctor.
Mary said she noticed a difference.
Mary said she needs to go shopping.
Mary said she needed to take a nap.
Mary said she may possibly do that.
Mary said she may agree to do that.
Mary said she liked the new carpet.
Mary said she knows Tom's children.
Mary said she knew where Tom lived.
Mary said she isn't ready to leave.
Mary said she isn't having any fun.
Mary said she isn't going anywhere.
Mary said she hopes to change that.
Mary said she heard Tom doing that.
Mary said she hasn't yet done that.
Mary said she hasn't done that yet.
Mary said she had to go home early.
Mary said she had no other details.
Mary said she felt like doing that.
Mary said she felt good about that.
Mary said she enjoyed Tom's speech.
Mary said she didn't want you here.
Mary said she didn't want to sleep.
Mary said she didn't want to leave.
Mary said she didn't want to dance.
Mary said she didn't want me to go.
Mary said she didn't want anything.
Mary said she didn't remember much.
Mary said she didn't need to hurry.
Mary said she didn't need our help.
Mary said she didn't need anything.
Mary said she didn't need a lawyer.
Mary said she didn't have a lawyer.
Mary said she didn't have a choice.
Mary said she did that three times.
Mary said she can't sing very well.
Mary said she asked Tom to do that.
Mary said she appreciated the help.
Mary said her parents are divorced.
Mary repaired her watch by herself.
Mary really scared you, didn't she?
Mary really likes Tom, doesn't she?
Mary really knows what she's doing.
Mary realized she'd made a mistake.
Mary ran home as fast as she could.
Mary put her hand over Tom's mouth.
Mary promised she'd do that for us.
Mary promised she'd do that for me.
Mary promised she wouldn't do that.
Mary promised she wouldn't be late.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't cry.
Mary pretended she didn't know Tom.
Mary pretended she didn't hear Tom.
Mary prefers to do that on her own.
Mary prefers to do that by herself.
Mary plans to retire when she's 65.
Mary picked Tom up on her way home.
Mary often goes fishing by herself.
Mary never told me where she lived.
Mary never told me what she wanted.
Mary never told me she was married.
Mary never told me she had a horse.
Mary never said she wasn't married.
Mary moved as quickly as she could.
Mary motioned for me to follow her.
Mary might've done that by herself.
Mary might not want us to help her.
Mary may speak French if she wants.
Mary may speak French if she likes.
Mary may have done that by herself.
Mary may get hurt if she does that.
Mary may eat wherever she wants to.
Mary may eat whenever she wants to.
Mary may eat whatever she wants to.
Mary may do that however she likes.
Mary may do that any way she likes.
Mary managed to do that on her own.
Mary managed to do that by herself.
Mary made herself something to eat.
Mary looks pretty proud of herself.
Mary looks like she's seen a ghost.
Mary looks like she's ready to cry.
Mary looks like she's going to cry.
Mary looks like she's disappointed.
Mary looks like she's about to cry.
Mary looks like she wants to leave.
Mary looked like she'd been crying.
Mary looked like she was surprised.
Mary looked like she was skeptical.
Mary looked like she was satisfied.
Mary looked like she was miserable.
Mary looked like she was irritated.
Mary looked like she was impressed.
Mary looked like she was impatient.
Mary looked like she was exhausted.
Mary looked like she was disgusted.
Mary looked like she was desperate.
Mary looked like she was depressed.
Mary looked like she was contented.
Mary looked like she was confident.
Mary looked like she was concerned.
Mary looked like she was attentive.
Mary lives by herself in the woods.
Mary likes to do things by herself.
Mary likes taking walks by herself.
Mary knows what to do, doesn't she?
Mary knows that she'll be punished.
Mary knows that she should do that.
Mary knows that she has to do that.
Mary knows she's going to be fired.
Mary knows she should study French.
Mary knows she should do that soon.
Mary knows she has to study French.
Mary knows she has to speak French.
Mary knows she has to keep working.
Mary knows she has to do that soon.
Mary knows she did something wrong.
Mary knows about this, doesn't she?
Mary knew why Tom didn't trust her.
Mary knew what she was looking for.
Mary knew what she was going to do.
Mary knew she wouldn't be punished.
Mary knew she was no longer needed.
Mary isn't very diplomatic, is she?
Mary isn't sure what she should do.
Mary isn't sure she should do that.
Mary isn't sure she has to do that.
Mary isn't sure how much she drank.
Mary isn't really that old, is she?
Mary isn't really enjoying herself.
Mary isn't in her office right now.
Mary isn't being very nice, is she?
Mary is working as fast as she can.
Mary is willing to help, isn't she?
Mary is very unsociable, isn't she?
Mary is very successful, isn't she?
Mary is very possessive, isn't she?
Mary is very photogenic, isn't she?
Mary is very persuasive, isn't she?
Mary is very persistent, isn't she?
Mary is very passionate, isn't she?
Mary is very overweight, isn't she?
Mary is very good at what she does.
Mary is very diplomatic, isn't she?
Mary is very determined, isn't she?
Mary is very dependable, isn't she?
Mary is very courageous, isn't she?
Mary is very aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is unwilling to go by herself.
Mary is trying her best to do that.
Mary is the team leader, isn't she?
Mary is sure that everyone saw her.
Mary is sure she can do that again.
Mary is still out there, isn't she?
Mary is still in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is so cute when she does that.
Mary is sick, so she won't do that.
Mary is really talented, isn't she?
Mary is really stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is really creative, isn't she?
Mary is really busy now, isn't she?
Mary is quite talkative, isn't she?
Mary is quite obstinate, isn't she?
Mary is quite observant, isn't she?
Mary is quite obnoxious, isn't she?
Mary is quite emotional, isn't she?
Mary is quite dedicated, isn't she?
Mary is quite conceited, isn't she?
Mary is quite ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is pretty romantic, isn't she?
Mary is pretty outgoing, isn't she?
Mary is painting the house herself.
Mary is out of her mind, isn't she?
Mary is older than she says she is.
Mary is obviously enjoying herself.
Mary is not as stupid as she looks.
Mary is lucky that she can do that.
Mary is lucky she didn't get fired.
Mary is in the hospital, isn't she?
Mary is in her car waiting for Tom.
Mary is happy traveling by herself.
Mary is doing what she wants to do.
Mary is doing what she needs to do.
Mary is being sarcastic, isn't she?
Mary is being deceitful, isn't she?
Mary is as ready as she'll ever be.
Mary is always punctual, isn't she?
Mary is already retired, isn't she?
Mary is able to do that on her own.
Mary is able to do that by herself.
Mary is a perfectionist, isn't she?
Mary is a little scared, isn't she?
Mary invited Tom over to her place.
Mary introduced Tom to her parents.
Mary introduced Tom to her friends.
Mary insisted she wouldn't do that.
Mary injured herself at work today.
Mary hoped that she'd win the race.
Mary hasn't told me who helped her.
Mary hasn't done that yet, has she?
Mary hasn't come home yet, has she?
Mary has vowed that she'll do that.
Mary has told me she won't do that.
Mary has told me she can't do that.
Mary has told Tom she has to leave.
Mary has something she needs to do.
Mary has some things she has to do.
Mary has said she wants to do that.
Mary has said she needs to do that.
Mary has no one to give her advice.
Mary has more money than she needs.
Mary has everything that she wants.
Mary has everything that she needs.
Mary has a right to defend herself.
Mary has a long drive ahead of her.
Mary had the whole room to herself.
Mary had only three dollars on her.
Mary had a right to defend herself.
Mary got Tom to carry her suitcase.
Mary gets up before her parents do.
Mary gave Tom the key to her house.
Mary gave Tom her telephone number.
Mary found herself in a tight spot.
Mary flashed her headlights at Tom.
Mary finally decided she'd help us.
Mary felt she had to say something.
Mary felt she didn't have a choice.
Mary explained her reasons clearly.
Mary explained her position to Tom.
Mary eats hotdogs whenever she can.
Mary drove herself to the hospital.
Mary doesn't think she can do that.
Mary doesn't really know, does she?
Mary doesn't really care, does she?
Mary doesn't need to prove herself.
Mary doesn't look like she's tired.
Mary doesn't let Tom drive her car.
Mary doesn't know why Tom left her.
Mary doesn't know what she's doing.
Mary doesn't know how lucky she is.
Mary doesn't have her phone on her.
Mary does whatever she wants to do.
Mary does what she thinks is right.
Mary does that as often as she can.
Mary does look lonely, doesn't she?
Mary does everything I tell her to.
Mary disguised herself as a beggar.
Mary didn't want anyone to see her.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was tired.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was sorry.
Mary didn't tell Tom her last name.
Mary didn't pass the exam, did she?
Mary didn't mind living by herself.
Mary didn't look like she was busy.
Mary didn't know why Tom hated her.
Mary didn't know how lucky she was.
Mary didn't feel sorry for herself.
Mary didn't even say she was sorry.
Mary didn't eat breakfast, did she?
Mary didn't do that all by herself.
Mary didn't do that again, did she?
Mary didn't deny that she did that.
Mary didn't believe what she heard.
Mary did what Tom wanted her to do.
Mary did that the way she was told.
Mary did that by herself yesterday.
Mary did that as soon as she could.
Mary did that as fast as she could.
Mary did all she could to help Tom.
Mary denied that she told Tom that.
Mary decided to do that on her own.
Mary cried when she heard the news.
Mary cried a lot when Tom left her.
Mary couldn't stop blaming herself.
Mary could've done that on her own.
Mary could've done that by herself.
Mary could retire if she wanted to.
Mary confessed that she was guilty.
Mary claimed that she was innocent.
Mary claimed she's never done that.
Mary claimed she waited until 2:30.
Mary can't swim very well, can she?
Mary can't have done it by herself.
Mary can't find anyone to help her.
Mary can't come, because she's sick
Mary can't come because she's sick.
Mary can't bring herself to say no.
Mary can take a break if she wants.
Mary can stay with me if she wants.
Mary can stay as long as she likes.
Mary can have everything she wants.
Mary can do that however she likes.
Mary can do that any way she likes.
Mary calmly poured herself a drink.
Mary called and said she'd be late.
Mary brought her children with her.
Mary bragged about what she'd done.
Mary bought what she needed to buy.
Mary believes that she can do that.
Mary begged me to help her do that.
Mary ate the whole cake by herself.
Mary assured us that she'd do that.
Mary assured me that she'd do that.
Mary asked me to stay and help her.
Mary asked me to pass her the salt.
Mary asked me if she could do that.
Mary asked me if I agreed with her.
Mary asked Tom to stop texting her.
Mary asked Tom to leave her office.
Mary asked Tom to help her do that.
Mary asked Tom to buy her a ticket.
Mary always seems to be by herself.
Mary always said she could do that.
Mary always expects me to help her.
Mary always complains, doesn't she?
Mary already knew that, didn't she?
Mary admitted that she wasn't sure.
Mary admitted that she was worried.
Mary admitted that she was nervous.
Mary admitted that she was jealous.
Mary admitted that she was curious.
Mary admitted that she let Tom win.
Mary admitted she'd made a mistake.
Mary acted like she didn't know me.
Just tell Mary I'm looking for her.
If you want to tell Mary, tell her.
I've spoken to Mary and she's fine.
I've known Mary since she was born.
I'm sure Mary is doing all she can.
I'll tell Mary you asked about her.
I'll help Mary find what she needs.
I urged Mary to do what she wanted.
I told Mary who she should talk to.
I told Mary to get home by herself.
I told Mary that I agreed with her.
I think Mary will do as she's told.
I think Mary wants to kill herself.
I think Mary thought Tom liked her.
I taught Mary everything she knows.
I suspect Mary got what she wanted.
I promised Mary that we'd help her.
I hope Mary knows what she's doing.
I hope Mary knows how lucky she is.
I hope Mary can do that by herself.
I have to give Mary what she wants.
I didn't give Mary what she wanted.
I didn't give Mary what she needed.
I didn't ask Mary where she'd gone.
I asked Mary why she was in Boston.
I asked Mary what she was drinking.
I asked Mary what she wanted to do.
I asked Mary to do that by herself.
How does Mary know she can do that?
Give Mary whatever it is she wants.
Find Mary before she tells someone.
Everyone in Mary's class likes her.
Doesn't Mary realize Tom loves her?
Does Mary really think she can win?
Didn't Mary tell you she'd do that?
Did Mary tell you why she did that?
Did Mary tell you what she told me?
Did Mary tell Tom why she did that?
Did Mary say why she wasn't coming?
Did Mary say she wanted to do that?
Did Mary say she needed to do that?
Did Mary really do that by herself?
Did Mary know we wanted her to win?
Did Mary explain why she was angry?
Call Mary and tell her you're here.
Call Mary and ask her to come back.
Ask Mary what she thinks of Boston.
Ask Mary to make herself available.
Ask Mary if she can play the piano.
"Is Mary in Boston?" "Yes, she is."
Would Mary go swimming by herself?
Why didn't Mary come here herself?
Who did Mary think would help her?
Where was Mary when we needed her?
What's Mary like when she's angry?
What else did Mary say she needed?
What did Mary say when she called?
This is what Mary said she wanted.
Tell Mary she should visit Boston.
Tell Mary I'd like to talk to her.
Please tell Mary she has to leave.
Mary's sister looks just like her.
Mary's friends wanted to help her.
Mary's family must be missing her.
Mary's dog followed her to school.
Mary wrote this report by herself.
Mary wrapped herself in a blanket.
Mary wouldn't hurt Tom, would she?
Mary wouldn't eat that, would she?
Mary wondered what she should say.
Mary won't tell us what she knows.
Mary won't let me hug her anymore.
Mary won't do anything by herself.
Mary won't admit that she's wrong.
Mary wished she were still single.
Mary will have to do that herself.
Mary will do what she's got to do.
Mary will do that if you help her.
Mary will be surprised, won't she?
Mary will be all right, won't she?
Mary wasn't still asleep, was she?
Mary wasn't here earlier, was she?
Mary was there with her boyfriend.
Mary was sick, so she didn't come.
Mary was hoping she could do that.
Mary was going to do that herself.
Mary was glad she got there early.
Mary was found dead in her office.
Mary was found dead in her garage.
Mary wants you to do that for her.
Mary wants me to fix this for her.
Mary wants Tom to meet her mother.
Mary wanted to go, but she didn't.
Mary wanted to do that by herself.
Mary wanted me to do that for her.
Mary usually does that by herself.
Mary tried to get Tom to help her.
Mary tried her best to ignore Tom.
Mary told us that she'd cooperate.
Mary told us she wouldn't do that.
Mary told us she couldn't do that.
Mary told me why she couldn't win.
Mary told me that she's skeptical.
Mary told me that she's exhausted.
Mary told me that she's depressed.
Mary told me that she'd done that.
Mary told me that she'd be absent.
Mary told me that she was worried.
Mary told me that she was unlucky.
Mary told me that she was through.
Mary told me that she was thirsty.
Mary told me that she was stuffed.
Mary told me that she was starved.
Mary told me that she was serious.
Mary told me that she was retired.
Mary told me that she was puzzled.
Mary told me that she was pleased.
Mary told me that she was nervous.
Mary told me that she was married.
Mary told me that she was jealous.
Mary told me that she was furious.
Mary told me that she was excited.
Mary told me that she was curious.
Mary told me that she was certain.
Mary told me that she was at home.
Mary told me that she was adopted.
Mary told me she'd try to do that.
Mary told me she'd try doing that.
Mary told me she'd rather go home.
Mary told me she'd never leave me.
Mary told me she'd likely do that.
Mary told me she'd do that for us.
Mary told me she'd call you later.
Mary told me she'd be coming back.
Mary told me she wouldn't do that.
Mary told me she wasn't surprised.
Mary told me she wasn't in Boston.
Mary told me she wasn't impressed.
Mary told me she wasn't convinced.
Mary told me she wasn't an expert.
Mary told me she was still afraid.
Mary told me she was going to win.
Mary told me she was glad to help.
Mary told me she was feeling fine.
Mary told me she was disappointed.
Mary told me she was all worn out.
Mary told me she wants to do that.
Mary told me she wanted me to win.
Mary told me she tried to do that.
Mary told me she plans to do that.
Mary told me she ought to do that.
Mary told me she needs to do that.
Mary told me she needed more time.
Mary told me she likes to do that.
Mary told me she likes doing that.
Mary told me she liked to do that.
Mary told me she liked doing that.
Mary told me she isn't sleepy yet.
Mary told me she hated doing that.
Mary told me she had to work late.
Mary told me she had to walk home.
Mary told me she had to stay home.
Mary told me she had a job for me.
Mary told me she forgot something.
Mary told me she enjoyed the show.
Mary told me she doesn't know Tom.
Mary told me she doesn't eat pork.
Mary told me she doesn't eat meat.
Mary told me she didn't like dogs.
Mary told me she didn't like cats.
Mary told me she didn't like beer.
Mary told me she didn't feel well.
Mary told me she didn't feel safe.
Mary told me she didn't feel cold.
Mary told me she did that in 2013.
Mary told me she did that for you.
Mary told me she did that already.
Mary told me she couldn't help me.
Mary told me she couldn't do that.
Mary told me she ate way too much.
Mary told Tom what she had to buy.
Mary told Tom the joke I told her.
Mary told Tom that she'd help him.
Mary told Tom that she was sleepy.
Mary told Tom that she was scared.
Mary told Tom that she was lonely.
Mary told Tom that she was hungry.
Mary told Tom that she was afraid.
Mary told Tom that she had a cold.
Mary told Tom that she felt tired.
Mary told Tom she'd never do that.
Mary told Tom she'd be right back.
Mary told Tom she was ready to go.
Mary told Tom she wanted to leave.
Mary told Tom she needed his help.
Mary told Tom she didn't like him.
Mary thought she'd be able to win.
Mary thought she was going to win.
Mary thought Tom was lying to her.
Mary thought Tom knew who she was.
Mary thinks that she can prove it.
Mary thinks she's too good for us.
Mary thinks she's better than Tom.
Mary thinks she shouldn't do that.
Mary thinks she ought to help Tom.
Mary thinks she needs to help Tom.
Mary thinks she can do that again.
Mary still does that, doesn't she?
Mary spent the weekend by herself.
Mary sold her old clarinet to Tom.
Mary slammed the door as she left.
Mary showed me where she found it.
Mary showed Tom what she'd bought.
Mary showed Tom her baby pictures.
Mary shouted as loud as she could.
Mary shouldn't do that by herself.
Mary should tell Tom what she did.
Mary should tell Tom she's sleepy.
Mary should be ashamed of herself.
Mary shared her sandwich with Tom.
Mary seems to know what she wants.
Mary seems to be enjoying herself.
Mary seems fairly sure of herself.
Mary says that she's still hungry.
Mary says that she'll wait for us.
Mary says that she teaches French.
Mary says that she studies French.
Mary says that she studied French.
Mary says that she plans on going.
Mary says that she didn't do that.
Mary says that doesn't bother her.
Mary says she's working very hard.
Mary says she's not busy tomorrow.
Mary says she's never owned a car.
Mary says she's never coming back.
Mary says she's hoping to do that.
Mary says she's getting a divorce.
Mary says she's done that already.
Mary says she's already done that.
Mary says she's afraid to do that.
Mary says she's a friend of yours.
Mary says she'll only talk to you.
Mary says she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary says she'll buy that for you.
Mary says she'll be here tomorrow.
Mary says she'll be busy tomorrow.
Mary says she won't help us today.
Mary says she won't do that today.
Mary says she won't do that again.
Mary says she thinks Tom did that.
Mary says she saw Tom in the park.
Mary says she plans on doing that.
Mary says she never taught French.
Mary says she likes horror movies.
Mary says she intended to do that.
Mary says she hopes that Tom wins.
Mary says she hopes Tom does that.
Mary says she has to wait for Tom.
Mary says she has to study French.
Mary says she has to speak French.
Mary says she has no other choice.
Mary says she had to study French.
Mary says she had to speak French.
Mary says she had a great weekend.
Mary says she finished doing that.
Mary says she feels sorry for Tom.
Mary says she doesn't like Boston.
Mary says she didn't study French.
Mary says she can't trust herself.
Mary says she can see you at 2:30.
Mary says she can do that for you.
Mary says she can do that already.
Mary says she can already do that.
Mary said you wouldn't let her in.
Mary said you hit her on the head.
Mary said that's not what she did.
Mary said that she'd pay the bill.
Mary said that she'd go to Boston.
Mary said that she'd been foolish.
Mary said that she'd been careful.
Mary said that she'd be back soon.
Mary said that she wasn't worried.
Mary said that she wasn't unhappy.
Mary said that she wasn't thirsty.
Mary said that she wasn't shocked.
Mary said that she wasn't serious.
Mary said that she wasn't retired.
Mary said that she wasn't nervous.
Mary said that she wasn't married.
Mary said that she wasn't jealous.
Mary said that she wasn't healthy.
Mary said that she wasn't adopted.
Mary said that she was very upset.
Mary said that she was very tired.
Mary said that she was very sorry.
Mary said that she was very happy.
Mary said that she was very drunk.
Mary said that she was very broke.
Mary said that she was very bored.
Mary said that she was very angry.
Mary said that she was unemployed.
Mary said that she was suspicious.
Mary said that she was quite busy.
Mary said that she was optimistic.
Mary said that she was interested.
Mary said that she was in a hurry.
Mary said that she was frustrated.
Mary said that she was frightened.
Mary said that she wanted a raise.
Mary said that she studied French.
Mary said that she saw Tom crying.
Mary said that she needed my help.
Mary said that she likes swimming.
Mary said that she didn't do that.
Mary said that Tom waited for her.
Mary said that Tom saved her life.
Mary said she's sure Tom will win.
Mary said she's sure Tom can swim.
Mary said she's only met Tom once.
Mary said she's not going to sing.
Mary said she's never lied to Tom.
Mary said she's home every Monday.
Mary said she's going to miss Tom.
Mary said she's glad you did that.
Mary said she's glad she did that.
Mary said she's glad Tom did that.
Mary said she's done that already.
Mary said she's done nothing wrong.
Mary said she's been to Australia.
Mary said she's been feeling sick.
Mary said she's been busy all day.
Mary said she's already done that.
Mary said she's afraid to do that.
Mary said she'll probably do that.
Mary said she'll do that tomorrow.
Mary said she'll buy that for you.
Mary said she'd sign the contract.
Mary said she'd go back home soon.
Mary said she'd give me a massage.
Mary said she'd be there tomorrow.
Mary said she'd be busy on Monday.
Mary said she'd be back on Monday.
Mary said she'd be at the meeting.
Mary said she won't do that again.
Mary said she wasn't feeling well.
Mary said she wasn't disappointed.
Mary said she was willing to wait.
Mary said she was told to do that.
Mary said she was looking for you.
Mary said she was in love with me.
Mary said she was having fun, too.
Mary said she was going to Boston.
Mary said she was going back home.
Mary said she was feeling thirsty.
Mary said she was feeling nervous.
Mary said she wanted to stay home.
Mary said she wanted to go to bed.
Mary said she wanted some company.
Mary said she wanted more details.
Mary said she wanted a better job.
Mary said she told Tom to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was mad.
Mary said she thought I was lying.
Mary said she thought I was funny.
Mary said she thought I might win.
Mary said she thinks Tom can swim.
Mary said she should've done that.
Mary said she saw Tom in the park.
Mary said she plans on doing that.
Mary said she needed to stay home.
Mary said she needed a dozen eggs.
Mary said she knows Tom's brother.
Mary said she knew how to do that.
Mary said she knew Tom's children.
Mary said she intended to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would win.
Mary said she hoped Tom could win.
Mary said she heard Tom screaming.
Mary said she has to wait for Tom.
Mary said she had to wait for Tom.
Mary said she had to go somewhere.
Mary said she had somewhere to go.
Mary said she had nothing to hide.
Mary said she had no other choice.
Mary said she had no more details.
Mary said she had a terrible cold.
Mary said she figured I could win.
Mary said she felt like giving up.
Mary said she felt bad about that.
Mary said she expected Tom to win.
Mary said she enjoyed the concert.
Mary said she doesn't care at all.
Mary said she didn't want to talk.
Mary said she didn't want to sing.
Mary said she didn't want a drink.
Mary said she didn't study French.
Mary said she didn't speak French.
Mary said she didn't see anything.
Mary said she didn't need a break.
Mary said she didn't mind walking.
Mary said she didn't mind waiting.
Mary said she didn't drink coffee.
Mary said she couldn't find a job.
Mary said she couldn't believe it.
Mary said she could help us today.
Mary said she could do that today.
Mary said she bought that for you.
Mary said more than she should've.
Mary said it was her who did that.
Mary said Tom told her to do that.
Mary realized she had to help Tom.
Mary promised that she'd be there.
Mary promised she'd keep in touch.
Mary promised me she'd come early.
Mary promised me she wouldn't cry.
Mary promised Tom she'd help John.
Mary probably did that by herself.
Mary pretty much keeps to herself.
Mary pretended she didn't see Tom.
Mary poured herself another glass.
Mary plans to go there by herself.
Mary phoned to say she'll be late.
Mary persuaded Tom to go with her.
Mary paid Tom to babysit her kids.
Mary ought to take her medication.
Mary only does what she has to do.
Mary now knows what she has to do.
Mary never felt sorry for herself.
Mary never admitted she was wrong.
Mary needs us to show her the way.
Mary needs to talk to Tom herself.
Mary needs to take her medication.
Mary needs to sort it out herself.
Mary must've done that by herself.
Mary met Tom on her way to school.
Mary may go with you if she wants.
Mary may eat as much as she wants.
Mary may do whatever she wants to.
Mary may do that if she'd like to.
Mary made herself a big breakfast.
Mary made Tom tell her everything.
Mary loves me and I love her, too.
Mary loves Tom with all her heart.
Mary loved Tom with all her heart.
Mary looks like she's unimpressed.
Mary looks like she's lost weight.
Mary looks like she's half asleep.
Mary looks like she's embarrassed.
Mary looks like she's discouraged.
Mary looks like she's been crying.
Mary looks like she's a bit tired.
Mary looks like she might be sick.
Mary looked like she wasn't tired.
Mary looked like she wasn't happy.
Mary looked like she was sleeping.
Mary looked like she was relieved.
Mary looked like she was prepared.
Mary looked like she was offended.
Mary looked like she was finished.
Mary looked like she was confused.
Mary looked like she always looks.
Mary locked herself in the closet.
Mary lied about why she was fired.
Mary lied about where she grew up.
Mary knows what she's looking for.
Mary knows what she's going to do.
Mary knows what she did was wrong.
Mary knows she's not going to win.
Mary knows she should be studying.
Mary knows she isn't welcome here.
Mary knows how much Tom loves her.
Mary knows exactly what she wants.
Mary knew why Tom didn't like her.
Mary knew that she'd been tricked.
Mary knew that she was overweight.
Mary knew that Tom was mad at her.
Mary knew she was in deep trouble.
Mary knew she had to do something.
Mary knew she had nothing to lose.
Mary knew Tom was looking for her.
Mary just does what she has to do.
Mary isn't very organized, is she?
Mary isn't still sleeping, is she?
Mary isn't like people say she is.
Mary isn't as stupid as she seems.
Mary isn't as stupid as she looks.
Mary is very talkative, isn't she?
Mary is very sure she can do that.
Mary is very outspoken, isn't she?
Mary is very observant, isn't she?
Mary is very impatient, isn't she?
Mary is very forgetful, isn't she?
Mary is very energetic, isn't she?
Mary is very efficient, isn't she?
Mary is very dedicated, isn't she?
Mary is very confident, isn't she?
Mary is very conceited, isn't she?
Mary is very ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is unsure what she should do.
Mary is trying to protect herself.
Mary is sure she needs to do that.
Mary is still swimming, isn't she?
Mary is really unlucky, isn't she?
Mary is really unhappy, isn't she?
Mary is really serious, isn't she?
Mary is really popular, isn't she?
Mary is really patient, isn't she?
Mary is really nervous, isn't she?
Mary is really jealous, isn't she?
Mary is quite talented, isn't she?
Mary is quite stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is quite sociable, isn't she?
Mary is quite gullible, isn't she?
Mary is quite eloquent, isn't she?
Mary is quite creative, isn't she?
Mary is quite careless, isn't she?
Mary is quite busy now, isn't she?
Mary is quick-tempered, isn't she?
Mary is pretty unhappy, isn't she?
Mary is pretty patient, isn't she?
Mary is pretty nervous, isn't she?
Mary is picky about what she eats.
Mary is perfect for me, isn't she?
Mary is never coming back, is she?
Mary is much older than she looks.
Mary is married to Tom, isn't she?
Mary is making herself a sandwich.
Mary is kind of famous, isn't she?
Mary is good at tennis, isn't she?
Mary is good at French, isn't she?
Mary is going to be OK, isn't she?
Mary is from Australia, isn't she?
Mary is feeling better, isn't she?
Mary is fairly popular, isn't she?
Mary is confident she can do that.
Mary is being truthful, isn't she?
Mary is being sensible, isn't she?
Mary is being reckless, isn't she?
Mary is absent because she's sick.
Mary is a troublemaker, isn't she?
Mary is a good teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a good student, isn't she?
Mary is a chiropractor, isn't she?
Mary introduced herself in French.
Mary introduced Tom to her mother.
Mary introduced Tom to her family.
Mary hopes that Tom will help her.
Mary hopes Tom won't laugh at her.
Mary herself might have done that.
Mary helped us out when she could.
Mary helped because she wanted to.
Mary hasn't left her room all day.
Mary has told me she wants to win.
Mary has shown us what she can do.
Mary has no idea what she's doing.
Mary has no idea how lucky she is.
Mary has never said she was sorry.
Mary has left, but she'll be back.
Mary has her work cut out for her.
Mary has friends who can help her.
Mary has done the best she can do.
Mary has denied that she did that.
Mary has decided she's had enough.
Mary has been unlucky, hasn't she?
Mary has been renovating her home.
Mary has a black dog, doesn't she?
Mary had to do everything herself.
Mary had breakfast all by herself.
Mary got everything she asked for.
Mary forced herself to stay alert.
Mary fixed the car all by herself.
Mary finished the work by herself.
Mary felt she had to do something.
Mary enjoyed herself at the party.
Mary doesn't think she'll do that.
Mary doesn't look like she's busy.
Mary doesn't look happy, does she?
Mary doesn't let her kids do that.
Mary doesn't let Tom get near her.
Mary doesn't know who stabbed her.
Mary doesn't express herself well.
Mary does what she says she'll do.
Mary does what Tom asks her to do.
Mary does that because she has to.
Mary does that a lot, doesn't she?
Mary does look tired, doesn't she?
Mary does look tense, doesn't she?
Mary does get around, doesn't she?
Mary does everything I ask her to.
Mary discussed her plans with Tom.
Mary didn't want to go by herself.
Mary didn't tell me this was hers.
Mary didn't tell Tom she was busy.
Mary didn't say when she'd return.
Mary didn't say anything, did she?
Mary didn't mention who she'd met.
Mary didn't let Tom drive her car.
Mary didn't have her phone on her.
Mary did what you asked her to do.
Mary did what we wanted her to do.
Mary did what she felt like doing.
Mary did what Tom asked her to do.
Mary did that while she was drunk.
Mary did that entirely on her own.
Mary did it the way I told her to.
Mary did her best to persuade Tom.
Mary did do what you said she did.
Mary did all she could do to help.
Mary decided not to go by herself.
Mary cut herself peeling an apple.
Mary couldn't get what she wanted.
Mary couldn't get home by herself.
Mary couldn't buy what she needed.
Mary could do anything she wanted.
Mary considers herself a pacifist.
Mary cleaned the house by herself.
Mary claims she's never done that.
Mary claimed she tried to do that.
Mary can't go anywhere by herself.
Mary can't do anything by herself.
Mary can tell Tom if she wants to.
Mary can take care of herself now.
Mary can go with you if she likes.
Mary can eat as much as she wants.
Mary can do anything she wants to.
Mary can blame no one but herself.
Mary called Tom when she got home.
Mary bought everything she wanted.
Mary bought everything she needed.
Mary began fixing herself a drink.
Mary ate half the cake by herself.
Mary ate breakfast all by herself.
Mary asked me to help her do that.
Mary asked me if I could help her.
Mary asked Tom to sit next to her.
Mary asked Tom to send her a copy.
Mary asked Tom to read it for her.
Mary asked Tom to leave her alone.
Mary asked Tom to do that for her.
Mary apologized for what she said.
Mary already regrets what she did.
Mary already knows what she'll do.
Mary allowed Tom to drive her car.
Mary admitted that she was lonely.
Mary admitted that she was guilty.
Mary admitted that she was afraid.
Mary admitted she doesn't do that.
Mary actually did that to herself.
Mary actually did that by herself.
Let's ask Mary if she can help us.
Let Mary watch whatever she wants.
Let Mary watch anything she wants.
Let Mary listen to what she wants.
Let Mary drink whatever she wants.
Let Mary drink anything she wants.
If Mary wants to do that, let her.
If Mary said she'd help, she will.
If I see Mary, I'll tell her that.
I'm sure Mary meant what she said.
I'm convinced Mary killed herself.
I'll tell Mary when she gets here.
I'll help Mary if she wants me to.
I'll help Mary get what she wants.
I'll help Mary get what she needs.
I'll give Mary whatever she wants.
I'll give Mary whatever she needs.
I'd help Mary if she wanted me to.
I wanted Mary to take me with her.
I want to ask Mary what she'll do.
I want Mary to do that by herself.
I used to wash Mary's car for her.
I told Mary to stay where she was.
I told Mary to do that by herself.
I told Mary I'd send her a letter.
I told Mary I'd make it up to her.
I saw Mary, but she didn't see me.
I need to ask Mary what she'll do.
I gave Mary the things she wanted.
I gave Mary everything she wanted.
I gave Mary everything she needed.
I don't think Mary killed herself.
I didn't buy Mary what she wanted.
I didn't buy Mary what she needed.
I asked Mary, but she didn't know.
I asked Mary why she wasn't happy.
I asked Mary why she liked Boston.
I asked Mary what she was reading.
How did Mary know she needed that?
Has Mary told Tom where she lives?
Give Mary whatever help she needs.
Give Mary everything she asks for.
Don't let Mary do that by herself.
Does Mary know we want her to win?
Didn't Mary tell you she knew Tom?
Did you return Mary's book to her?
Did you ask Mary why she was late?
Did you ask Mary why she did that?
Did you ask Mary where she'd been?
Did Mary tell you how she met Tom?
Did Mary say she'd stay in Boston?
Did Mary say she stayed in Boston?
Did Mary say she did that herself?
Did Mary really say she loved you?
Did Mary explain how she did that?
Call Mary and see what she thinks.
Ask Mary where she learned French.
Ask Mary when she'll go to Boston.
Ask Mary what she's doing tonight.
Ask Mary if she'll stay in Boston.
You should tell Mary she's wrong.
Why not ask Mary what she thinks?
Why doesn't Mary do that herself?
Why does Mary do that to herself?
Who told Mary she should hug Tom?
Who told Mary she should do that?
When did Mary say she was coming?
What does Mary think she's doing?
We'll let Mary speak for herself.
Tell Mary what she wants to hear.
Tell Mary I'll talk to her later.
Tell Mary I'll be picking her up.
No one in Mary's class likes her.
Mary's shoes are too big for her.
Mary's mom raised her by herself.
Mary's friends tried to help her.
Mary's friends couldn't help her.
Mary yelled as loud as she could.
Mary wouldn't do that, would she?
Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Mary would help us, wouldn't she?
Mary wondered what she should do.
Mary won't tell anyone, will she?
Mary won't let you guys help her.
Mary won't go camping by herself.
Mary wishes she'd waited for Tom.
Mary wishes she'd done that, too.
Mary wishes she hadn't done that.
Mary wished she hadn't said that.
Mary wished she hadn't done that.
Mary wished she had more friends.
Mary will wait for us, won't she?
Mary will eat when she gets home.
Mary will do that if you pay her.
Mary will come if you ask her to.
Mary went to the park by herself.
Mary was wrong and I told her so.
Mary was told she should do that.
Mary was told she has to do that.
Mary was shocked by what she saw.
Mary was scared to go by herself.
Mary was lucky she could do that.
Mary was dumped by her boyfriend.
Mary wants you to help her today.
Mary wants you to do her a favor.
Mary wants to talk to her lawyer.
Mary wants me to give her a loan.
Mary wants me to do that for her.
Mary wanted me to help her today.
Mary wanted me to do her a favor.
Mary wanted me to buy her a pony.
Mary wanted Tom to stay with her.
Mary wanted Tom to sing with her.
Mary visits Tom whenever she can.
Mary used to do that, didn't she?
Mary unlocked her car and got in.
Mary tried to get me to help her.
Mary tried to do that by herself.
Mary tried doing that by herself.
Mary took these pictures herself.
Mary told us she'd do that again.
Mary told me you agreed with her.
Mary told me that she's unafraid.
Mary told me that she's ticklish.
Mary told me that she's prepared.
Mary told me that she'd be alone.
Mary told me that she was unhurt.
Mary told me that she was sleepy.
Mary told me that she was single.
Mary told me that she was scared.
Mary told me that she was lonely.
Mary told me that she was hungry.
Mary told me that she was afraid.
Mary told me she's never met you.
Mary told me she'd never do that.
Mary told me she'd help Tom, too.
Mary told me she'd fly to Boston.
Mary told me she'd do that later.
Mary told me she'd do that again.
Mary told me she'd call tomorrow.
Mary told me she'd be right over.
Mary told me she'd be right back.
Mary told me she'd be ready soon.
Mary told me she wasn't ticklish.
Mary told me she wasn't prepared.
Mary told me she wasn't offended.
Mary told me she was very hungry.
Mary told me she was unimpressed.
Mary told me she was unconvinced.
Mary told me she was sympathetic.
Mary told me she was really busy.
Mary told me she was ready to go.
Mary told me she was over thirty.
Mary told me she was heartbroken.
Mary told me she was headed home.
Mary told me she was from Boston.
Mary told me she was feeling bad.
Mary told me she was embarrassed.
Mary told me she was discouraged.
Mary told me she was coming back.
Mary told me she wanted to leave.
Mary told me she wanted a lawyer.
Mary told me she used to be rich.
Mary told me she saw Tom tonight.
Mary told me she never said that.
Mary told me she needed our help.
Mary told me she liked the party.
Mary told me she liked the movie.
Mary told me she knows the rules.
Mary told me she knew what to do.
Mary told me she knew my brother.
Mary told me she knew how I felt.
Mary told me she hasn't seen Tom.
Mary told me she got there first.
Mary told me she found something.
Mary told me she didn't like Tom.
Mary told me she didn't know Tom.
Mary told me she didn't kiss Tom.
Mary told me she didn't eat pork.
Mary told me she didn't eat meat.
Mary told me she did that for us.
Mary told me she could handle it.
Mary told me not to wait for her.
Mary told Tom what she had to do.
Mary told Tom to sit next to her.
Mary told Tom that she'd do that.
Mary told Tom that she'd be late.
Mary told Tom that she was upset.
Mary told Tom that she was tired.
Mary told Tom that she was ready.
Mary told Tom that she was happy.
Mary told Tom that she was broke.
Mary told Tom that she was bored.
Mary told Tom that she was alone.
Mary told Tom that she loved him.
Mary told Tom that she felt sick.
Mary told Tom she wasn't married.
Mary told Tom she was interested.
Mary told Tom she studied French.
Mary told Tom she had to do that.
Mary told Tom she didn't do that.
Mary told Tom about her problems.
Mary thought she'd be safe there.
Mary thought she should help Tom.
Mary thought she had to help Tom.
Mary thought Tom was kidding her.
Mary thinks she's figured it out.
Mary thinks she knows what to do.
Mary thinks she knows the answer.
Mary thinks she knows everything.
Mary thinks she can probably win.
Mary thanked Tom for helping her.
Mary talked Tom into helping her.
Mary takes herself too seriously.
Mary swore she wouldn't tell Tom.
Mary still wants you to help her.
Mary still hopes she can do that.
Mary stayed as long as she could.
Mary sounded like she had a cold.
Mary slammed the door behind her.
Mary shut herself up in her room.
Mary should've done that herself.
Mary should tell Tom she's tired.
Mary should tell Tom she's sorry.
Mary shared her dessert with Tom.
Mary seldom does that by herself.
Mary seemed very sure of herself.
Mary says you talked her into it.
Mary says that she won't do that.
Mary says that she can't do that.
Mary says that she can swim well.
Mary says that Tom winked at her.
Mary says that Tom smiled at her.
Mary says she's tried everything.
Mary says she's never kissed Tom.
Mary says she's moving to Boston.
Mary says she's in love with Tom.
Mary says she's in a lot of pain.
Mary says she's good at swimming.
Mary says she's good at juggling.
Mary says she's good at baseball.
Mary says she's eager to do that.
Mary says she'll stay for dinner.
Mary says she'll quit doing that.
Mary says she'll need to do that.
Mary says she'll leave on Monday.
Mary says she'll keep doing that.
Mary says she'll have to do that.
Mary says she'll do that for you.
Mary says she'll do that for Tom.
Mary says she'll be busy tonight.
Mary says she would've paid more.
Mary says she won't speak French.
Mary says she won't ever do that.
Mary says she won't buy any beer.
Mary says she was born in Boston.
Mary says she wants to walk home.
Mary says she thinks she can win.
Mary says she saw something else.
Mary says she saw Tom doing that.
Mary says she regrets doing that.
Mary says she plays the recorder.
Mary says she needs a break, too.
Mary says she loves it in Boston.
Mary says she likes Chinese food.
Mary says she knows Tom will win.
Mary says she knows Tom will cry.
Mary says she intends to do that.
Mary says she hopes that you win.
Mary says she has to talk to Tom.
Mary says she has plenty of time.
Mary says she has a lot of money.
Mary says she followed the rules.
Mary says she feels the same way.
Mary says she expects Tom to win.
Mary says she doesn't want to go.
Mary says she doesn't feel tired.
Mary says she didn't see anybody.
Mary says she did that last week.
Mary says she can't speak French.
Mary says she believes in ghosts.
Mary said what she wanted to say.
Mary said that was fine with her.
Mary said that she'd like to win.
Mary said that she won't do that.
Mary said that she wasn't sleepy.
Mary said that she wasn't single.
Mary said that she wasn't scared.
Mary said that she wasn't hungry.
Mary said that she wasn't guilty.
Mary said that she wasn't amused.
Mary said that she wasn't afraid.
Mary said that she was very sick.
Mary said that she was very rich.
Mary said that she was very poor.
Mary said that she was very cold.
Mary said that she was very busy.
Mary said that she was unmarried.
Mary said that she was terrified.
Mary said that she was surprised.
Mary said that she was skeptical.
Mary said that she was satisfied.
Mary said that she was mortified.
Mary said that she was miserable.
Mary said that she was irritated.
Mary said that she was intrigued.
Mary said that she was impressed.
Mary said that she was exhausted.
Mary said that she was desperate.
Mary said that she was depressed.
Mary said that she was concerned.
Mary said that she likes to swim.
Mary said that she liked my hair.
Mary said that she hurt all over.
Mary said that she had been busy.
Mary said that she felt homesick.
Mary said that she can't do that.
Mary said that didn't bother her.
Mary said that Tom's dog bit her.
Mary said that Tom yelled at her.
Mary said that Tom told her that.
Mary said that Tom is her cousin.
Mary said she's sure Tom can win.
Mary said she's seen Tom do that.
Mary said she's ready to do that.
Mary said she's not in any hurry.
Mary said she's going to do that.
Mary said she's eating lunch now.
Mary said she's done that before.
Mary said she's been here before.
Mary said she's always done that.
Mary said she'll quit doing that.
Mary said she'll help us do that.
Mary said she'll do that for you.
Mary said she'll do that for Tom.
Mary said she'd unlikely do that.
Mary said she'd take care of Tom.
Mary said she'd retire this year.
Mary said she'd probably do that.
Mary said she'd only talk to you.
Mary said she'd only talk to Tom.
Mary said she'd like to see more.
Mary said she'd help Tom as well.
Mary said she'd get home by 2:30.
Mary said she'd do what we asked.
Mary said she'd do that tomorrow.
Mary said she'd do that if I did.
Mary said she'd do that for sure.
Mary said she'd do that for free.
Mary said she'd consider my idea.
Mary said she'd buy that for you.
Mary said she'd be happy to help.
Mary said she won't visit Boston.
Mary said she won't speak French.
Mary said she won't sing tonight.
Mary said she won't go to Boston.
Mary said she won't ever do that.
Mary said she wasn't mad anymore.
Mary said she wasn't from Boston.
Mary said she wasn't coming back.
Mary said she was ready to leave.
Mary said she was good at French.
Mary said she was getting sleepy.
Mary said she was getting hungry.
Mary said she was getting drowsy.
Mary said she was from Australia.
Mary said she was feeling hungry.
Mary said she was asked to leave.
Mary said she was a little tired.
Mary said she wants more details.
Mary said she wanted to kiss Tom.
Mary said she wanted to be early.
Mary said she thought I was lazy.
Mary said she thought I was dead.
Mary said she thinks she can win.
Mary said she thinks Tom can win.
Mary said she saw Tom doing that.
Mary said she regrets doing that.
Mary said she probably won't win.
Mary said she plans to go Monday.
Mary said she only did that once.
Mary said she might visit Boston.
Mary said she likes the ski, too.
Mary said she knows Tom's secret.
Mary said she knew you could win.
Mary said she knew the area well.
Mary said she knew that I'd come.
Mary said she knew she could win.
Mary said she isn't in any hurry.
Mary said she hopes Tom will win.
Mary said she heard Tom say that.
Mary said she had to talk to Tom.
Mary said she had to leave early.
Mary said she had a lot of money.
Mary said she had a good weekend.
Mary said she had a gift for Tom.
Mary said she got out of the way.
Mary said she felt sorry for Tom.
Mary said she felt a bit nervous.
Mary said she expects Tom to win.
Mary said she enjoyed doing that.
Mary said she enjoyed being here.
Mary said she disagreed with Tom.
Mary said she didn't know French.
Mary said she didn't have a plan.
Mary said she didn't feel hungry.
Mary said she did that on Monday.
Mary said she couldn't swim well.
Mary said she couldn't elaborate.
Mary said she could've done that.
Mary said she could probably win.
Mary said she can't speak French.
Mary said she believed in ghosts.
Mary said not to worry about her.
Mary said her son was a good kid.
Mary said her life was in danger.
Mary said Tom's dog bit her hand.
Mary said Tom's dog attacked her.
Mary risked her life to save Tom.
Mary regretted what she had done.
Mary refused to say what she did.
Mary really is stupid, isn't she?
Mary realized what she had to do.
Mary realized that she was wrong.
Mary realized she was in trouble.
Mary realized she should do that.
Mary realized she had to do that.
Mary rarely does that by herself.
Mary put her suitcase on her bed.
Mary promised that she'd do that.
Mary promised she'll check on it.
Mary promised she'd walk the dog.
Mary promised she'd quit smoking.
Mary promised she'd be back soon.
Mary promised me that she'd come.
Mary promised me she'd come back.
Mary pretty much kept to herself.
Mary pretended that she was sick.
Mary pretended she didn't see me.
Mary pretended she didn't see it.
Mary poured herself some whiskey.
Mary poured herself another beer.
Mary poured herself a cup of tea.
Mary polished her father's shoes.
Mary plans to go home by herself.
Mary plans to do that by herself.
Mary phoned just before she left.
Mary ought to talk to her lawyer.
Mary ought to do that by herself.
Mary opened her eyes and saw Tom.
Mary only did what she had to do.
Mary often writes to her parents.
Mary often goes there by herself.
Mary never took her eyes off Tom.
Mary never said she'd go with us.
Mary never has a pencil with her.
Mary never had a chance, did she?
Mary needs to talk to her lawyer.
Mary needs to go home by herself.
Mary needs to do that by herself.
Mary might go fishing by herself.
Mary meant exactly what she said.
Mary may have anything she wants.
Mary may do that if she wants to.
Mary made up her mind to do that.
Mary made up her mind right away.
Mary loved the book Tom gave her.
Mary loved Tom and Tom loved her.
Mary lost her temper and hit Tom.
Mary looks like she's interested.
Mary looks like she's having fun.
Mary looks like she's frustrated.
Mary looks like she's frightened.
Mary looks like she belongs here.
Mary looked like she wasn't busy.
Mary looked like she was worried.
Mary looked like she was unhappy.
Mary looked like she was shocked.
Mary looked like she was serious.
Mary looked like she was relaxed.
Mary looked like she was puzzled.
Mary looked like she was pleased.
Mary looked like she was nervous.
Mary looked like she was jealous.
Mary looked like she was healthy.
Mary looked like she was furious.
Mary looked like she was excited.
Mary looked like she was curious.
Mary looked like she was baffled.
Mary looked like she was anxious.
Mary looked like she was annoyed.
Mary looked like she needed help.
Mary looked like she always does.
Mary likes to talk about herself.
Mary likes to do that by herself.
Mary likes talking about herself.
Mary likes doing that by herself.
Mary lied about where she'd been.
Mary lent me her French textbook.
Mary left her phone in Tom's car.
Mary left her glasses in her car.
Mary lacks confidence in herself.
Mary knows where she can find me.
Mary knows what she's up against.
Mary knows what she wants to see.
Mary knows what she needs to buy.
Mary knows that I don't like her.
Mary knows she's partly to blame.
Mary knows she shouldn't do that.
Mary knows she shouldn't be here.
Mary knows she has to be patient.
Mary knows she can't be replaced.
Mary knows how to handle herself.
Mary knows how to defend herself.
Mary knows how to assert herself.
Mary knows how much you love her.
Mary knows her children need her.
Mary knows Tom is angry with her.
Mary knew what she did was wrong.
Mary knew that she'd be punished.
Mary knew that she could do that.
Mary knew she was going to be OK.
Mary knew she was being followed.
Mary knew she needed to help Tom.
Mary knew she could count on Tom.
Mary knew Tom was angry with her.
Mary killed herself last October.
Mary kept her opinion to herself.
Mary keeps saying she's innocent.
Mary just wanted Tom to like her.
Mary just did what she had to do.
Mary isn't where she wants to be.
Mary isn't very talented, is she?
Mary isn't very sociable, is she?
Mary isn't very reliable, is she?
Mary isn't very obedient, is she?
Mary isn't sure she can help Tom.
Mary isn't still at work, is she?
Mary isn't so dependable, is she?
Mary isn't going to help, is she?
Mary isn't at her desk right now.
Mary isn't as young as she looks.
Mary isn't as tough as she seems.
Mary isn't as tough as she looks.
Mary isn't as smart as she looks.
Mary isn't all that rich, is she?
Mary isn't all that poor, is she?
Mary is way older than she looks.
Mary is very thorough, isn't she?
Mary is very talented, isn't she?
Mary is very stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is very spirited, isn't she?
Mary is very reckless, isn't she?
Mary is very outgoing, isn't she?
Mary is very generous, isn't she?
Mary is very friendly, isn't she?
Mary is very creative, isn't she?
Mary is very careless, isn't she?
Mary is very busy now, isn't she?
Mary is very arrogant, isn't she?
Mary is very annoying, isn't she?
Mary is unpredictable, isn't she?
Mary is temperamental, isn't she?
Mary is talking to her roommates.
Mary is sure that she'll succeed.
Mary is sound asleep in her room.
Mary is really strong, isn't she?
Mary is really skinny, isn't she?
Mary is really hungry, isn't she?
Mary is quite patient, isn't she?
Mary is quite nervous, isn't she?
Mary is quite liberal, isn't she?
Mary is quite cynical, isn't she?
Mary is quite careful, isn't she?
Mary is quite anxious, isn't she?
Mary is proud of what she's done.
Mary is pretty skinny, isn't she?
Mary is positive she can do that.
Mary is opportunistic, isn't she?
Mary is now home with her family.
Mary is narrow-minded, isn't she?
Mary is much better than she was.
Mary is lucky she can still walk.
Mary is irresponsible, isn't she?
Mary is in your class, isn't she?
Mary is in Boston now, isn't she?
Mary is hurt, but she'll be fine.
Mary is going to do that herself.
Mary is getting ready, isn't she?
Mary is extremely shy, isn't she?
Mary is doing what she has to do.
Mary is doing everything she can.
Mary is conscientious, isn't she?
Mary is concentrating, isn't she?
Mary is being foolish, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of Tom, isn't she?
Mary is a team player, isn't she?
Mary is a good singer, isn't she?
Mary insisted that she was right.
Mary hid herself behind the tree.
Mary hid herself behind the door.
Mary helps anybody that asks her.
Mary has told me she can do that.
Mary has said she should do that.
Mary has said she has to do that.
Mary has had her house repainted.
Mary has done what she had to do.
Mary has done everything she can.
Mary has all the money she needs.
Mary handed her cellphone to Tom.
Mary had things she needed to do.
Mary had her leg bandaged by Tom.
Mary had burns all over her body.
Mary had a secret she was hiding.
Mary had Tom make her a sandwich.
Mary got hurt when she fell down.
Mary got exactly what she wanted.
Mary got Tom to polish her shoes.
Mary goes to school, doesn't she?
Mary gets along with her in-laws.
Mary gave Tom one of her guitars.
Mary found a job that she can do.
Mary felt herself getting hungry.
Mary fell down and hurt her knee.
Mary expresses herself very well.
Mary explained why she was there.
Mary explained her reasons to me.
Mary expects Tom to sit with her.
Mary doesn't talk much, does she?
Mary doesn't live here, does she?
Mary doesn't know why she's here.
Mary doesn't know what she'll do.
Mary doesn't know what she wants.
Mary doesn't greet her neighbors.
Mary doesn't believe she can win.
Mary does what she's asked to do.
Mary does want this, doesn't she?
Mary does that when she's sleepy.
Mary does that when she's hungry.
Mary does that in her spare time.
Mary does like jazz, doesn't she?
Mary does everything we tell her.
Mary does anything I tell her to.
Mary didn't want me to touch her.
Mary didn't want Tom to kiss her.
Mary didn't want Tom to hate her.
Mary didn't talk to Tom, did she?
Mary didn't say why she was late.
Mary didn't say why she did that.
Mary didn't say where she'd gone.
Mary didn't say where she'd been.
Mary didn't play tennis, did she?
Mary didn't know what she wanted.
Mary didn't how long she'd slept.
Mary didn't have what she needed.
Mary didn't have any cash on her.
Mary didn't do too badly herself.
Mary did what you told her to do.
Mary did what we asked her to do.
Mary did what she was told to do.
Mary did what she promised to do.
Mary did what Tom told her to do.
Mary did what I wanted her to do.
Mary did that whenever she could.
Mary did that when she was drunk.
Mary did that because she had to.
Mary did only what she had to do.
Mary did her homework by herself.
Mary did her best to protect Tom.
Mary did her best to comfort Tom.
Mary did exactly as she was told.
Mary depended on Tom to help her.
Mary decided she needed a change.
Mary couldn't make herself heard.
Mary couldn't look after herself.
Mary couldn't do what she wanted.
Mary couldn't do that, could she?
Mary couldn't do that by herself.
Mary could've hurt herself today.
Mary could've done it by herself.
Mary could quit if she wanted to.
Mary could do what she had to do.
Mary considers herself fortunate.
Mary cleaned her room in a hurry.
Mary claims she doesn't remember.
Mary claimed that she didn't cry.
Mary chuckled quietly to herself.
Mary can't swim like she used to.
Mary can't speak French, can she?
Mary can't do everything herself.
Mary can wear anything she wants.
Mary can take anything she wants.
Mary can speak French, can't she?
Mary can have whatever she wants.
Mary can have anything she wants.
Mary can do whatever she pleases.
Mary can do what she wants to do.
Mary can do that if she wants to.
Mary called to say she'd be late.
Mary burned herself on the stove.
Mary brushed her daughter's hair.
Mary blushed when Tom kissed her.
Mary believed that she could win.
Mary begged me to help her do it.
Mary began to whistle to herself.
Mary asked us to leave her alone.
Mary asked me to pay her a visit.
Mary asked me to do that for her.
Mary asked if she had to do that.
Mary asked Tom to drive her home.
Mary asked Tom to do her a favor.
Mary asked Tom to dance with her.
Mary asked Tom to call her later.
Mary asked Tom if she'd help her.
Mary apologized for what she did.
Mary always goes home by herself.
Mary always does that by herself.
Mary admitted that she'd hit Tom.
Mary admitted that she was wrong.
Mary admitted that she was tired.
Mary admitted that she was broke.
Mary admitted she was very tired.
Mary admitted she didn't do that.
Let Mary read whatever she wants.
Let Mary read anything she wants.
Let Mary have whatever she wants.
Let Mary have anything she wants.
Let Mary finish what she started.
Let Mary do what she wants to do.
It looks like Mary is by herself.
I've spoken to Mary and she's OK.
I'll tell Mary we'll pick her up.
I'll talk to Mary when she comes.
I'll ask Mary if she can help us.
I wonder why Mary killed herself.
I wish Mary would behave herself.
I want Mary to stay where she is.
I told Mary to handle it herself.
I told Mary she should calm down.
I told Mary I'd take care of her.
I told Mary I wanted her to quit.
I think Mary is enjoying herself.
I think Mary got home by herself.
I think Mary did that by herself.
I promised Mary I'd eat with her.
I packed Mary's suitcase for her.
I know Mary wants us to help her.
I asked Mary why she was unhappy.
I asked Mary where she was going.
I asked Mary what she was eating.
I asked Mary if she needed money.
How did Mary get you to help her?
How did Mary get Tom to help her?
Have you told Mary she's adopted?
Does Mary want me to go with her?
Does Mary think she'll stay long?
Does Mary know that you love her?
Does Mary know I want her to win?
Do you think Mary killed herself?
Did Mary say why she was leaving?
Did Mary say where she was going?
Did Mary know what she was doing?
Ask Mary what she wants to watch.
Ask Mary what she wants to drink.
Ask Mary if she wants to do that.
Ask Mary if she needs to do that.
Ask Mary if she can teach French.
Ask Mary if she can speak French.
Why didn't Mary tell me herself?
Why did Mary do that by herself?
Who told Mary she could do that?
Where did Mary meet her husband?
What did Mary say she was doing?
That's all Mary said she needed.
Tell me what Mary took with her.
Tell Mary we're waiting for her.
Tell Mary that I'm proud of her.
Tell Mary she shouldn't do that.
Tell Mary I'm coming to see her.
Tell Mary I want to talk to her.
Please give Mary what she needs.
Mary's husband left her in 2013.
Mary would help us if she could.
Mary would do that if she could.
Mary wished she'd never met Tom.
Mary will never forgive herself.
Mary will have to go by herself.
Mary will go fishing by herself.
Mary will do that if she has to.
Mary will come when she's ready.
Mary will be sorry she did that.
Mary will be happy she did that.
Mary was sitting all by herself.
Mary was in the room by herself.
Mary warmed herself by the fire.
Mary wants you to sing with her.
Mary wants to go, but she can't.
Mary wants somebody to help her.
Mary wants me to buy her a pony.
Mary tried her best to help Tom.
Mary told us she'd study French.
Mary told me why she left early.
Mary told me that she's thirsty.
Mary told me that she's starved.
Mary told me that she's retired.
Mary told me that she's puzzled.
Mary told me that she's pleased.
Mary told me that she's nervous.
Mary told me that she's jealous.
Mary told me that she'd help us.
Mary told me that she'd be late.
Mary told me that she'd be fair.
Mary told me that she was wrong.
Mary told me that she was upset.
Mary told me that she was tired.
Mary told me that she was tense.
Mary told me that she was sorry.
Mary told me that she was ready.
Mary told me that she was lucky.
Mary told me that she was happy.
Mary told me that she was early.
Mary told me that she was drunk.
Mary told me that she was dizzy.
Mary told me that she was broke.
Mary told me that she was bored.
Mary told me that she was angry.
Mary told me that she was alone.
Mary told me she'd wait and see.
Mary told me she'd vote for Tom.
Mary told me she'd visit Boston.
Mary told me she'd love to help.
Mary told me she'd look into it.
Mary told me she'd like to help.
Mary told me she'd go to Boston.
Mary told me she'd do that, too.
Mary told me she'd do that soon.
Mary told me she'd call me back.
Mary told me she'd call at 2:30.
Mary told me she'd be back soon.
Mary told me she'd also do that.
Mary told me she won't marry me.
Mary told me she wasn't worried.
Mary told me she wasn't thirsty.
Mary told me she wasn't so sure.
Mary told me she wasn't nervous.
Mary told me she wasn't married.
Mary told me she wasn't injured.
Mary told me she wasn't in pain.
Mary told me she was very upset.
Mary told me she was very tired.
Mary told me she was very sorry.
Mary told me she was very happy.
Mary told me she was unemployed.
Mary told me she was suspicious.
Mary told me she was optimistic.
Mary told me she was interested.
Mary told me she was in a hurry.
Mary told me she was having fun.
Mary told me she was happy here.
Mary told me she was going home.
Mary told me she was frustrated.
Mary told me she was frightened.
Mary told me she was doing that.
Mary told me she was doing fine.
Mary told me she wanted to talk.
Mary told me she wanted to quit.
Mary told me she wanted to help.
Mary told me she wanted my help.
Mary told me she visited Boston.
Mary told me she studied French.
Mary told me she should do that.
Mary told me she plans on going.
Mary told me she owed Tom money.
Mary told me she never did that.
Mary told me she needed to talk.
Mary told me she needed my help.
Mary told me she needed a favor.
Mary told me she liked the idea.
Mary told me she liked swimming.
Mary told me she knew the rules.
Mary told me she had to do that.
Mary told me she had no regrets.
Mary told me she had a headache.
Mary told me she didn't see Tom.
Mary told me she didn't do that.
Mary told me she did that wrong.
Mary told me she could help Tom.
Mary told me about what she saw.
Mary told me Tom was her cousin.
Mary told Tom what she had done.
Mary told Tom that she was safe.
Mary told Tom that she was hurt.
Mary told Tom that she was full.
Mary told Tom that she was cold.
Mary told Tom that she was busy.
Mary told Tom she wasn't sleepy.
Mary told Tom she wasn't hungry.
Mary told Tom she wanted to win.
Mary told Tom she taught French.
Mary told Tom she had no choice.
Mary told Tom she could do that.
Mary told Tom her job was tough.
Mary told Tom about her new job.
Mary told Tom about her new car.
Mary threatened to kill herself.
Mary thought that she should go.
Mary thought that she might win.
Mary thought that Tom loved her.
Mary thought that Tom liked her.
Mary thought that Tom hated her.
Mary thought she'd be safe here.
Mary thought she should do that.
Mary thought she had to do that.
Mary thought she could help Tom.
Mary thought Tom would kiss her.
Mary thought Tom would help her.
Mary thinks she's related to me.
Mary thinks she's a good singer.
Mary thinks she's a good driver.
Mary thinks she should help Tom.
Mary thinks she has to help Tom.
Mary thanked Tom for saving her.
Mary takes good care of herself.
Mary swore she wouldn't do that.
Mary stopped what she was doing.
Mary still thinks Tom likes her.
Mary started talking to herself.
Mary speaks French, doesn't she?
Mary sounded like she was upset.
Mary sold her motorcycle to Tom.
Mary should tell Tom she's busy.
Mary should take her medication.
Mary seldom talks about herself.
Mary seems very sure of herself.
Mary seems very full of herself.
Mary says that she's just eaten.
Mary says that she never dreams.
Mary says that she didn't do it.
Mary says she's waiting for Tom.
Mary says she's studying French.
Mary says she's not ready to go.
Mary says she's never owned car.
Mary says she's never done that.
Mary says she's looking for Tom.
Mary says she's good at cooking.
Mary says she's going to resign.
Mary says she'll think about it.
Mary says she'll never go again.
Mary says she'll do that for me.
Mary says she'll call you later.
Mary says she'd love to do that.
Mary says she'd like to do that.
Mary says she won't get married.
Mary says she wasn't being paid.
Mary says she wants to meet you.
Mary says she wants to help you.
Mary says she wanted to do that.
Mary says she thinks we can win.
Mary says she shouldn't do that.
Mary says she needs another car.
Mary says she needed to do that.
Mary says she knows Tom can win.
Mary says she isn't ready to go.
Mary says she hopes Tom can win.
Mary says she heard Tom yawning.
Mary says she has nothing to do.
Mary says she has a stomachache.
Mary says she feels like crying.
Mary says she enjoys doing that.
Mary says she did nothing wrong.
Mary says she can't do that yet.
Mary says she can help us today.
Mary says she can do that today.
Mary saw Tom coming towards her.
Mary said you'd do that for her.
Mary said the decision was hers.
Mary said that she'd been wrong.
Mary said that she'd be on time.
Mary said that she wouldn't cry.
Mary said that she wasn't wrong.
Mary said that she wasn't tired.
Mary said that she wasn't sorry.
Mary said that she wasn't ready.
Mary said that she wasn't lucky.
Mary said that she wasn't happy.
Mary said that she wasn't drunk.
Mary said that she wasn't broke.
Mary said that she wasn't bored.
Mary said that she wasn't angry.
Mary said that she wasn't alone.
Mary said that she was very sad.
Mary said that she was very mad.
Mary said that she was unbiased.
Mary said that she was unafraid.
Mary said that she was troubled.
Mary said that she was ticklish.
Mary said that she was thrilled.
Mary said that she was so sorry.
Mary said that she was relieved.
Mary said that she was prepared.
Mary said that she was offended.
Mary said that she was mistaken.
Mary said that she was innocent.
Mary said that she was homesick.
Mary said that she was homeless.
Mary said that she was grateful.
Mary said that she was famished.
Mary said that she was divorced.
Mary said that she was confused.
Mary said that she spoke French.
Mary said that she liked skiing.
Mary said that she doesn't care.
Mary said that she didn't do it.
Mary said that Tom insulted her.
Mary said she's very happy here.
Mary said she's not ready to go.
Mary said she's never done that.
Mary said she's looking for Tom.
Mary said she's feeling nervous.
Mary said she's doing just fine.
Mary said she'll try to do that.
Mary said she'll do that for us.
Mary said she'll call you later.
Mary said she'd win and she did.
Mary said she'd take care of it.
Mary said she'd see me tomorrow.
Mary said she'd rather not swim.
Mary said she'd quit doing that.
Mary said she'd like to eat now.
Mary said she'd leave on Monday.
Mary said she'd help us do that.
Mary said she'd found something.
Mary said she'd do that herself.
Mary said she'd do that for you.
Mary said she'd do that for Tom.
Mary said she'd do that by 2:30.
Mary said she'd do that as well.
Mary said she'd come back later.
Mary said she'd be leaving soon.
Mary said she'd be here tonight.
Mary said she'd be here by 2:30.
Mary said she'd always love Tom.
Mary said she'd almost given up.
Mary said she wouldn't kiss Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't help Tom.
Mary said she wouldn't be there.
Mary said she wasn't interested.
Mary said she wasn't in a hurry.
Mary said she wasn't having fun.
Mary said she wasn't happy here.
Mary said she was very confused.
Mary said she was ready to talk.
Mary said she was going to work.
Mary said she was going to quit.
Mary said she was going to help.
Mary said she was getting tired.
Mary said she was feeling tired.
Mary said she was asked to help.
Mary said she wants to meet you.
Mary said she wanted to help us.
Mary said she wanted to go home.
Mary said she wanted to do that.
Mary said she wanted to do more.
Mary said she wanted to be here.
Mary said she wanted some money.
Mary said she wanted me to stop.
Mary said she wanted Tom to win.
Mary said she waited until 2:30.
Mary said she understood French.
Mary said she tried to kiss Tom.
Mary said she tried to help Tom.
Mary said she thought you'd win.
Mary said she shouldn't do that.
Mary said she saw Tom yesterday.
Mary said she never lied to Tom.
Mary said she needed to do that.
Mary said she needed more money.
Mary said she might not do that.
Mary said she knew who did that.
Mary said she knew how Tom felt.
Mary said she knew I was coming.
Mary said she isn't ready to go.
Mary said she hopes Tom can win.
Mary said she heard Tom's voice.
Mary said she heard Tom snoring.
Mary said she had to talk to me.
Mary said she had nowhere to go.
Mary said she had a slight cold.
Mary said she grew up in Boston.
Mary said she felt the same way.
Mary said she feels like crying.
Mary said she enjoys doing that.
Mary said she enjoyed the party.
Mary said she doesn't want this.
Mary said she doesn't feel well.
Mary said she didn't want to go.
Mary said she didn't have a job.
Mary said she didn't have a dog.
Mary said she didn't have a car.
Mary said she didn't feel tired.
Mary said she didn't drink wine.
Mary said she didn't believe it.
Mary said she did nothing wrong.
Mary said she couldn't help Tom.
Mary said she apologized to Tom.
Mary said no one could help her.
Mary said goodbye to her family.
Mary said Tom was her assistant.
Mary regrets doing what she did.
Mary read the book Tom gave her.
Mary rarely talks about herself.
Mary promised us she'd help Tom.
Mary promised she'd wait for us.
Mary promised she'd check on it.
Mary promised she won't do that.
Mary promised me that she'd win.
Mary promised Tom she'd do that.
Mary pretended she was sleeping.
Mary prepared supper by herself.
Mary prepared dinner by herself.
Mary often does that by herself.
Mary noticed Tom staring at her.
Mary noticed Tom looking at her.
Mary never told me she loved me.
Mary never does that on her own.
Mary never does that by herself.
Mary needs to stay where she is.
Mary needs somebody to help her.
Mary needed someone to help her.
Mary might want you to help her.
Mary may eat anything she wants.
Mary made you laugh, didn't she?
Mary made up her mind weeks ago.
Mary loves Tom and he loves her.
Mary lost sight of her daughter.
Mary lost all the money she had.
Mary looks pleased with herself.
Mary looks like she's terrified.
Mary looks like she's skeptical.
Mary looks like she's satisfied.
Mary looks like she's miserable.
Mary looks like she's irritated.
Mary looks like she's impressed.
Mary looks like she's exhausted.
Mary looks like she's disgusted.
Mary looks like she's depressed.
Mary looks like she's contented.
Mary looks like she just got up.
Mary looks like she has an idea.
Mary looks like she always does.
Mary looked like she was unhurt.
Mary looked like she was sleepy.
Mary looked like she was scared.
Mary looked like she was lonely.
Mary looked like she was hungry.
Mary looked like she was asleep.
Mary looked like she was amused.
Mary looked like she was afraid.
Mary locked herself in her room.
Mary lived there all by herself.
Mary likes to travel by herself.
Mary likes to swim, doesn't she?
Mary likes to hear herself talk.
Mary lied about how old she was.
Mary knows what she ought to do.
Mary knows what she needs to do.
Mary knows that she can do that.
Mary knows she ought to do that.
Mary knows she needs to do that.
Mary knows she can count on Tom.
Mary knew what she'd say to Tom.
Mary knew what she needed to do.
Mary knew that she had to hurry.
Mary knew that she couldn't win.
Mary knew she'd have to do that.
Mary knew she wouldn't be fired.
Mary knew she was being watched.
Mary knew she shouldn't do that.
Mary knew she needed to do that.
Mary knew more than she told us.
Mary kept the secret to herself.
Mary just couldn't help herself.
Mary isn't sure she can do that.
Mary isn't still hungry, is she?
Mary isn't still asleep, is she?
Mary isn't quite herself lately.
Mary isn't afraid of me, is she?
Mary is very unlucky, isn't she?
Mary is very unhappy, isn't she?
Mary is very shallow, isn't she?
Mary is very serious, isn't she?
Mary is very selfish, isn't she?
Mary is very popular, isn't she?
Mary is very patient, isn't she?
Mary is very nervous, isn't she?
Mary is very liberal, isn't she?
Mary is very helpful, isn't she?
Mary is very careful, isn't she?
Mary is unscrupulous, isn't she?
Mary is swimming now, isn't she?
Mary is sure she should do that.
Mary is sure she has to do that.
Mary is studying now, isn't she?
Mary is stronger than she looks.
Mary is still where we left her.
Mary is still unsure of herself.
Mary is still single, isn't she?
Mary is still hungry, isn't she?
Mary is still asleep, isn't she?
Mary is sick, so she can't come.
Mary is right where she belongs.
Mary is really tough, isn't she?
Mary is really smart, isn't she?
Mary is really sharp, isn't she?
Mary is really naive, isn't she?
Mary is really happy, isn't she?
Mary is really angry, isn't she?
Mary is quite strong, isn't she?
Mary is pretty smart, isn't she?
Mary is past caught up with her.
Mary is lucky that she can swim.
Mary is just talking to herself.
Mary is hoping she can help Tom.
Mary is grumpy today, isn't she?
Mary is good-looking, isn't she?
Mary is fairly sure she can win.
Mary is enthusiastic, isn't she?
Mary is cute when she does that.
Mary is conservative, isn't she?
Mary is being unfair, isn't she?
Mary is ashamed of what she did.
Mary is angry at you, isn't she?
Mary is afraid she'll get fired.
Mary is a lot of fun, isn't she?
Mary injured herself doing that.
Mary hurt herself when she fell.
Mary hurried back to her office.
Mary hopes that she can do that.
Mary hoped she'd be able to win.
Mary hired herself an assistant.
Mary herself told me this story.
Mary herself may have done that.
Mary helps anyone that asks her.
Mary helps anybody who asks her.
Mary helped herself to a cookie.
Mary heard Tom yelling her name.
Mary heard Tom calling her name.
Mary hasn't called you, has she?
Mary hasn't been herself lately.
Mary has woken up from her coma.
Mary has told me she'll do that.
Mary has to take her medication.
Mary has things she needs to do.
Mary has said she won't do that.
Mary has said she can't do that.
Mary has been lying, hasn't she?
Mary had to go there by herself.
Mary got rid of her old bicycle.
Mary got Tom to sit next to her.
Mary got Tom to do that for her.
Mary got Tom to accept her help.
Mary goes everywhere by herself.
Mary gave us everything she had.
Mary gave me everything she had.
Mary gave her sunglasses to Tom.
Mary gave her old camera to Tom.
Mary found the watch she'd lost.
Mary found a job that she likes.
Mary fell down and hurt herself.
Mary explained why she was late.
Mary explained why she did that.
Mary expects Tom to forgive her.
Mary dried herself with a towel.
Mary dragged herself out of bed.
Mary doesn't say much, does she?
Mary doesn't eat pork, does she?
Mary doesn't eat meat, does she?
Mary does whatever she wants to.
Mary does that whenever she can.
Mary does that when she's tired.
Mary does that when she's happy.
Mary does that when she's drunk.
Mary does anything I ask her to.
Mary didn't want me to kiss her.
Mary didn't want me to help her.
Mary didn't think Tom heard her.
Mary didn't like what she heard.
Mary didn't go there by herself.
Mary didn't get what she wanted.
Mary didn't get what she needed.
Mary didn't buy what she needed.
Mary did what we told her to do.
Mary did what she said she'd do.
Mary did what she planned to do.
Mary did what she had been told.
Mary did what she could to help.
Mary did what I asked her to do.
Mary did that again, didn't she?
Mary did her best to ignore Tom.
Mary denies that she left early.
Mary denied that she left early.
Mary decided that she'd do that.
Mary decided she had had enough.
Mary couldn't get her gloves on.
Mary could do that if she tried.
Mary cooked herself a good meal.
Mary closed the door behind her.
Mary claims that she's innocent.
Mary claims she never said that.
Mary claimed she didn't do that.
Mary claimed Tom owed her money.
Mary can't take care of herself.
Mary can't stay here by herself.
Mary can't do it all by herself.
Mary can sit wherever she likes.
Mary can say whatever she wants.
Mary can now do that by herself.
Mary can handle that by herself.
Mary can eat anything she wants.
Mary can do that by herself now.
Mary can buy whatever she wants.
Mary came to ask us to help her.
Mary built the doghouse herself.
Mary bought herself a sport car.
Mary believes she could do that.
Mary believed what Tom told her.
Mary ate the apple you gave her.
Mary ate the apple Tom gave her.
Mary assured us she'd cooperate.
Mary asked if she could do that.
Mary asked Tom to join her team.
Mary asked Tom to come with her.
Mary asked Tom if she loved her.
Mary asked Tom if he'd help her.
Mary armed herself with a knife.
Mary always talks about herself.
Mary always gets what she wants.
Mary admitted that she was lazy.
Mary admitted that she was cold.
Mary admitted that she did that.
Mary admits she often does that.
Let's hope Mary behaves herself.
Let's ask Mary why she was late.
Let Mary eat whatever she wants.
Let Mary eat anything she wants.
Let Mary buy whatever she wants.
Let Mary buy anything she wants.
If Mary wants to leave, she can.
If Mary wants to drive, let her.
I'll find Mary and let her know.
I wonder if Mary killed herself.
I told Mary Tom didn't like her.
I told Mary I'd do that for her.
I think Mary said she'd be back.
I polished Mary's shoes for her.
I made Mary go there by herself.
I hope Mary is behaving herself.
I encouraged Mary to be herself.
I asked Mary why she was crying.
I asked Mary what she'd suggest.
I asked Mary what she was doing.
Don't let Mary do it by herself.
Does Mary think she can do that?
Does Mary look like she's happy?
Does Mary know what she's doing?
Does Mary ever hug her children?
Did Mary say where she did that?
Did Mary say when she'd do that?
Did Mary say when she'd be here?
Did Mary say she'd visit Boston?
Did Mary say she'd go to Boston?
Did Mary say she went to Boston?
Did Mary say she had to do that?
Did Mary say she didn't do that?
Did Mary look like she was busy?
Ask Mary why she needs the rope.
Ask Mary where she put her keys.
Ask Mary if she'll go to Boston.
"Is Mary well?" "No, she isn't."
Who did Mary say gave her that?
Where's Mary when you need her?
Where's Mary when you need her.
When Mary saw me, she ran away.
What Mary saw made her unhappy.
What Mary saw made her nervous.
That's why Mary killed herself.
Tell Mary to stay where she is.
Tell Mary she ought to do that.
Tell Mary she needs to do that.
Tell Mary I'm sorry I hurt her.
Tell Mary I'll see her tonight.
Please ask Mary what she'll do.
Mary's mother told her a story.
Mary wrote the message herself.
Mary wrote a letter to herself.
Mary wished she had more money.
Mary will put her dog to sleep.
Mary will go skiing by herself.
Mary will die if she does that.
Mary will come if you call her.
Mary will be glad she did that.
Mary will ask Tom to marry her.
Mary went to Boston by herself.
Mary waved to everyone she saw.
Mary wasn't with her boyfriend.
Mary wasn't sure she could win.
Mary was nearly killed herself.
Mary was by herself in her car.
Mary wants you to wait for her.
Mary wants someone to love her.
Mary wants someone to help her.
Mary wants me to work with her.
Mary wanted to turn herself in.
Mary wanted to protect herself.
Mary wanted me to wait for her.
Mary wanted me to come get her.
Mary wanted Tom to be near her.
Mary walks her dog twice a day.
Mary vowed she'd never do that.
Mary tried to do it by herself.
Mary told us she couldn't help.
Mary told us she could do that.
Mary told me to meet her there.
Mary told me that she's sleepy.
Mary told me that she's scared.
Mary told me that she's lonely.
Mary told me that she's afraid.
Mary told me that she was sick.
Mary told me that she was safe.
Mary told me that she was rich.
Mary told me that she was poor.
Mary told me that she was next.
Mary told me that she was lost.
Mary told me that she was glad.
Mary told me that she was full.
Mary told me that she was free.
Mary told me that she was done.
Mary told me that she was cold.
Mary told me that she was busy.
Mary told me that she loves me.
Mary told me she'd wait for us.
Mary told me she'd talk to Tom.
Mary told me she'd sort it out.
Mary told me she wouldn't wait.
Mary told me she won't do that.
Mary told me she wasn't sleepy.
Mary told me she wasn't hungry.
Mary told me she wasn't coming.
Mary told me she wasn't afraid.
Mary told me she was very busy.
Mary told me she was skeptical.
Mary told me she was in Boston.
Mary told me she was exhausted.
Mary told me she was done, too.
Mary told me she was desperate.
Mary told me she was depressed.
Mary told me she was concerned.
Mary told me she was at school.
Mary told me she was an artist.
Mary told me she wanted to cry.
Mary told me she owed Tom $300.
Mary told me she never saw Tom.
Mary told me she might do that.
Mary told me she liked my idea.
Mary told me she felt offended.
Mary told me she didn't get it.
Mary told me she couldn't walk.
Mary told me she couldn't wait.
Mary told me she could help us.
Mary told me she could do that.
Mary told me she believed that.
Mary told me not to follow her.
Mary told Tom why she was late.
Mary told Tom that she felt OK.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't win.
Mary told Tom she wouldn't cry.
Mary told Tom she wasn't tired.
Mary told Tom she wasn't happy.
Mary told Tom she was a doctor.
Mary told Tom she spoke French.
Mary told Tom her phone number.
Mary told Tom about her family.
Mary thought she could help us.
Mary thought she could do that.
Mary thinks she's good-looking.
Mary thinks she should do that.
Mary taught herself how to ski.
Mary swore she'd never do that.
Mary swears she didn't do that.
Mary struggled to free herself.
Mary still can't find her keys.
Mary stayed at home by herself.
Mary spilled wine on her shirt.
Mary spilled soup on her shirt.
Mary spilled coffee on herself.
Mary sold everything she owned.
Mary sold Tom her old clarinet.
Mary showed Tom her new tattoo.
Mary should talk to her lawyer.
Mary should do that by herself.
Mary shot herself this morning.
Mary says that she's very rich.
Mary says that she's very busy.
Mary says that she plans to go.
Mary says she's not sleepy yet.
Mary says she's not interested.
Mary says she's not hungry yet.
Mary says she's not happy here.
Mary says she's heard you sing.
Mary says she's had a hard day.
Mary says she's good at French.
Mary says she's getting hungry.
Mary says she's been to Boston.
Mary says she'll never give up.
Mary says she'll never do that.
Mary says she'll help us today.
Mary says she'll give it a try.
Mary says she'll do that today.
Mary says she'll do that later.
Mary says she'll do that again.
Mary says she'll come tomorrow.
Mary says she'll be a bit late.
Mary says she'd rather go home.
Mary says she'd never kiss Tom.
Mary says she wouldn't do that.
Mary says she wants to help us.
Mary says she wants to do that.
Mary says she still needs help.
Mary says she plans to do that.
Mary says she ought to do that.
Mary says she needs to do that.
Mary says she needs time alone.
Mary says she misses Tom a lot.
Mary says she likes to do that.
Mary says she likes doing that.
Mary says she isn't sleepy yet.
Mary says she isn't hungry yet.
Mary says she dreams in French.
Mary says she doesn't like Tom.
Mary says she doesn't know Tom.
Mary says she doesn't ever win.
Mary says she can fix anything.
Mary saw herself in the mirror.
Mary saw Tom before he saw her.
Mary sat at the bar by herself.
Mary said you told her to wait.
Mary said this belonged to her.
Mary said that's fine with her.
Mary said that she wasn't sick.
Mary said that she wasn't rich.
Mary said that she wasn't hurt.
Mary said that she wasn't free.
Mary said that she wasn't done.
Mary said that she wasn't cold.
Mary said that she wasn't busy.
Mary said that she was worried.
Mary said that she was unlucky.
Mary said that she was unhappy.
Mary said that she was thirsty.
Mary said that she was stunned.
Mary said that she was starved.
Mary said that she was shocked.
Mary said that she was serious.
Mary said that she was retired.
Mary said that she was relaxed.
Mary said that she was puzzled.
Mary said that she was psychic.
Mary said that she was psyched.
Mary said that she was pleased.
Mary said that she was nervous.
Mary said that she was married.
Mary said that she was jealous.
Mary said that she was healthy.
Mary said that she was furious.
Mary said that she was excited.
Mary said that she was dubious.
Mary said that she was curious.
Mary said that she was baffled.
Mary said that she was annoyed.
Mary said that she was adopted.
Mary said that she didn't know.
Mary said that Tom slapped her.
Mary said that Tom punched her.
Mary said she's ready to leave.
Mary said she's not yet thirty.
Mary said she's not sleepy yet.
Mary said she's not doing that.
Mary said she's doing that now.
Mary said she's been to Boston.
Mary said she'll never do that.
Mary said she'll do that later.
Mary said she'll check into it.
Mary said she'd try to do that.
Mary said she'd try doing that.
Mary said she'd think about it.
Mary said she'd rather go home.
Mary said she'd never leave me.
Mary said she'd likely do that.
Mary said she'd do that for us.
Mary said she'd do that for me.
Mary said she'd definitely win.
Mary said she'd call you later.
Mary said she'd be coming back.
Mary said she wouldn't help me.
Mary said she wouldn't do that.
Mary said she wasn't surprised.
Mary said she wasn't in Boston.
Mary said she wasn't convinced.
Mary said she wasn't concerned.
Mary said she was going to win.
Mary said she was disappointed.
Mary said she was all worn out.
Mary said she wants to do that.
Mary said she wanted a new car.
Mary said she tried to do that.
Mary said she sold Tom her car.
Mary said she prefers red wine.
Mary said she plans to do that.
Mary said she ought to do that.
Mary said she needs to do that.
Mary said she needed some cash.
Mary said she needed more time.
Mary said she likes to do that.
Mary said she likes doing that.
Mary said she liked to do that.
Mary said she liked doing that.
Mary said she isn't thirty yet.
Mary said she isn't sleepy yet.
Mary said she heard Tom scream.
Mary said she heard Tom crying.
Mary said she hasn't done that.
Mary said she had to work late.
Mary said she had to walk home.
Mary said she had to stay home.
Mary said she had a job for me.
Mary said she forgot something.
Mary said she felt no pressure.
Mary said she felt like crying.
Mary said she enjoyed the view.
Mary said she enjoyed the show.
Mary said she doesn't know Tom.
Mary said she doesn't eat pork.
Mary said she doesn't eat meat.
Mary said she didn't like dogs.
Mary said she didn't like cats.
Mary said she didn't like beer.
Mary said she didn't know this.
Mary said she didn't feel well.
Mary said she didn't feel safe.
Mary said she didn't feel cold.
Mary said she did that in 2013.
Mary said she did that for you.
Mary said she did that for Tom.
Mary said she did that already.
Mary said she couldn't help me.
Mary said she couldn't do that.
Mary said she couldn't breathe.
Mary said she ate way too much.
Mary said she appreciated that.
Mary said she already did that.
Mary said it didn't bother her.
Mary regrets that she did that.
Mary really is good, isn't she?
Mary realized she wasn't alone.
Mary realized she had to leave.
Mary put her bag on Tom's desk.
Mary promised she'd be on time.
Mary promised she wouldn't cry.
Mary promised me she'd do that.
Mary pretended she didn't care.
Mary poured water over herself.
Mary poured herself some water.
Mary pointed her finger at Tom.
Mary plans on going by herself.
Mary persuaded Tom to help her.
Mary often contradicts herself.
Mary needs to get over herself.
Mary needed to change her plan.
Mary nearly got herself killed.
Mary motioned me to follow her.
Mary might ask you to help her.
Mary met her husband in Boston.
Mary may leave if she wants to.
Mary may go wherever she wants.
Mary may go fishing by herself.
Mary may go anywhere she likes.
Mary may do whatever she wants.
Mary may do whatever she likes.
Mary made herself a cup of tea.
Mary lost everything she owned.
Mary looks sleepy, doesn't she?
Mary looks like she's sleeping.
Mary looks like she's relieved.
Mary looks like she's prepared.
Mary looks like she's finished.
Mary looks like she's confused.
Mary looked like she was upset.
Mary looked like she was tired.
Mary looked like she was tense.
Mary looked like she was sorry.
Mary looked like she was ready.
Mary looked like she was happy.
Mary looked like she was drunk.
Mary looked like she was dizzy.
Mary looked like she was bored.
Mary looked like she was awake.
Mary looked like she was angry.
Mary looked like she was alone.
Mary looked like she was alive.
Mary looked like she might cry.
Mary locked her bike to a tree.
Mary lives here all by herself.
Mary likes Boston, doesn't she?
Mary let herself in with a key.
Mary let Tom drive her new car.
Mary left because she was sick.
Mary left as soon as she could.
Mary knows what she has to buy.
Mary knows she's said too much.
Mary knows she's being watched.
Mary knows she's being lied to.
Mary knows she has to be ready.
Mary knows how much I love her.
Mary knew why nobody liked her.
Mary knew what she ought to do.
Mary knew that she could do it.
Mary knew she was going to win.
Mary knew she had to apologize.
Mary knew she couldn't do that.
Mary knew Tom was lying to her.
Mary kissed me before she left.
Mary killed herself last night.
Mary killed herself in October.
Mary just told me what she did.
Mary just told me she loved me.
Mary isn't where she should be.
Mary isn't what she used to be.
Mary isn't wearing her uniform.
Mary isn't very strong, is she?
Mary isn't very bright, is she?
Mary isn't sure why she's here.
Mary isn't sure what she'll do.
Mary isn't quite herself today.
Mary isn't coming back, is she?
Mary isn't as old as she seems.
Mary isn't as old as she looks.
Mary is your friend, isn't she?
Mary is your cousin, isn't she?
Mary is younger than she looks.
Mary is very untidy, isn't she?
Mary is very touchy, isn't she?
Mary is very strong, isn't she?
Mary is very skinny, isn't she?
Mary is very greedy, isn't she?
Mary is very driven, isn't she?
Mary is very crafty, isn't she?
Mary is trustworthy, isn't she?
Mary is tougher than she looks.
Mary is sympathetic, isn't she?
Mary is still there, isn't she?
Mary is still alive, isn't she?
Mary is spontaneous, isn't she?
Mary is smarter than she looks.
Mary is resourceful, isn't she?
Mary is really rich, isn't she?
Mary is really fast, isn't she?
Mary is really busy, isn't she?
Mary is quite timid, isn't she?
Mary is quite smart, isn't she?
Mary is quite short, isn't she?
Mary is quite sharp, isn't she?
Mary is quite naive, isn't she?
Mary is quite crazy, isn't she?
Mary is quite bossy, isn't she?
Mary is quite angry, isn't she?
Mary is pretty ugly, isn't she?
Mary is pretty rich, isn't she?
Mary is pessimistic, isn't she?
Mary is open-minded, isn't she?
Mary is kind of old, isn't she?
Mary is interfering, isn't she?
Mary is interesting, isn't she?
Mary is incompetent, isn't she?
Mary is in her room, isn't she?
Mary is hoping you'll help her.
Mary is hoping she can do that.
Mary is happy with her new job.
Mary is from Boston, isn't she?
Mary is fairly rich, isn't she?
Mary is extroverted, isn't she?
Mary is experienced, isn't she?
Mary is doing the best she can.
Mary is considerate, isn't she?
Mary is competitive, isn't she?
Mary is coming here, isn't she?
Mary is celebrating, isn't she?
Mary is being vague, isn't she?
Mary is being silly, isn't she?
Mary is back where she belongs.
Mary is angry at me, isn't she?
Mary is always blaming herself.
Mary is afraid she'll get lost.
Mary introduced herself to Tom.
Mary hurt herself this morning.
Mary hit Tom with her umbrella.
Mary hid herself under the bed.
Mary helps out any way she can.
Mary helps anyone who asks her.
Mary heard someone calling her.
Mary hasn't eaten yet, has she?
Mary has tried to kill herself.
Mary has told me she won't win.
Mary has told me she can't win.
Mary has to do that by herself.
Mary has only herself to blame.
Mary has done well for herself.
Mary has done the best she can.
Mary has done that, hasn't she?
Mary has been busy, hasn't she?
Mary has asked Tom to help her.
Mary hanged herself last night.
Mary handed Tom her cell phone.
Mary had to do that by herself.
Mary had no idea where she was.
Mary had everything she wanted.
Mary had Tom correct her essay.
Mary got everything she wanted.
Mary got everything she needed.
Mary got Tom to drive her home.
Mary gave all her money to Tom.
Mary gave Tom her phone number.
Mary gave Tom her home address.
Mary gave Tom all of her money.
Mary found herself alone again.
Mary forced herself to do that.
Mary figured she could do that.
Mary expressed herself clearly.
Mary exposed herself to danger.
Mary explained her plan to Tom.
Mary ended up going by herself.
Mary doesn't think she'll lose.
Mary doesn't think she can win.
Mary doesn't seem like herself.
Mary doesn't like her new sofa.
Mary doesn't know who shot her.
Mary doesn't know where she is.
Mary doesn't do that, does she?
Mary doesn't do much, does she?
Mary does what she can to help.
Mary didn't say where she went.
Mary didn't mean what she said.
Mary didn't make herself clear.
Mary didn't know where she was.
Mary didn't know what she'd do.
Mary didn't do that on her own.
Mary didn't do that by herself.
Mary did what she wanted to do.
Mary did what she needed to do.
Mary did what I told her to do.
Mary did the best she could do.
Mary did that for her children.
Mary did that against her will.
Mary did everything by herself.
Mary did all she could to help.
Mary couldn't do it by herself.
Mary could buy what she needed.
Mary convinced Tom to help her.
Mary claims she didn't do that.
Mary claimed she wasn't guilty.
Mary claimed she wasn't afraid.
Mary claimed she could do that.
Mary caught Tom staring at her.
Mary caught Tom looking at her.
Mary can't help the way she is.
Mary can't get home by herself.
Mary can leave if she wants to.
Mary can go wherever she likes.
Mary can go whenever she likes.
Mary can do anything she wants.
Mary bought a beer for herself.
Mary believes that she can win.
Mary begged Tom to forgive her.
Mary attempted to kill herself.
Mary asked me to meet her here.
Mary asked Tom to wait for her.
Mary always thinks she's right.
Mary always said she was lucky.
Mary always puts herself first.
Mary actually did that herself.
Mary acts like she's exhausted.
Mary acted like she was afraid.
Mary accidentally shot herself.
Let's ask Mary what she thinks.
Let Mary do whatever she wants.
Let Mary do anything she wants.
If Mary goes, I'll go with her.
I'll ask Mary why she did that.
I'll ask Mary how she did that.
I told Mary what she had to do.
I told Mary she was in trouble.
I told Mary she made a mistake.
I saw Mary try to kill herself.
I heard that Mary shot herself.
I gave Mary what she asked for.
I asked Mary what she'd advise.
I asked Mary to clean her room.
I asked Mary to behave herself.
I asked Mary if she understood.
I asked Mary how she'd do that.
How old was Mary when she died?
Has Mary finished her homework?
Does Mary put sugar in her tea?
Does Mary look like she's busy?
Does Mary know she was adopted?
Did Mary say why she was fired?
Did Mary say when she'd arrive?
Did Mary say she'd eat with us?
Did Mary let you drive her car?
Did Mary let Tom drive her car?
Did Mary go fishing by herself?
Could Mary get home by herself?
Ask Mary who taught her French.
Ask Mary when she'll come back.
Ask Mary what she wants to eat.
Ask Mary if she has to do that.
Are you sure her name was Mary?
Would Mary do that on her own?
Would Mary do that by herself?
Why is Mary selling her house?
Where did Mary say she'd gone?
What's Mary doing in her room?
That's all Mary said she'd do.
Tell Mary where she should go.
She told me her name was Mary.
Mary's children must miss her.
Mary wrote the letter herself.
Mary wouldn't change her mind.
Mary would never kill herself.
Mary worries about her weight.
Mary won't do that by herself.
Mary won't be there, will she?
Mary wished she hadn't looked.
Mary wished she had more time.
Mary will get home by herself.
Mary will do whatever she can.
Mary will be there, won't she?
Mary went back to her bedroom.
Mary wasn't sleeping, was she?
Mary was thirty when she died.
Mary was talking in her sleep.
Mary was simply doing her job.
Mary was afraid she'd be late.
Mary wants to live on her own.
Mary wants to improve herself.
Mary wants to call her lawyer.
Mary wants me to wait for her.
Mary wanted to wash her hands.
Mary walked her dog every day.
Mary walked back to her hotel.
Mary usually keeps to herself.
Mary unlocked her office door.
Mary turned on her flashlight.
Mary turned off her desk lamp.
Mary turned her flashlight on.
Mary tried to prepare herself.
Mary took off her muddy shoes.
Mary took off all her clothes.
Mary told us she wouldn't cry.
Mary told us she loved skiing.
Mary told me why she was late.
Mary told me why she did that.
Mary told me that she's upset.
Mary told me that she's tired.
Mary told me that she's ready.
Mary told me that she's broke.
Mary told me that she's bored.
Mary told me that she's alone.
Mary told me that she'd cried.
Mary told me that she was shy.
Mary told me that she was sad.
Mary told me that she was mad.
Mary told me she'd try to win.
Mary told me she'd look at it.
Mary told me she'd likely cry.
Mary told me she wouldn't win.
Mary told me she wouldn't cry.
Mary told me she wasn't upset.
Mary told me she wasn't tired.
Mary told me she wasn't sorry.
Mary told me she wasn't happy.
Mary told me she wasn't bored.
Mary told me she wasn't angry.
Mary told me she wasn't alone.
Mary told me she was worn out.
Mary told me she was unafraid.
Mary told me she was ticklish.
Mary told me she was prepared.
Mary told me she was mistaken.
Mary told me she was innocent.
Mary told me she was grateful.
Mary told me she was finished.
Mary told me she was confused.
Mary told me she was a doctor.
Mary told me she was Canadian.
Mary told me she wants to win.
Mary told me she wanted to go.
Mary told me she spoke French.
Mary told me she needed money.
Mary told me she isn't hungry.
Mary told me she had to leave.
Mary told me she had no money.
Mary told me she felt seasick.
Mary told me she didn't smoke.
Mary told me she didn't do it.
Mary told me she didn't agree.
Mary told me she could fix it.
Mary told me she believed Tom.
Mary told me she ate too much.
Mary told me it was her fault.
Mary told me about it herself.
Mary told Tom to wait for her.
Mary told Tom that she was OK.
Mary told Tom she wasn't busy.
Mary told Tom she was unhappy.
Mary told Tom she was thirsty.
Mary told Tom she was married.
Mary told Tom how old she was.
Mary thought Tom despised her.
Mary thought I'd let her down.
Mary thinks she's a good cook.
Mary thinks she could do that.
Mary thinks she can trust Tom.
Mary thinks highly of herself.
Mary thinks her leg is broken.
Mary swore she didn't do that.
Mary swears she won't do that.
Mary stopped taking her pills.
Mary sold her house last week.
Mary sold her house in Boston.
Mary slipped and hit her head.
Mary sleeps with her socks on.
Mary showed me what she meant.
Mary showed me her new guitar.
Mary showed Tom her new watch.
Mary showed Tom her new phone.
Mary should stay where she is.
Mary should pay what she owes.
Mary shot herself in the knee.
Mary shot herself in the head.
Mary shot herself in the foot.
Mary shared her lunch with me.
Mary shared her food with Tom.
Mary seldom counts her change.
Mary seemed to know her stuff.
Mary seemed OK when I saw her.
Mary says that she'll do that.
Mary says that she didn't win.
Mary says that she didn't cry.
Mary says that she can't help.
Mary says she's taught French.
Mary says she's not tired yet.
Mary says she's not concerned.
Mary says she's never met Tom.
Mary says she's learned a lot.
Mary says she's healthy again.
Mary says she's good at chess.
Mary says she'll do just that.
Mary says she'd rather not go.
Mary says she'd never do that.
Mary says she won't come back.
Mary says she wants to change.
Mary says she used to do that.
Mary says she understands Tom.
Mary says she saw Tom yawning.
Mary says she needs more time.
Mary says she isn't tired yet.
Mary says she isn't giving up.
Mary says she has a lot to do.
Mary says she doesn't do that.
Mary says she can't stay long.
Mary says she can write songs.
Mary says she can change that.
Mary saw her name on the list.
Mary said you were her friend.
Mary said that she'd be there.
Mary said that she'd be early.
Mary said that she wasn't sad.
Mary said that she wasn't mad.
Mary said that she was strong.
Mary said that she was sleepy.
Mary said that she was single.
Mary said that she was scared.
Mary said that she was lonely.
Mary said that she was hungry.
Mary said that she was eating.
Mary said that she was amused.
Mary said that she was afraid.
Mary said that she liked rain.
Mary said that she felt dizzy.
Mary said that she feels good.
Mary said that she didn't win.
Mary said that she didn't cry.
Mary said that Tom kissed her.
Mary said that Tom helped her.
Mary said she's ready to help.
Mary said she's never met Tom.
Mary said she's in Boston now.
Mary said she's been forgiven.
Mary said she'll visit Boston.
Mary said she'll do that soon.
Mary said she'd never seen it.
Mary said she'd never do that.
Mary said she'd leave at 2:30.
Mary said she'd help Tom, too.
Mary said she'd fly to Boston.
Mary said she'd do that later.
Mary said she'd do that again.
Mary said she'd do it herself.
Mary said she'd come tomorrow.
Mary said she'd call tomorrow.
Mary said she'd call Tom back.
Mary said she'd be right over.
Mary said she'd be right back.
Mary said she'd be ready soon.
Mary said she'd also help Tom.
Mary said she wasn't offended.
Mary said she wasn't Canadian.
Mary said she was ready to go.
Mary said she was over thirty.
Mary said she was from Boston.
Mary said she was feeling bad.
Mary said she was disoriented.
Mary said she was coming back.
Mary said she wants to retire.
Mary said she wanted to leave.
Mary said she wanted a lawyer.
Mary said she saw Tom tonight.
Mary said she needed our help.
Mary said she needed a change.
Mary said she may not do that.
Mary said she liked the party.
Mary said she liked the movie.
Mary said she knows the rules.
Mary said she knew who did it.
Mary said she knew what to do.
Mary said she knew how to win.
Mary said she knew how I felt.
Mary said she kept doing that.
Mary said she hated this book.
Mary said she hasn't seen Tom.
Mary said she had to help Tom.
Mary said she found something.
Mary said she didn't like Tom.
Mary said she didn't know why.
Mary said she didn't know Tom.
Mary said she didn't kiss Tom.
Mary said she didn't feel hot.
Mary said she didn't eat meat.
Mary said she did that for us.
Mary said she cried every day.
Mary said she cried all night.
Mary said she couldn't recall.
Mary said she could swim well.
Mary said she could handle it.
Mary said her hands were cold.
Mary said Tom wasn't her type.
Mary said Tom told her to lie.
Mary said Tom didn't like her.
Mary said I can ride with her.
Mary reminds me of her mother.
Mary refused to sign her name.
Mary really misses her family.
Mary realized she was trapped.
Mary ran away when she saw me.
Mary ran as fast as she could.
Mary put on her coat and left.
Mary put her seatbelt back on.
Mary put her hat on the table.
Mary put her hands in the air.
Mary promised that she'd help.
Mary promised that she'd come.
Mary promised that she'd call.
Mary promised she'll be there.
Mary pretended she was asleep.
Mary poured herself some milk.
Mary partially blames herself.
Mary parked in her usual spot.
Mary painted her bicycle blue.
Mary only cares about herself.
Mary only cared about herself.
Mary often lies about her age.
Mary never said she'd help us.
Mary never said she'd do that.
Mary never said she hated Tom.
Mary never got out of her car.
Mary needs to change her plan.
Mary must be proud of herself.
Mary might do that on her own.
Mary might do that by herself.
Mary may have to quit her job.
Mary may do that if she wants.
Mary may do that if she likes.
Mary made up her mind quickly.
Mary loved what she was doing.
Mary lost the key to her room.
Mary lost interest in her job.
Mary lost her French textbook.
Mary looks tired, doesn't she?
Mary looks like she's worried.
Mary looks like she's through.
Mary looks like she's serious.
Mary looks like she's puzzled.
Mary looks like she's nervous.
Mary looks like she's jealous.
Mary looks like she's in pain.
Mary looks like she's healthy.
Mary looks like she's furious.
Mary looks like she's excited.
Mary looks like she's dubious.
Mary looks like she's curious.
Mary looks like she's annoyed.
Mary looks like she might cry.
Mary looks like herself again.
Mary looks great, doesn't she?
Mary looked through her stuff.
Mary looked like she was warm.
Mary looked like she was sick.
Mary looked like she was hurt.
Mary looked like she was fine.
Mary looked like she was done.
Mary looked like she was dead.
Mary looked like she was cold.
Mary looked like she was busy.
Mary looked down at her shoes.
Mary lived alone with her dog.
Mary likes to keep to herself.
Mary likes music, doesn't she?
Mary liked what she was doing.
Mary let me borrow her gloves.
Mary left her umbrella behind.
Mary left her keys in the car.
Mary left her coat downstairs.
Mary left after she had lunch.
Mary leaned back in her chair.
Mary knows who killed her dog.
Mary knows what she should do.
Mary knows what she has to do.
Mary knows that she was wrong.
Mary knows that she can't win.
Mary knows that Tom loves her.
Mary knows that Tom likes her.
Mary knows that I lied to her.
Mary knows she's been lied to.
Mary knows she should do that.
Mary knows she made a mistake.
Mary knows she has to do that.
Mary knew she'd said too much.
Mary knew she should help Tom.
Mary knew she had to help Tom.
Mary knew she had a job to do.
Mary knew Tom didn't love her.
Mary knew Tom didn't like her.
Mary killed herself yesterday.
Mary killed herself in Boston.
Mary just needs to do her job.
Mary just finished her coffee.
Mary isn't with her boyfriend.
Mary isn't very smart, is she?
Mary isn't very happy, is she?
Mary is working in her office.
Mary is waiting for her check.
Mary is very young, isn't she?
Mary is very tense, isn't she?
Mary is very sure she can win.
Mary is very smart, isn't she?
Mary is very sharp, isn't she?
Mary is very proud of herself.
Mary is very proud of her son.
Mary is very naive, isn't she?
Mary is very funny, isn't she?
Mary is very angry, isn't she?
Mary is unsociable, isn't she?
Mary is unpleasant, isn't she?
Mary is unpacking her clothes.
Mary is unfriendly, isn't she?
Mary is uncultured, isn't she?
Mary is unassuming, isn't she?
Mary is trying to fix her car.
Mary is trying to do her best.
Mary is thoughtful, isn't she?
Mary is successful, isn't she?
Mary is staying at her aunt's.
Mary is similar to her mother.
Mary is really shy, isn't she?
Mary is really old, isn't she?
Mary is rather shy, isn't she?
Mary is quite ugly, isn't she?
Mary is quite thin, isn't she?
Mary is quite rude, isn't she?
Mary is quite rich, isn't she?
Mary is quite hard on herself.
Mary is quite good at her job.
Mary is proud of her students.
Mary is proud of her daughter.
Mary is proud of her children.
Mary is productive, isn't she?
Mary is principled, isn't she?
Mary is pretty shy, isn't she?
Mary is pretty old, isn't she?
Mary is prejudiced, isn't she?
Mary is possessive, isn't she?
Mary is playing with her toys.
Mary is playing her saxophone.
Mary is photogenic, isn't she?
Mary is persuasive, isn't she?
Mary is persistent, isn't she?
Mary is passionate, isn't she?
Mary is overweight, isn't she?
Mary is optimistic, isn't she?
Mary is now living by herself.
Mary is methodical, isn't she?
Mary is living by herself now.
Mary is in trouble, isn't she?
Mary is in her office waiting.
Mary is in her early thirties.
Mary is good at what she does.
Mary is going to kill herself.
Mary is going to hurt herself.
Mary is finally herself again.
Mary is fairly old, isn't she?
Mary is excited about her job.
Mary is doing that by herself.
Mary is doing fine on her own.
Mary is diplomatic, isn't she?
Mary is determined, isn't she?
Mary is dependable, isn't she?
Mary is courageous, isn't she?
Mary is convinced she's right.
Mary is contradicting herself.
Mary is confident she can win.
Mary is compulsive, isn't she?
Mary is bored out of her mind.
Mary is being rude, isn't she?
Mary is behind in her studies.
Mary is back in her apartment.
Mary is asleep in her bedroom.
Mary is as tall as her father.
Mary is already in her office.
Mary is aggressive, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of her own son.
Mary is a lot like her mother.
Mary is a bit like her mother.
Mary invited her friends over.
Mary invited Tom to her party.
Mary invited Tom to her house.
Mary introduced herself to me.
Mary intended to kill herself.
Mary hopes that her team wins.
Mary hoped Tom could help her.
Mary herself asked us to come.
Mary helped herself to coffee.
Mary hasn't paid her rent yet.
Mary hasn't done her homework.
Mary has told me she can swim.
Mary has outgrown her clothes.
Mary has her own life to live.
Mary has everything she wants.
Mary has everything she needs.
Mary has come out of her coma.
Mary has already sold her car.
Mary has a safe in her office.
Mary has a bruise on her face.
Mary had to think for herself.
Mary had to rewrite her essay.
Mary had the table to herself.
Mary had the place to herself.
Mary had her appendix removed.
Mary grows her own vegetables.
Mary grinned when she saw Tom.
Mary got something in her eye.
Mary got rid of her old books.
Mary got more than she needed.
Mary got lost on her way here.
Mary got herself another beer.
Mary gave me her phone number.
Mary forgot to wash her hands.
Mary forgot to renew her visa.
Mary forgot to file her taxes.
Mary fixed herself a cocktail.
Mary fed her dog table scraps.
Mary expected Tom to help her.
Mary excused herself and left.
Mary drove her kids to school.
Mary doesn't think she'll win.
Mary doesn't obey her parents.
Mary doesn't like her new job.
Mary does that when she's sad.
Mary died when she was thirty.
Mary didn't seem sad, did she?
Mary didn't say she'd do that.
Mary didn't like what she saw.
Mary didn't finish her dinner.
Mary didn't complain, did she?
Mary didn't call Tom, did she?
Mary didn't break her promise.
Mary did what she always does.
Mary did her best to help Tom.
Mary did everything she could.
Mary did as she said she'd do.
Mary denies that she did that.
Mary denied that she did that.
Mary defended herself bravely.
Mary cut herself with a knife.
Mary couldn't get in her room.
Mary could've gone by herself.
Mary could've broken her neck.
Mary could do it if she tried.
Mary considered herself lucky.
Mary claimed she was innocent.
Mary canceled her appointment.
Mary can't eat it all herself.
Mary can't do that on her own.
Mary can't do that by herself.
Mary can take care of herself.
Mary can stay if she wants to.
Mary can no longer do her job.
Mary can join us if she wants.
Mary can do that if she wants.
Mary can do that if she tries.
Mary can do that if she likes.
Mary broke her new smartphone.
Mary bought herself a sweater.
Mary believes she can do that.
Mary begged Tom to let her go.
Mary ate breakfast by herself.
Mary asked me to help her out.
Mary asked me to cut her hair.
Mary asked me if I'd help her.
Mary asked if she was invited.
Mary asked how she could help.
Mary asked for her money back.
Mary asked Tom to go with her.
Mary asked Tom to forgive her.
Mary asked Tom join her group.
Mary admitted she's done that.
Mary admitted she was nervous.
Mary admitted she let Tom win.
Let Mary watch what she wants.
Let Mary drink what she wants.
Is Mary cleaning her room now?
Is Mary aware of what she did?
I'll help Mary clean her room.
I'll ask Mary what she thinks.
I told Mary to wash her hands.
I told Mary to clean her room.
I told Mary that I'd help her.
I told Mary I agreed with her.
I think Mary is in her office.
I thanked Mary for her advice.
I helped Mary do her homework.
I help Mary with her homework.
I guess Mary changed her mind.
I can't leave Mary by herself.
I asked Mary why she did that.
I asked Mary where she's from.
I asked Mary where she'd gone.
I asked Mary where she'd been.
I asked Mary what she thought.
I asked Mary if she'd go, too.
Has Mary cleaned her room yet?
Does Mary think she can do it?
Does Mary think Tom likes her?
Did Mary say why she was here?
Did Mary say why she did that?
Did Mary say how she did that?
Did Mary have what she needed?
Could Mary do that by herself?
Ask Mary when she'll get here.
Ask Mary what she wants to do.
Ask Mary if she speaks French.
Ask Mary if she needs my help.
Are you sure her name is Mary?
Will Mary go home by herself?
Will Mary do that by herself?
Why didn't Mary come herself?
Why did Mary do what she did?
Why did Mary change her mind?
Why did Mary cancel her trip?
Who did Mary sell her car to?
When did Mary say she'd come?
What did Mary say she wanted?
What did Mary say she needed?
We're going to name her Mary.
We gave Mary what she wanted.
Tell Mary you want her to go.
Tell Mary what she should do.
Tell Mary she should do that.
Tell Mary she has to do that.
Tell Mary it's not her fault.
Mary's had her house painted.
Mary would stay if she could.
Mary works here, doesn't she?
Mary works for her uncle now.
Mary worked most of her life.
Mary won't do that, will she?
Mary won't be late, will she?
Mary will paint her car blue.
Mary will help us, won't she?
Mary will go, too, won't she?
Mary will get herself killed.
Mary will do that, won't she?
Mary will do that on her own.
Mary will do that if she can.
Mary will do that by herself.
Mary will be fine, won't she?
Mary went back to her office.
Mary went back into her room.
Mary wasn't serious, was she?
Mary wasn't enjoying herself.
Mary wasn't at home, was she?
Mary was wearing her new hat.
Mary was raised by her uncle.
Mary wants us to go with her.
Mary wants me to lie for her.
Mary tried to sell her house.
Mary tried to defend herself.
Mary took off her sunglasses.
Mary took off her headphones.
Mary took her sunglasses off.
Mary took her headphones off.
Mary took her dog to the vet.
Mary took her dog for a walk.
Mary told me where she lived.
Mary told me what she wanted.
Mary told me that she's well.
Mary told me that she's safe.
Mary told me that she's fine.
Mary told me that she's done.
Mary told me that she's cold.
Mary told me that she was OK.
Mary told me she'd walk home.
Mary told me she'd try again.
Mary told me she'd stay home.
Mary told me she'd been sick.
Mary told me she'd been busy.
Mary told me she wasn't sure.
Mary told me she wasn't sick.
Mary told me she wasn't busy.
Mary told me she was wounded.
Mary told me she was working.
Mary told me she was unlucky.
Mary told me she was unhappy.
Mary told me she was thirsty.
Mary told me she was starved.
Mary told me she was retired.
Mary told me she was puzzled.
Mary told me she was pleased.
Mary told me she was nervous.
Mary told me she was jealous.
Mary told me she was healthy.
Mary told me she was furious.
Mary told me she was excited.
Mary told me she was curious.
Mary told me she was at home.
Mary told me she was annoyed.
Mary told me she was adopted.
Mary told me she walked home.
Mary told me she plans to go.
Mary told me she may do that.
Mary told me she liked pizza.
Mary told me she felt hungry.
Mary told me she felt better.
Mary told me she didn't know.
Mary told me she could do it.
Mary told me about her plans.
Mary told Tom she'd help him.
Mary told Tom she was sleepy.
Mary told Tom she was hungry.
Mary told Tom she left early.
Mary told Tom she didn't win.
Mary told Tom she didn't cry.
Mary told Tom about her plan.
Mary thinks she can prove it.
Mary talked about her school.
Mary talked about her father.
Mary talked about her family.
Mary takes her job seriously.
Mary sure is full of herself.
Mary still hopes she can win.
Mary stayed there by herself.
Mary smiled when she saw Tom.
Mary slept with her shoes on.
Mary sleeps whenever she can.
Mary showed me her portfolio.
Mary showed Tom her passport.
Mary showed Tom her calendar.
Mary shouted that she was OK.
Mary shouldn't go by herself.
Mary should cancel her party.
Mary should be in her office.
Mary shot herself last night.
Mary shot herself in the leg.
Mary shared her soup with me.
Mary sent her picture to Tom.
Mary seems to know her stuff.
Mary says that she's met you.
Mary says that she's healthy.
Mary says that she won't win.
Mary says that she won't cry.
Mary says that she knows you.
Mary says that she does that.
Mary says she's still hungry.
Mary says she's really sorry.
Mary says she's not done yet.
Mary says she's lost her key.
Mary says she's disappointed.
Mary says she's already paid.
Mary says she'll wait for us.
Mary says she won't tell Tom.
Mary says she should do that.
Mary says she saw everything.
Mary says she saw Tom crying.
Mary says she plans on going.
Mary says she owes Tom money.
Mary says she never did that.
Mary says she needs it today.
Mary says she has to do that.
Mary says she has no regrets.
Mary says she has experience.
Mary says she had to do that.
Mary says she didn't hit Tom.
Mary says she didn't do that.
Mary says she can't eat nuts.
Mary says she can pay for it.
Mary says her left leg hurts.
Mary says I make her nervous.
Mary said that she'd help me.
Mary said that she'd do that.
Mary said that she'd be late.
Mary said that she was wrong.
Mary said that she was upset.
Mary said that she was tired.
Mary said that she was sorry.
Mary said that she was ready.
Mary said that she was naked.
Mary said that she was lucky.
Mary said that she was happy.
Mary said that she was drunk.
Mary said that she was broke.
Mary said that she was bored.
Mary said that she was angry.
Mary said that she was alone.
Mary said that she loved Tom.
Mary said that she hated Tom.
Mary said she's still afraid.
Mary said she's proud of Tom.
Mary said she's going to win.
Mary said she's glad you won.
Mary said she's glad to help.
Mary said she's feeling fine.
Mary said she'll talk to Tom.
Mary said she'd wait and see.
Mary said she'd vote for Tom.
Mary said she'd visit Boston.
Mary said she'd probably win.
Mary said she'd love to help.
Mary said she'd look into it.
Mary said she'd like to help.
Mary said she'd go to church.
Mary said she'd go to Boston.
Mary said she'd do that, too.
Mary said she'd do that soon.
Mary said she'd call me back.
Mary said she'd call at 2:30.
Mary said she'd be back soon.
Mary said she'd also do that.
Mary said she wouldn't do it.
Mary said she wouldn't dance.
Mary said she won't marry me.
Mary said she wasn't worried.
Mary said she wasn't thirsty.
Mary said she wasn't so sure.
Mary said she wasn't nervous.
Mary said she wasn't injured.
Mary said she wasn't in pain.
Mary said she wasn't at home.
Mary said she was very upset.
Mary said she was very tired.
Mary said she was very sorry.
Mary said she was very happy.
Mary said she was interested.
Mary said she was having fun.
Mary said she was happy here.
Mary said she was frustrated.
Mary said she was doing fine.
Mary said she wanted to talk.
Mary said she wanted to play.
Mary said she wanted to help.
Mary said she wanted my help.
Mary said she wanted answers.
Mary said she should do that.
Mary said she saw Tom crying.
Mary said she plans on going.
Mary said she owes Tom money.
Mary said she owed Tom money.
Mary said she never hurt Tom.
Mary said she never did that.
Mary said she needed a favor.
Mary said she likes the idea.
Mary said she likes swimming.
Mary said she liked the idea.
Mary said she knew the rules.
Mary said she has to do that.
Mary said she had to do that.
Mary said she had no regrets.
Mary said she had a headache.
Mary said she had a daughter.
Mary said she found her keys.
Mary said she didn't see Tom.
Mary said she didn't do that.
Mary said she did that wrong.
Mary said she couldn't do it.
Mary said she could help Tom.
Mary said it was on her desk.
Mary said her team would win.
Mary said Tom waited for her.
Mary said Tom saved her life.
Mary retired when she was 65.
Mary reported her car stolen.
Mary refused to pay her bill.
Mary quit her job last month.
Mary puts milk in her coffee.
Mary put the book in her bag.
Mary put sugar in her coffee.
Mary put her gun in the safe.
Mary promised to do her best.
Mary promised she'll do that.
Mary promised she'd help Tom.
Mary promised she'd be there.
Mary promised me she'd do it.
Mary plans to sell her house.
Mary pawned her wedding ring.
Mary parked behind her house.
Mary painted her bicycle red.
Mary needs to clean her room.
Mary must be in her thirties.
Mary misses her family a lot.
Mary minded her own business.
Mary might have lost her way.
Mary met Tom on her way home.
Mary may be in over her head.
Mary makes her own decisions.
Mary made herself a sandwich.
Mary made her position clear.
Mary loves me and I love her.
Mary lost her umbrella again.
Mary lost her job last month.
Mary lost her hotel room key.
Mary lost everything she had.
Mary lost control of her car.
Mary looks young for her age.
Mary looks older than she is.
Mary looks like she's sleepy.
Mary looks like she's scared.
Mary looks like she's lonely.
Mary looks like she's hungry.
Mary looks like she's asleep.
Mary looks like she's amused.
Mary looks like she's afraid.
Mary looks good, doesn't she?
Mary looks busy, doesn't she?
Mary looks as if she's angry.
Mary looked like she was mad.
Mary lied to you, didn't she?
Mary lied to protect herself.
Mary let me use her computer.
Mary let Tom play her guitar.
Mary lent her umbrella to me.
Mary lent her bicycle to Tom.
Mary left her ticket at home.
Mary left her hat in my room.
Mary laughs at her own jokes.
Mary laughed until she cried.
Mary knows where she belongs.
Mary knows she has no choice.
Mary knows she has a problem.
Mary knows she can do better.
Mary knows Tom is mad at her.
Mary knew what she was doing.
Mary knew what she had to do.
Mary knew that she'd be late.
Mary knew that she was dying.
Mary knew that she could win.
Mary knew that Tom loved her.
Mary knew she'd have to wait.
Mary knew she was in trouble.
Mary knew she should do that.
Mary knew she had to do that.
Mary knew Tom would help her.
Mary knew Tom was mad at her.
Mary keeps things to herself.
Mary keeps her gun in a safe.
Mary just got her braces off.
Mary just can't help herself.
Mary isn't very busy, is she?
Mary isn't too young, is she?
Mary is with her parents now.
Mary is very tidy, isn't she?
Mary is very tall, isn't she?
Mary is very sure of herself.
Mary is very rude, isn't she?
Mary is very rich, isn't she?
Mary is very late, isn't she?
Mary is very hard on herself.
Mary is very good at her job.
Mary is very fast, isn't she?
Mary is upstairs in her room.
Mary is tenacious, isn't she?
Mary is talkative, isn't she?
Mary is taking off her shoes.
Mary is sure that she'll win.
Mary is sure she can do that.
Mary is still in her pajamas.
Mary is sorry she got caught.
Mary is sleeping in her room.
Mary is shameless, isn't she?
Mary is sensitive, isn't she?
Mary is secretive, isn't she?
Mary is resilient, isn't she?
Mary is quite shy, isn't she?
Mary is quite old, isn't she?
Mary is putting on her shoes.
Mary is probably in her room.
Mary is practical, isn't she?
Mary is packing her suitcase.
Mary is outspoken, isn't she?
Mary is organized, isn't she?
Mary is on her way to Boston.
Mary is on her way back home.
Mary is on her way back here.
Mary is older than she looks.
Mary is obstinate, isn't she?
Mary is obsessive, isn't she?
Mary is observant, isn't she?
Mary is obnoxious, isn't she?
Mary is objective, isn't she?
Mary is motivated, isn't she?
Mary is lucky Tom helped her.
Mary is looking for her keys.
Mary is like her grandmother.
Mary is just like her sister.
Mary is in her room sleeping.
Mary is in her late thirties.
Mary is in Boston, isn't she?
Mary is impulsive, isn't she?
Mary is impatient, isn't she?
Mary is going to do her best.
Mary is forgetful, isn't she?
Mary is foolhardy, isn't she?
Mary is exuberant, isn't she?
Mary is energetic, isn't she?
Mary is efficient, isn't she?
Mary is easygoing, isn't she?
Mary is doing what she loves.
Mary is doing all she can do.
Mary is dishonest, isn't she?
Mary is dedicated, isn't she?
Mary is deceitful, isn't she?
Mary is confident, isn't she?
Mary is conceited, isn't she?
Mary is changing her clothes.
Mary is at school, isn't she?
Mary is an expert, isn't she?
Mary is ambitious, isn't she?
Mary is afraid of her father.
Mary is active in her church.
Mary is a teacher, isn't she?
Mary is a student, isn't she?
Mary is a redhead, isn't she?
Mary invited me to her party.
Mary invited me to her house.
Mary invited Tom to her home.
Mary intends to kill herself.
Mary hurt herself doing that.
Mary hoped she could do that.
Mary heard Tom call her name.
Mary hates eating by herself.
Mary hasn't changed her mind.
Mary has told me she can win.
Mary has to change her plans.
Mary has tattoos on her arms.
Mary has spent all her money.
Mary has said she'll do that.
Mary has overstayed her visa.
Mary has dyed her hair black.
Mary has called off her trip.
Mary has braces on her teeth.
Mary has been dying her hair.
Mary has a scar on her cheek.
Mary had the room to herself.
Mary had a bruise on her arm.
Mary had Tom do that for her.
Mary got shampoo in her eyes.
Mary got married, didn't she?
Mary got in her car and left.
Mary got home all by herself.
Mary gets anything she wants.
Mary gave her son a drum set.
Mary gave away all her money.
Mary gave Tom her old camera.
Mary fried herself some eggs.
Mary forgot to sign her name.
Mary forgot her own birthday.
Mary expresses herself badly.
Mary eats a lot, doesn't she?
Mary drove her car to Boston.
Mary drives her parents' car.
Mary dressed herself quickly.
Mary does whatever she wants.
Mary does things her own way.
Mary dislocated her shoulder.
Mary didn't take her hat off.
Mary didn't say why she went.
Mary didn't say what she did.
Mary didn't obey her parents.
Mary didn't let Tom kiss her.
Mary didn't know her parents.
Mary didn't do that, did she?
Mary didn't do it by herself.
Mary didn't change her plans.
Mary did the work by herself.
Mary did that until she died.
Mary did that for her sister.
Mary did that for her family.
Mary did that all by herself.
Mary did do that, didn't she?
Mary did all of her homework.
Mary decided to sell her car.
Mary decided to quit her job.
Mary couldn't defend herself.
Mary claimed she's done that.
Mary claimed she wasn't paid.
Mary can't tie her own shoes.
Mary can't do it all herself.
Mary can get home by herself.
Mary can barely pay her rent.
Mary bought herself a ticket.
Mary bought herself a camera.
Mary begged me to let her in.
Mary asked me if I liked her.
Mary asked if she could help.
Mary always gets her own way.
Mary almost lost her balance.
Mary admitted that she cried.
Mary admitted she was scared.
Mary admitted she was guilty.
Mary admitted she was afraid.
Mary admitted she left early.
Mary actually did it herself.
Let Mary read what she wants.
Let Mary have what she wants.
If you ask Mary, she'll help.
If Mary comes, give her this.
I told Mary to take her time.
I told Mary she was a coward.
I think Mary injured herself.
I saw Mary leaving her house.
I saw Mary before she saw me.
I promised Mary I'd help her.
I love Mary and she loves me.
I like Mary, but she's weird.
I know why Mary quit her job.
I hope Mary changes her mind.
I helped Mary unload her van.
I helped Mary clean her room.
I asked Mary why she was sad.
I asked Mary where she lived.
I asked Mary if she was busy.
I asked Mary if she knew Tom.
I asked Mary how she'd do it.
I asked Mary for her address.
How old did Mary say she was?
Give Mary whatever she wants.
Find Mary and bring her home.
Did Mary say what she wanted?
Did Mary say she was worried?
Did Mary really kill herself?
Ask Mary when she'll do that.
Ask Mary to bring her guitar.
When does Mary walk her dog?
When did Mary break her leg?
Tell Mary she has to get up.
Tell Mary I've got her keys.
Tell Mary I'll see her soon.
Tell Mary I want to see her.
Mary's family must miss her.
Mary's dangerous, isn't she?
Mary wrote about her family.
Mary won't let Tom kiss her.
Mary wishes she'd done that.
Mary wished she were taller.
Mary wished she had parents.
Mary whistled as she worked.
Mary went back to her hotel.
Mary wasn't so sure herself.
Mary was with her boyfriend.
Mary was talking to herself.
Mary was sure she could win.
Mary was just doing her job.
Mary was fired from her job.
Mary was ashamed of herself.
Mary was angry with herself.
Mary wanted Tom to love her.
Mary wanted Tom to like her.
Mary wanted Tom to kiss her.
Mary wanted Tom to help her.
Mary wanted Tom to call her.
Mary unbuckled her seatbelt.
Mary turned on her computer.
Mary tried to drown herself.
Mary took off her ski boots.
Mary took a sip of her milk.
Mary told us she could help.
Mary told us about her trip.
Mary told me what she wants.
Mary told me that she's shy.
Mary told me that she'd won.
Mary told me she'd help Tom.
Mary told me she'd call you.
Mary told me she'd be there.
Mary told me she wasn't mad.
Mary told me she was unhurt.
Mary told me she was thirty.
Mary told me she was sleepy.
Mary told me she was single.
Mary told me she was scared.
Mary told me she was lonely.
Mary told me she was hungry.
Mary told me she was afraid.
Mary told me she was a poet.
Mary told me she understood.
Mary told me she liked snow.
Mary told me she liked rain.
Mary told me she left early.
Mary told me she had a plan.
Mary told me she had a cold.
Mary told me she felt tired.
Mary told me she enjoyed it.
Mary told me she didn't win.
Mary told me she didn't cry.
Mary told me she called you.
Mary told me about her trip.
Mary told Tom she'd do that.
Mary told Tom she'd be back.
Mary told Tom she was tired.
Mary told Tom she was sorry.
Mary told Tom she loved him.
Mary told Tom she could win.
Mary tied her dog to a tree.
Mary thinks she's so clever.
Mary thinks she has the flu.
Mary thinks she can do that.
Mary swore she was innocent.
Mary swims well for her age.
Mary still lives by herself.
Mary stepped on her glasses.
Mary stayed with her father.
Mary stayed home by herself.
Mary sold her old car to me.
Mary sold her car last week.
Mary smiled when she saw me.
Mary showed me her schedule.
Mary should help her mother.
Mary should do that herself.
Mary set her alarm for 2:30.
Mary seemed sure of herself.
Mary seemed sad, didn't she?
Mary says that she's lonely.
Mary says that she's hungry.
Mary says that she did that.
Mary says she's very hungry.
Mary says she's ready to go.
Mary says she's not worried.
Mary says she's not thirsty.
Mary says she'll go with us.
Mary says she'll do nothing.
Mary says she'll correct it.
Mary says she'll be careful.
Mary says she'd love to win.
Mary says she'd like to win.
Mary says she won't help us.
Mary says she won't do that.
Mary says she wants to swim.
Mary says she talked to Tom.
Mary says she speaks French.
Mary says she owes Tom $300.
Mary says she misses Boston.
Mary says she met my father.
Mary says she loves us both.
Mary says she isn't worried.
Mary says she isn't thirsty.
Mary says she has no choice.
Mary says she doesn't snore.
Mary says she did just fine.
Mary says she can't do that.
Mary says she can afford it.
Mary saw that she was wrong.
Mary said that she was sick.
Mary said that she was safe.
Mary said that she was rich.
Mary said that she was poor.
Mary said that she was next.
Mary said that she was hurt.
Mary said that she was full.
Mary said that she was free.
Mary said that she was done.
Mary said that she was cold.
Mary said that she was busy.
Mary said that she loved me.
Mary said that she liked me.
Mary said that she did that.
Mary said she's very hungry.
Mary said she's unimpressed.
Mary said she's unconvinced.
Mary said she's sympathetic.
Mary said she's ready to go.
Mary said she's pessimistic.
Mary said she's not worried.
Mary said she's not thirsty.
Mary said she's heartbroken.
Mary said she's embarrassed.
Mary said she's discouraged.
Mary said she'll try to win.
Mary said she'll leave soon.
Mary said she'd write to us.
Mary said she'd wait for us.
Mary said she'd talk to Tom.
Mary said she'd sort it out.
Mary said she'd do it later.
Mary said she wouldn't wait.
Mary said she won't do that.
Mary said she wasn't thirty.
Mary said she wasn't sleepy.
Mary said she wasn't hungry.
Mary said she wasn't coming.
Mary said she was in Boston.
Mary said she was exhausted.
Mary said she was done, too.
Mary said she was at school.
Mary said she was an artist.
Mary said she wanted to win.
Mary said she wanted to cry.
Mary said she owes Tom $300.
Mary said she owed Tom $300.
Mary said she never saw Tom.
Mary said she might not win.
Mary said she might do that.
Mary said she liked my idea.
Mary said she isn't worried.
Mary said she felt the same.
Mary said she felt offended.
Mary said she felt nauseous.
Mary said she didn't get it.
Mary said she did just that.
Mary said she couldn't walk.
Mary said she couldn't wait.
Mary said she could take it.
Mary said she could help us.
Mary said she could do that.
Mary said she can't do that.
Mary said she can handle it.
Mary said she called police.
Mary said she believed that.
Mary said her job was tough.
Mary said her back was sore.
Mary said Tom's dog bit her.
Mary said Tom yelled at her.
Mary said Tom told her that.
Mary rolled her window down.
Mary rolled down her window.
Mary rode away on her horse.
Mary restarted her computer.
Mary regretted what she did.
Mary really knows her stuff.
Mary realized she was wrong.
Mary realized she was alone.
Mary quit her job yesterday.
Mary quit her job last week.
Mary put milk in her coffee.
Mary put her jacket back on.
Mary put her helmet back on.
Mary put her gloves back on.
Mary put her arm around Tom.
Mary promised she'd tell us.
Mary promised she'd help us.
Mary promised she'd do that.
Mary promised me she'd help.
Mary promised me she'd come.
Mary probably dyes her hair.
Mary pretended she was sick.
Mary poured herself a drink.
Mary plans to go by herself.
Mary painted her room white.
Mary often talks to herself.
Mary often plays by herself.
Mary often changes her mind.
Mary now lives with her mom.
Mary now lives with her dad.
Mary never swims by herself.
Mary never raises her voice.
Mary never knew her parents.
Mary needs to wash her face.
Mary named her puppy Cookie.
Mary mostly kept to herself.
Mary might be in her office.
Mary may go home by herself.
Mary may do that on her own.
Mary may do that by herself.
Mary made a fool of herself.
Mary lost her job on Monday.
Mary lost her boarding pass.
Mary looks like she's upset.
Mary looks like she's tired.
Mary looks like she's tense.
Mary looks like she's sorry.
Mary looks like she's ready.
Mary looks like she's happy.
Mary looks like she's drunk.
Mary looks like she's bored.
Mary looks like she's awake.
Mary looks like she's angry.
Mary looks like she's alone.
Mary looks good for her age.
Mary looks after her mother.
Mary looked like she was OK.
Mary looked for her glasses.
Mary lives with her parents.
Mary lived there by herself.
Mary likes to take her time.
Mary likes her school a lot.
Mary likes her coffee black.
Mary let Tom ride her horse.
Mary let Tom read her diary.
Mary lent her camera to Tom.
Mary left her phone at home.
Mary knows what she's doing.
Mary knows that she's right.
Mary knows that she's dying.
Mary knows she's in trouble.
Mary knows she has to do it.
Mary knew that she was safe.
Mary knew that she was lost.
Mary knew she'd be punished.
Mary knew she was in danger.
Mary knew she had no choice.
Mary knew she had a problem.
Mary knew she couldn't stay.
Mary kissed you, didn't she?
Mary killed herself in 2013.
Mary just does what she can.
Mary isn't tall for her age.
Mary isn't sure she's ready.
Mary isn't like her brother.
Mary isn't enjoying herself.
Mary is working at her desk.
Mary is very shy, isn't she?
Mary is very old, isn't she?
Mary is tolerant, isn't she?
Mary is tidying up her room.
Mary is thorough, isn't she?
Mary is talented, isn't she?
Mary is stuck-up, isn't she?
Mary is stubborn, isn't she?
Mary is still in her office.
Mary is spirited, isn't she?
Mary is sleeping, isn't she?
Mary is sleeping in her car.
Mary is sitting at her desk.
Mary is shameful, isn't she?
Mary is sensible, isn't she?
Mary is ruthless, isn't she?
Mary is romantic, isn't she?
Mary is reserved, isn't she?
Mary is renovating her home.
Mary is reliable, isn't she?
Mary is reckless, isn't she?
Mary is reading in her room.
Mary is rational, isn't she?
Mary is punctual, isn't she?
Mary is prepared, isn't she?
Mary is powerful, isn't she?
Mary is positive, isn't she?
Mary is pleasant, isn't she?
Mary is playing in her room.
Mary is pathetic, isn't she?
Mary is outgoing, isn't she?
Mary is obedient, isn't she?
Mary is lying about her age.
Mary is losing her patience.
Mary is looking for her son.
Mary is gullible, isn't she?
Mary is generous, isn't she?
Mary is fine now, isn't she?
Mary is fearless, isn't she?
Mary is eloquent, isn't she?
Mary is discreet, isn't she?
Mary is decorating her room.
Mary is decisive, isn't she?
Mary is creative, isn't she?
Mary is careless, isn't she?
Mary is busy now, isn't she?
Mary is at her desk working.
Mary is arrogant, isn't she?
Mary is annoying, isn't she?
Mary is already at her desk.
Mary is alone in her office.
Mary is a doctor, isn't she?
Mary invited me to her home.
Mary insists she's innocent.
Mary hopes that she can win.
Mary hopes Tom forgives her.
Mary held up her right hand.
Mary hasn't taken her pills.
Mary has to protect herself.
Mary has to change her plan.
Mary has given Tom her cold.
Mary has canceled her party.
Mary has a scar on her face.
Mary has a scar on her chin.
Mary has a car, doesn't she?
Mary had to cancel her trip.
Mary had her hair cut short.
Mary had a pack on her back.
Mary had a cramp in her leg.
Mary got the job she wanted.
Mary got rid of her old car.
Mary got her tongue pierced.
Mary got her teeth whitened.
Mary got her hearing tested.
Mary got fired from her job.
Mary gave her old car to me.
Mary gave her cat some milk.
Mary gave Tom all her money.
Mary forgot to pay her rent.
Mary forgot to lock her car.
Mary forgot her appointment.
Mary folded up her umbrella.
Mary finally found her keys.
Mary fell and hurt her knee.
Mary fell and hurt her hand.
Mary fell and broke her arm.
Mary fastened her seat belt.
Mary failed her French test.
Mary explained her decision.
Mary ended up going herself.
Mary eats lunch at her desk.
Mary dropped her flashlight.
Mary dropped her coffee cup.
Mary drank her orange juice.
Mary doesn't share her food.
Mary doesn't care, does she?
Mary does that, doesn't she?
Mary didn't touch her lunch.
Mary didn't suffer, did she?
Mary didn't do that herself.
Mary didn't do her homework.
Mary didn't change her mind.
Mary did what she should do.
Mary did what she had to do.
Mary did the best she could.
Mary did all that she could.
Mary cried herself to sleep.
Mary couldn't find her keys.
Mary could've saved herself.
Mary could be in her office.
Mary claims that she's rich.
Mary claims she's done that.
Mary claims she can do that.
Mary claimed she left early.
Mary changes her mind a lot.
Mary can't do that, can she?
Mary can say what she wants.
Mary can leave if she wants.
Mary can go if she wants to.
Mary can do that, can't she?
Mary can do that on her own.
Mary can do that by herself.
Mary can do it if she tries.
Mary broke both of her legs.
Mary broke both of her arms.
Mary bought what she wanted.
Mary bought what she needed.
Mary begged Tom to help her.
Mary admitted she was wrong.
Mary admitted she does that.
Mary admits she's done that.
Let Mary go home by herself.
Let Mary eat what she wants.
Let Mary do that by herself.
Let Mary decide for herself.
Let Mary buy what she wants.
Is Mary still in her office?
Is Mary lying about her age?
I'm sure Mary is on her way.
I thought her name was Mary.
I think Mary killed herself.
I think Mary blames herself.
I thanked Mary for her time.
I saw Mary hiding her money.
I helped Mary with her work.
I gave Mary what she wanted.
I asked Mary why she did it.
I asked Mary what she meant.
Has Mary found her keys yet?
Give Mary what she asks for.
Get Mary whatever she wants.
Don't let Mary hurt herself.
Did Mary say she'd help Tom?
Did Mary say she left early?
Did Mary say she drank that?
Did Mary say how she did it?
Did Mary drive herself home?
Did Mary do that on her own?
Did Mary do that by herself?
Can Mary drive herself home?
Ask Mary when she gets back.
Ask Mary what her plans are.
Ask Mary if she wants to go.
Ask Mary if she can do that.
What did Mary say she lost?
Tell Mary to take her time.
Tell Mary that she's wrong.
Tell Mary she has to leave.
Please let Mary do her job.
Mary's father punished her.
Mary won't do that herself.
Mary won't change her mind.
Mary will be OK, won't she?
Mary went there by herself.
Mary went into her bedroom.
Mary went back to her seat.
Mary went back to her room.
Mary went back to her dorm.
Mary went back to her desk.
Mary wasn't there, was she?
Mary wasn't in her bedroom.
Mary was there, wasn't she?
Mary was the name she used.
Mary was right, wasn't she?
Mary was lying on her back.
Mary was in her bed asleep.
Mary was defending herself.
Mary was cleaning her room.
Mary wants to sell her car.
Mary wants to kill herself.
Mary wants to dye her hair.
Mary wants Tom to help her.
Mary unpacked her suitcase.
Mary unlocked her suitcase.
Mary unbuttoned her jacket.
Mary turned her blinker on.
Mary trusted her instincts.
Mary tried to kill herself.
Mary took what wasn't hers.
Mary took out her passport.
Mary took off her raincoat.
Mary took off her overcoat.
Mary took off her name tag.
Mary told us what she knew.
Mary told us she'd do that.
Mary told us about her day.
Mary told me she'd help us.
Mary told me she'd help me.
Mary told me she'd do that.
Mary told me she'd call me.
Mary told me she'd be late.
Mary told me she'd be here.
Mary told me she'd be back.
Mary told me she was wrong.
Mary told me she was upset.
Mary told me she was tired.
Mary told me she was sorry.
Mary told me she was ready.
Mary told me she was happy.
Mary told me she was dying.
Mary told me she was drunk.
Mary told me she was broke.
Mary told me she was bored.
Mary told me she was angry.
Mary told me she was alone.
Mary told me she should go.
Mary told me she loved Tom.
Mary told me she liked Tom.
Mary told me she knows Tom.
Mary told me she had to go.
Mary told me she felt weak.
Mary told me she felt sick.
Mary told me she felt safe.
Mary told me she felt fine.
Mary told me she felt cold.
Mary told me she disagreed.
Mary told me about her dog.
Mary told Tom she was busy.
Mary told Tom she did that.
Mary thought she'd be late.
Mary thought she was dying.
Mary thought she was alone.
Mary thought she could win.
Mary thinks she's a genius.
Mary taught herself French.
Mary talked about her trip.
Mary takes care of herself.
Mary swears she's innocent.
Mary still has her coat on.
Mary sold all her property.
Mary showed Tom her tattoo.
Mary showed Tom her garden.
Mary should clean her room.
Mary should be in her room.
Mary seldom uses her phone.
Mary says that she's tired.
Mary says that she's happy.
Mary says that she'll wait.
Mary says she's not sleepy.
Mary says she's not hungry.
Mary says she's not guilty.
Mary says she's not coming.
Mary says she's interested.
Mary says she's having fun.
Mary says she's got a cold.
Mary says she's feeling OK.
Mary says she's doing that.
Mary says she's busy today.
Mary says she was confused.
Mary says she lost her key.
Mary says she isn't sleepy.
Mary says she isn't hungry.
Mary says she isn't afraid.
Mary says she has no vices.
Mary says she doesn't swim.
Mary says she doesn't mind.
Mary says she doesn't know.
Mary says she didn't do it.
Mary sang while she worked.
Mary sang her son to sleep.
Mary said that she's sorry.
Mary said that she'd do it.
Mary said that she was sad.
Mary said that she was mad.
Mary said that Tom hit her.
Mary said she's very tired.
Mary said she's very happy.
Mary said she's unemployed.
Mary said she's suspicious.
Mary said she's supportive.
Mary said she's optimistic.
Mary said she's not sleepy.
Mary said she's not hungry.
Mary said she's interested.
Mary said she's frustrated.
Mary said she's frightened.
Mary said she's displeased.
Mary said she'd try to win.
Mary said she'd look at it.
Mary said she wasn't upset.
Mary said she wasn't tired.
Mary said she wasn't sorry.
Mary said she wasn't happy.
Mary said she wasn't bored.
Mary said she wasn't angry.
Mary said she was worn out.
Mary said she was starving.
Mary said she was retiring.
Mary said she was mistaken.
Mary said she was finished.
Mary said she was confused.
Mary said she was Canadian.
Mary said she wants to win.
Mary said she wanted to go.
Mary said she tried to win.
Mary said she needed money.
Mary said she knew who won.
Mary said she isn't thirty.
Mary said she isn't sleepy.
Mary said she isn't hungry.
Mary said she had to leave.
Mary said she had no vices.
Mary said she had no money.
Mary said she felt seasick.
Mary said she feels strong.
Mary said she feels better.
Mary said she doesn't know.
Mary said she didn't smoke.
Mary said she didn't do it.
Mary said she didn't agree.
Mary said she did it wrong.
Mary said she could fix it.
Mary said she believes Tom.
Mary said she believed Tom.
Mary said she ate too much.
Mary said it was her fault.
Mary said her bus was late.
Mary rolled up her sleeves.
Mary repeated her question.
Mary really enjoys her job.
Mary reads to her daughter.
Mary rarely uses her phone.
Mary raised her right hand.
Mary put on her sunglasses.
Mary put on her ice skates.
Mary put on her headphones.
Mary put her sunglasses on.
Mary put her shoes back on.
Mary put her notebook away.
Mary put her boots back on.
Mary put down her suitcase.
Mary put away her notebook.
Mary punished her children.
Mary pulled off her gloves.
Mary never locks her doors.
Mary never forgave herself.
Mary never doubted herself.
Mary needs Tom to help her.
Mary mixed herself a drink.
Mary might change her mind.
Mary may have lost her way.
Mary may do what she wants.
Mary lost her wedding ring.
Mary lost her job recently.
Mary lost her favorite cap.
Mary lost all of her money.
Mary looks old for her age.
Mary looks like she's sick.
Mary looks like she's hurt.
Mary looks like she's fine.
Mary looks like she's done.
Mary looks like she's cold.
Mary looks like she's busy.
Mary looks like her sister.
Mary looked under her seat.
Mary lives with her mother.
Mary lives with her father.
Mary lives with her family.
Mary lied about her weight.
Mary let me borrow her car.
Mary let Tom use her phone.
Mary let Tom drive her car.
Mary left her kids at home.
Mary left her keys with me.
Mary left her dog with Tom.
Mary left her car unlocked.
Mary knew she wouldn't win.
Mary knew she had to leave.
Mary knew she couldn't win.
Mary just changed her mind.
Mary isn't serious, is she?
Mary isn't like her sister.
Mary isn't leaving, is she?
Mary isn't at home, is she?
Mary is with her boyfriend.
Mary is winning, isn't she?
Mary is wealthy, isn't she?
Mary is unlucky, isn't she?
Mary is unhappy, isn't she?
Mary is the one, isn't she?
Mary is talking to herself.
Mary is still in her teens.
Mary is special, isn't she?
Mary is so full of herself.
Mary is sincere, isn't she?
Mary is serious, isn't she?
Mary is selfish, isn't she?
Mary is retired, isn't she?
Mary is protecting herself.
Mary is popular, isn't she?
Mary is perfect, isn't she?
Mary is patient, isn't she?
Mary is on her way to work.
Mary is on her lunch break.
Mary is nervous, isn't she?
Mary is married, isn't she?
Mary is leaving, isn't she?
Mary is just doing her job.
Mary is just being herself.
Mary is jealous, isn't she?
Mary is hoping she can win.
Mary is helping her father.
Mary is helpful, isn't she?
Mary is healthy, isn't she?
Mary is glad she has a job.
Mary is foolish, isn't she?
Mary is doing what she can.
Mary is doing her homework.
Mary is devious, isn't she?
Mary is cynical, isn't she?
Mary is crying in her room.
Mary is counting her money.
Mary is careful, isn't she?
Mary is brushing her teeth.
Mary is behind in her rent.
Mary is back in her office.
Mary is back from her trip.
Mary is at work, isn't she?
Mary is at home, isn't she?
Mary is asleep in her room.
Mary is anxious, isn't she?
Mary is amusing, isn't she?
Mary hired Tom to help her.
Mary hasn't paid her taxes.
Mary has twisted her ankle.
Mary has scars on her legs.
Mary has scars on her arms.
Mary has lost her umbrella.
Mary has lost her passport.
Mary has lost her car keys.
Mary has just lost her job.
Mary has her own apartment.
Mary has her arm in a cast.
Mary has finished her work.
Mary has done what she can.
Mary has done her homework.
Mary has disgraced herself.
Mary has a scar on her arm.
Mary has a lot on her mind.
Mary handed her pen to Tom.
Mary handed Tom her wallet.
Mary had to clean her room.
Mary had her picture taken.
Mary had her camera stolen.
Mary had dinner by herself.
Mary had a lot on her mind.
Mary got what she deserved.
Mary got what she came for.
Mary got up from her chair.
Mary got her feelings hurt.
Mary got back into her car.
Mary gave me all her money.
Mary gave Tom her notebook.
Mary found what she wanted.
Mary fixed the car herself.
Mary fixed her car herself.
Mary finished her sandwich.
Mary finished her homework.
Mary fell and hurt herself.
Mary fastened her seatbelt.
Mary explained her problem.
Mary does the best she can.
Mary didn't wash her hands.
Mary didn't laugh, did she?
Mary did what she was told.
Mary did it all by herself.
Mary deserved what she got.
Mary crawled under her bed.
Mary couldn't help herself.
Mary couldn't find her son.
Mary could've hurt herself.
Mary could change her mind.
Mary claims she's innocent.
Mary claimed she saw a UFO.
Mary can't find her ticket.
Mary can't do that herself.
Mary can handle it herself.
Mary can do what she wants.
Mary can do what she likes.
Mary came with her parents.
Mary came with her brother.
Mary ate lunch at her desk.
Mary ate dinner by herself.
Mary asked Tom to help her.
Mary always tries her best.
Mary always keeps her word.
Mary admitted she did that.
Let Mary do what she wants.
I'm going to name her Mary.
I think Mary likes her job.
I think Mary dyes her hair.
I know her name isn't Mary.
I helped Mary wash her car.
I helped Mary dye her hair.
I can't believe she's Mary.
I believe her name is Mary.
I asked Mary what she'd do.
I asked Mary if she was OK.
How did Mary break her leg?
Does Mary like her new job?
Did Mary say where she was?
Did Mary say she'd do that?
Did Mary say she'd be busy?
Did Mary say she loved you?
Did Mary break her promise?
Ask Mary if she'll do that.
Ask Mary if she needs help.
Ask Mary if she enjoyed it.
Ask Mary how she's feeling.
Why did Mary quit her job?
Why did Mary kill herself?
When did Mary buy her car?
Tell Mary that I miss her.
Tell Mary that I love her.
Maybe Mary killed herself.
Mary's job keeps her busy.
Mary's coat kept her warm.
Mary zipped up her jacket.
Mary yelled at her mother.
Mary wrote to her parents.
Mary works with her hands.
Mary won't come, will she?
Mary wished she had a dog.
Mary will miss her flight.
Mary will do that herself.
Mary whistled for her dog.
Mary went home by herself.
Mary went back to her car.
Mary wasn't in her office.
Mary wasn't her real name.
Mary wasn't busy, was she?
Mary was hoping she'd win.
Mary was here, wasn't she?
Mary was angry at herself.
Mary wants me on her team.
Mary wants her money back.
Mary walked into her room.
Mary vacuumed her bedroom.
Mary used to love her job.
Mary unplugged her guitar.
Mary unbuttoned her shirt.
Mary turned off her phone.
Mary towel-dried her hair.
Mary took what she wanted.
Mary took off on her bike.
Mary took off her uniform.
Mary took off her sweater.
Mary took off her headset.
Mary took off her goggles.
Mary took off her glasses.
Mary took off her clothes.
Mary took off her T-shirt.
Mary took her goggles off.
Mary took her glasses off.
Mary took her clothes off.
Mary told me what she saw.
Mary told me she'd buy it.
Mary told me she was well.
Mary told me she was sick.
Mary told me she was rich.
Mary told me she was poor.
Mary told me she was fine.
Mary told me she was done.
Mary told me she was cold.
Mary told me she was busy.
Mary told me she told you.
Mary told me she loves me.
Mary told me she loved me.
Mary told me she liked it.
Mary told me she knew you.
Mary told me she knew Tom.
Mary told me she felt hot.
Mary told me she did that.
Mary thought she had time.
Mary thinks she's in love.
Mary thinks she knows why.
Mary talked about herself.
Mary suppressed her anger.
Mary stuck to her promise.
Mary stuck her tongue out.
Mary stood all by herself.
Mary stayed where she was.
Mary sold Tom her old car.
Mary slumped in her chair.
Mary slept in her clothes.
Mary should blame herself.
Mary sent Tom her picture.
Mary says what she thinks.
Mary says that she's busy.
Mary says that she'll win.
Mary says she's very rich.
Mary says she's tone deaf.
Mary says she's not tired.
Mary says she's not happy.
Mary says she's not going.
Mary says she's exhausted.
Mary says she's done that.
Mary says she's depressed.
Mary says she wasn't here.
Mary says she should wait.
Mary says she saw nothing.
Mary says she plans to go.
Mary says she needs a nap.
Mary says she needs a hat.
Mary says she lied to Tom.
Mary says she left a note.
Mary says she isn't tired.
Mary says she isn't happy.
Mary says she isn't angry.
Mary says she can't sleep.
Mary says she can help us.
Mary sat down at her desk.
Mary said that she'd wait.
Mary said that she'd help.
Mary said that she'd come.
Mary said that she was OK.
Mary said she's very busy.
Mary said she's skeptical.
Mary said she's not tired.
Mary said she's not happy.
Mary said she's not alone.
Mary said she's exhausted.
Mary said she's desperate.
Mary said she's depressed.
Mary said she's concerned.
Mary said she'll be there.
Mary said she'd try again.
Mary said she wasn't sure.
Mary said she wasn't sick.
Mary said she wasn't busy.
Mary said she was wounded.
Mary said she was unhappy.
Mary said she was thirsty.
Mary said she was nervous.
Mary said she was at home.
Mary said she was adopted.
Mary said she wants to go.
Mary said she walked home.
Mary said she saw nothing.
Mary said she plans to go.
Mary said she may do that.
Mary said she likes pizza.
Mary said she isn't upset.
Mary said she isn't tired.
Mary said she isn't happy.
Mary said she isn't angry.
Mary said she had to work.
Mary said she had a knife.
Mary said she freaked out.
Mary said she felt strong.
Mary said she felt scared.
Mary said she felt hungry.
Mary said she feels tired.
Mary said she feels great.
Mary said she didn't know.
Mary said she could do it.
Mary said Tom slapped her.
Mary rubbed her sore feet.
Mary rolled up her sleeve.
Mary returned to her room.
Mary respects her parents.
Mary resembles her mother.
Mary removed her disguise.
Mary regrets what she did.
Mary regained her balance.
Mary reached out her hand.
Mary ran back to her room.
Mary put on her snowshoes.
Mary put on her new shoes.
Mary put honey in her tea.
Mary put her coat back on.
Mary pulled out her phone.
Mary pulled off her socks.
Mary pulled off her shoes.
Mary promised she'll wait.
Mary played with her kids.
Mary played with her cats.
Mary packed her things up.
Mary owns her own company.
Mary opened her lunch box.
Mary never washes her car.
Mary never loses her cool.
Mary never locks her door.
Mary neglected her duties.
Mary needs her medication.
Mary named her dog Cookie.
Mary might be in her room.
Mary made herself at home.
Mary lost her hearing aid.
Mary looks like she's sad.
Mary looks like she's mad.
Mary lives all by herself.
Mary let me drive her car.
Mary lent me her umbrella.
Mary lent me her computer.
Mary left her dog at home.
Mary knows what she likes.
Mary knows she needs help.
Mary knew what she wanted.
Mary knew she needed help.
Mary kicked off her shoes.
Mary kept her eyes closed.
Mary keeps her room clean.
Mary isn't so old, is she?
Mary isn't in her bedroom.
Mary is where she belongs.
Mary is washing her hands.
Mary is untidy, isn't she?
Mary is unkind, isn't she?
Mary is tuning her guitar.
Mary is touchy, isn't she?
Mary is sweeping her room.
Mary is strong, isn't she?
Mary is still in her room.
Mary is sneaky, isn't she?
Mary is sleepy, isn't she?
Mary is skinny, isn't she?
Mary is single, isn't she?
Mary is short for her age.
Mary is scared, isn't she?
Mary is proud of her work.
Mary is proud of her team.
Mary is proud of her sons.
Mary is polite, isn't she?
Mary is normal, isn't she?
Mary is modest, isn't she?
Mary is living by herself.
Mary is in her third year.
Mary is hungry, isn't she?
Mary is honest, isn't she?
Mary is her name, I think.
Mary is guilty, isn't she?
Mary is grumpy, isn't she?
Mary is greedy, isn't she?
Mary is driven, isn't she?
Mary is doing all she can.
Mary is direct, isn't she?
Mary is cleaning her room.
Mary is boring, isn't she?
Mary is asleep, isn't she?
Mary is acting on her own.
Mary is OK now, isn't she?
Mary hates her stepfather.
Mary hated her stepfather.
Mary hasn't paid her rent.
Mary has sold her company.
Mary has poisoned herself.
Mary has made up her mind.
Mary has lost her hearing.
Mary has lost her car key.
Mary has kept her promise.
Mary has her own problems.
Mary has done all she can.
Mary has changed her mind.
Mary handed in her report.
Mary handed Tom her phone.
Mary had to go by herself.
Mary had her fortune told.
Mary groaned in her sleep.
Mary got up from her seat.
Mary got up from her desk.
Mary got soap in her eyes.
Mary got her notebook out.
Mary glanced at her watch.
Mary gave Tom her address.
Mary found herself a seat.
Mary finished her dessert.
Mary finally got her wish.
Mary fell off her bicycle.
Mary entered her password.
Mary enjoys what she does.
Mary doesn't look her age.
Mary does what she's told.
Mary died in her thirties.
Mary didn't wash her hair.
Mary didn't pay her share.
Mary didn't open her eyes.
Mary didn't keep her word.
Mary didn't enjoy her job.
Mary didn't eat her salad.
Mary didn't do it herself.
Mary didn't come, did she?
Mary didn't blame herself.
Mary did the work herself.
Mary did that, didn't she?
Mary did that her own way.
Mary did that all herself.
Mary did all she could do.
Mary cracked her knuckles.
Mary contradicted herself.
Mary climbed into her car.
Mary claimed she did that.
Mary chewed on her pencil.
Mary checked her calendar.
Mary chased after her dog.
Mary can't touch her toes.
Mary can't find her watch.
Mary can't find her shoes.
Mary can drive, can't she?
Mary came out of her room.
Mary came here on her own.
Mary came here by herself.
Mary buttoned up her coat.
Mary burned herself badly.
Mary broke her leg skiing.
Mary broke her left wrist.
Mary broke her arm skiing.
Mary bought herself a dog.
Mary believes she's right.
Mary believes she's ready.
Mary believes she can win.
Mary barely ate her lunch.
Mary bandaged her own leg.
Mary always does her best.
Mary admits she does that.
I told Mary she should go.
I think her name was Mary.
I helped Mary to her feet.
I asked Mary for her keys.
Has Mary changed her mind?
Did Mary say she did that?
Ask Mary how she got here.
Tell Mary I can hear her.
Mary's job kept her busy.
Mary will win, won't she?
Mary will sell her house.
Mary went out to her car.
Mary went off by herself.
Mary weighed her options.
Mary was sure of herself.
Mary wanted her own room.
Mary unzipped her jacket.
Mary unclenched her fist.
Mary took off her jacket.
Mary took off her helmet.
Mary took off her gloves.
Mary took her jacket off.
Mary took her helmet off.
Mary took her gloves off.
Mary told me she'd leave.
Mary told me she'd do it.
Mary told me she was sad.
Mary told me she was mad.
Mary told Tom she'd wait.
Mary thinks she can sing.
Mary talked in her sleep.
Mary swore she'd do that.
Mary swam in her clothes.
Mary strummed her guitar.
Mary stared at her hands.
Mary sold me her old car.
Mary sold her car to Tom.
Mary snapped her fingers.
Mary slept in her office.
Mary shut her eyes again.
Mary sent me her picture.
Mary says she's not busy.
Mary says she's homesick.
Mary says she's Canadian.
Mary says she'll do that.
Mary says she won't stay.
Mary says she won't sing.
Mary says she won't come.
Mary says she was hungry.
Mary says she swims well.
Mary says she needs help.
Mary says she kissed Tom.
Mary says she isn't sick.
Mary says she isn't busy.
Mary says she has a plan.
Mary says she feels fine.
Mary says she didn't win.
Mary says she didn't cry.
Mary says she cooks well.
Mary says she can't sing.
Mary says Tom kissed her.
Mary sang all by herself.
Mary said what she meant.
Mary said that she'd win.
Mary said that she cried.
Mary said she's unbiased.
Mary said she's unafraid.
Mary said she's ticklish.
Mary said she's prepared.
Mary said she's not busy.
Mary said she's innocent.
Mary said she's grateful.
Mary said she's confused.
Mary said she's Canadian.
Mary said she'll help us.
Mary said she'll do that.
Mary said she'd help Tom.
Mary said she'd call you.
Mary said she'd been ill.
Mary said she'd be there.
Mary said she wasn't mad.
Mary said she was thirty.
Mary said she was sleepy.
Mary said she was scared.
Mary said she was hungry.
Mary said she was afraid.
Mary said she understood.
Mary said she liked snow.
Mary said she liked rain.
Mary said she isn't sure.
Mary said she isn't sick.
Mary said she isn't busy.
Mary said she had a plan.
Mary said she had a cold.
Mary said she felt tired.
Mary said she felt happy.
Mary said she felt dizzy.
Mary said she feels sick.
Mary said she feels fine.
Mary said she enjoyed it.
Mary said she didn't win.
Mary said Tom kissed her.
Mary said I made her cry.
Mary really hurt herself.
Mary reached for her hat.
Mary ran back to her car.
Mary put up her umbrella.
Mary put on her swimsuit.
Mary put on her seatbelt.
Mary put on her raincoat.
Mary put her wig back on.
Mary put her slippers on.
Mary put her hat back on.
Mary put her cap back on.
Mary put down her racket.
Mary put down her pencil.
Mary promised she'd sing.
Mary played with her dog.
Mary picked up her books.
Mary packed her suitcase.
Mary opened her suitcase.
Mary opened her notebook.
Mary opened her backpack.
Mary never makes her bed.
Mary must behave herself.
Mary misses her daughter.
Mary meant what she said.
Mary means what she says.
Mary may go if she wants.
Mary may do that herself.
Mary made herself get up.
Mary made her sister cry.
Mary loves what she does.
Mary lost her sunglasses.
Mary looks like she's OK.
Mary looked at her watch.
Mary looked at her notes.
Mary looked at her hands.
Mary lives with her aunt.
Mary likes what she does.
Mary likes her job a lot.
Mary lied to her parents.
Mary lent me her bicycle.
Mary lent Tom her camera.
Mary left her bed unmade.
Mary knows she can't win.
Mary knew that she'd win.
Mary kept her mouth shut.
Mary keeps her room tidy.
Mary keeps her car clean.
Mary isn't there, is she?
Mary isn't in her office.
Mary isn't herself today.
Mary isn't her real name.
Mary is young, isn't she?
Mary is wrong, isn't she?
Mary is witty, isn't she?
Mary is with her parents.
Mary is with her friends.
Mary is wasting her time.
Mary is washing her hair.
Mary is training her dog.
Mary is tough, isn't she?
Mary is timid, isn't she?
Mary is tidying her room.
Mary is there, isn't she?
Mary is tall for her age.
Mary is sure she can win.
Mary is smart, isn't she?
Mary is short, isn't she?
Mary is sharp, isn't she?
Mary is savvy, isn't she?
Mary is right, isn't she?
Mary is quiet, isn't she?
Mary is proud of herself.
Mary is proud of her son.
Mary is plump, isn't she?
Mary is petty, isn't she?
Mary is packing her bags.
Mary is obese, isn't she?
Mary is now in her prime.
Mary is nasty, isn't she?
Mary is naive, isn't she?
Mary is moody, isn't she?
Mary is lucky, isn't she?
Mary is loyal, isn't she?
Mary is living her dream.
Mary is happy, isn't she?
Mary is funny, isn't she?
Mary is enjoying herself.
Mary is dying, isn't she?
Mary is deluding herself.
Mary is crazy, isn't she?
Mary is combing her hair.
Mary is cleaning her car.
Mary is bossy, isn't she?
Mary is biting her nails.
Mary is back with her ex.
Mary is angry, isn't she?
Mary is alive, isn't she?
Mary hurt her right hand.
Mary hurt her right foot.
Mary has made her choice.
Mary has injured herself.
Mary has her own bedroom.
Mary handed in her paper.
Mary handed Tom her keys.
Mary had to sell her car.
Mary had her piano tuned.
Mary got what she wanted.
Mary got what she needed.
Mary got home by herself.
Mary got herself a drink.
Mary got her watch fixed.
Mary got her eyes tested.
Mary got back in her car.
Mary got a D on her test.
Mary got Tom to help her.
Mary glanced to her left.
Mary gave me her old car.
Mary gave me her address.
Mary gave her dog a bone.
Mary gave her dog a bath.
Mary gave her cat to Tom.
Mary focused on her work.
Mary fired her secretary.
Mary finished her degree.
Mary finished her coffee.
Mary fell from her horse.
Mary emptied her pockets.
Mary embraced her father.
Mary dyed her hair brown.
Mary dyed her hair black.
Mary does what she wants.
Mary didn't win, did she?
Mary didn't wash her car.
Mary didn't kill herself.
Mary didn't get her wish.
Mary did what she had to.
Mary did that on her own.
Mary did that by herself.
Mary did as she was told.
Mary crossed her fingers.
Mary closed her textbook.
Mary cleaned her glasses.
Mary claims she was busy.
Mary claims she did that.
Mary claims she can swim.
Mary chuckled to herself.
Mary checked her pockets.
Mary changed her clothes.
Mary can't swim, can she?
Mary can't find her keys.
Mary can swim, can't she?
Mary can read, can't she?
Mary can do that herself.
Mary broke her right arm.
Mary broke both her legs.
Mary broke both her arms.
Mary blow-dried her hair.
Mary ate what she wanted.
Mary admitted she'd lied.
Let Mary sing by herself.
Is Mary behaving herself?
I told Mary I'd help her.
Give Mary what she wants.
Give Mary what she needs.
Did Mary do that herself?
Can Mary do that herself?
Ask Mary where she lives.
Ask Mary what she's done.
Ask Mary if she can swim.
Wasn't Mary in her room?
Mary's fussy, isn't she?
Mary zipped up her coat.
Mary won't go, will she?
Mary wiped her forehead.
Mary will paint her car.
Mary went into her room.
Mary went in by herself.
Mary wasn't in her room.
Mary washed her clothes.
Mary was in her bedroom.
Mary was all by herself.
Mary unzipped her pants.
Mary unleashed her dogs.
Mary took off her watch.
Mary took off her socks.
Mary took off her shoes.
Mary took off her boots.
Mary took her socks off.
Mary took her shoes off.
Mary took her boots off.
Mary told me so herself.
Mary told me she'd wait.
Mary told me she'd sing.
Mary told me she'd help.
Mary told me she'd come.
Mary told me she was OK.
Mary told Tom she'd win.
Mary tidied up her room.
Mary thinks she's ready.
Mary thinks she's funny.
Mary thinks she can win.
Mary talks in her sleep.
Mary stayed in her room.
Mary stared at her feet.
Mary sprang to her feet.
Mary sprained her wrist.
Mary sprained her ankle.
Mary spilled her coffee.
Mary sorted her laundry.
Mary sleeps on her back.
Mary showed us her home.
Mary showed me her room.
Mary set her drink down.
Mary set down her spoon.
Mary set down her glass.
Mary scratched her nose.
Mary scratched her head.
Mary says she's unhappy.
Mary says she's thirsty.
Mary says she won't win.
Mary says she won't die.
Mary says she won't cry.
Mary says she was fired.
Mary says she knows you.
Mary says she does that.
Mary says she can't win.
Mary says Tom hired her.
Mary say she's innocent.
Mary sat all by herself.
Mary said she's unlucky.
Mary said she's unhappy.
Mary said she's thirsty.
Mary said she's starved.
Mary said she's retired.
Mary said she's puzzled.
Mary said she's pleased.
Mary said she's nervous.
Mary said she's jealous.
Mary said she's healthy.
Mary said she's furious.
Mary said she's excited.
Mary said she's curious.
Mary said she's annoyed.
Mary said she'd help us.
Mary said she'd help me.
Mary said she'd do that.
Mary said she'd call me.
Mary said she'd be here.
Mary said she'd be back.
Mary said she won't cry.
Mary said she was wrong.
Mary said she was upset.
Mary said she was tired.
Mary said she was sorry.
Mary said she was ready.
Mary said she was happy.
Mary said she was dying.
Mary said she was drunk.
Mary said she was bored.
Mary said she was angry.
Mary said she should go.
Mary said she might win.
Mary said she might die.
Mary said she might cry.
Mary said she loved Tom.
Mary said she liked Tom.
Mary said she isn't mad.
Mary said she has to go.
Mary said she felt fine.
Mary said she felt cold.
Mary said she disagrees.
Mary rewrote her report.
Mary retraced her steps.
Mary restrained herself.
Mary removed her helmet.
Mary removed her gloves.
Mary refilled her glass.
Mary put on her sweater.
Mary put on her goggles.
Mary put on her glasses.
Mary put on her clothes.
Mary put her sweater on.
Mary put her phone away.
Mary put her goggles on.
Mary put her glasses on.
Mary put her glass down.
Mary put her drink down.
Mary put her clothes on.
Mary put down her spoon.
Mary put down her drink.
Mary pulled off her wig.
Mary picked up her toys.
Mary picked up her keys.
Mary painted it herself.
Mary paid all her bills.
Mary opened her present.
Mary neglected her work.
Mary needs her medicine.
Mary misses her parents.
Mary loves her children.
Mary lost her new watch.
Mary lost her house key.
Mary lost her composure.
Mary lost all her money.
Mary looks half her age.
Mary looked to her left.
Mary looked for her pen.
Mary likes her teachers.
Mary liked what she saw.
Mary licked her fingers.
Mary lent her car to me.
Mary laughed to herself.
Mary laughed at herself.
Mary knew she was wrong.
Mary knew she was right.
Mary kept it to herself.
Mary kept her eyes shut.
Mary kept her eyes open.
Mary jumped to her feet.
Mary isn't what she was.
Mary isn't here, is she?
Mary isn't busy, is she?
Mary is with her mother.
Mary is wise, isn't she?
Mary is waving her arms.
Mary is washing her car.
Mary is walking her dog.
Mary is vain, isn't she?
Mary is ugly, isn't she?
Mary is trying her best.
Mary is tidy, isn't she?
Mary is thin, isn't she?
Mary is tall, isn't she?
Mary is taking her time.
Mary is sane, isn't she?
Mary is safe, isn't she?
Mary is rude, isn't she?
Mary is rich, isn't she?
Mary is poor, isn't she?
Mary is out of her mind.
Mary is on her way over.
Mary is on her way home.
Mary is on her way here.
Mary is on her way back.
Mary is on her deathbed.
Mary is nice, isn't she?
Mary is neat, isn't she?
Mary is mean, isn't she?
Mary is loud, isn't she?
Mary is lazy, isn't she?
Mary is in her thirties.
Mary is in her room now.
Mary is here, isn't she?
Mary is good, isn't she?
Mary is good at her job.
Mary is fooling herself.
Mary is fast, isn't she?
Mary is fanning herself.
Mary is fair, isn't she?
Mary is dead, isn't she?
Mary is cool, isn't she?
Mary is busy, isn't she?
Mary ironed her clothes.
Mary introduced herself.
Mary hung her jacket up.
Mary hid behind her mom.
Mary hid behind her car.
Mary herself helped Tom.
Mary held out her hands.
Mary has what she wants.
Mary has what she needs.
Mary has proven herself.
Mary has lost her voice.
Mary has her hands full.
Mary has hanged herself.
Mary has had her chance.
Mary has given her word.
Mary handed Tom her key.
Mary got out of her car.
Mary got on her bicycle.
Mary frowned to herself.
Mary forgot her sweater.
Mary forgot her glasses.
Mary finished her drink.
Mary fell off her horse.
Mary fell off her chair.
Mary enjoys her classes.
Mary dropped her pencil.
Mary does as she's told.
Mary did what she could.
Mary did it all herself.
Mary counted her change.
Mary could hurt herself.
Mary clenched her teeth.
Mary clenched her fists.
Mary cleared her throat.
Mary can't help herself.
Mary can't find her hat.
Mary can't find her bag.
Mary buttered her toast.
Mary blamed her parents.
Mary answered her phone.
Mary admitted her guilt.
Is her name really Mary?
Is Mary out of her mind?
I told Mary she's crazy.
I told Mary I loved her.
I told Mary I hated her.
Did Mary say she helped?
Tell Mary she can't go.
Mary's coach likes her.
Mary zipped up her bag.
Mary voted for herself.
Mary unzipped her coat.
Mary twisted her ankle.
Mary turned herself in.
Mary took off her pack.
Mary took off her coat.
Mary took her coat off.
Mary took Tom with her.
Mary told me she'd try.
Mary told me she cried.
Mary thinks I love her.
Mary stood on her head.
Mary spilled her drink.
Mary sold all her land.
Mary smiled to herself.
Mary skinned her elbow.
Mary sipped her coffee.
Mary shut her notebook.
Mary sends her regards.
Mary scrubbed her feet.
Mary says she's waited.
Mary says she's sleepy.
Mary says she's hungry.
Mary says she was busy.
Mary says she loves me.
Mary says she likes it.
Mary says she did that.
Mary said she's unhurt.
Mary said she's sleepy.
Mary said she's scared.
Mary said she's lonely.
Mary said she's hungry.
Mary said she's afraid.
Mary said she'd buy it.
Mary said she'd be out.
Mary said she was sick.
Mary said she was busy.
Mary said she told you.
Mary said she may wait.
Mary said she loved me.
Mary said she liked it.
Mary said she knew you.
Mary said she knew Tom.
Mary said she felt hot.
Mary said she did that.
Mary removed her socks.
Mary ran after her dog.
Mary put on her jacket.
Mary put on her helmet.
Mary put on her gloves.
Mary put her jacket on.
Mary put her helmet on.
Mary put her gloves on.
Mary put her fork down.
Mary put her book down.
Mary put away her toys.
Mary played her violin.
Mary phoned her lawyer.
Mary paid off her debt.
Mary padded her resume.
Mary opened her locker.
Mary opened her laptop.
Mary needs her privacy.
Mary mounted her horse.
Mary misses her family.
Mary missed her flight.
Mary missed her chance.
Mary made that herself.
Mary lowered her voice.
Mary lost her umbrella.
Mary lost her passport.
Mary lost her car keys.
Mary looked at her dog.
Mary likes her new job.
Mary likes her new car.
Mary kept herself busy.
Mary just lost her job.
Mary isn't in her tent.
Mary isn't in her room.
Mary is shy, isn't she?
Mary is sad, isn't she?
Mary is past her prime.
Mary is on her own now.
Mary is old, isn't she?
Mary is now on her own.
Mary is making her bed.
Mary is in in her room.
Mary is in her pajamas.
Mary is in her bedroom.
Mary is fat, isn't she?
Mary is doing her part.
Mary is doing her best.
Mary is all by herself.
Mary hurt her shoulder.
Mary hurt her left leg.
Mary hurt her left arm.
Mary hid under her bed.
Mary helped her father.
Mary held out her hand.
Mary held her hand out.
Mary has lost her keys.
Mary has done her best.
Mary had to go herself.
Mary had her palm read.
Mary gritted her teeth.
Mary got off her horse.
Mary got her car fixed.
Mary finished her beer.
Mary fell off her pony.
Mary dropped her phone.
Mary dropped her glass.
Mary does what she can.
Mary does her job well.
Mary died in her sleep.
Mary did it on her own.
Mary did it by herself.
Mary did all she could.
Mary covered her mouth.
Mary counted her money.
Mary corrected herself.
Mary closed her locker.
Mary clenched her fist.
Mary clapped her hands.
Mary checked her watch.
Mary checked her notes.
Mary changed her plans.
Mary canceled her trip.
Mary buttoned her coat.
Mary brushed her teeth.
Mary broke her promise.
Mary broke her glasses.
Mary altered her plans.
Mary admitted she lied.
Let Mary have her turn.
Does Mary like her job?
Does Mary dye her hair?
Ask Mary if she agrees.
Mary works on her own.
Mary wore herself out.
Mary will do her best.
Mary went to her room.
Mary wastes her money.
Mary washed her hands.
Mary vacuumed her car.
Mary unlocked her car.
Mary tuned her guitar.
Mary took off her wig.
Mary took off her hat.
Mary took off her cap.
Mary took her hat off.
Mary told Tom she won.
Mary told Tom her age.
Mary steadied herself.
Mary spit out her gum.
Mary sold Tom her car.
Mary skinned her knee.
Mary sipped her drink.
Mary set down her cup.
Mary says she's tired.
Mary says she's happy.
Mary says she's angry.
Mary says she'll wait.
Mary says she'll swim.
Mary says she'll sing.
Mary says she'll come.
Mary says she saw Tom.
Mary said she's tired.
Mary said she's ready.
Mary said she's broke.
Mary said she's bored.
Mary said she's angry.
Mary said she's alone.
Mary said she'll wait.
Mary said she'll sing.
Mary said she'd leave.
Mary said she'd do it.
Mary said she was mad.
Mary said Tom hit her.
Mary rose to her feet.
Mary removed her coat.
Mary ran for her life.
Mary raised her voice.
Mary raised her hands.
Mary put out her hand.
Mary put on her socks.
Mary put on her shoes.
Mary put on her boots.
Mary put her socks on.
Mary put her shoes on.
Mary put her shirt on.
Mary put her hands up.
Mary put her hand out.
Mary put her boots on.
Mary put down her pen.
Mary poisoned herself.
Mary opened her mouth.
Mary lost her mittens.
Mary lost her hearing.
Mary lost her glasses.
Mary lost her car key.
Mary lost her balance.
Mary lives by herself.
Mary knows her rights.
Mary knows I like her.
Mary kept her promise.
Mary kept her balance.
Mary keeps to herself.
Mary is in her office.
Mary is herself again.
Mary is OK, isn't she?
Mary hung up her coat.
Mary herself did that.
Mary held up her hand.
Mary hated her mother.
Mary has lost her key.
Mary has lost her job.
Mary has hurt her leg.
Mary has her own room.
Mary grabbed her keys.
Mary grabbed her coat.
Mary got on her horse.
Mary got off her bike.
Mary got into her car.
Mary gave me her word.
Mary gave me her card.
Mary enjoyed her stay.
Mary embraced her son.
Mary drank her coffee.
Mary did that herself.
Mary did her job well.
Mary did her homework.
Mary defended herself.
Mary covered her face.
Mary covered her eyes.
Mary covered her ears.
Mary closed her mouth.
Mary cleaned her room.
Mary changed her mind.
Mary brushed her hair.
Mary blinked her eyes.
Let Mary have her fun.
Is Mary in her office?
Did Mary kill herself?
Did Mary hurt herself?
Ask Mary where she is.
Ask Mary if she voted.
Tell Mary I miss her.
Mary went by herself.
Mary weighed herself.
Mary washed her face.
Mary totaled her car.
Mary told me she won.
Mary stubbed her toe.
Mary sipped her wine.
Mary signed her name.
Mary scalded her arm.
Mary says she's fine.
Mary says she's busy.
Mary sat at her desk.
Mary said she's well.
Mary said she's sick.
Mary said she's safe.
Mary said she's fine.
Mary said she's done.
Mary said she's cold.
Mary said she's busy.
Mary said she'd wait.
Mary said she'd help.
Mary said she'd come.
Mary said she was OK.
Mary said she snored.
Mary said she agreed.
Mary rubbed her eyes.
Mary raised her hand.
Mary put on her robe.
Mary put on her coat.
Mary put her coat on.
Mary packed her bags.
Mary opened her eyes.
Mary opened her book.
Mary nodded her head.
Mary needs her sleep.
Mary missed her stop.
Mary missed her kids.
Mary made it herself.
Mary lost her wallet.
Mary lost her ticket.
Mary lost her temper.
Mary lost her pencil.
Mary locked her door.
Mary lent me her car.
Mary knows her stuff.
Mary kept to herself.
Mary is in her prime.
Mary is her own boss.
Mary injured herself.
Mary honked her horn.
Mary herself said so.
Mary held her breath.
Mary has her reasons.
Mary has her own car.
Mary grabbed her bag.
Mary got to her feet.
Mary gave me her key.
Mary folded her arms.
Mary came by herself.
Mary burned her hand.
Mary broke her ankle.
Mary bites her nails.
Mary behaved herself.
Mary banged her knee.
Mary banged her head.
Mary waved her arms.
Mary tried her best.
Mary tied her shoes.
Mary sold her house.
Mary shook her head.
Mary sends her love.
Mary sat on her bed.
Mary sat by herself.
Mary said she's shy.
Mary said she's mad.
Mary said she'd win.
Mary said she'd try.
Mary ran to her car.
Mary put on her hat.
Mary put her hat on.
Mary pays her taxes.
Mary parked her car.
Mary opened her bag.
Mary needs her rest.
Mary loves her work.
Mary lost her voice.
Mary lost her phone.
Mary lost her money.
Mary locked her car.
Mary killed herself.
Mary keeps her word.
Mary is in her tent.
Mary is in her seat.
Mary is in her room.
Mary is at her desk.
Mary hugged her dog.
Mary hanged herself.
Mary got in her car.
Mary dried her eyes.
Mary drank her wine.
Mary did it herself.
Mary did her chores.
Mary dented her car.
Mary cut her finger.
Mary burned herself.
Mary bowed her head.
Mary ate her dinner.
Mary ate by herself.
Isn't her name Mary?
Mary used her head.
Mary took her time.
Mary took her seat.
Mary shut her eyes.
Mary set her alarm.
Mary says she's OK.
Mary paid her bill.
Mary loves her job.
Mary loved her job.
Mary loved her dog.
Mary lost her mind.
Mary lost her land.
Mary lost her cool.
Mary kept her word.
Mary is on her way.
Mary is on her own.
Mary is by herself.
Mary hurt her knee.
Mary hid her money.
Mary held her nose.
Mary hates her job.
Mary fired her gun.
Mary fed her horse.
Mary dyes her hair.
Mary dyed her hair.
Mary broke her leg.
Mary broke her jaw.
Mary broke her arm.
Mary blew her nose.
Is Mary on her way?
Give Mary her keys.
Mary sold her car.
Mary shot herself.
Mary said she won.
Mary lost her job.
Mary lost her hat.
Mary hurt herself.
Mary hurt her leg.
Mary got her wish.
Mary did her part.
Mary did her best.
Mary ate her fill.
Mary got her way.
Mary cut herself.
Is she Mary?
You're planning to take pictures tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on taking pictures tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning to help tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on helping tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning to help again tomorrow, aren't you?
You're planning on helping again tomorrow, aren't you?
You're not really planning to take pictures, are you?
You're not really planning on taking pictures, are you?
You're not really planning to help Tom, are you?
You're not really planning on helping Tom, are you?
You were planning to take pictures, weren't you?
You were planning on taking pictures, weren't you?
You were planning on helping us, weren't you?
You still plan to take pictures, don't you?
You still plan on taking pictures, don't you?
You still plan to join the team, don't you?
You still plan on joining the team, don't you?
You still plan to help us, don't you?
You still plan on helping us, don't you?
You still plan to help Tom, don't you?
You still plan on helping Tom, don't you?
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't planning to take pictures.
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't planning on taking pictures.
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't planning to help him.
You should tell Tom that Mary isn't planning on helping him.
You should tell Tom that Mary is planning to take pictures.
You should tell Tom that Mary is planning on taking pictures.
You should tell Tom that Mary is planning to join the team.
You should tell Tom that Mary is planning on joining the team.
You plan to take pictures, don't you?
You plan to on taking pictures, don't you?
You plan to join the team, don't you?
You plan to on joining the team, don't you?
You plan on taking pictures, don't you?
You're planning on taking pictures, aren't you?
You ought to tell Tom that you're planning to take pictures.
You ought to tell Tom that you're planning on taking pictures.
You ought to tell Tom that you're planning to join the team.
You ought to tell Tom that you're planning on joining the team.
You ought to tell Tom that you aren't planning to take pictures.
You ought to tell Tom that you aren't planning on taking pictures.
You know that Tom is still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know that Tom is still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know that I'm still planning to join the team, don't you?
You know that I'm still planning on joining the team, don't you?
You know that both Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary both want to do that, don't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan to join the team, didn't you?
You knew Tom didn't plan on joining the team, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning to join the team, didn't you?
You knew I wasn't planning on joining the team, didn't you?
You knew I was planning to take pictures, didn't you?
You knew I was planning on taking pictures, didn't you?
You knew I was planning to join the team, didn't you?
You knew I was planning on joining the team, didn't you?
You don't really plan to take pictures, do you?
You don't really plan on taking pictures, do you?
You don't really plan to join the team, do you?
You don't really plan on joining the team, do you?
You don't plan to take pictures, do you?
You don't plan on taking pictures, do you?
You don't plan to join the team, do you?
You don't plan on joining the team, do you?
You don't know how hard it was for Tom.
You don't know how difficult it was for Tom.
You didn't know if Tom would be able to do that or not, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning to join the team, did you?
You didn't know I was still planning on joining the team, did you?
You can't imagine how hard it was for Tom.
You can't imagine how difficult it was for Tom.
You can't imagine how hard it is for Tom.
You can't imagine how difficult it is for Tom.
You can do whatever you want to do.
Without his glasses, Tom can't see anything.
Without an ID, Tom won't be able to find work.
Tom won't be able to find work without an ID.
Will anyone else be there?
Will anybody else be there?
Why isn't there anyone here?
Why isn't there anybody here?
Why doesn't Tom ever hug Mary?
Why does Tom never hug Mary?
Why does Tom like to do that?
Why does Tom like doing that?
Why do you want to buy Tom this hat?
Why do you want to buy this hat for Tom?
Why are you always so nice to everyone?
Why are you always so nice to everybody?
Who would want to live in a place like this?
Who'd want to live in a place like this?
Who would kiss Tom?
Who'd kiss Tom?
Who would hurt Tom?
Who'd hurt Tom?
Who told you Tom kissed Mary?
Who told you that Tom kissed Mary?
When Tom saw Mary kissing John, he got angry.
When is Tom planning to take pictures?
When is Tom planning on taking pictures?
When is Tom planning to eat?
When is Tom planning on eating?
When do you plan to take pictures?
When do you plan on taking pictures?
When are you planning to take pictures?
When are you planning on taking pictures?
What's the time, Tom?
Tom, what's the time?
What're your plans for tomorrow?
What're your plans for this afternoon?
What are your plans for this afternoon?
What'll Tom be doing in Boston?
What will Tom be doing in Boston?
What Tom is wearing is inappropriate.
What Tom is wearing isn't appropriate.
What Tom is planning to do is dangerous.
What Tom is planning on doing is dangerous.
What time is it
What happened to Tom could've happened to anybody.
What do Tom plan on doing now?
What did you see exactly?
What are you doing wearing Tom's clothes?
Why are you wearing Tom's clothes?
What are you doing in Tom's clothes?
We've already started doing that.
We've already started to do that.
We're still planning to join the team.
We're still planning on joining the team.
We're planning to take pictures.
We're planning on taking pictures.
We're planning to take pictures tomorrow.
We're planning on taking pictures tomorrow.
We're planning to join the team.
We're planning on joining the team.
We plan to do that in the near future.
We plan on doing that in the near future.
We let Tom do whatever he wants.
We let Tom do whatever he wants to.
We didn't know if Tom would want to go with us or not.
We didn't know if Tom would want to eat with us or not.
Tom wouldn't tell anyone, would he?
Tom wouldn't tell anybody, would he?
Tom wouldn't talk to anyone.
Tom wouldn't speak to anyone.
Tom wouldn't speak to anybody.
Tom wouldn't allow that to happen.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to do what she wanted to do.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in the house.
Tom wouldn't let anybody in the house.
Tom wouldn't let anybody in his house.
Tom wouldn't let anyone in his home.
Tom wouldn't let anybody in his home.
Tom wouldn't let anyone help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let anybody help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let anyone do that.
Tom wouldn't let anybody do that.
Tom wondered why everyone was staring at Mary.
Tom wondered why everybody was staring at Mary.
Tom wondered if Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wondered whether Mary wanted to do that.
Tom wondered if Mary needed to do that.
Tom wondered whether Mary needed to do that.
Tom wondered if Mary had to do that.
Tom wondered whether Mary had to do that.
Tom wondered if he'd be safe here.
Tom wondered whether he'd be safe here.
Tom wondered if he should do that.
Tom wondered whether he should do that.
Tom wondered if he needed to do that.
Tom wondered whether he needed to do that.
Tom wondered if he had to do that.
Tom wondered whether he had to do that.
Tom won't likely buy ice cream.
Tom will unlikely buy ice cream.
Tom won't let anyone except Mary drive his car.
Tom won't let anyone but Mary drive his car.
Tom won't let anybody except Mary drive his car.
Tom won't let anybody but Mary drive his car.
Tom won't hurt anyone.
Tom won't hurt anybody.
Tom won't hurt anyone else.
Tom won't hurt anybody else.
Tom won't hurt anyone again.
Tom won't hurt anybody again.
Tom won't be able to do that alone. Someone will have to help him.
Tom won't be able to do that alone. Somebody will have to help him.
Tom wired Mary some money.
Tom will have a hard time.
Tom will have a difficult time.
Tom will do that unless someone stops him.
Tom will do that unless somebody stops him.
Tom will do that if no one stops him.
Tom will do that if nobody stops him.
Tom will also buy Mary a pair of earrings.
Tom will also buy a pair of earrings for Mary.
Tom wasn't very nice to anyone.
Tom wasn't very nice to anybody.
Tom wasn't sure if he should do that or not.
Tom wasn't sure whether he could do that or not.
Tom was very nice to everyone.
Tom was very nice to everybody.
Tom was sure that everyone saw Mary.
Tom was sure that everybody saw Mary.
Tom was planning to take pictures.
Tom was planning on taking pictures.
Tom was just as surprised as Mary.
Tom was just as surprised as Mary was.
Tom was born on the 20th of October.
Tom was born on the twentieth of October.
Tom was aware that everyone was looking at Mary.
Tom was aware that everybody was looking at Mary.
Tom was aware that everybody was looking at him.
Tom wants to throw all this stuff away.
Tom wants to throw all of this stuff away.
Tom wants to get someone to do that for Mary.
Tom wants to get somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom wants to buy Mary a fur coat.
Tom wants to buy a fur coat for Mary.
Tom wants someone to help Mary.
Tom wants somebody to help Mary.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but he knew he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to hug Mary, but knew he shouldn't.
Tom wanted to get someone to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted to get somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom tried to do that by himself, but he couldn't.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom told me that he wouldn't be able to buy what he needed for three hundred dollars.
Tom told me that he was planning to leave his wife.
Tom told me that he was planning on leaving his wife.
Tom told me someone was trying to kill Mary.
Tom told me somebody was trying to kill Mary.
Tom told me he wasn't planning to join the team.
Tom told me he wasn't planning on joining the team.
Tom told me he plans to take pictures.
Tom told me he plans on taking pictures.
Tom told me he plans to join the team.
Tom told me he plans on joining the team.
Tom told me he had lied.
Tom told me that he had lied.
Tom told me he had a knife I could borrow.
Tom told me he had a knife that I could borrow.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning to join the team.
Tom told Mary that he wasn't planning on joining the team.
Tom told Mary that he was planning to join the team.
Tom told Mary that he was planning on joining the team.
Tom told Mary that he was planning to help.
Tom told Mary he was planning to help.
Tom told Mary he was planning on helping.
Tom told Mary that he was planning to get married.
Tom told Mary that he was planning on getting married.
Tom told Mary that he was planning on helping.
Tom told Mary that he was going to give her his old guitar.
Tom told Mary that he was going to give his old guitar to her.
Tom told Mary she could eat anything she wanted.
Tom told Mary she could eat anything she wanted to.
Tom told Mary he didn't plan to buy anything.
Tom told Mary he didn't plan on buying anything.
Tom told everyone that Mary would be there.
Tom told everybody that Mary would be there.
Tom told everyone that Mary was there.
Tom told everybody that Mary was there.
Tom told everyone that Mary was in Boston.
Tom told everybody that Mary was in Boston.
Tom told everyone that Mary was a good cook.
Tom told everybody that Mary was a good cook.
Tom told everyone that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told everybody that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom told everyone that Mary knew how to speak French.
Tom told everybody that Mary knew how to speak French.
Tom told everyone that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom told everybody that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom told everyone that Mary didn't like him.
Tom told everybody that Mary didn't like him.
Tom told everyone that Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom told everybody that Mary didn't know how to do that.
Tom told everyone that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom told everybody that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom told everyone that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told everybody that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom told everyone that Mary could speak French.
Tom told everybody that Mary could speak French.
Tom told everyone that Mary could do that.
Tom told everybody that Mary could do that.
Tom thought Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom thought Mary wasn't likely to do that.
Tom thinks he's smarter than anybody else.
Tom swore he wouldn't ever lie to me again.
Tom swore he'd never lie to me again.
Tom swore he wouldn't ever do that.
Tom swore he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom started taking his shoes off.
Tom started taking off his shoes.
Tom sold Mary his old car.
Tom sold his old car to Mary.
Tom shouldn't have been walking in the park alone at night.
Tom shouldn't have been walking in the park by himself at night.
Tom should've bought Mary a birthday present.
Tom should've bought a birthday present for Mary.
Tom should let Mary eat as much as she wants.
Tom should let Mary eat as much as she wants to.
Tom should do everything they tell him.
Tom should do everything they tell him to do.
Tom ought to do everything they tell him.
Tom ought to do everything they tell him to do.
Tom sent Mary the pictures he took at the picnic.
Tom sent the pictures he took at the picnic to Mary.
Tom says that he plans to take pictures.
Tom says that he plans on taking pictures.
Tom says Mary may forget to do that if you don't remind her.
Tom says Mary might forget to do that if you don't remind her.
Tom says Mary likes eating at Chuck's Diner.
Tom says Mary likes to eat at Chuck's Diner.
Tom says Mary is planning to take pictures tomorrow.
Tom says Mary is planning on taking pictures tomorrow.
Tom says Mary can eat anything she wants.
Tom says Mary can eat anything she wants to.
Tom says he's planning to take pictures.
Tom says he's planning on taking pictures.
Tom says he's planning to take pictures of Mary tomorrow.
Tom says he's planning on taking pictures of Mary tomorrow.
Tom says he's planning to live here for the rest of his life.
Tom says he's planning on living here for the rest of his life.
Tom says he's planning to buy Mary a gift.
Tom says he's planning on buying Mary a gift.
Tom says he's planning to buy a gift for Mary.
Tom says he's planning on buying a gift for Mary.
Tom says he didn't plan to buy anything.
Tom says he didn't plan on buying anything.
Tom says he and Mary haven't yet discussed that.
Tom says he and Mary haven't discussed that yet.
Tom saw Mary having lunch with John.
Tom saw Mary eating lunch with John.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely do that.
Tom said that Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't like doing that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said that Mary would do that, too.
Tom said that Mary would also do that.
Tom said that Mary would do that as well.
Tom said that Mary won't like doing that.
Tom said that Mary won't like to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't planning to go anywhere.
Tom said that Mary wasn't planning on going anywhere.
Tom said that Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said that Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said that Mary should've done that alone.
Tom said that Mary should've done that by herself.
Tom said that Mary doesn't like doing that.
Tom said that Mary doesn't like to do that.
Tom said that Mary didn't like doing that.
Tom said that Mary didn't like to do that.
Tom said that Mary couldn't have done that alone.
Tom said that Mary couldn't have done that by herself.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to buy anything.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on buying anything.
Tom said that he didn't really plan to buy anything.
Tom said that he didn't really plan on buying anything.
Tom said nobody else was willing to help Mary.
Tom said no one else was willing to help Mary.
Tom said nobody else could help Mary.
Tom said no one else could help Mary.
Tom said no one had done anything yet.
Tom said nobody had done anything yet.
Tom said no one could help Mary.
Tom said nobody could help Mary.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning to buy anything for herself.
Tom said Mary wasn't planning on buying anything for herself.
Tom said Mary was planning to eat lunch at Chuck's Diner.
Tom said Mary was planning on eating lunch at Chuck's Diner.
Tom said Mary told him he could eat anything in the fridge.
Tom said Mary told him he could eat anything in the refrigerator.
Tom said Mary likes driving.
Tom said Mary likes to drive.
Tom said Mary doesn't like to eat at fast food restaurants.
Tom said Mary doesn't like eating at fast food restaurants.
Tom said Mary didn't like eating out.
Tom said Mary didn't like to eat out.
Tom said he's not planning to buy anything.
Tom said he's not planning on buying anything.
Tom said he's not mad at Mary.
Tom said he isn't mad at Mary.
Tom said he wanted to spend some time alone.
Tom said he wanted to spend some time by himself.
Tom said he may walk to work tomorrow.
Tom said he might walk to work tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't expect anyone to help Mary.
Tom said he didn't expect anybody to help Mary.
Tom said he'd been offered $3,000.
Tom said he'd been offered three thousand dollars.
Tom plans to walk home.
Tom plans on walking home.
Tom planned to stay in Boston for a few days.
Tom planned on staying in Boston for a few days.
Tom passed away Monday.
Tom no longer sits in the front of the classroom.
Tom doesn't sit in the front of the classroom anymore.
Tom never told Mary that he was married.
Tom never told Mary he was married.
Tom never tells anyone anything.
Tom never tells anybody anything.
Tom never planned to go back to Boston.
Tom never planned on going back to Boston.
Tom never had to walk anywhere when he was a kid.
Tom never had to walk anywhere when he was a child.
Tom needs to do everything they tell him.
Tom needs to do everything they tell him to do.
Tom needs someone to help him.
Tom needs someone to help him do that.
Tom needs somebody to help him do that.
Tom needed someone he could trust.
Tom needed somebody he could trust.
Tom needs somebody to help Mary.
Tom needed someone to help Mary.
Tom needs much more than three hundred dollars.
Tom needs a lot more than three hundred dollars.
Tom nearly died.
Tom must like walking.
Tom must like to walk.
Tom may want to walk home with you.
Tom might want to walk home with you.
Tom may not pass the test.
Tom might not pass the test.
Tom may not have to take the test.
Tom might not have to take the test.
Tom may not have died in the accident.
Tom might not have died in the accident.
Tom may need to walk home.
Tom might need to walk home.
Tom may kiss Mary today.
Tom might kiss Mary today.
Tom may join our team.
Tom might join our team.
Tom may help us today.
Tom might help us today.
Tom may have to walk home.
Tom might have to walk home.
Tom may have lied to us about that.
Tom might've lied to us about that.
Tom may have done this.
Tom might've done this.
Tom may go if he wants.
Tom may go if he wants to.
Tom may be missing Mary now.
Tom might be missing Mary now.
Tom may be lying.
Tom might be lying.
Tom made Mary some chicken soup.
Tom made some chicken soup for Mary.
Tom lives in a small town where everyone knows everything about everyone.
Tom lives in a small town where everybody knows everything about everybody.
Tom lives in a small town where everyone knows everyone.
Tom lives in a small town where everybody knows everyone.
Tom lives in a small town where everyone knows each other.
Tom lives in a small town where everybody knows each other.
Tom likes to go for walks alone.
Tom likes to go for walks by himself.
Tom likes talking about his children.
Tom likes to talk about his children.
Tom knows who gave Mary that.
Tom knows who gave that to Mary.
Tom knows that I'm older than him.
Tom knows that I'm older than he is.
Tom knows nothing about Mary.
Tom knew why no one liked Mary.
Tom knew why nobody liked Mary.
Tom knew that somebody was following Mary.
Tom knew that someone was following Mary.
Tom isn't very nice to anyone.
Tom isn't very nice to anybody.
Tom isn't planning to come home for dinner.
Tom isn't planning on coming home for dinner.
Tom is very nice to everyone.
Tom is very nice to everybody.
Tom is sure that everyone saw Mary.
Tom is sure that everybody saw Mary.
Tom is rich, but he's not happy.
Tom is probably going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom is probably going to have a difficult time doing that.
Tom is probably going to be hard to get along with.
Tom is probably going to be difficult to get along with.
Tom is planning to major in zoology.
Tom is planning on majoring in zoology.
Tom is planning to have his house repainted.
Tom is planning on having his house repainted.
Tom is never going to hurt anyone again.
Tom is never going to hurt anybody again.
Tom is much more intelligent that Mary.
Tom is much more intelligent that Mary is.
Tom is looking for somebody to help Mary.
Tom is looking for someone to help Mary.
Tom is likely going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom is likely going to have a difficult time doing that.
Tom is hungry as well.
Tom is hungry, too.
Tom is going to tell Mary he isn't busy.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's not busy.
Tom is going to tell Mary he doesn't plan to do that.
Tom is going to tell Mary he doesn't plan on doing that.
Tom is going to stay here till next Monday.
Tom is going to stay here until next Monday.
Tom is going to do that unless someone stops him.
Tom is going to do that unless somebody stops him.
Tom is going to do that if no one stops him.
Tom is going to do that if nobody stops him.
Tom is fat and everyone makes fun of him.
Tom is fat and everybody makes fun of him.
Tom is a pretty good jazz saxophonist.
Tom is a pretty good jazz saxophone player.
Tom heard somebody calling his name.
Tom hasn't yet talked to Mary.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary yet.
Tom hasn't yet died.
Tom hasn't died yet
Tom has to do everything they tell him.
Tom has to do everything they tell him to do.
Tom has lots of foreign stamps.
Tom has a lot of foreign stamps.
Tom has been very nice to everyone.
Tom has been very nice to everybody.
Tom has been planning to do that for months.
Tom has been planning on doing that for months.
Tom has been living in Boston since he was three.
Tom has been living in Boston since he was three years old.
Tom has been drinking wine since he was thirteen.
Tom has been drinking wine since he was thirteen years old.
Tom has already started doing that.
Tom has already started to do that.
Tom got home a little after Mary.
Tom got home a little after Mary did.
Tom gets to do whatever he wants.
Tom gets to do whatever he wants to.
Tom gave Mary one of the puppies.
Tom gave one of the puppies to Mary.
Tom gave Mary an expensive watch.
Tom gave an expensive watch to Mary.
Tom gave all the money he had to Mary.
Tom gave Mary a diamond bracelet.
Tom gave a diamond bracelet to Mary.
Tom fooled everyone.
Tom felt somebody touch his shoulder.
Tom felt someone touch his shoulder.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anyone now.
Tom doesn't want to talk to anybody now.
Tom doesn't trust anyone except Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anyone but Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anybody except Mary.
Tom doesn't trust anybody but Mary.
Tom doesn't let anyone drive his car.
Tom doesn't let anybody drive his car.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will be here or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will be here or not.
Tom doesn't have a lot of friends.
Tom does whatever Mary tells him.
Tom does whatever Mary tells him to do.
Tom didn't want to spend Valentine's Day by himself.
Tom didn't want to spend Valentine's Day alone.
Tom didn't want anyone to talk to Mary.
Tom didn't want anybody to talk to Mary.
Tom didn't want anybody to see him.
Tom didn't want anybody to see him doing that.
Tom didn't want anyone to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't want anybody to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize Mary.
Tom didn't think that anybody would recognize Mary.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he was married.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was married.
Tom didn't see anybody else in the park.
Tom didn't say anything to anyone.
Tom didn't say anything to anybody.
Tom didn't plan to go back to Boston.
Tom didn't plan on going back to Boston.
Tom didn't know if Mary was telling him the truth or not.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was telling him the truth or not.
Tom didn't have a lot of friends.
Tom didn't have many friends.
Tom did the right thing, I think.
Tom did nothing else that day.
Tom didn't do anything else that day.
Tom decided to buy Mary a pearl necklace.
Tom decided to buy a pearl necklace for Mary.
Tom couldn't see anyone.
Tom couldn't open the jar, so he asked Mary to.
Tom couldn't open the jar, so he asked Mary to open it
Tom couldn't find anyone to help Mary.
Tom couldn't find anybody to help Mary.
Tom couldn't find anyone to go with him, so he went by herself.
Tom couldn't find anybody to go with him, so he went by herself.
Tom could do nothing except wait.
Tom could do nothing but wait.
Tom bought Mary flowers and a box of chocolates.
Tom bought flowers and a box of chocolates for Mary.
Tom bought Mary a microscope.
Tom bought a microscope for Mary.
Tom blamed everyone except himself.
Tom blamed everybody except himself.
Tom became very drunk.
Tom appears to be waiting for somebody.
Tom apparently can speak French.
Tom can apparently speak French.
Tom and Mary were inseparable when they were kids.
Tom and Mary were inseparable when they were children.
Tom and Mary talked about their children.
Tom and Mary say they've already discussed that.
Tom and Mary say they've discussed that already.
Tom and Mary said no one had asked them to do that.
Tom and Mary said nobody had asked them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't have a lot in common.
Tom and Mary both want to eat steak for dinner.
Both Tom and Mary want to eat steak for dinner.
Tom and Mary both sat in the front of the auditorium.
Both Tom and Mary sat in the front of the auditorium.
Tom and Mary both plan to do that.
Tom and Mary both plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary both like chocolate ice cream.
Both Tom and Mary like chocolate ice cream.
Tom and Mary both lied to us.
Both Tom and Mary lied to us.
Tom and Mary both kissed John goodnight.
Both Tom and Mary kissed John goodnight.
Tom and Mary are planning to eat out tonight.
Tom and Mary are planning on eating out tonight.
Tom and Mary are both sitting over there.
Both Tom and Mary are sitting over there.
Tom and Mary are both here.
Both Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and I were like brothers when we were kids.
Tom and I were like brothers when we were children.
Tom and I have discussed that already.
Tom and I have already discussed that.
Tom and I don't have a lot in common.
There are no stores near my house.
There aren't any stores near my house.
The snow has already melted.
The snow has melted already.
The problem is that we don't know whether we can trust Tom or not.
Sooner or later, I'll get around to doing that.
I'll get around to doing that sooner or later.
Someone other than Tom did that.
Somebody other than Tom did that.
Someone is waiting for Tom.
Somebody is waiting for Tom.
Someone broke into Tom's office last night.
Somebody broke into Tom's office last night.
Please tell Tom I'll be late.
Please tell Tom that I'll be late.
Please make sure we have enough food for everybody.
Over the years, Tom has bought Mary a lot of jewelry.
Over the years, Tom has bought a lot of jewelry for Mary.
Not everyone likes doing this.
Not everybody likes doing this.
Not everyone can do that.
Not everybody can do that.
Normally, someone else does this for us.
Normally, somebody else does this for us.
No one's ever asked me that question before.
Nobody's ever asked me that question before.
No one seems to care about my problems.
Nobody seems to care about my problems.
No one knows exactly where Tom will go.
Nobody knows exactly where Tom will go.
No one kisses Tom anymore.
Nobody kisses Tom anymore.
No one kissed Tom.
Nobody kissed Tom.
No one is going to tell Tom and Mary that they can't do that.
Nobody is going to tell Tom and Mary that they can't do that.
No one hugs Tom anymore.
Nobody hugs Tom anymore.
No one hugged Tom.
Nobody hugged Tom.
No one has ever kissed Tom.
Nobody has ever kissed Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever tried doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever tried to do that.
Mary told me that she wanted Tom to buy a necklace for her.
Mary told me that she wanted Tom to buy her a necklace.
Mary told everyone that she was Tom's wife.
Mary told everybody that she was Tom's wife.
Mary said that Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary said Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary said she was planning to visit an old boyfriend in Boston.
Mary said she was planning on visiting an old boyfriend in Boston.
Let's buy Tom a baseball glove.
Let's buy a baseball glove for Tom.
Let Tom know I'll be late.
Let Tom know that I'll be late.
It's unlikely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
It's not likely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
It isn't likely that Tom will do that tomorrow.
It's so simple even a child could do it.
It's so simple that even a child could do it.
It's probably going to be hard to do that.
It's probably going to be difficult to do that.
It's probably going to be hard for you to do that.
It's probably going to be difficult for you to do that.
It's probably going to be hard for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be difficult for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be hard for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be difficult for Tom to do that.
It's not going to ever happen anymore.
It's not ever going to happen anymore.
It's going to be very hard get there on time.
It's going to be very difficult get there on time.
It's going to be harder than you think.
It's going to be more difficult than you think.
It's going to be hard to persuade Tom.
It's going to be difficult to persuade Tom.
It's going to be hard to get them to give us a discount.
It's going to be difficult to get them to give us a discount.
It's going to be hard to forget you.
It's going to be difficult to forget you.
It's going to be hard to find someone to do that.
It's going to be difficult to find someone to do that.
It's going to be hard to find someone to do that for you.
It's going to be difficult to find someone to do that for you.
It's going to be hard to find somebody to do that for you.
It's going to be difficult to find somebody to do that for you.
It's going to be hard to find a job now.
It's going to be difficult to find a job now.
It's going to be hard to figure out what caused the problem.
It's going to be difficult to figure out what caused the problem.
It's going to be hard to do that.
It's going to be hard to do that that way.
It's going to be difficult to do that that way.
It's going to be hard to do that now.
It's going to be difficult to do that now.
It's going to be hard to determine what caused the problem.
It's going to be difficult to determine what caused the problem.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to sing.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to sing.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to sell his house.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to sell his house.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to help.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to help us clean the garage.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to help us clean the garage.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to go with us.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to go with us.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom to do that.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom to do that.
It's going to be hard to convince Tom not to do that.
It's going to be difficult to convince Tom not to do that.
It's going to be hard for Tom to win.
It's going to be difficult for Tom to win.
It's going to be hard for Tom to do that.
It's going to be difficult for Tom to do that.
It's going to be hard for me to do that.
It's going to be difficult for me to do that.
It won't be so hard to do that.
It won't be so difficult to do that.
It sounds like both Tom and Mary want to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary both want to do that.
It seems that both Tom and Mary want to do that.
It seems that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
It seems that both Tom and Mary like classical music.
It seems that Tom and Mary both like classical music.
It seems like Tom and Mary like doing that together.
It seems like Tom and Mary like to do that together.
It looks like Tom is waiting for somebody.
It looks like both Tom and Mary want to leave.
It looks like Tom and Mary both want to leave.
It looks like both Tom and Mary want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary both want to do that.
It looks both like Tom and Mary have left.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both left.
Is it true that both Tom and Mary want to do that?
Is it true that Tom and Mary both want to do that?
If Tom couldn't do that, no one will be able to.
If Tom couldn't do that, nobody will be able to.
If both Tom and Mary want me to do that, I will.
If Tom and Mary both want me to do that, I will.
I've just moved to Boston and I don't know anyone here yet.
I've just moved to Boston and I don't know anybody here yet.
I'm worried that Tom may not be able to do what we've asked him to do.
I'm worried that Tom might not be able to do what we've asked him to do.
I'm sure Tom lied to you.
I'm sure that Tom lied to you.
I'm sure Tom did the best he could.
I'm sure that Tom did the best he could.
I'm sure both Tom and Mary have to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I'm sure both Tom and Mary are OK.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are both OK.
I'm pretty sure Tom is now in Boston.
I'm pretty sure Tom is in Boston now.
I'm not sure Tom would let anyone help Mary.
I'm not sure Tom would let anybody help Mary.
I'm not sure that's what both Tom and Mary want.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary both want.
I'm not sure that both Tom and Mary want to go there.
I'm not sure that Tom and Mary both want to go there.
I'm glad we could do that for Tom.
I'm glad we were able to do that for Tom.
I'll tell Tom to do that if I don't forget.
I'll tell Tom to do that if I don't forget to.
I'll tell Tom to come if I don't forget.
I'll tell Tom to come if I don't forget to.
I'll tell Tom about the meeting if I don't forget.
I'll tell Tom about the meeting if I don't forget to.
I'll phone you as soon as I arrive in Boston.
I'll phone you as soon as I get to Boston.
I'll need to do that eventually.
I'll eventually need to do that.
I'll have to do that eventually.
I'll eventually have to do that.
I'll give these books to anyone wants them.
I'll give these books to anybody wants them.
I'll do that if both Tom and Mary want me to.
I'll do that if Tom and Mary both want me to.
I'll do that again if both Tom and Mary want me to.
I'll do that again if Tom and Mary both want me to.
I'll be there as soon as I possible.
I'll be there as soon as I can get there.
I'd never try doing that by myself.
I'd like to know what you're planning to do.
I'd like to know what you're planning on doing.
I'd like to be as tall as Tom.
I'd like to be as tall as Tom is.
I wonder whether both Tom and Mary like doing that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary both like to do that.
I wonder whether both Tom and Mary have left.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary have both left.
I wonder if Tom will notice the difference.
I wonder whether Tom will notice the difference.
I wonder if Tom really kissed Mary yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom really kissed Mary yesterday.
I wonder if Tom really did that by himself.
I wonder if Tom really did that alone.
I wonder if Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I wonder if Tom kissed Mary goodnight last night.
I wonder whether Tom kissed Mary goodnight last night.
I wonder if Tom and Mary would want to sing with us.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary would want to sing with us.
I wonder if somebody could tell me what needs to be done.
I wonder if someone could tell me what needs to be done.
I wonder if somebody could tell me what I should do.
I wonder if someone could tell me what I should do.
I wonder if both Tom and Mary have left.
I wonder if Tom and Mary have both left.
I wonder if both Tom and Mary have done that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary have both done that.
I won't let anybody hurt Tom.
I want to know whether you've heard from Tom.
I want to know whether you've been talking to Tom.
I want to know whether Tom will be here this afternoon.
I told you I don't know if Tom will tell the truth or not.
I told you I don't know whether Tom will tell the truth or not.
I think Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning to do.
I think Tom should lie to Mary about what he's planning on doing.
I think Tom might have a drinking problem.
I think Tom may have a drinking problem.
I think Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
I think Tom didn't want to do that alone.
I think Tom and Mary like playing tennis together.
I think Tom and Mary like to play tennis together.
I think Tom and Mary are both single.
I think both Tom and Mary are single.
I think that's not going to happen today.
I don't think that's going to happen today.
I think that's not going to happen soon.
I don't think that's going to happen soon.
I think that won't happen.
I think that both Tom and Mary want to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary want you to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both want you to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary both want to go to Boston.
I think both Tom and Mary want to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary both want to do that tomorrow.
I think both Tom and Mary want to come with us.
I think Tom and Mary both want to come with us.
I think both Tom and Mary want something to eat.
I think Tom and Mary both want something to eat.
I think both Tom and Mary have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have passed away.
I think Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I think both Tom and Mary have lied to us.
I think Tom and Mary both have lied to us.
I think both Tom and Mary have given up hope.
I think Tom and Mary have both given up hope.
I think both Tom and Mary have done that.
I think Tom and Mary have both done that.
I think both Tom and Mary have been crying.
I think Tom and Mary have both been crying.
I think both Tom and Mary are tired.
I think Tom and Mary are both tired.
I think both Tom and Mary are sorry.
I think Tom and Mary are both sorry.
I think both Tom and Mary are smart.
I think Tom and Mary are both smart.
I think both Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I think Tom and Mary are both sleepy.
I think both Tom and Mary are sick.
I think Tom and Mary are both sick.
I think both Tom and Mary are shy.
I think Tom and Mary are both shy.
I think both Tom and Mary are safe.
I think Tom and Mary are both safe.
I think both Tom and Mary are right.
I think Tom and Mary are both right.
I think both Tom and Mary are ready.
I think Tom and Mary are both ready.
I think Tom and Mary are both lying.
I think both Tom and Mary are here.
I think Tom and Mary are both here.
I think both Tom and Mary are funny.
I think Tom and Mary are both funny.
I think both Tom and Mary are drunk.
I think Tom and Mary are both drunk.
I think both Tom and Mary are crazy.
I think Tom and Mary are both crazy.
I think both Tom and Mary are busy.
I think Tom and Mary are both busy.
I think both Tom and Mary are bored.
I think Tom and Mary are both bored.
I think both Tom and Mary are blind.
I think Tom and Mary are both blind.
I think both Tom and Mary are awake.
I think Tom and Mary are both awake.
I sometimes walk to work and sometimes ride my bike.
I sometimes walk to work and I sometimes ride my bike.
I rarely drive my father's car.
I hardly ever drive my father's car.
I ran into Tom in Boston last week.
I ran into Tom last week in Boston.
I plan to go home for Christmas.
I plan on going home for Christmas.
I plan to drive my sports car today.
I plan on driving my sports car today.
I plan to be here until about 2:30.
I plan on being here until about 2:30.
I plan on lying to Tom about where we went.
I plan to lie to Tom about where we went.
I never used to kiss Tom goodbye in the morning, but I do now.
I used to never kiss Tom goodbye in the morning, but I do now.
I need someone to help me do that.
I need somebody to help me do that.
I may need to tell Tom about that.
I might need to tell Tom about that.
I may need to lie to Tom about that.
I might need to lie to Tom about that.
I may have to tell Tom about that.
I might have to tell Tom about that.
I may have to lie to Tom about that.
I might have to lie to Tom about that.
I may drive to Boston.
I might drive to Boston.
I like how you do that.
I know that Tom will help me do that.
I know Tom better than anyone else does.
I know Tom better than anybody else does.
I know that both Tom and Mary want to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary both want to do that.
I know that both Tom and Mary like classical music.
I know that Tom and Mary both like classical music.
I know that both Tom and Mary have been sick.
I know that Tom and Mary have both been sick.
I know that both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I know that Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
I know how busy both Tom and Mary have been.
I know how busy Tom and Mary have both been.
I know both Tom and Mary have to leave.
I know Tom and Mary both have to leave.
I know both Tom and Mary have to leave soon.
I know Tom and Mary both have to leave soon.
I know both Tom and Mary have to do that.
I know Tom and Mary both have to do that.
I know both Tom and Mary have passed away.
I know Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I know both Tom and Mary have done that.
I know Tom and Mary have both done that.
I know both Tom and Mary have been injured.
I know Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I know both Tom and Mary have been hurt.
I know Tom and Mary have both been hurt.
I know both Tom and Mary are unhappy.
I know Tom and Mary are both unhappy.
I know both Tom and Mary are rich.
I know Tom and Mary are both rich.
I hope no one goes home hungry.
I hope nobody goes home hungry.
I hope it's not too hot tomorrow.
I hope it isn't too hot tomorrow.
I hope it's not too cold tomorrow.
I hope it isn't too cold tomorrow.
I hope both Tom and Mary have a good time.
I hope Tom and Mary both have a good time.
I hope both Tom and Mary are coming.
I hope Tom and Mary are both coming.
I hear both Tom and Mary have resigned.
I hear Tom and Mary have both resigned.
I hear both Tom and Mary have quit school.
I hear Tom and Mary have both quit school.
I had to walk three miles to school when I was a kid.
I had to walk three miles to school when I was a child.
I grew up in a small town where everyone knows each other.
I grew up in a small town where everybody knows each other.
I gave thirty dollars to Tom.
I gave Tom a couple of apples.
I gave a couple of apples to Tom.
I found out both Tom and Mary like romance novels.
I found out Tom and Mary both like romance novels.
I don't yet know whether Tom will go with me tomorrow or not.
I don't yet know whether Tom will go camping with us or not.
I don't think anyone does that.
I don't think anybody does that.
I don't speak French as well as I'd like.
I don't speak French as well as I'd like to.
I don't read as much as I'd like to.
I don't read as many books as I'd like to.
I don't know if you'd remember Tom or not.
I don't know if what Tom said is true or not.
I don't know whether what Tom said is true or not.
I don't know if we can help Tom or not.
I don't know whether we can help Tom or not.
I don't know whether we can do that without Tom's permission.
I don't know whether Tom works there or not.
I don't know if Tom will tell the truth or not.
I don't know whether Tom will tell the truth or not.
I don't know if Tom will eat with us or not.
I don't know whether Tom will come tomorrow or not.
I don't know if Tom will come by car or by bicycle.
I don't know if Tom will be here tonight or not.
I don't know if Tom will agree to go or not.
I don't know if Tom will agree to do that or not.
I don't know if Tom still lives in Boston or not
I don't know whether Tom still live in Boston or not
I don't know if Tom is angry or not.
I don't know whether Tom is angry or not.
I don't know if Tom has done that yet or not.
I don't know whether Tom has done that yet or not.
I didn't know whether Tom would do that or not.
I didn't know if Tom would come by car or by bicycle.
I didn't know if Tom would agree to go or not.
I didn't know if Tom would agree to do that or not.
I can't help but wonder whether Tom will be at school tomorrow.
I can't believe that Tom did that.
I can't believe both Tom and Mary have gone.
I can't believe Tom and Mary have both gone.
I can prove Tom lied.
I can prove that Tom lied.
How much water does it take to fill your swimming pool?
How much water does it take to fill up your swimming pool?
How many pictures does Tom plan to take?
How many pictures does Tom plan on taking?
How many pictures do you plan to take?
How many pictures do you plan on taking?
How many pictures do are you planning to take?
How many pictures do are you planning on taking?
How many kilos have you lost?
How many kilograms have you lost?
How many kilos have you lost so far?
How many kilograms have you lost so far?
How many kilos has Tom lost?
How many kilograms has Tom lost?
How many kilos has Tom lost so far?
How many kilograms has Tom lost so far?
How many kilos do you want to lose?
How many kilograms do you want to lose?
How many kilos do you think I need to lose?
How many kilograms do you think I need to lose?
How many kilos did you lose?
How many kilograms did you lose?
How many kilos did you lose last month?
How many kilograms did you lose last month?
How many kilos did you actually lose?
How many kilograms did you actually lose?
How many kilos did Tom lose?
How many kilograms did Tom lose?
How many kilos did Tom lose last summer?
How many kilograms did Tom lose last summer?
How long do you plan to help?
How long do you plan on helping?
How does Tom plan on paying for this?
How does Tom plan on paying for that?
How do you know Tom kissed Mary?
How do you know that Tom kissed Mary?
Have you given anyone a gift recently?
Have you given anybody a gift recently?
Have Tom and Mary both already eaten?
Have both Tom and Mary already eaten?
Finding Tom wasn't hard.
Finding Tom wasn't difficult.
Everyone went home disappointed.
Everybody went home disappointed.
Everyone was there except Tom.
Everybody was there except Tom.
Everyone needs to feel loved.
Everybody needs to feel loved.
Everybody knows you.
Everyone knows Tom lied.
Everybody knows Tom lied.
Everyone hugged Tom.
Everybody hugged Tom.
Everyone here knows Tom is in Boston.
Everybody here knows Tom is in Boston.
Everyone at school knows Tom.
Everybody at school knows Tom.
Don't tell anyone else what I just told you.
Don't tell anybody else what I just told you.
Do you think anyone would mind if I did that?
Do you think anyone would mind if I parked my car here?
Do you plan to let Tom drive?
Do you plan on letting Tom drive?
Do Tom and Mary both eat meat?
Do both Tom and Mary eat meat?
Didn't you know both Tom and Mary like watching baseball on TV?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary both like watching baseball on TV?
Did anyone kiss Tom?
Did anybody kiss Tom?
Did anyone hug Tom?
Did anybody hug Tom?
Did anyone else hug Tom?
Did anybody else hug Tom?
Both Tom and Mary will get fired if they don't do that.
Tom and Mary will both get fired if they don't do that.
Both Tom and Mary will eat lunch with us.
Tom and Mary both will eat lunch with us.
Both Tom and Mary want to eat strawberry ice cream.
Tom and Mary both want to eat strawberry ice cream.
Both Tom and Mary used to do that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary both used to do that when they were younger.
Both Tom and Mary sat in the front of the classroom.
Tom and Mary both sat in the front of the classroom.
Both Tom and Mary plan to do that.
Both Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
Both Tom and Mary hugged John.
Tom and Mary both hugged John.
Both Tom and Mary have lied to us.
Tom and Mary have both lied to us.
Both Tom and Mary have already eaten.
Tom and Mary have both already eaten.
Both Tom and Mary ate lunch with us.
Tom and Mary both ate lunch with us.
Both Tom and I lied to you.
Tom and I both lied to you.
A year ago Monday, Tom moved to Boston.
Tom moved to Boston a year ago Monday.
I think Tom will be able to buy a pair of ice skates his size at the sports store near the art museum.
I think Tom may be able to buy the kind of shoes he's looking for at the sports store on Park Street.
It's going to take longer to tell you how to do that than to just go ahead and do it myself.
"Would you like to go to a movie this weekend?" "I'm sorry I can't, but thanks for asking."
It's going to take longer to tell you how to do it than to just go ahead and do it myself.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed unless he lent me $30.
I told Tom that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed for less than $30.
It's going to take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor.
It's going to take some time, but eventually Tom will be able to walk again.
How would you feel if you saw someone romantically kissing your girlfriend?
People see things differently depending on whether they're rich or poor.
It's going to take at least one more hour to finish writing this report.
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to finish writing the report?
The last time I saw Mary she was wearing a pink blouse and a red skirt.
Mary was the only other girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's going to take at least another hour to finish writing this report.
I usually wake up at about six, but I don't get out of bed until seven.
I can't speak French fluently yet, but I can understand it fairly well.
How many days do you think it'll take you to finish writing the report?
Would you be able to come back here tomorrow at 2:30 in the afternoon?
Mary is the only other girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's going to take a long time to do everything that needs to be done.
I usually get up at six, but this morning I didn't get up until eight.
I don't think it's a good idea for you to go out at night by yourself.
How many more years do you think it'll take Tom graduate from college?
It's going to take me at least three hours to do my homework tonight.
I think you should lie to the police about where you were that night.
The twins look so much alike that it's difficult to tell them apart.
Mary wasn't the only girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's probably going to take you about three hours to read this book.
It's probably going to be impossible for you to do that by yourself.
It's going to take me a long time to do all the things I want to do.
It's going to cost us a lot of money to put a new roof on our house.
If we don't find water we can drink, we won't survive on his island.
I suggest that you don't tell Tom about where you spent the weekend.
Mary isn't the only girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's probably going to be impossible for Tom to do that by himself.
It's going to cost you a fortune to buy the kind of house you want.
How much are we going to have to pay Tom to babysit for us tonight?
How many weeks do you think Tom will be traveling around Australia?
How long does it usually take to you to get to work in the morning?
Does Tom know why Mary didn't eat the ham sandwich he made for her?
Did you really think I'd never find out about what you and Tom did?
Mary's boyfriend saw her dancing with another guy and got jealous.
It doesn't seem fair not to pay Tom the same as we're paying Mary.
Does Tom really think he's the only one here who can speak French?
When was the last time you read a bedtime story to your children?
The weather's nice and it's our day off, so let's go on a picnic.
It's going to take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof.
It's going to take me more than three hours to finish doing this.
I think you should let Tom know that you can't understand French.
I don't think Tom has time today to do everything he needs to do.
How much time do you think it'll take Tom to finish his homework?
How much time do you estimate it'll take Tom to build a doghouse?
After failing to make the Olympic team, Tom retired from fencing.
Mary is the only girl who said she was interested in doing that.
It's going to take you a few weeks to get used to wearing a wig.
It's going to take a little time to get used to wearing glasses.
It's going to be a long time before I can afford to buy a house.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether you do that or not.
I wonder if you could tell me what time Tom usually goes to bed.
I wanted to hug you, but I knew it would embarrass you if I did.
I think you should tell Tom why you won't go to Boston with him.
I suggest that you lie to Tom about where you spent the weekend.
I know Tom lives on Park Street, but I'm not exactly sure where.
How much time do you estimate Tom will need to build a doghouse?
How many more hours do you think Tom will be willing to help us?
Tom told Mary she should lie about who she went to Boston with.
Tom thinks Mary will lie to John about what happened yesterday.
Tom takes care of Mary's daughter whenever Mary goes to Boston.
Tom studied French after dinner while his mother washed dishes.
Tom says he doesn't think he can help you move the piano today.
Tom said that he's pretty sure that Mary has seen John do that.
Tom said that he saw Mary eating at a picnic table in the park.
Tom said he thought there was a chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said Mary doesn't have to eat anything she doesn't want to.
Tom probably won't be able to buy everything he needs for $300.
Tom parked his car in front of a fire hydrant and got a ticket.
Tom just closed his eyes and tried to ignore what was going on.
Tom isn't going to be able to buy everything he needs for $300.
Tom is likely going to go to Boston during his summer vacation.
Tom is likely going to be too busy to do that until after 2:30.
Tom is going to eventually figure out it was Mary who did that.
Tom didn't like Mary at all when they were both in high school.
Tom called Mary to tell her he wouldn't be home until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary tried to do that by themselves, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston where they opened an antique shop.
How long do you think it would take us to get to Boston by car?
Tom was the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom speaks perfect French, but his native language is English.
Tom saw Mary sitting by herself on the bench next to the pond.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in going to Boston with us.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would be afraid to do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't eat the soup if it had meat in it.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought I might not need to do that until October.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that until October.
Tom said he thought I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said he didn't think doing that would make any difference.
Tom probably won't be able to help you clean the garage today.
Tom knows that he should do something, but he's not sure what.
Tom knows that he has to do something, but he's not sure what.
Tom is probably going to get injured if he does that that way.
Tom is probably going to be doing that early tomorrow morning.
Tom is likely to lie to Mary about where he spent the weekend.
Tom is likely going to spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Tom is likely going to be able to talk Mary out of doing that.
Tom is going to provide you with all the information you need.
Tom is going to need at least $300 to buy everything he needs.
Tom is going to leave for Boston first thing tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to be finished doing that by the end of the week.
Tom is going to be arriving tomorrow at 2:30 in the afternoon.
Tom finished reading the letter and put it in his desk drawer.
Tom and Mary have parties at their home several times a month.
Tom and Mary are probably never going to see each other again.
My parents died in an automobile accident when I was thirteen.
Mary isn't the sort of girl who would do what you say she did.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to do that together.
It's going to take you at least three days to finish this job.
I'm sure I'll eventually go to Boston. I just don't know when.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is aware that Mary has been arrested.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom drive your car again.
How many women have you talked to since you got out of prison?
How many hours a week do you help out at the homeless shelter?
You really should lie to Tom about where you were last night.
Tom will be waiting for Mary in front of the library at 2:30.
Tom was walking so fast that Mary couldn't catch up with him.
Tom texted Mary to let her know that he'd be late for dinner.
Tom said something to Mary, but I couldn't hear what he said.
Tom said he thought Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought Mary was always in her office on Mondays.
Tom said he thought I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary didn't have to eat anything she didn't want to.
Tom promised me he'd buy me something to eat on the way home.
Tom noticed Mary's new hairstyle, but he didn't say anything.
Tom knows you didn't eat any of the cookies he baked for you.
Tom knew Mary was looking for him, so he hid in the basement.
Tom isn't going to be able to help us paint the garage today.
Tom is the one who convinced Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom is probably going to figure out it was Mary who did that.
Tom is going to have to ask Mary to do that for us, isn't he?
Tom is going to buy his mother some flowers for Mother's Day.
Tom is going to be the first one in our class to get married.
Tom is going to be disappointed if you don't go to his party.
Tom has been looking forward to spending some time with Mary.
Tom couldn't help us today, because he was busy helping Mary.
Tom and Mary talked on the phone with each other all evening.
Tom and Mary take a walk together after dinner every evening.
Tom and Mary started doing that when they were both thirteen.
Tom and Mary helped their mother decorate the Christmas tree.
That's an interesting idea, but I don't think we can do that.
Mary doesn't like it when her boyfriend kisses her in public.
Mary called her mother and told her she'd be late for dinner.
It's going to take Tom three hours to finish what he's doing.
It's going to be difficult to complete this report by Monday.
If I'm not home when you get there, please wait on the porch.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't want to drive.
I think Tom would do anything to get what he thinks he needs.
I don't think Tom has time to buy everything he needs to buy.
I don't have to go into the office until 2:30 this afternoon.
Apparently, that's the only way we can get that done in time.
Tom will probably feel better once he gets something to eat.
Tom was supposed to meet me in the lobby, but he never came.
Tom was shocked when he learned that Mary had been arrested.
Tom wanted to do that this afternoon, but I told him not to.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't eat the stew if it had pork in it.
Tom thought that the best solution was to ask Mary to leave.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said he wanted me to help him paint his garage tomorrow.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he thought Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said Mary doesn't have to eat anything she doesn't like.
Tom refused to tell me how much he paid for his new computer.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he won't do that anymore.
Tom is probably going to ask Mary for permission to do that.
Tom is never going to understand why we want him to do this.
Tom is never going to understand why we want him to do that.
Tom is likely going to be able to talk Mary into doing that.
Tom is going to keep doing that if someone doesn't stop him.
Tom is going to get into trouble if he eats all the cookies.
Tom is going to get in trouble if he eats all the ice cream.
Tom is going to get himself killed if he's not more careful.
Tom is going to be staying with us for the next three weeks.
Tom decided not to tell his parents about what had happened.
Tom called to let me know he wouldn't be coming to my party.
Tom and Mary will be leaving for Australia tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary are likely never going to see each other again.
There's something on that shelf that both Tom and Mary want.
The weather's nice and it's my day off, so I'm going hiking.
The picnic was held in the gymnasium because it was raining.
Ninety percent of the time Tom doesn't know what he's doing.
Mary said she didn't think Tom was ready to become a father.
If Tom doesn't get an A on the test, his mother will be mad.
I think you should let Tom know that you've never done that.
I think you should let Tom know that you can't speak French.
I don't think Tom is going to let you eat his piece of cake.
How many times a week does Tom help at the homeless shelter?
Tom wouldn't tell me how much he paid for his new computer.
Tom would've let you drive if you'd told him you wanted to.
Tom will tell Mary everything he knows about the situation.
Tom will lose his job if he keeps showing up late for work.
Tom was playing basketball this afternoon with his friends.
Tom was hoping Mary wouldn't eat the rest of the ice cream.
Tom tried to pick up Mary's suitcase, but it was too heavy.
Tom thinks Mary is probably in the cafeteria, eating lunch.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had been told not to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she was supposed to do.
Tom said that Mary was probably still waiting in the lobby.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to help weed the garden today.
Tom said he thought there was a chance that Mary would win.
Tom said he thought he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought Mary might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said Mary didn't want to eat Chinese food this evening.
Tom recognized Mary as soon as she walked through the door.
Tom is probably going to get hurt if he does that that way.
Tom is probably going to be ready by the time we get there.
Tom is probably going to be drunk by the time we get there.
Tom is never going to understand why people don't like him.
Tom is never going to live up to his parents' expectations.
Tom is never going to be able to do that without your help.
Tom is never going to be able to do that without some help.
Tom is likely going to be finished doing that before lunch.
Tom is going to help you as soon as he finishes doing that.
Tom is going to have to do that even if he doesn't want to.
Tom is going to be staying at the Hilton Hotel next Monday.
Tom has been working as a plumber for the last three years.
Tom has asked Mary not to eat anything in his refrigerator.
Tom has agreed to babysit our children next Monday evening.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be in her office tomorrow morning.
Tom did his best to get the job done by the end of the day.
Tom bought an old ambulance and converted it into a camper.
Tom announced that he'd be retiring at the end of the year.
Tom and Mary were supposed to meet each other in the lobby.
Tom and Mary say they want to have at least three children.
Tom and Mary have three children under the age of thirteen.
The only language I can speak other than French is English.
It's just not going to be possible for us to do that today.
It's hard to believe that Tom would do something like that.
It's going to take some time to finish unloading the truck.
It's going to take a little time to get used to doing this.
It's going to be a long time before I try doing that again.
It wasn't clear on Monday whether Tom would do that or not.
If I'm not home when you get there, just wait on the porch.
I wouldn't have done that if Tom hadn't insisted that I do.
I was the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to drive.
I have a sore throat, so I don't know if I can sing or not.
How much money will it cost us to get that book translated?
How many more weeks do you think Tom will help us for free?
How many hours do you think it'll take Tom to mow the lawn?
How many hours do you think it took Tom paint this picture?
How different is driving a truck compared to driving a car?
Do you really have enough money to buy everything you want?
Do you really have enough money to buy everything you need?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary were going to be there.
Tom wouldn't be helping us today if Mary hadn't asked him.
Tom wished he hadn't asked Mary to teach him how to drive.
Tom wasn't waiting for Mary where he said he'd be waiting.
Tom was shocked when he heard that Mary had been arrested.
Tom was only three years old when he first came to Boston.
Tom wanted to remind Mary not to forget about the meeting.
Tom wanted to explain everything to Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to apologize to Mary, but he couldn't find her.
Tom took care of Mary's daughter while Mary was in Boston.
Tom told me yesterday that he wouldn't be at school today.
Tom told Mary that he'd help her clean up after the party.
Tom told Mary she should lie about when she was in Boston.
Tom told Mary he usually sat in the back of the classroom.
Tom thought Mary was sleeping, but she was actually awake.
Tom takes the dog for a walk every afternoon after school.
Tom shouted as loud as he could, but Mary didn't hear him.
Tom saw Mary eating by herself at a table near the window.
Tom said that he wasn't responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was enjoying the party.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be concerned about that.
Tom said that Mary didn't attend this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that Mary could've probably done that by herself.
Tom said he thought he might be required to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was the best singer in his class.
Tom said he thought I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom knows Mary will probably be hungry when she gets home.
Tom knew that Mary would be drunk by the time he got home.
Tom is probably not going to have any fun at Mary's party.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he won't do that again.
Tom is probably going to sing that new song he just wrote.
Tom is probably going to go swimming again this afternoon.
Tom is probably going to be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom is probably going to be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is never going to be able to do that without our help.
Tom is likely going to spend the rest of his life in jail.
Tom is going to try to find out why Mary wants to do that.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary to accept your offer.
Tom is going to talk to Mary about that when he gets here.
Tom is going to feel better once he gets something to eat.
Tom is going to be waiting for me in front of the station.
Tom is going to be visiting family in Boston next weekend.
Tom is going to be cold if he doesn't wear a heavier coat.
Tom has promised to buy some donuts on the way home today.
Tom has had a long day and he's too tired to help you now.
Tom has been playing guitar with our band for three years.
Tom didn't want to help us today, but he helped us anyway.
Tom convinced himself that what he was doing wasn't wrong.
Tom and Mary will sit at the same table as John and Alice.
Tom and Mary are unlikely to eat anything I make for them.
Tom and Mary are going to eat dinner with us this evening.
The table I'm planning to give away is in the living room.
The police officer handcuffed Tom's hands behind his back.
My parents died in an automobile accident three years ago.
It's going to take us at least three hours to finish this.
It's going to take some time to get used to wearing a wig.
In case of rain, the picnic will be held in the gymnasium.
In 2013, Tom retired from boxing and returned to teaching.
If you do that this way, you'll be able to save some time.
I can't force you to do that, but you really should do it.
How old were you when you and Tom first kissed each other?
How much do you think I should pay Tom to rotate my tires?
How much did Tom pay you to help him clean out his garage?
Have you told Tom why he shouldn't be doing that that way?
Even though it was raining, we went out for a walk anyway.
Do you think Tom was the one who taught Mary how to drive?
Could you tell me what time the meeting is going to start?
When Tom told Mary that he'd kissed Alice, she got upset.
Tom, Mary and their children went to Boston last weekend.
Tom's house is a five-minute walk from the train station.
Tom went into the kitchen to help his mother make dinner.
Tom used the money Mary gave him to buy something to eat.
Tom told me he wanted me to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be able to help her today.
Tom told Mary he wanted John to teach Alice how to drive.
Tom told Mary he didn't want to eat spaghetti for dinner.
Tom thinks Mary will want to eat Mexican food for dinner.
Tom suspected Mary was the one who had broken the window.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he was very sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was really a Canadian.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was in Boston anymore.
Tom said that Mary would probably be too busy to do that.
Tom said that Mary was responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that Mary was going to go to Boston to see John.
Tom said he thought he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said he thought he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said he thought he knew what had caused the accident.
Tom said he thought Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom said he thought Mary was the best player on the team.
Tom said he thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said he thought Mary might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said he thought Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thinks his parents are going to get divorced.
Tom said he didn't think he was ready to become a father.
Tom ought to tell Mary not to eat the fruit on that tree.
Tom knows there are plenty of people who agree with Mary.
Tom knew that Mary couldn't eat anything with nuts in it.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary why he had to do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary that he can't do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he intends to do that.
Tom is probably going to be very tired when he gets home.
Tom is probably going to be in Boston two or three years.
Tom is probably going to be able to answer your question.
Tom is likely going to be retired by this time next year.
Tom is going to have plenty of time to do that next week.
Tom is going to have a party at his place Monday evening.
Tom is going to go back to Boston the day after tomorrow.
Tom is going to be waiting for Mary in the lobby at 2:30.
Tom is going to be staying here with us for three months.
Tom is almost certainly going to be at the party tonight.
Tom hoped that Mary wouldn't eat the last slice of pizza.
Tom has been trying to figure out how to make Mary happy.
Tom has been on vacation with his family for a few weeks.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Boston to visit her parents.
Tom didn't know Mary had eaten the whole cake by herself.
Tom convinced himself that he hadn't done anything wrong.
Tom called his wife and told her he'd be late for dinner.
Tom and Mary know John didn't eat breakfast this morning.
Tom and Mary have been dating off and on for three years.
The store you're talking about is located on Park Street.
Please buy a couple of bottles of red wine for the party.
It's going to be easy to find someone to do that for you.
I've only met Mary once, but she seemed like a nice girl.
I'm the one who convinced Tom to teach Mary how to drive.
I wonder if you could tell me what Tom's phone number is.
I think you should let Tom know that you don't like Mary.
I heard that Tom will play tennis with us this afternoon.
I haven't seen Tom since we were in high school together.
I ended up telling Tom what Mary told me not to tell him.
I don't like lying, but sometimes I think it's necessary.
I didn't realize that Tom wanted me to do that with Mary.
How much money do you estimate will be needed to do that?
How much money do you estimate it'll take you to do that?
How long do you think it would take me to read this book?
Do you think Tom will be able to teach Mary how to drive?
Do you really think Tom would forget something like that?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary don't like chocolate?
At the end of the 2013 season, Tom retired from football.
Apparently, that's the only way Tom knows how to do that.
You don't need to buy any sugar. We already have plenty.
Why don't you call Tom and tell him what the problem is?
Where were you on October 20th at 2:30 in the afternoon?
When Tom heard about what happened, he started laughing.
We've been waiting for you to tell us what we should do.
Tom, Mary and John all live with their father in Boston.
Tom works from early in the morning until late at night.
Tom will hurt himself if he's not a little more careful.
Tom walked into the room, carrying a bouquet of flowers.
Tom used to hang up the laundry, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom told Mary he didn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom thought Mary had lied to him about where she'd been.
Tom says he thinks Mary ate dinner with John last night.
Tom said that he wasn't the last one to leave the party.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he wasn't certain that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he was very glad that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was just about to do that.
Tom said that Mary would probably be willing to do that.
Tom said that Mary would probably be too shy to do that.
Tom said that Mary would likely be unwilling to do that.
Tom said that Mary would likely be motivated to do that.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at playing the piano.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at playing the flute.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was enjoying himself.
Tom said he'd rather study French with a native speaker.
Tom said he'd likely buy some things at the flea market.
Tom said he thought Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom said he thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom often sleeps on the train on his way home from work.
Tom knew that Mary would be difficult to get along with.
Tom is probably going to still be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is probably going to get back from Boston on Monday.
Tom is probably going to finish what he's doing by 2:30.
Tom is most likely going to be the first one to show up.
Tom is likely going to only sleep for about three hours.
Tom is likely going to be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom is likely going to be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is going to need at least $300 to buy what he needs.
Tom is going to live in Boston for at least three years.
Tom is going to have to work late every night this week.
Tom is going to be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom heard a couple of students talking in the classroom.
Tom has until October 20th to finish writing the report.
Tom has been waiting all afternoon for Mary to get home.
Tom has been trying to get a hold of Mary all afternoon.
Tom has a French test tomorrow that he has to study for.
Tom didn't know Mary would eat the whole pie by herself.
Tom came to Boston for the first time when he was three.
Tom and Mary were playing tennis together earlier today.
Tom and Mary send each other Christmas cards every year.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston and opened an antique shop.
Tom and Mary had lunch together in the school cafeteria.
Tom and Mary are leaving for Australia tomorrow morning.
On my days off, I often sit in the park and read a book.
Mary is one of the most beautiful girls I have ever met.
Mary is a good-looking girl, but she's not too friendly.
It's probably going to be impossible for you to do that.
It's probably going to be impossible for Tom to do that.
It's going to take some time to get used to living here.
It's going to take me a long time to get over this cold.
It's going to be impossible to do that, don't you think?
It's going to be impossible for Tom to do that tomorrow.
It's a good thing that Tom didn't see Mary kissing John.
If you ask Tom to lend you some money, he probably will.
I'd rather not lie to my parents about where we've been.
I was waiting for you to tell me what needed to be done.
I think we shouldn't let Tom hang out with Mary anymore.
I really like Tom, but I'm not sure I want to marry him.
I don't think Tom was expecting you to do that for Mary.
I don't know why Tom wants me to go to Boston with Mary.
I didn't realize that Tom wanted me to do that for Mary.
How much money will it cost to get that book translated?
How much money do you estimate Tom will need to do that?
How long do you think it would take you to mow our lawn?
Do you think Tom would've wanted us to do that for Mary?
Do you know why Tom doesn't want me to sit next to Mary?
Do you know whether or not Tom will sing for us tonight?
Are you certain it was Tom who taught Mary how to drive?
Apparently, Tom will be going to a university in Boston.
Tom's house is only about a five-minute walk from here.
Tom would prefer to study French with a native speaker.
Tom will likely spend the rest of his life behind bars.
Tom will be mad at Mary when he finds out what she did.
Tom wasn't the only one who knew what happened to Mary.
Tom walks his dog every morning before he goes to work.
Tom told the police that he'd been mugged by three men.
Tom told me that he and Mary were going to get married.
Tom told Mary he wanted John to teach him how to drive.
Tom told Mary he thought they should get back together.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he was very sure that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he was responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary liked him very much.
Tom said that Mary has been told to do that many times.
Tom said that Mary didn't eat either of her sandwiches.
Tom said he'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom said he'd likely buy some stuff at the flea market.
Tom said he was going to be in Boston for another week.
Tom said he thought Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be bored if we did that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom said he thought I might not be required to do that.
Tom said he thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom noticed Mary's car parked in front of John's house.
Tom needed to go back to his house to get his passport.
Tom left his apartment earlier this morning than usual.
Tom isn't the only one who knows what happened to Mary.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't know how to do that.
Tom isn't as interested in doing that as he used to be.
Tom is trying to figure out how he can make Mary happy.
Tom is probably going to walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom is probably going to to be excused from doing that.
Tom is probably going to tell you the same thing I did.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he'll never do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he wants to do that.
Tom is probably going to be present at today's meeting.
Tom is probably going to be late for work this morning.
Tom is probably going to be exhausted after doing that.
Tom is never going to have to worry about going hungry.
Tom is looking forward to spending some time with Mary.
Tom is hoping Mary won't eat the rest of the ice cream.
Tom is going to try to finish writing the report today.
Tom is going to take a walk in the park this afternoon.
Tom is going to be out of the office until next Monday.
Tom is going to be making more money than me this year.
Tom has three children at home and one away at college.
Tom has been Mary's next-door neighbor for three years.
Tom has always had a problem with knowing when to stop.
Tom gave me his notebook with all his favorite recipes.
Tom drives by Mary's house on his way to and from work.
Tom doesn't really know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom doesn't like it when his wife kisses him in public.
Tom asked Mary why she had to eat dinner with her boss.
Tom and Mary spent all morning discussing that problem.
Other than you, I don't have any friends I can talk to.
Not only does Tom speak French, he also speaks English.
My parents weren't the ones who taught me how to drive.
My guess is that Tom won't do what you asked him to do.
Mary shaves her legs more often than Alice shaves hers.
Mary and her boyfriend were here together this morning.
It's going to take you at least three hours to do that.
It's going to take us several weeks to finish this job.
It's going to take three hours to finish these repairs.
It's going to cost you a lot to furnish your apartment.
If something seems too good to be true, it probably is.
I've only met Tom once, but she seemed like a nice guy.
I'd grateful to you if you could teach me how to drive.
I want to know if you know who broke my kitchen window.
I used to see Tom jogging past my house in the morning.
I thought flying to Boston would cost more than it did.
I think you should let Tom know that you won't do that.
I think you should let Tom know that you can't do that.
I swore I'd never kiss Tom, but I ended up kissing him.
I just don't know why Tom doesn't want me to help Mary.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever kissed each other.
How much would you be willing to pay for me to do that?
How long did it take you to finish writing this report?
All the boys in Mary's class wanted to go out with her.
Why don't you call Tom and tell him that you miss him?
Why are you always so interested in what Tom is doing?
While Tom was having a good time, Mary stayed at home.
What Tom really needs now is a little time by himself.
Tom wouldn't be doing that today if he didn't have to.
Tom works for a company that sells building materials.
Tom won't be able to buy everything he needs for $300.
Tom went to Mary's house to play video games with her.
Tom wasn't able to help us today, because he was busy.
Tom was looking forward to spending the day with Mary.
Tom told me that he wanted to buy a necklace for Mary.
Tom told me that Mary said she was sick of doing that.
Tom told me he wanted to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom told Mary that he'd eat anything she made for him.
Tom told Mary that he had to eat dinner with his boss.
Tom suggested that I read the contract very carefully.
Tom spent the money Mary gave him on something to eat.
Tom says that Mary will eat lunch with John and Alice.
Tom says he needs to find someone to do that for Mary.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't eat all the potato chips.
Tom said that he wasn't very sorry for what he'd done.
Tom said that he wasn't very interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was very glad that we could be there.
Tom said that he was very glad that he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could speak French.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely do that by herself.
Tom said that Mary would likely be willing to help us.
Tom said that Mary wasn't likely ready to do that yet.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that Mary was probably still studying French.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at speaking French.
Tom said that Mary was going to go see John in Boston.
Tom said he thought he knew the cause of the accident.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary was interested in basketball.
Tom said he thought Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom said he thought I might want to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought I might not need to do that today.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that today.
Tom said he thought I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought I might need to do that this week.
Tom said he thought I might need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that this week.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that by myself.
Tom said he hoped Mary would be able to help us today.
Tom knew that Mary was going to be at today's meeting.
Tom knew that I'd be able to do that faster than Mary.
Tom isn't the only one who knew what happened to Mary.
Tom is the only one who thinks that's going to happen.
Tom is probably only going to sleep about three hours.
Tom is probably going to get punished if he does that.
Tom is probably going to get arrested if he does that.
Tom is probably going to be starved when he gets home.
Tom is never going to be able to do that without help.
Tom is likely to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom is likely going to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom is going to want to know more about what happened.
Tom is going to graduate from high school this spring.
Tom is going to be waiting for you when you get there.
Tom is going to be staying at least until next Monday.
Tom is going to be in prison for the rest of his life.
Tom is going to be here for at least three more years.
Tom is going to be heading back to Boston after lunch.
Tom is going to be arriving by train tomorrow evening.
Tom is going to be able to solve the problem, I think.
Tom hasn't even read the first page of the report yet.
Tom has been talking to Mary for the past three hours.
Tom gave me his notebook full of his favorite recipes.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be coming in this morning.
Tom didn't really know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom bought an old bus and is using it as storage shed.
Tom and Mary ended up falling in love with each other.
Tom and Mary are likely never to see each other again.
Tom and Mary adopted John when he was three years old.
This is a picture of the guitar I bought last weekend.
Neither Tom nor Mary wants to eat Thai food for lunch.
Mary ran into one of her ex-boyfriends at Tom's party.
Mary must've been very beautiful when she was younger.
It's probably going to be possible for you to do that.
It's probably going to be possible for Tom to do that.
It's not going to be possible for us to do that today.
It's going to take you at least three days to do that.
It's going to take us at least three hours to do that.
It's going to take me at least three hours to do that.
It's going to take a lot of time to finish doing that.
If the weather is good, let's walk to school tomorrow.
I've been waiting for you to tell me what I should do.
I'm farily certain that Tom wouldn't help you do that.
I wouldn't have lied if Tom hadn't insisted that I do.
I wonder if Tom really did that when he was in Boston.
I wonder if Tom knows Mary ate both of his sandwiches.
I think you need to tell Tom that you're in love Mary.
I heard that both Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
I don't think we should ask Tom to pay for everything.
I don't think Tom loves Mary as much as she loves him.
I don't know what I can do to convince Tom to help us.
How often do you give advice to people you don't know?
How much time will it take you to hang up the laundry?
How much time will it take Tom to hang up the laundry?
How much money do you think will be needed to do that?
How much money do you estimate you'll need to do that?
How much does Tom get paid to babysit Mary's children?
How many more days do you think Tom will be in Boston?
How long does it usually take you to do your homework?
How long do you think you'll be able to help us today?
How long do you think it would take to read this book?
How long do you think Tom has spent helping us so far?
How long do you estimate it'll take to paint my house?
Have you shown Tom the pictures you took last weekend?
Has anything out of the ordinary happened here lately?
Give me one good reason why I should help you do that.
All Tom wanted was to spend some time with his family.
You shouldn't have told Tom that you didn't like him.
You should've thought about that before you did that.
Would you be able to come back here tomorrow at 2:30?
Worrying about that's been keeping me awake at night.
Why don't you call Tom and tell him what's happening?
Tom would do practically anything to make Mary happy.
Tom would do practically anything to keep Mary happy.
Tom would do anything to get what he thinks he needs.
Tom won't be able to buy what he needs at this store.
Tom will be really tired when he gets home, won't he?
Tom wasn't the only boy I kissed. I also kissed John.
Tom used to make fun of Mary, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom took care of Mary's cats while she was in Boston.
Tom told Mary she should eat everything on her plate.
Tom told Mary she had to eat everything on her plate.
Tom told Mary he'd lied to her and that he was sorry.
Tom thought the girl he saw talking to John was Mary.
Tom says he has to find somebody to do that for Mary.
Tom said that it looked like Mary was getting sleepy.
Tom said that it looked like Mary was getting drowsy.
Tom said that he wasn't sure that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he was certain that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary regretted what she did.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was really scared.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was angry anymore.
Tom said that Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she needed to do.
Tom said that Mary was probably too young to do that.
Tom said that Mary was happy she was able to do that.
Tom said that Mary has been to Australia three times.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be having much fun.
Tom said that Mary didn't eat both of her sandwiches.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to find another job.
Tom said he thought Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be at today's meeting.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said he thought Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was outside waiting for you.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary might need to do that again.
Tom said he thought Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom said he suspected Mary was very eager to do that.
Tom said he didn't know where he should park his car.
Tom said Mary would unlikely eat anything this spicy.
Tom refused to tell me who gave him those binoculars.
Tom ran to the bus stop, so he wouldn't miss the bus.
Tom ran to the bus stop, but he still missed the bus.
Tom knows Mary will probably be too busy to help him.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't eat the fish he'd caught.
Tom knew that I was glad that that's going to happen.
Tom is probably going to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom is probably going to have a good time doing that.
Tom is probably going to get injured if he does that.
Tom is probably going to be the last one to get here.
Tom is probably going to be the first one to do that.
Tom is probably going to be interested in doing that.
Tom is probably going to be hungry when he gets home.
Tom is probably going to be hungry when he gets here.
Tom is probably going to be homeless by next October.
Tom is probably going to be forgiven for what he did.
Tom is probably going to be at the meeting on Monday.
Tom is never going to be given the chance to do that.
Tom is likely going to be present at today's meeting.
Tom is likely going to be out of the office all week.
Tom is going to want to know where you hid the money.
Tom is going to spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom is going to learn how to do that sooner or later.
Tom is going to have plenty of time to do that later.
Tom is going to go swimming with us tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to get in trouble if he doesn't do that.
Tom is going to figure out how to do that eventually.
Tom is going to eventually figure out how to do that.
Tom is going to come back and help us this afternoon.
Tom is going to be thirsty when he finishes the race.
Tom is going to be sleeping by the time we get there.
Tom is going to be ready for us in about ten minutes.
Tom is going to be mad at you if you keep doing that.
Tom is going to be doing that early tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that for us, isn't he?
Tom is definitely not going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom is aware that Mary was in prison for three years.
Tom is a pretty nice person once you get to know him.
Tom has been a teacher's assistant for several years.
Tom has always wanted to learn how to play the banjo.
Tom first came to Boston when he was three years old.
Tom didn't recognize the person sitting next to Mary.
Tom called Mary and asked her to come over his house.
Tom and Mary still live with their parents in Boston.
Tom and Mary spent all morning talking to each other.
Please don't say anything to Tom about what happened.
One of my favorite things about Boston is the people.
Neither Tom nor Mary will eat lunch with us tomorrow.
Mary told Tom that John wasn't her boyfriend anymore.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't like each other.
It's going to take too much time for Tom to get here.
It's going to take a long time for me to finish this.
It's going to take Tom a couple of hours to get here.
It's going to cost about thirty dollars to repair it.
It's been a long time since I've been back to Boston.
I'm scared to death right now, to be honest with you.
I'm only telling you this because I'm your my friend.
I think you should tell Tom that you don't like Mary.
I think we shouldn't let Tom go to Boston by himself.
I think Tom kissed Mary for the first time yesterday.
I think Tom could get Mary to show us how to do that.
I haven't decided whether to go college or get a job.
I don't think we should tell Tom about what happened.
I don't think the weather will clear up anytime soon.
I don't think Tom would ever marry someone like Mary.
I don't think Tom will want to go to Boston with you.
How much time did it take you to hang up the laundry?
How much time did it take Tom to hang up the laundry?
How much should I pay Tom to help me paint my garage?
How much money do you think Tom will need to do that?
How much money do you estimate it'll take to do that?
How much did Tom get paid to babysit Mary's children?
How long did it take Tom to convince Mary to help us?
Didn't you know that Tom used to be a French teacher?
Are you sure it was Tom who taught Mary how to drive?
Apparently, Tom and Mary talked about that on Monday.
"Is Mary your girlfriend?" "No, she's just a friend."
You could've let me know you were going out tonight.
Why don't you call Tom and tell him what's going on?
Why don't you call Tom and invite him to your party?
Why do you think Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore?
Who did Tom say was going to go to Boston with Mary?
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he got jealous.
When Tom got home, his children were already asleep.
What do you think Tom will do now that he's retired?
Tom wouldn't go back to Boston if he didn't need to.
Tom wouldn't go back to Boston if he didn't have to.
Tom works for a company that makes automobile parts.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't eat her whole sandwich.
Tom won't make you do anything you don't want to do.
Tom won't be able to help us paint the garage today.
Tom wasn't supposed to get any money for doing that.
Tom was walking too fast for Mary catch up with him.
Tom was supposed to babysit our children last night.
Tom was afraid that he was about to lose everything.
Tom wanted to practice French with a native speaker.
Tom thought the boy he saw talking to Mary was John.
Tom thought Mary was going to let him go home early.
Tom thought Mary lied to him about where she'd been.
Tom thinks that Mary will eat what he makes for her.
Tom stole something from the store where Mary works.
Tom says it doesn't matter to him if Mary does that.
Tom says he needs the rest of the money you owe him.
Tom says he has to find someone to do that for Mary.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let John drive.
Tom says he and his wife haven't yet discussed that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in love with John.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she ought to do.
Tom said that Mary was probably still in her office.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be having a lot of fun.
Tom said that Mary said she was hoping we'd do that.
Tom said that Mary said she didn't care what we did.
Tom said it was Mary who ate the last piece of cake.
Tom said he thought you could take care of yourself.
Tom said he thought that Mary had already done that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary was still living in Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary was going to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary didn't like John very much.
Tom said he thought I might be permitted to do that.
Tom promised Mary that he'd eat whatever she cooked.
Tom loved living on the ranch with his grandparents.
Tom lived in Australia when he was younger, I think.
Tom listened carefully, but he didn't hear anything.
Tom knew that the package on the desk was from Mary.
Tom just got a job working for an insurance company.
Tom isn't as determined to do that as he used to be.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he won't do that.
Tom is probably going to know what needs to be done.
Tom is probably going to go swimming this afternoon.
Tom is probably going to be tired when he gets home.
Tom is probably going to be the next one to do that.
Tom is probably going to be the last one to do that.
Tom is never going to tell you what really happened.
Tom is never going to be able to keep this a secret.
Tom is never going to be able to do that by himself.
Tom is likely going to come to visit us next summer.
Tom is going to try to persuade Mary not to do that.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary not to do that.
Tom is going to thank me for this one of these days.
Tom is going to shovel the snow off the roof for us.
Tom is going to help you do that if you want him to.
Tom is going to have to learn to live with the pain.
Tom is going to do that later when he's not so busy.
Tom is going to come to see Mary tomorrow afternoon.
Tom is going to be very sorry if he doesn't do that.
Tom is going to be very glad that he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be living in Boston with his father.
Tom is going to be back in less than thirty minutes.
Tom is going to arrive in Boston tomorrow afternoon.
Tom has been seeing a counselor three times a month.
Tom gave me a notebook full of his favorite recipes.
Tom gave each of his children three hundred dollars.
Tom doesn't think Mary should eat so much junk food.
Tom could hear what was being said in the next room.
Tom can't do that alone. Mary will have to help him.
Tom called to say wouldn't be back until after 2:30.
Tom called to say he wouldn't be back till tomorrow.
Tom asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom and Mary will likely never see each other again.
Tom and Mary spent the evening watching TV together.
Tom and Mary ended up getting married to each other.
Tom and Mary are sitting under that tree over there.
There are lots of people who could help you do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been accused of doing that.
My parents wouldn't let me drive until I was twenty.
Mary's husband was here a while ago looking for her.
Mary is a nice girl, except that she talks too much.
It's going to take me a good three hours to do that.
It seems like I'm the only one who wants to do that.
It seems like I'm the only one who needs to do that.
It looks like I'm the only one who wants to do that.
It looks like I'm the only one who needs to do that.
I'd be very surprised if Tom didn't let you do that.
I wonder if you could tell me what needs to be done.
I wonder if Tom really wants us to do that for Mary.
I wish you hadn't lied to me about where you'd been.
I wish I hadn't asked Tom to teach you how to drive.
I understand French, but I can't speak it very well.
I thought Tom would apologize to Mary, but he didn't
I thought Tom knew why we couldn't do that for Mary.
I think you should tell Tom why you don't like Mary.
I think we shouldn't let Tom play with Mary anymore.
I think that Tom lied to you about when he did that.
I think Tom will do the same thing he did yesterday.
I still drive that old truck my grandfather gave me.
I really like Tom, but I'm not sure that I love him.
I know Tom is in the hospital, but I don't know why.
I interviewed Tom Jackson on October 20th in Boston.
I don't think Tom likes you as much as you like him.
I don't think Tom likes doing this as much as we do.
How much money do you spend on groceries every week?
How many weeks do you think Tom will stay in Boston?
How many days did it take you to paint that picture?
How many days did it take Tom to paint this picture?
Go wake Tom up and tell him that breakfast is ready.
You promised me you'd look after the kids tomorrow.
You could've let me know you were going to be late.
Who did Tom think would want to go there with Mary?
We won't be able to do that if Tom doesn't help us.
We need to find out where Tom wants us to meet him.
We need to buy another file cabinet for the office.
Tom wouldn't tell me who gave him those binoculars.
Tom wouldn't let his children speak French at home.
Tom wouldn't let Mary do anything she wanted to do.
Tom won't be able to do that unless Mary helps him.
Tom will start taking swimming lessons this summer.
Tom will likely spend the rest of his life in jail.
Tom will be visiting family in Boston next weekend.
Tom wants to practice French with a native speaker.
Tom wants to make sure that doesn't happen to Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to meet him in front of the school.
Tom told me you walked home by yourself last night.
Tom told me he walked through the woods by himself.
Tom told Mary he'd be ready to go in three minutes.
Tom told Mary he wanted to eat meatloaf for supper.
Tom told Mary he couldn't eat lunch with her today.
Tom thought Mary would probably refuse to help him.
Tom stopped at a store on the way home to buy beer.
Tom seems to have lost interest in studying French.
Tom says he's deleted Mary's number from his phone.
Tom says he saw Mary eating a sandwich in the park.
Tom says he doesn't think he's very good at French.
Tom says he doesn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom said that he was very worried about his future.
Tom said that he was very sorry for what he'd done.
Tom said that he was very interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was very glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he was the very first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was really busy.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was mad anymore.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely want to do that.
Tom said that Mary would likely be able to do that.
Tom said that Mary will fly to Australia next week.
Tom said that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be having a good time.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be enjoying the party.
Tom said that Mary said she wasn't sure what to do.
Tom said that Mary said she wanted John to do that.
Tom said that Mary has always lived on Park Street.
Tom said he was hoping you could do that with Mary.
Tom said he thought he might need to do that today.
Tom said he thought he might have to do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be too busy to help.
Tom said he thought Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be doing that today.
Tom said he thought Mary was in no rush to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom said he thought I might be required to do that.
Tom said he saw Mary eating a sandwich in the park.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let John drive.
Tom said Mary was unlikely to eat anything he made.
Tom said Mary might not eat dinner with us tonight.
Tom promised Mary he'd eat everything on his plate.
Tom probably doesn't know who's going to help Mary.
Tom overheard what was being said in the next room.
Tom needs to stay in bed if he wants to recuperate.
Tom might've lied about who he went to Boston with.
Tom looked around the room, but he didn't see Mary.
Tom let the air out of all the tires on Mary's car.
Tom knows you didn't eat the cake he baked for you.
Tom knows Mary will probably be busy all afternoon.
Tom isn't willing to do that unless Mary helps him.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't need to do that.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't have to do that.
Tom isn't as motivated to do that as he used to be.
Tom isn't as desperate to do that as he used to be.
Tom is worried that something might happen to Mary.
Tom is the only one who knew what happened to Mary.
Tom is probably going to get fined if he does that.
Tom is probably going to figure out how to do that.
Tom is never going to permit Mary to do that again.
Tom is never going to find out about what happened.
Tom is likely going to be very hesitant to do that.
Tom is likely going to be the first one to do that.
Tom is likely going to be hungry when he gets home.
Tom is going to stay with us for a couple of weeks.
Tom is going to miss the train if he doesn't hurry.
Tom is going to have to figure this out on his own.
Tom is going to go to Boston on business next week.
Tom is going to get mad if you don't do that today.
Tom is going to do that whether you like it or not.
Tom is going to do that first thing in the morning.
Tom is going to be in Boston next week on business.
Tom is going to be evicted at the end of the month.
Tom is going to be asleep by the time we get there.
Tom is going to be arriving in Boston this evening.
Tom is going to be Mary's French teacher next year.
Tom is going to ask Mary for permission to do that.
Tom hired Mary to work at his store on Park Street.
Tom has to finish doing that before he can go home.
Tom has finally found something he's good at doing.
Tom has been playing games with Mary all afternoon.
Tom has been learning French for about three years.
Tom has been Mary's French teacher for three years.
Tom doesn't want to do that, but he says he has to.
Tom doesn't have to worry about anything right now.
Tom didn't eat the sandwich that Mary made for him.
Tom and Mary's wedding anniversary is October 20th.
Tom and Mary have known each other for three years.
Tom and I haven't kissed each other in a long time.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was quite good.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was his old jacket.
Someone who knows French well must've written this.
Other than you, I don't have any friends in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has told me I need to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has told me I have to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten used to doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been able to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever attempted to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked me to do that again.
Neither Tom nor Mary has apologized for doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to help us do that.
My parents are the ones who taught me how to drive.
Mary said she wouldn't do that unless you help her.
Mary said she wouldn't do that unless I helped her.
Mary said she didn't know who Tom's girlfriend was.
Mary refused to accept the roses that Tom sent her.
Mary knew she wasn't the first girl Tom had kissed.
Mary is depressed because her husband has left her.
It's probably going to probably be easy to do that.
It's probably going to be tough for you to do that.
It's probably going to be tough for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be risky for you to do that.
It's probably going to be risky for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be cheap for you to do that.
It's going to take three hours to make the changes.
It's going to take me about three hours to do that.
It's going to be dark by the time we get to Boston.
It looks like Tom has fallen down and hurt himself.
It doesn't matter to me whether you do that or not.
I'm sure Tom appreciates what you've done for Mary.
I'd grateful to you if you could teach me to drive.
I would've let Tom drive if I'd known he wanted to.
I wonder why Tom lied to us about when he did that.
I wish I could do that with you today, but I can't.
I thought Tom was going to buy some blankets today.
I think Tom would do anything to get what he wants.
I ran into some of my friends at the train station.
I hope you haven't forgotten about today's meeting.
I don't think we should tell Tom about what we did.
I don't think these are Tom's and Mary's umbrellas.
I didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom drive.
How much money do you think you'll need to do that?
How many hours do you think it took Tom to do that?
Even though it was raining, we went out for a walk.
Almost all of Tom's ex-wives are friends with Mary.
You said Tom wouldn't kiss me, but you were wrong.
You haven't forgotten about the meeting, have you?
Would you like to go and see a movie this evening?
When Tom saw Mary and John together, he got angry.
Tom would've been here if he knew he needed to be.
Tom will be waiting for Mary in the lobby at 2:30.
Tom went out drinking with his friends last night.
Tom wasn't the person Mary wanted to do that with.
Tom wasn't the only person Mary wanted to talk to.
Tom wasn't the only person Mary needed to talk to.
Tom was walking too fast for me catch up with him.
Tom was scared to walk through the woods at night.
Tom was afraid to walk through the woods at night.
Tom was Mary's next-door neighbor for three years.
Tom used to talk to Mary every night on the phone.
Tom told the police that three men had mugged him.
Tom told me he doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom told Mary he'd eat dinner with John and Alice.
Tom thought Mary would probably refuse to do that.
Tom says he can help us today if we need his help.
Tom said that he wasn't very interested in sports.
Tom said that he wasn't very interested in soccer.
Tom said that he was very glad that Mary did that.
Tom said that he was the very last one to do that.
Tom said that he was sure that Mary would do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she should do.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure what she had to do.
Tom said that Mary was probably still very hungry.
Tom said that Mary was probably still in her room.
Tom said that Mary said she's seen people do that.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was having fun.
Tom said that Mary is waiting for us in the lobby.
Tom said that Mary has been told to do that again.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be very worried.
Tom said he'd be finished eating in a few minutes.
Tom said he wouldn't be going anywhere else today.
Tom said he thought he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he thought he could take care of himself.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be willing to wait.
Tom said he thought Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom said he thought Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that today.
Tom said he thought I might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he never talked to the doctor about that.
Tom said he met a woman named Mary this afternoon.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom said he asked Mary not to eat the last orange.
Tom said Mary probably wouldn't eat lunch with us.
Tom said Mary needed to try to do that on her own.
Tom refused to tell me where he'd put my car keys.
Tom never denied that he was the one who did that.
Tom must've forgotten what he promised us he'd do.
Tom knows that Mary was in prison for three years.
Tom knows that Mary wants to eat steak for dinner.
Tom knew that something bad would probably happen.
Tom knew that Mary wanted to eat steak for dinner.
Tom is the person Mary wants to go to Boston with.
Tom is probably not going to go to Boston with us.
Tom is probably never going to be able to do that.
Tom is probably going to get hurt if he does that.
Tom is probably going to find some way to do that.
Tom is probably going to be ready to do that soon.
Tom is probably going to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is never going to permit you to do that again.
Tom is never going to know it was you who told me.
Tom is never going to forgive Mary for doing that.
Tom is never going to be able to do it by himself.
Tom is never going to allow Mary to do that again.
Tom is likely going to be the next one to do that.
Tom is likely going to be the last one to do that.
Tom is going to try to persuade Mary not to leave.
Tom is going to try to find out why Mary did that.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary not to leave.
Tom is going to need to tell Mary sooner or later.
Tom is going to go to the airport to pick Mary up.
Tom is going to go to Boston the month after next.
Tom is going to get a chance to do that, I'm sure.
Tom is going to catch the next bus to the airport.
Tom is going to be speaking at the dinner tonight.
Tom is going to be ready by the time we get there.
Tom is going to be punished if he does that again.
Tom is going to be playing guitar with us tonight.
Tom is going to be arrested if he does that again.
Tom is going to arrive in Boston tomorrow morning.
Tom is determined to find out what the problem is.
Tom has until Monday to finish writing the report.
Tom has probably done something he shouldn't have.
Tom has been trying to explain everything to Mary.
Tom has been trying to contact Mary all afternoon.
Tom has been interested in horses for a long time.
Tom had to call Mary to get permission to do that.
Tom got to the station just in time for his train.
Tom found Mary's umbrella in the trunk of his car.
Tom doesn't want to do that, but he has no choice.
Tom doesn't seem to want to tell me what happened.
Tom doesn't have to buy new windshield wipers yet.
Tom didn't know what was probably going to happen?
Tom convinced Mary that she should tell the truth.
Tom can't do that alone. I hope Mary can help him.
Tom came to Boston and stayed with us last spring.
Tom came and stayed with us in Boston last spring.
Tom and Mary's wedding anniversary is next Monday.
Tom and Mary will probably eventually get married.
Tom and Mary used to spend a lot of time together.
There's no room for anything else in the suitcase.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was very nice.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was very good.
The restaurant we went to yesterday was expensive.
Some girl named Mary said she was looking for you.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told not to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been planning to do that.
Mary isn't the same woman she was three years ago.
Mary has been wearing blue dresses a lot recently.
Mary had never kissed a boy before she kissed Tom.
Mary got her boyfriend's name tattooed on her arm.
It's probably going to be safe for you to do that.
It's probably going to be safe for Tom to do that.
It's probably going to be easy for you to do that.
It's probably going to be easy for Tom to do that.
It's going to take at least thirty minutes longer.
It's going to be easier to do that than you think.
It seems like I'm the only one who has to do that.
It looks like I'm the only one who has to do that.
I'm sure Tom appreciates what you've done for him.
I'm really looking forward to doing that with you.
I'm glad I didn't lie to Tom about where I'd been.
I'd be fired if I kissed Tom during working hours.
I wouldn't have kissed Tom if I hadn't been drunk.
I wouldn't be able to do that even if I wanted to.
I wonder why Tom lied to us about where he'd been.
I wonder what Tom will do with his old motorcycle.
I wonder if you could tell me what should be done.
I wish we'd lied to Tom about where we were going.
I was waiting for you to tell me what I should do.
I thought Tom would apologize to me, but he didn't
I think you should tell Tom why you won't do that.
I promise I'll do that before the end of the week.
I don't think Tom is going to let you leave early.
I don't think Tom could hear what you were saying.
I don't suppose you would know Tom's phone number.
I don't know why Tom doesn't want me to help Mary.
I don't know exactly what time Tom will be coming.
I didn't know that you couldn't understand French.
I considered lying, but decided it was a bad idea.
How much money do you think it'll take to do that?
How much gasoline did you have to put in the tank?
How much damage do you think the storm will cause?
How many songs have Tom and Mary written together?
How long would it take us to get to Boston by car?
Does Tom really think Mary enjoys eating with him?
You should replace the filter every three months.
Wouldn't it be better for us to do that tomorrow?
Why don't you go home to put on some dry clothes?
What makes you think that Tom will be late again?
Tom's house is only a five-minute walk from here.
Tom's family is coming to visit him next weekend.
Tom won't tell us anything we don't already know.
Tom will stay at a friend's house for a few days.
Tom will be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom wasn't scared to go into the cave by himself.
Tom was walking too fast for me keep up with him.
Tom was the one who taught Mary how to play golf.
Tom was probably about thirteen when he did that.
Tom was afraid that the police might arrest Mary.
Tom wanted to study French with a native speaker.
Tom wanted Mary to stop eating so much junk food.
Tom told me why he wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom told me that he forgot all about the meeting.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to help me today.
Tom told me he didn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom told me Mary knew how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom told Mary that he'd been waiting a long time.
Tom told Mary he wanted to go to Boston with her.
Tom told Mary he knew how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom thought the girl he saw in the park was Mary.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't eat what John had made.
Tom thought Mary was still living on Park Street.
Tom thought Mary was sleeping, but she was awake.
Tom thinks Mary would be a good basketball coach.
Tom thinks Mary is eating lunch in the cafeteria.
Tom stopped for something to eat on his way home.
Tom should've lied to Mary about where he'd been.
Tom said that he'd gone by the time we got there.
Tom said that he wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was very glad he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad that we could be there.
Tom said that he thought Mary was getting hungry.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could do that.
Tom said that Mary was the one who told him that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still unemployed.
Tom said that Mary was probably still suspicious.
Tom said that Mary was probably still frustrated.
Tom said that Mary was probably still frightened.
Tom said that Mary was probably still downstairs.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at basketball.
Tom said that Mary was going to help us tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary was going back home to Boston.
Tom said that Mary told him she'd never met John.
Tom said that Mary has been asked not to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't do that unless I helped him.
Tom said he wouldn't buy any of Mary's paintings.
Tom said he wished Mary would eat healthier food.
Tom said he wasn't going to sell the family farm.
Tom said he thought Mary would forget to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary had finished doing that.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that soon.
Tom said he thinks Mary can't eat dairy products.
Tom said he might walk home from school tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't think the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said Mary needs to try to do that on her own.
Tom said I should get Mary to eat healthier food.
Tom said I should ask Mary to eat dinner with us.
Tom refused to give Mary the money she asked for.
Tom proposed to Mary three months after they met.
Tom learned French while he was living in Boston.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to still be in bed.
Tom knew he wasn't the first boy Mary had kissed.
Tom knew Mary didn't want to eat lunch with John.
Tom isn't as tempted to do that as he used to be.
Tom is starting to sound exactly like his father.
Tom is scared to walk through the woods at night.
Tom is probably going to walk to school tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he'll do that.
Tom is probably going to know what we need to do.
Tom is probably going to be waiting in the lobby.
Tom is probably going to be skeptical about that.
Tom is probably going to be reluctant to do that.
Tom is probably going to be desperate to do that.
Tom is probably going to be back by October 20th.
Tom is never going to find what he's looking for.
Tom is never going to believe that Mary did that.
Tom is never going to be able to keep up with us.
Tom is never going to allow you to do that again.
Tom is going to try to convince you to help Mary.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary to help him.
Tom is going to sing that new song he just wrote.
Tom is going to hurt himself if he isn't careful.
Tom is going to have to find some way to do that.
Tom is going to have a difficult time doing that.
Tom is going to go to the beach with us tomorrow.
Tom is going to go swimming again this afternoon.
Tom is going to get out of prison in three years.
Tom is going to get into trouble if he does that.
Tom is going to eventually find out who did that.
Tom is going to come back the day after tomorrow.
Tom is going to be very hungry when he gets home.
Tom is going to be out of town until next Monday.
Tom is going to be in Boston the week after next.
Tom is going to be gone by the time we get there.
Tom is going to be back in Boston tomorrow night.
Tom is afraid to walk through the woods at night.
Tom is afraid that he's about to lose everything.
Tom heard Mary and John talking about doing that.
Tom has spoken with Mary several times this week.
Tom has sent Mary at least three hundred letters.
Tom has no idea where Mary ate dinner last night.
Tom has found a way to make a little extra money.
Tom has been in the hospital for three weeks now.
Tom expects all three of us to do that with Mary.
Tom expected Mary to sit with him at the concert.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary behaves that way.
Tom doesn't think Mary will come in this morning.
Tom doesn't think Mary will be here this morning.
Tom doesn't have Mary to do that for him anymore.
Tom didn't want to have anything to do with Mary.
Tom didn't want the same thing to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't deny that he was the one who did that.
Tom could've been a professional baseball player.
Tom asked Mary why she didn't eat dairy products.
Tom asked Mary not to kiss him in public anymore.
Tom and Mary watched several movies last weekend.
Tom and Mary sat at a picnic table, eating lunch.
Tom and Mary know John ate the last piece of pie.
Tom allowed Mary to sit next to him on the bench.
The only thing Tom wants now is something to eat.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever refused to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever actually done that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been ordered to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked me not to do that.
Mary's new boyfriend is much younger than she is.
Mary said she thought Tom was through doing that.
Mary said she hopes Tom won't eat the last apple.
Mary said she didn't think the heat bothered Tom.
Mary said she didn't think the cold bothered Tom.
Mary is going to do whatever she can to help Tom.
Mary is depressed because her boyfriend left her.
Mary has already told Tom about that, hasn't she?
It's very fortunate that Tom happened to be here.
It's no secret that Tom and Mary don't get along.
It's going to take some time to get used to this.
It's going to take forever to clean this mess up.
It's going to take at least an hour to get there.
It's going to take a while for the cement to dry.
It's going to happen again if you aren't careful.
It's going to be more fun if we do that together.
It's going to be easy to find someone to do that.
It's going to be dark by the time Tom gets there.
It's been three months since Tom moved to Boston.
It was raining in Boston on the day Tom was shot.
It seems like Tom doesn't really want to do that.
If we're lucky, we'll have good weather tomorrow.
I'm not going to try to stop you from doing that.
I wouldn't have done that if I hadn't been drunk.
I would've hugged Tom if I'd thought he'd let me.
I wonder why Tom lied to us about what he'd done.
I wonder if Tom asked Mary to eat lunch with him.
I wasn't sure what Tom wanted me to buy for Mary.
I told Tom I wanted him to teach me how to drive.
I think Tom would do anything to make Mary happy.
I still refuse to lie to Tom about what happened.
I still can't believe that you actually did that.
I knew Tom would ask Mary to eat dinner with him.
I don't want you to buy anything from that store.
I don't think Tom would like it if Mary did that.
I don't think Tom knows who's going to help Mary.
How much time did it take to hang up the laundry?
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
How much honey do you want me to put in your tea?
How many hours has Tom already spent helping you?
How long does it take to eat a seven-course meal?
How do you open a bottle without a bottle opener?
Have you asked Tom and Mary if they want do that?
Give me one reason why I should help you do that.
Even though you said I shouldn't kiss Tom, I did.
Even though you said I should kiss Tom, I didn't.
Did Tom say why the police were looking for Mary?
You shouldn't have tried doing that by yourself.
You haven't forgotten to pay the rent, have you?
You don't have to help Tom if you don't want to.
Would you like me to pick you up at the airport?
Why don't you like to speak in French in public?
Why don't you let Tom know that you can't drive?
Why don't you just tell Tom you don't like Mary?
Why don't you get Tom to teach you how to drive?
Who did Tom think was going to do that for Mary?
When was the last time you saw Tom kissing Mary?
What do you and Tom want to do tomorrow morning?
We've only got three days left to get this done.
We're going to have a party to welcome Tom home.
Tom's wife was here a while ago looking for him.
Tom's oldest daughter looks a lot like his wife.
Tom's have parents have decided to get divorced.
Tom wouldn't tell me where he'd put my car keys.
Tom wouldn't be doing that if he didn't have to.
Tom will try to attend this afternoon's meeting.
Tom will probably walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom will get himself killed if he's not careful.
Tom will be waiting for Mary in the parking lot.
Tom was the person who taught me how to do this.
Tom was the one who taught me how to play poker.
Tom was here with me on the evening of the 20th.
Tom was going to ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom wants to study French with a native speaker.
Tom tried to kiss Mary, but she pushed him away.
Tom told me that he and Mary were still married.
Tom told Mary she could buy anything she wanted.
Tom told Mary not to kiss him in public anymore.
Tom told Mary he'd never eat anything John made.
Tom told Mary he was going to eat lunch at home.
Tom thought Mary would likely refuse to do that.
Tom thinks Mary shouldn't eat so much junk food.
Tom spent all afternoon in the kitchen, cooking.
Tom spends a lot of time in front of a computer.
Tom should tell Mary not to eat those mushrooms.
Tom should show Mary how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom says he needs to find somebody to help Mary.
Tom said that he was very glad that he did that.
Tom said that he was very determined to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was getting tired.
Tom said that he knew Mary was going to be late.
Tom said that Mary was probably still skeptical.
Tom said that Mary was probably still in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was probably still at school.
Tom said that Mary was going to help us do that.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be very suspicious.
Tom said that Mary seemed determined to do that.
Tom said that Mary often helps out in the store.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was confused.
Tom said that Mary hasn't yet agreed to do that.
Tom said that Mary has been told not to do that.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be suspicious.
Tom said he was glad that you did that for Mary.
Tom said he wanted me to teach him how to drive.
Tom said he thought he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't do that today.
Tom said he thought Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would probably do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be in her office.
Tom said he thought Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was through doing that.
Tom said he thought I might not want to do that.
Tom said he thought I might not need to do that.
Tom said he thought I might not have to do that.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't eat the last apple.
Tom said he hoped he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he didn't think the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said he didn't think the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely eat lunch with us.
Tom said Mary would've come if we'd invited her.
Tom said Mary wasn't going to eat lunch with us.
Tom said Mary wanted to eat chocolate ice cream.
Tom said Mary wanted John to eat lunch with her.
Tom said Mary didn't want to eat lunch with him.
Tom said Mary always eats oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom probably won't have any fun at Mary's party.
Tom passes by Mary's house on his way to school.
Tom parked in the parking lot behind the church.
Tom paid for the dinner and left the restaurant.
Tom often reads bedtime stories to his children.
Tom never felt comfortable when Mary was around.
Tom needs to tell Mary not to eat those berries.
Tom learned how to drive when he was a teenager.
Tom knew that something bad would likely happen.
Tom knew that I'd be gone by the time he got there.
Tom knew that I was amused by what was going on.
Tom isn't the person Mary wants to do that with.
Tom isn't the only person Mary wants to talk to.
Tom isn't the only person Mary needs to talk to.
Tom isn't still wearing his wedding ring, is he?
Tom is wearing the shirt that Mary made for him.
Tom is supposed to babysit our children tonight.
Tom is probably going to permit Mary to do that.
Tom is probably going to go to Boston next week.
Tom is probably going to do that this afternoon.
Tom is probably going to do that again tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to be stubborn about that.
Tom is probably going to be here this afternoon.
Tom is probably going to be here in the morning.
Tom is probably going to be doing that tomorrow.
Tom is never going to make it to school on time.
Tom is never going to have to worry about money.
Tom is never going to get the chance to do that.
Tom is never going to forgive me for doing that.
Tom is likely going to leave before next Monday.
Tom is likely going to find some way to do that.
Tom is likely going to be the last one to leave.
Tom is likely going to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is hoping that Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom is going to try to persuade Mary to do that.
Tom is going to try to convince you to help him.
Tom is going to try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom is going to take care of buying the tickets.
Tom is going to sing one of the songs you wrote.
Tom is going to need to do that sooner or later.
Tom is going to get fired if he doesn't do that.
Tom is going to find a way to do that, I'm sure.
Tom is going to explain everything to you later.
Tom is going to eventually learn how to do that.
Tom is going to do whatever he can to help Mary.
Tom is going to do that, but probably not today.
Tom is going to do that the way you told him to.
Tom is going to do everything you ask him to do.
Tom is going to be very tired when he gets home.
Tom is going to be speaking in Boston on Monday.
Tom is going to be in Boston two or three years.
Tom is going to be here in about thirty minutes.
Tom is going through a difficult time right now.
Tom is determined to find out why that happened.
Tom is depressed because Mary broke up with him.
Tom is definitely going to try doing that today.
Tom is apparently going to be on the same train.
Tom is afraid that the police might arrest Mary.
Tom hopes that Mary will teach him how to drive.
Tom has until October 20th to finish the report.
Tom has until 2:30 to finish writing the report.
Tom has three children from a previous marriage.
Tom has no friends who are willing to help Mary.
Tom has been waiting outside for thirty minutes.
Tom has been trying to reach Mary all afternoon.
Tom has been sneaking out of the house at night.
Tom has already told Mary about that, hasn't he?
Tom doesn't want to be in the same room as Mary.
Tom didn't understand why Mary behaved that way.
Tom convinced Mary to tell her mother the truth.
Tom called to say he wouldn't be home for lunch.
Tom asked me who walked home with me last night.
Tom asked Mary to stop eating so much junk food.
Tom asked Mary not to eat the last piece of pie.
Tom and Mary sat next to each other on the sofa.
Tom and Mary said they'd be the next to do that.
Tom and Mary often hang up the laundry together.
Tom and Mary go to church together every Sunday.
These are Tom's and Mary's motorcycles, I think.
Please make sure you have enough money with you.
Please make sure Tom doesn't eat too much candy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has volunteered to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has the ability to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever wanted to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has enough time to do that.
Monday would have been Tom's thirtieth birthday.
Maybe Tom thought you wouldn't want to see Mary.
Mary told Tom she'd never eat any wild mushroom.
Mary told Tom she intended to eat lunch at home.
Mary told Tom she didn't want anything to drink.
Mary says she needs to find someone to help Tom.
Mary says Tom wouldn't eat the dessert she made.
Mary said she won't do that unless you help her.
Mary said she thought Tom wouldn't be surprised.
Mary said she thought Tom would need to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would like to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would have to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be back by 2:30.
Mary said she thought Tom was afraid to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom probably wouldn't win.
Mary said she thought Tom probably wouldn't cry.
Mary said she thought Tom hadn't been surprised.
Mary said she thought Tom hadn't been impressed.
Mary said she thought Tom had already done that.
Mary said she thought Tom had agreed to do that.
Mary said she hoped Tom would eat what she made.
Mary said she expected Tom to eat lunch with us.
Mary said she didn't want to work as a waitress.
Mary said she didn't want me to do that for her.
Mary said she didn't want me to do that for Tom.
Mary said she didn't want any of us to help her.
Mary said she didn't want any of us to help Tom.
Mary said Tom didn't want to eat lunch with her.
Mary promised Tom she wouldn't eat his sandwich.
Mary passes by Tom's house on her way to school.
Mary is starting to sound a lot like her mother.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she's sleepy.
Mary is hoping that Tom will eat lunch with her.
Mary is depressed because Tom broke up with her.
Mary hugged Tom and told him that she loved him.
Mary hopes that Tom will teach her how to drive.
Mary asked Tom if she could eat the last cookie.
It's probably going to be impossible to do that.
It's probably going to be depressing to do that.
It's not too late to ask Tom to do that for you.
It's going to take time to get everything ready.
It's going to take less than an hour to do that.
It's going to take all afternoon and maybe more.
It's going to happen, but just not anytime soon.
It's going to be some time before Tom gets here.
It started to rain as soon as we started eating.
I've finished reading all the books you lent me.
I've been waiting for you to tell me what to do.
I'm telling you this because I'm your friend.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will help Mary do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom wouldn't want to go with us.
I'm pretty sure Tom wouldn't be able to do that.
I'm going to visit Tom in the hospital tomorrow.
I told Tom that I wanted to live on Park Street.
I thought Tom would love the gift Mary gave him.
I thought Tom would like the gift Mary gave him.
I thought Mary would love the gift Tom gave her.
I thought Mary would like the gift Tom gave her.
I thought Mary said she didn't have a boyfriend.
I think your baby is crying because he's hungry.
I think you should try to persuade Tom to drive.
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that by himself.
I think we can all agree that that's a bad idea.
I think Tom would like Mary to do that for John.
I think Tom should tell Mary to leave him alone.
I think Tom knows why we can't do that for Mary.
I think Tom expected Mary to ask him to do that.
I think Mary should tell Tom to leave her alone.
I think Mary expected Tom to ask her to do that.
I hope Tom will be ready to go when I get there.
I hope Tom and Mary don't eat all the ice cream.
I don't want to answer any more questions today.
I don't think Mary would ever leave her husband.
I don't know if Tom will be home this afternoon.
I don't have time for a cup of coffee right now.
How often does Tom wear that scarf you gave him?
How much wine do you think Tom drinks every day?
How much time do you spend on the bus every day?
How much time did it take Tom to clean his room?
How much money do you spend on food every month?
How much help do you think we can expect to get?
How much does Tom charge you for French lessons?
How much did Tom charge you for fixing your car?
How many hours has Tom spent helping you so far?
How long would it take you to paint the ceiling?
Has Tom been saying bad things about Mary again?
Even though you said I shouldn't do that, I did.
Even though you said I should do that, I didn't.
Even though Tom said I shouldn't do that, I did.
Even though Tom said I should do that, I didn't.
Don't you remember what Tom did to us last year?
Do you really think this water is safe to drink?
Do you kiss your children goodbye every morning?
Do you have anything planned for this afternoon?
Did Tom say why the police are looking for Mary?
Did Tom actually see Mary eat your piece of pie?
Am I the only one worried that Tom will be late?
About how many pictures does Tom take every day?
You won't believe what happened this afternoon.
You should've lied to Tom about where you were.
You should've let me drive you home last night.
You should tell Tom why you disagree with Mary.
You should let Tom know that you want to drive.
You ought to let Tom know that you can't drive.
You didn't sell any of your paintings, did you?
Wouldn't it be better not to do that right now?
Why don't you just tell Tom you don't like him?
Why didn't you do what you were supposed to do?
When do you think Tom will want us to help him?
Tom, Mary and John all went to the same school.
Tom's oldest daughter looks just like his wife.
Tom's keys are somewhere in this room, I think.
Tom wouldn't tell me what I was supposed to do.
Tom won't find anybody who'll do that for Mary.
Tom won't be able to move the piano by himself.
Tom will pay me back what he owes me on Monday.
Tom will make Mary sit with the other children.
Tom will be in prison for the rest of his life.
Tom will be heading back to Boston after lunch.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the classroom.
Tom wasn't supposed to get paid for doing that.
Tom was the person Mary wanted to do that with.
Tom told me he'd walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom told me he wouldn't be staying much longer.
Tom told me he wasn't going to do that anymore.
Tom told Mary to quit eating so much junk food.
Tom told Mary that she thought he was handsome.
Tom told Mary that his brother's name was John.
Tom told Mary not to eat the ham in the fridge.
Tom told Mary he'd never eat any wild mushroom.
Tom told Mary he intended to eat lunch at home.
Tom told Mary he didn't want anything to drink.
Tom told Mary about what John wanted him to do.
Tom thought that what Mary was doing was wrong.
Tom thought Mary was going to do that with him.
Tom thought Mary was asleep, but she was awake.
Tom says he needs to find someone to help Mary.
Tom says Mary wouldn't eat the dessert he made.
Tom saw Mary sitting by herself in the library.
Tom saw Mary eating at a table near the window.
Tom sat on the porch swing and smoked his pipe.
Tom said your snoring kept him awake all night.
Tom said that he was very reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he was very motivated to do that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still confused.
Tom said that Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom said that Mary often stays home on Mondays.
Tom said that Mary could've probably done that.
Tom said he was trying to figure something out.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be surprised.
Tom said he thought Mary would need to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would like to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom said he thought Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said he thought Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said he thought Mary hadn't been surprised.
Tom said he thought Mary hadn't been impressed.
Tom said he thought Mary had already done that.
Tom said he thought Mary had agreed to do that.
Tom said he needed to get rid of all this junk.
Tom said he expected Mary to eat lunch with us.
Tom said he doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom said he didn't want me to do that for Mary.
Tom said he didn't want any of us to help Mary.
Tom said Mary was going to eat lunch with John.
Tom said Mary wanted him to eat lunch with her.
Tom said Mary probably won't eat lunch with us.
Tom said Mary isn't going to eat with us today.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't eat her sandwich.
Tom knows Mary will probably want to eat pizza.
Tom knew Mary was going to eat lunch with John.
Tom isn't happy with the way things turned out.
Tom is worried that something bad might happen.
Tom is the person who taught me how to do this.
Tom is the only one who can beat Mary at chess.
Tom is the one who taught me how to play poker.
Tom is starting to sound a lot like his father.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he's sleepy.
Tom is probably going to go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to do that tomorrow, too.
Tom is probably going to be tempted to do that.
Tom is probably going to be here all afternoon.
Tom is probably going to be furious about that.
Tom is probably going to be fascinated by that.
Tom is probably going to be anxious to do that.
Tom is probably going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom is popular with both students and teachers.
Tom is never going to be able to do that again.
Tom is likely going to lose everything he owns.
Tom is likely going to be late for the meeting.
Tom is likely going to be fired for doing that.
Tom is likely going to be fined for doing that.
Tom is likely going to be back by October 20th.
Tom is going to try to do that again next year.
Tom is going to try to convince you to do that.
Tom is going to try doing that again next year.
Tom is going to tell you what you need to know.
Tom is going to take care of everything for us.
Tom is going to need to get used to doing that.
Tom is going to move back to Boston in October.
Tom is going to help Mary do that after supper.
Tom is going to have to get used to doing that.
Tom is going to go swimming with Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to get in trouble if he does that.
Tom is going to get back from Boston on Monday.
Tom is going to find some other way to do that.
Tom is going to do whatever you tell him to do.
Tom is going to do whatever he can to help you.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow, too, I think.
Tom is going to do that again, I'm pretty sure.
Tom is going to do everything he's asked to do.
Tom is going to be working in Boston on Monday.
Tom is going to be waiting for us in the lobby.
Tom is going to be thirty years old in October.
Tom is going to be staying with us for a while.
Tom is going to be out for the rest of the day.
Tom is going to be in his office all afternoon.
Tom is going to be here by the end of the week.
Tom is going to be helping us paint our garage.
Tom is going to be gone by the end of the week.
Tom is going to be fired if he does that again.
Tom is going to be fined if he does that again.
Tom is going to be exhausted when he gets home.
Tom is going to be back the day after tomorrow.
Tom is going to be a college student next year.
Tom is going to attend the meeting in my place.
Tom is going to ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom is depressed because his wife has left him.
Tom is afraid that the police might arrest him.
Tom hugged Mary and told her that he loved her.
Tom hopes Mary will sit next to him on the bus.
Tom heard Mary and John discussing the problem.
Tom has promised to give me one of his guitars.
Tom has no idea how much Mary wants to see him.
Tom has been reading detective novels recently.
Tom has been our family doctor for a long time.
Tom has been airlifted to a hospital in Boston.
Tom got here ten to fifteen minutes after Mary.
Tom got Mary to do what she was supposed to do.
Tom gave away most of his money before he died.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary acted that way.
Tom didn't want to be in the same room as Mary.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was dead or alive.
Tom didn't even read the message Mary sent him.
Tom did the same thing I did on Monday evening.
Tom brought a bottle of champagne to the party.
Tom bought a bottle of champagne for the party.
Tom asked us if we'd like to do that with Mary.
Tom asked Mary why she'd eaten all the cookies.
Tom asked Mary not to kiss him in public again.
Tom asked Mary if he could eat the last cookie.
Tom apologized to Mary for eating her sandwich.
Tom and Mary have been looking forward to this.
Tom and Mary have absolutely nothing in common.
Tom and Mary don't have anything to talk about.
Tom and Mary aren't going to eat with us today.
This place hasn't been the same since you left.
This bicycle didn't cost as much as I expected.
There's no room for anything else in my closet.
Speaking a foreign language well isn't so easy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that right away.
Neither Tom nor Mary has experience doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been asked to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary had ever done that before.
Mary's oldest son looks a lot like her husband.
Mary will be wearing a blue dress to the dance.
Mary wanted Tom to pretend to be her boyfriend.
Mary tried the skirt on, but it didn't fit her.
Mary told me that she thought Tom was handsome.
Mary told Tom that her brother's name was John.
Mary told Tom about what John wanted her to do.
Mary thought Tom was going to do that with her.
Mary says she'll buy a painting from Tom today.
Mary says she'll ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary said she's glad that you did that for Tom.
Mary said she'd try to convince Tom to do that.
Mary said she wished you would do that for Tom.
Mary said she wanted Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary said she thought that would embarrass Tom.
Mary said she thought Tom would likely not win.
Mary said she thought Tom would likely not cry.
Mary said she thought Tom would likely do that.
Mary said she thought Tom would be sympathetic.
Mary said she thought Tom would be heartbroken.
Mary said she thought Tom would be embarrassed.
Mary said she thought Tom would be discouraged.
Mary said she thought Tom would be cooperative.
Mary said she thought Tom would be able to win.
Mary said she thought Tom wasn't in his office.
Mary said she thought Tom was ready to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom was doing that today.
Mary said Tom wanted her to eat lunch with him.
Mary let Tom know she didn't know how to drive.
Mary is probably going to tell Tom she's tired.
Mary is going to ask Tom to eat lunch with her.
Mary is depressed because her husband left her.
Mary hopes Tom will sit next to her on the bus.
Mary has no idea how much Tom wants to see her.
Mary has known Tom since she was a little girl.
Mary grabbed her purse and headed for the door.
Mary didn't even read the message Tom sent her.
Mary asked Tom not to kiss her in public again.
Mary asked Tom if he thought she was beautiful.
It's probably going to rain tomorrow afternoon.
It's probably going to be tough for Tom to win.
It's probably going to be expensive to do that.
It's probably going to be dangerous to do that.
It's going to take me several hours to do that.
It's going to cause me problems if you do that.
It's going to be easier if we do that together.
It's going to be done by the time you get here.
It's been years since I've been back to Boston.
It would be nice if we could go there together.
It seems I'm the only one who wants to do that.
It seems I'm the only one who needs to do that.
I'm very sure that Tom won't help Mary do that.
I'm sure Tom appreciated what you did for Mary.
I'd be surprised if Tom didn't let you do that.
I would strongly advise you to stop doing that.
I was born in Boston, but I grew up in Chicago.
I think the whole thing was a misunderstanding.
I think that Tom lied to you about what he did.
I think Tom would like you to do that for Mary.
I think Tom would like Mary to do that for him.
I think Tom won't stop doing that anytime soon.
I think Tom didn't understand your explanation.
I think Tom couldn't hear what you were saying.
I think Mary would like Tom to do that for her.
I still watch TV, but not as much as I used to.
I still have the same questions I asked before.
I have visited Tom a number of times in Boston.
I don't think Tom would like it if we did that.
I don't think Tom was expecting you to do that.
I don't have many friends who can speak French.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom drive.
I can show you around town if you'd like me to.
How often does Tom wear that tie Mary gave him?
How much would you pay for something like that?
How much would you charge me to paint my house?
How much severance pay will we have to pay Tom?
How much of what Tom said do you think is true?
How much of a discount do you think we can get?
How much money do you think Tom spends a month?
How much do you usually spend when you eat out?
How many hours has Tom been helping you so far?
How long would it take to get to Boston by bus?
How did you know Tom would refuse to kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom wasn't going to kiss Mary?
Have you ever been to Chuck's Diner for brunch?
Either Tom doesn't want to do that or he can't.
Do you really think Tom will let you help Mary?
Could what happened in Boston also happen here?
As far as I know, Tom has never studied French.
As far as I know, Tom has never been to Boston.
Aren't you the one who taught Tom how to drive?
Are you sure that Tom was the one who did that?
A girl named Mary said she was looking for you.
Your French isn't good enough to get that job.
You'd really better stop doing that right now.
You shouldn't have told Tom about what we did.
Wouldn't it be better for us to do that today?
When was the last time you saw Tom doing that?
When was the last time Tom ate lunch with you?
When do you think Tom will want us to do that?
When Tom heard about what happened, he smiled.
When I first met Tom, he was still a teenager.
What's the best way to get downtown from here?
What time do you usually get home from school?
Were you able to persuade Tom to donate money?
Tom wouldn't let anybody do anything for Mary.
Tom won't find anyone who'll do that for Mary.
Tom will try to talk to Mary about that today.
Tom will show us the documents this afternoon.
Tom will definitely not allow Mary to do that.
Tom will come back and help us this afternoon.
Tom will be very disappointed if that happens.
Tom will ask Mary if she can help us tomorrow.
Tom wasn't the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary wanted to marry.
Tom was afraid to go into the cave by himself.
Tom wanted to know who was going to help Mary.
Tom told us he wouldn't come back before 2:30.
Tom told me he isn't going to do that anymore.
Tom told Mary not to kiss him in public again.
Tom told Mary about what had happened at work.
Tom told Mary about what John asked him to do.
Tom thought Mary was going to do that for him.
Tom spoke with Mary on the phone this morning.
Tom spent a lot of time with Mary last summer.
Tom showed us that it was possible to do that.
Tom should tell Mary not to eat those berries.
Tom says that he walked three miles yesterday.
Tom says that he needs a better tennis racket.
Tom says he'll buy a painting from Mary today.
Tom says he'll ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said that he'd be the next one to do that.
Tom said that he was very hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he was the first one to do that.
Tom said that he was interested in doing that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still outside.
Tom said that Mary was probably still at home.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at cooking.
Tom said that Mary should eat more vegetables.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was sleepy.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be prepared.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be confused.
Tom said he's glad that you did that for Mary.
Tom said he'd try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished you would do that for Mary.
Tom said he wasn't going to sign the contract.
Tom said he wanted Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said he understood what needed to be done.
Tom said he thought that would embarrass Mary.
Tom said he thought that he might be able win.
Tom said he thought Mary would likely not win.
Tom said he thought Mary would likely not cry.
Tom said he thought Mary would likely do that.
Tom said he thought Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom said he thought Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom said he thought Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom said he thought Mary would be discouraged.
Tom said he thought Mary would be cooperative.
Tom said he thought Mary would be able to win.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom said he thought Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary was doing that today.
Tom said he hoped Mary would eat what he made.
Tom parked his car in front of a fire hydrant.
Tom noticed that Mary was wearing a new dress.
Tom never expected Mary to eat all the donuts.
Tom needs to go back home to get his passport.
Tom let Mary know he didn't know how to drive.
Tom left his suitcase in the trunk of his car.
Tom knows who Mary hopes asks her to the prom.
Tom knew that something terrible had happened.
Tom isn't the only person Mary should talk to.
Tom is still just a kid, so let's forgive him.
Tom is probably going to volunteer to do that.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he's tired.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he's sorry.
Tom is probably going to sleep better tonight.
Tom is probably going to pass the examination.
Tom is probably going to get home next Monday.
Tom is probably going to be the one who comes.
Tom is probably going to be impressed by that.
Tom is probably going to be at home on Monday.
Tom is probably going to be afraid to do that.
Tom is never going to be released from prison.
Tom is never going to admit that he was wrong.
Tom is likely going to be doing that tomorrow.
Tom is going to walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to try to find out why Mary left.
Tom is going to try to do that sometime today.
Tom is going to tell you the same thing I did.
Tom is going to tell me everything eventually.
Tom is going to pick the kids up after school.
Tom is going to meet Mary somewhere in Boston.
Tom is going to get married to Mary next week.
Tom is going to get an opportunity to do that.
Tom is going to eventually find out the truth.
Tom is going to do whatever you ask him to do.
Tom is going to do that the way I told him to.
Tom is going to be the next person to do that.
Tom is going to be present at today's meeting.
Tom is going to be late for work this morning.
Tom is going to be busy most of the afternoon.
Tom is going to be back from Boston next week.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that, isn't he?
Tom is afraid to walk through the woods alone.
Tom hasn't yet told me who helped him do that.
Tom has been working for an insurance company.
Tom has been wondering what might happen next.
Tom has been waiting for Mary for a long time.
Tom has been trying to convince us to do that.
Tom has been trying to convince me to do that.
Tom has been staying with his uncle in Boston.
Tom has been staying at a hotel near my house.
Tom has been practicing the piano all morning.
Tom has been living in Boston with his father.
Tom has been down in the basement all morning.
Tom has been Mary's boyfriend for a long time.
Tom hardly ever spends time with his children.
Tom got here about fifteen minutes after Mary.
Tom drove to the hospital as fast as he could.
Tom drives by Mary's house on his way to work.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary acts that way.
Tom doesn't often talk about his private life.
Tom didn't really seem to be enjoying himself.
Tom could've been there, but I didn't see him.
Tom carefully planned what he was going to do.
Tom asked Mary to lie about where they'd been.
Tom apparently wants to go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary were alone together on the porch.
Tom and Mary don't usually eat out on Mondays.
There are lots of people who wouldn't do that.
Other than you, I don't have any friends here.
One of Tom's favorite things to do is skating.
One of Tom's favorite things to do is fishing.
One of Tom's favorite things to do is camping.
Neither Tom nor Mary has the right to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been told to do that.
My guess is that Tom won't want to go with us.
Mary's oldest son looks just like her husband.
Mary's husband died three hours after she did.
Mary's boyfriend is a lot younger than she is.
Mary told Tom not to kiss her in public again.
Mary told Tom about what John asked her to do.
Mary thought Tom was going to do that for her.
Mary never told us that Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary dated Tom's brother before she dated him.
Mary asked Tom to pretend to be her boyfriend.
It's probably going to be easy for Tom to win.
It's going to take Tom a long time to do that.
It's going to be almost impossible to do that.
It's been three weeks since Tom has been here.
It's a good thing that you did that yesterday.
It's a good thing that Tom did that yesterday.
It'll take us at least three hours to do that.
It looks as if Tom won't go to Boston with us.
In October of 2013, Tom retired from coaching.
In 2013, Tom retired from professional tennis.
In 2013, Tom married Mary and moved to Boston.
If Tom goes to the zoo with you, I'll go, too.
I'm sure Tom will be hungry when he gets home.
I'm sure Tom appreciates what you do for Mary.
I'm sure Tom appreciated what you did for him.
I'm not going to let Tom drive my car anymore.
I'm glad you're coming to visit us next month.
I'm fairly certain that's not going to happen.
I wouldn't have let Tom drive if I'd been you.
I wouldn't be able to do that even if I tried.
I wonder what Tom will do with all that money.
I wonder if Tom really kissed Mary last night.
I told Tom I wanted him to come here tomorrow.
I thought you said you wouldn't let Tom drive.
I think you need to stop doing that right now.
I think Tom knows he needs to help Mary today.
I think Tom expected Mary to get here earlier.
I still wonder why Tom won't let Mary do that.
I often recommend your website to my students.
I never even got to tell Tom that I loved him.
I hope Tom doesn't think we've forgotten Mary.
I don't think Tom would like it if I did that.
I don't think Tom will study French next year.
I don't think Tom wants to do that by himself.
I don't think Tom is going to let you do that.
I don't know where Tom will be this afternoon.
I didn't know you were going to let Tom drive.
I didn't know Tom was going to let Mary drive.
How much of a discount do you think I can get?
How much fun do you think Tom's party will be?
How many pictures have you taken so far today?
How many patients did Dr. Jackson treat today?
How long does it usually take to rotate tires?
How did Tom react when he saw Mary doing that?
Give me one good reason why I should help you.
Don't think that I'm going to let you do that.
Don't put your books on the dining room table.
Don't forget that you need to buy some onions.
Do you think we should take umbrellas with us?
Do you really think Tom will be here tomorrow?
All the boys in Mary's class think she's cute.
You should let Tom know that you can't drive.
You should let Tom know that Mary will drive.
You should get Tom to teach you how to drive.
You should ask Tom to teach you how to drive.
You don't really need to lose weight, do you?
You don't know when Tom will do that, do you?
Why do you think Tom doesn't do that anymore?
Why are you glad that that's going to happen?
When I first met Tom, he was still a student.
What Tom wanted was to another piece of cake.
We didn't know whether Tom was dead or alive.
Tom wondered why Mary wanted to study French.
Tom will unlikely be able to help Mary today.
Tom will have to take better care of himself.
Tom will come to see Mary tomorrow afternoon.
Tom will be very sorry if he doesn't do that.
Tom will be living in Boston with his father.
Tom will be coming here later this afternoon.
Tom went back to his car to get his umbrella.
Tom wasn't expecting you to do that for Mary.
Tom was the one who taught me how to do this.
Tom was hoping Mary would eat lunch with him.
Tom was afraid that he might lose everything.
Tom wanted to know what had happened to Mary.
Tom tried to get Mary to cook dinner for him.
Tom told me the boy talking to Mary was John.
Tom told me he wouldn't be home this weekend.
Tom told me he wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom told Mary to eat everything on her plate.
Tom told Mary he didn't want anything to eat.
Tom told Mary about what John told him to do.
Tom thinks Mary is probably in the cafeteria.
Tom swore that Mary told him she'd done that.
Tom suggested that I read the contract again.
Tom still hopes Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom says it was Mary who ate all the cookies.
Tom says he knows Mary won't eat raw carrots.
Tom says he doesn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom said that he wasn't motivated to do that.
Tom said that he was very tempted to do that.
Tom said that he was very glad Mary did that.
Tom said that he was very anxious to do that.
Tom said that he was the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be early.
Tom said that Mary was very unlikely do that.
Tom said that Mary was too stupid to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too sleepy to do that.
Tom said that Mary was still in her thirties.
Tom said that Mary was probably still sleepy.
Tom said that Mary was probably still eating.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at French.
Tom said that Mary was determined to do that.
Tom said that Mary should've never done that.
Tom said that Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said that Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary probably couldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary might come back on Monday.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was happy.
Tom said that Mary has to do that by herself.
Tom said that Mary has been asked to do that.
Tom said that Mary hadn't been offered a job.
Tom said that Mary had to do that by herself.
Tom said he's not looking for a relationship.
Tom said he'd ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said he wasn't going to let Mary do that.
Tom said he was concerned about that problem.
Tom said he wanted to eat the fish and chips.
Tom said he thought that Mary was having fun.
Tom said he thought that John was Mary's son.
Tom said he thought Mary would be suspicious.
Tom said he thought Mary would be reasonable.
Tom said he thought Mary would be interested.
Tom said he thought Mary would be doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't going to win.
Tom said he thought Mary might help us today.
Tom said he thought Mary might be frightened.
Tom said Mary is going to eat dinner with us.
Tom said Mary has never eaten lunch with him.
Tom rescued a boy from drowning last weekend.
Tom probably needs at least three bodyguards.
Tom poured some milk into a bowl for his cat.
Tom plays his guitar about three hours a day.
Tom played clarinet in a Dixieland jazz band.
Tom lives less than thirty minutes from here.
Tom lived with Mary and John for three years.
Tom knows what time he's supposed to be here.
Tom knows Mary would rather not go to Boston.
Tom knew that I was interested in doing that.
Tom knew he had to do something to help Mary.
Tom knew Mary wanted to eat at Chuck's Diner.
Tom isn't the only one who saw what happened.
Tom isn't the only one who doesn't like Mary.
Tom isn't the only friend Mary has in Boston.
Tom isn't the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom is trying to prevent that from happening.
Tom is the person Mary wants to do that with.
Tom is sitting over there next to the window.
Tom is probably not going to want to do that.
Tom is probably not going to help us do that.
Tom is probably not going to do that anymore.
Tom is probably never going to do that again.
Tom is probably going to tell Mary he's busy.
Tom is probably going to have fun doing that.
Tom is probably going to go to Boston by car.
Tom is probably going to do that next Monday.
Tom is probably going to do that again today.
Tom is probably going to be safe where he is.
Tom is never going to pay me what he owes me.
Tom is never going to let Mary do that again.
Tom is most likely going to buy the red car.
Tom is married and has a daughter named Mary.
Tom is likely going to want to do that again.
Tom is likely going to end up despising Mary.
Tom is likely going to be tempted to do that.
Tom is going to tell us what we need to know.
Tom is going to take over after Mary retires.
Tom is going to meet with all of you at 2:30.
Tom is going to make an announcement at 2:30.
Tom is going to go, no matter what Mary says.
Tom is going to go swimming tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to explain the situation to you.
Tom is going to eventually need an operation.
Tom is going to do whatever needs to be done.
Tom is going to do what Mary tells him to do.
Tom is going to do that later this afternoon.
Tom is going to be with us until next Monday.
Tom is going to be thirty years old tomorrow.
Tom is going to be starved when he gets home.
Tom is going to be in his office all morning.
Tom is going to be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom is going to be here in less than an hour.
Tom is going to be here for three more years.
Tom is going to be here for three more weeks.
Tom is going to be furious when he finds out.
Tom is going to be back in about three hours.
Tom is going to be back from Boston tomorrow.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that for John.
Tom is definitely going to be at the meeting.
Tom hopes that Mary won't eat all the donuts.
Tom hoped that Mary would eat lunch with him.
Tom hasn't ever lied to me, as far as I know.
Tom hasn't been spending much time with Mary.
Tom has been married to Mary a very long time.
Tom has persuaded Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom has finally found something he's good at.
Tom has been trying to make some new friends.
Tom has been playing guitar with Mary's band.
Tom has been married to Mary for a long time.
Tom has been bitten by Mary's dog many times.
Tom has already been punished for doing that.
Tom eats chocolate ice cream whenever he can.
Tom didn't want me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was going to do that.
Tom didn't have to help us today, but he did.
Tom didn't eat the cookies Mary made for him.
Tom couldn't figure out how to lock the door.
Tom claimed he walked from Boston to Chicago.
Tom and Mary will never see each other again.
Tom and Mary were on the beach by themselves.
Tom and Mary got married on October 20, 2013.
Tom allowed Mary to do what she wanted to do.
This is a picture of the car that I restored.
The hospital where Tom was born is in Boston.
Tell Tom that I'll be in Australia all month.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that tomorrow.
Neither Tom nor Mary has promised to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has finished doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked us to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has asked me to do that.
My favorite flavor of ice cream is chocolate.
Maybe Tom would like you to do that for Mary.
Maybe Tom will get into to Harvard in Boston.
Mary's husband is just as stubborn as she is.
Mary said she didn't know who Tom's wife was.
Mary doesn't ever kiss her husband in public.
Mary came to visit us with her new boyfriend.
It's quite unlikely Tom will want to do that.
It's going to take us a long time to do that.
It's going to take time to work through that.
It's going to take me a long time to do that.
It's going to take approximately three hours.
It's going to be dark by the time I get home.
It seems I'm the only one who has to do that.
It looks like Tom won't go to Boston with us.
I've never seen Tom kiss any of his children.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind if we stayed here.
I'm sure Tom will be tired when he gets home.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't be at Mary's party.
I'm absolutely positive that Tom can do that.
I wouldn't be able to go even if I wanted to.
I wonder which bicycles are Tom's and Mary's.
I wasn't the one who taught Tom how to drive.
I wanted to kiss Tom yesterday, but I didn't.
I thought you said you'd never let Tom drive.
I thought Tom said that Mary was from Boston.
I thought Tom said he needed to buy a shovel.
I think you should stop doing that right now.
I think Tom will do that in Boston next week.
I think Tom will be hungry when he gets home.
I think Tom needs to talk to Mary personally.
I think Tom expected Mary to ask him to stay.
I ran into some friends at the train station.
I never thought I'd run into Tom in the park.
I know Tom wants us to go swimming with Mary.
I knew that Tom wouldn't kiss Mary goodnight.
I just hope Tom does what we asked him to do.
I first met Tom at a football game in Boston.
I don't think that Tom would ever leave Mary.
I don't think Tom should've let Mary do that.
I don't know who kissed Tom and I don't care.
I don't know how Tom did that, but he did it.
I don't hug my children as often as I should.
I convinced Tom to lie about where he'd been.
I can show you around town if you want me to.
I bought these flowers for Mary, not for you.
How many times a day do you check your email?
How many more months will Tom stay in Boston?
How long will it take you to clean your room?
How long does Tom expect us to wait for Mary?
Have you ever made a speech in French before?
Dr. Jackson doesn't have any female patients.
Does Tom think really Mary enjoys doing that?
Do you think you could persuade Tom to drive?
Do you think Tom would teach me how to drive?
Do you really think Tom will help us do that?
Did you do anything interesting last weekend?
Did Tom say anything about who was with Mary?
Did Tom say anything about who Mary was with?
Did Tom actually see Mary eating my sandwich?
Could what happened to Tom also happen to us?
Ask Tom if Mary will eat lunch with us today.
Are you sure you don't mind me tagging along?
Are you going to tell Tom that you love Mary?
Would you like me to teach you how to drive?
Would you happen to know where Tom was born?
Why is Tom glad that that's going to happen?
What have you accomplished so far this week?
What I'd really like is a hot cup of coffee.
We're getting the results that we hoped for.
Was Tom the one who taught you how to drive?
Tom's oldest daughter looks a lot like Mary.
Tom wouldn't lend Mary the books she wanted.
Tom works for a company that sells charcoal.
Tom wondered why Mary was eating by herself.
Tom won't likely be able to help Mary today.
Tom won't be able to fix the car by himself.
Tom will be Mary's French teacher next year.
Tom was wearing a cowboy hat when I saw him.
Tom was waiting for Mary in the parking lot.
Tom was the last one to leave the classroom.
Tom was supposed to get paid for doing that.
Tom was fined for driving without a license.
Tom wanted to remind Mary about the meeting.
Tom very seldom kisses his children anymore.
Tom told us about how nice you were to Mary.
Tom told me that he was going to marry Mary.
Tom told me he'd be glad to help me do that.
Tom told me he needed to buy some new tools.
Tom told Mary that he'd eat lunch with John.
Tom told Mary he didn't know how to do that.
Tom told Mary John wouldn't eat out tonight.
Tom thought that what Mary said wasn't true.
Tom thought Mary would be a good babysitter.
Tom taught French in Boston for three years.
Tom slept in the car while Mary was driving.
Tom shot and killed a man who insulted Mary.
Tom says he's never seen anything like that.
Tom says he's always wanted to go to Boston.
Tom says he needs to finish what he's doing.
Tom says Mary will likely die before Monday.
Tom says Mary wants to eat at Chuck's Diner.
Tom saw Mary sitting by herself in the park.
Tom said that he'd interested in doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't obey those orders.
Tom said that he wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said that he wasn't at home last Monday.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't let him do that.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said that Mary would likely not do that.
Tom said that Mary would eat lunch with him.
Tom said that Mary was too young to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too tired to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too drunk to do that.
Tom said that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom said that Mary was reluctant to do that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still upset.
Tom said that Mary was probably still awake.
Tom said that Mary was probably still angry.
Tom said that Mary was probably still alone.
Tom said that Mary was probably still alive.
Tom said that Mary was pretty good at chess.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be very hungry.
Tom said that Mary seemed somewhat confused.
Tom said that Mary ought to do that outside.
Tom said that Mary looked very disappointed.
Tom said that Mary looked like she was busy.
Tom said that Mary isn't allowed to do that.
Tom said that Mary has seen John doing that.
Tom said that Mary has only done that twice.
Tom said that Mary has never been to Boston.
Tom said that Mary has done that many times.
Tom said that Mary has been told to do that.
Tom said that Mary could've done that alone.
Tom said he wouldn't do anything about that.
Tom said he won't do that unless I help him.
Tom said he wished he hadn't let Mary drive.
Tom said he wasn't ready to become a father.
Tom said he thought you could help us today.
Tom said he thought that Mary was a teacher.
Tom said he thought that Mary had done that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't be scared.
Tom said he thought Mary would be surprised.
Tom said he thought Mary would be impressed.
Tom said he thought Mary would be exhausted.
Tom said he thought Mary would be depressed.
Tom said he thought Mary looked discouraged.
Tom said he thought I might want to do that.
Tom said he thought I might need to do that.
Tom said he thought I might have to do that.
Tom said he thinks Mary won't eat very much.
Tom said he hopes Mary won't let John drive.
Tom said he didn't want to do that that way.
Tom said Mary wouldn't likely eat very much.
Tom said Mary wouldn't eat anything he made.
Tom said Mary should've done that yesterday.
Tom noticed something strange was happening.
Tom never spoke to Mary about what happened.
Tom never does anything Mary asks him to do.
Tom never did anything Mary asked him to do.
Tom needs to find another way to make money.
Tom lives with his parents in a small house.
Tom lived with his parents in a small house.
Tom lived on a small island for a few years.
Tom let us know that he didn't mind driving.
Tom knows that Mary shouldn't eat shellfish.
Tom knows Mary will probably need some help.
Tom knew the police were trying to find him.
Tom knew he was the best player on the team.
Tom knew Mary wasn't going to eat any salad.
Tom isn't the easiest guy to get along with.
Tom is wearing the shirt that Mary gave him.
Tom is trying to explain everything to Mary.
Tom is the only person who understands Mary.
Tom is the one who taught me how to do this.
Tom is still helping Mary with her homework.
Tom is sick and so he can't help Mary today.
Tom is probably not going to try to do that.
Tom is probably going to make some mistakes.
Tom is probably going to forget his promise.
Tom is probably going to do that by himself.
Tom is probably going to cry if Mary leaves.
Tom is probably going to be late for dinner.
Tom is probably going to be grouchy all day.
Tom is probably going to be absent tomorrow.
Tom is now living in Boston with his father.
Tom is never going to stop needing our help.
Tom is never going to permit you to do that.
Tom is never going to notice the difference.
Tom is never going to let you do that again.
Tom is never going to admit that he's wrong.
Tom is going to stay with us for three days.
Tom is going to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom is going to start his new job on Monday.
Tom is going to regret that sooner or later.
Tom is going to need to wait a while longer.
Tom is going to need a couple of bodyguards.
Tom is going to know about this soon enough.
Tom is going to have to go there by himself.
Tom is going to have a good time doing that.
Tom is going to go whether Mary does or not.
Tom is going to go to the concert with Mary.
Tom is going to give Mary the details later.
Tom is going to get you everything you need.
Tom is going to eventually agree to do that.
Tom is going to eat as soon as he gets home.
Tom is going to do whatever it takes to win.
Tom is going to do what he can to help Mary.
Tom is going to do that when his turn comes.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow, I suppose.
Tom is going to do that right the next time.
Tom is going to come to Australia next year.
Tom is going to be with me all day tomorrow.
Tom is going to be staying here for a while.
Tom is going to be our next class president.
Tom is going to be in Boston until tomorrow.
Tom is going to be hungry when he gets home.
Tom is going to be hungry when he gets here.
Tom is going to be homeless by next October.
Tom is going to be happy to see that happen.
Tom is going to be forgiven for what he did.
Tom is going to be away for at least a week.
Tom is going to be at the meeting on Monday.
Tom is determined to find out what happened.
Tom is definitely going to do that sometime.
Tom is afraid that he might lose everything.
Tom hopes that Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom has recently moved into a new apartment.
Tom has asked Mary about that several times.
Tom hardly ever kisses his children anymore.
Tom had lunch with Mary in Boston last week.
Tom had a party at his place Monday evening.
Tom had a job interview yesterday afternoon.
Tom got mad at me for not listening to Mary.
Tom got a very low score on his French test.
Tom got Mary to do what we wanted her to do.
Tom found the stolen jewelry in Mary's room.
Tom found the necklace Mary said she'd lost.
Tom expects all three of us to go with Mary.
Tom drives the way Mary taught him to drive.
Tom doesn't want you to get angry with Mary.
Tom doesn't want anything to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't tell Mary he was going to Boston.
Tom didn't really seem to be having any fun.
Tom didn't know how to handle the situation.
Tom didn't come in to work today until 2:30.
Tom couldn't get Mary to eat her vegetables.
Tom borrowed a pair of sunglasses from Mary.
Tom ate the sandwich that Mary made for him.
Tom asked me where Mary had gone to college.
Tom asked Mary where he should park his car.
Tom and Mary want to get married right away.
Tom and Mary kissed each other passionately.
Tom and Mary have started dating each other.
Tom and Mary first met at a party in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't often eat lunch together.
Tom and Mary are hanging up the laundry now.
Tom and Mary are getting married next month.
Tom and Mary adopted John when he was three.
There were some new students in class today.
That was the last time that I talked to Tom.
Thanks for reminding me to take my medicine.
Speaking a foreign language well isn't easy.
Please make sure Tom doesn't leave his room.
Nothing is going to stop me from doing that.
Nothing is going to keep me from doing that.
No matter what happens, I'll try to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stop doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has started doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has refused to do that.
Mary's husband picked her up at the station.
Mary told Tom that she was moving to Boston.
Mary told Tom she wanted something to drink.
Mary told Tom she didn't eat out very often.
Mary told Tom she could hang up the laundry.
Mary says she knows Tom can't eat chestnuts.
Mary said that she thought Tom was innocent.
Mary said that Tom was smarter than she was.
Mary said she wasn't going to let Tom drive.
Mary said she thought she could impress Tom.
Mary said she thought Tom would be punctual.
Mary said she thought Tom understood French.
Mary said she thought Tom probably did that.
Mary said she thought Tom might be able win.
Mary said she thought Tom had been careless.
Mary never told me that Tom was her brother.
Mary is still in love with her ex-boyfriend.
Mary is no longer the shy girl she once was.
Mary hardly ever kisses her husband anymore.
Mary asked Tom to pretend to be her husband.
Last summer, I moved to Boston from Chicago.
Last summer, I moved from Boston to Chicago.
It's probably going to be unsafe to do that.
It's probably going to be tiring to do that.
It's probably going to be boring to do that.
It's only going to take a couple of minutes.
It's just going to take about three minutes.
It's going to take three hours to get there.
It's going to take a lot of time to do that.
It's going to cost more than thirty dollars.
I'm sure Tom will have no desire to do that.
I'm not going to let Tom drive my car again.
I'm glad I lied to Tom about where I'd been.
I'll give these books to whoever wants them.
I'd be very surprised if Tom didn't do that.
I wonder which jackets are Tom's and Mary's.
I wonder whether Tom would really help Mary.
I wonder what made Tom lie to us about that.
I was waiting for you to tell me what to do.
I was really scared Tom was going to hit me.
I was going to tell Tom about that tomorrow.
I wanted to do that yesterday, but I didn't.
I usually take a shower before going to bed.
I thought Tom would apologize, but he didn't
I think your French has gotten a lot better.
I think Tom will be tired when he gets home.
I think Tom will be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I knew Tom would love the gift you gave him.
I hope Tom will do what he's supposed to do.
I have visited Tom multiple times in Boston.
I don't think we should tell Tom about that.
I don't think Tom would mind if we did that.
I don't think Tom would ever leave his wife.
I don't know who Tom will go to Boston with.
I didn't know whether Tom was dead or alive.
How much would you charge to do that for me?
How much money did Tom steal last yesterday?
How much fire insurance do you think I need?
How much chocolate did you eat last weekend?
How many pounds do you think I need to lose?
How long have you been living in this house?
How long has Tom been trying to lose weight?
How long did it take you to clean your room?
How did you know Tom was going to kiss Mary?
Fortunately, Tom didn't die in the accident.
Do you think Tom is ever going to kiss Mary?
Do you really have enough money to buy this?
Did Tom really expect Mary to eat that much?
Are you the one who taught Tom how to drive?
Are you going anywhere this summer vacation?
A burglar broke into Tom's house last night.
You're not going to let Tom drive, are you?
You should let Tom know that you can drive.
You haven't forgotten to do that, have you?
Why don't you go to the zoo with Tom today?
Why doesn't Tom want Mary to eat with John?
Why didn't you say that in the first place?
Where did you stay when you were in Boston?
When it stops raining, let's go for a walk.
When do you think Tom will want to do that?
When Tom got home, Mary was already asleep.
What time do you usually get off from work?
Were you able to persuade Tom to volunteer?
We're a better team than we were last year.
We don't know whether Tom will come or not.
Tom's oldest daughter looks just like Mary.
Tom's flight is supposed to arrive at 2:30.
Tom would've helped you if you'd asked him.
Tom would do anything to get what he wants.
Tom won't need to walk home this afternoon.
Tom won't be upset if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom won't be angry if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will stay in Boston with us next month.
Tom will have to deal with that on his own.
Tom will go to the airport to pick Mary up.
Tom will find out who did that, eventually.
Tom will be playing guitar with us tonight.
Tom will be old enough to drink in October.
Tom wasn't the last one to leave the store.
Tom wasn't able to teach Mary how to drive.
Tom was waiting outside for thirty minutes.
Tom was the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom was supposed to be paid for doing that.
Tom was hoping you could do that with Mary.
Tom was arrested in Boston for shoplifting.
Tom was able to help today for a few hours.
Tom wants to try doing something different.
Tom wanted me to buy some firewood for him.
Tom walked into the room, carrying flowers.
Tom told me he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told Mary that he was moving to Boston.
Tom told Mary she needed to eat more fruit.
Tom told Mary he wanted something to drink.
Tom told Mary he didn't eat out very often.
Tom told Mary he could hang up the laundry.
Tom threw Mary's sunglasses out the window.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't do that with him.
Tom thought Mary had tried to kill herself.
Tom thinks he'd be a good basketball coach.
Tom taught Mary how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom talked Mary into eating lunch with him.
Tom still lives in Boston with his parents.
Tom showed Mary how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom shot and killed a man who attacked him.
Tom says it was Mary who ate your sandwich.
Tom says he won't be able to help us today.
Tom says he knows Mary can't eat chestnuts.
Tom says Mary's children are scared of him.
Tom said they accomplished a lot yesterday.
Tom said that he wasn't through doing that.
Tom said that he wasn't tempted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't feeling very tired.
Tom said that he wasn't at today's meeting.
Tom said that he was very glad he did that.
Tom said that he was very eager to do that.
Tom said that he was going to be very late.
Tom said that he was determined to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was innocent.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't do that either.
Tom said that Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too weak to do that.
Tom said that Mary was too busy to do that.
Tom said that Mary was told not to do that.
Tom said that Mary was tired of doing that.
Tom said that Mary was smarter than he was.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be absent.
Tom said that Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom said that Mary should do that tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be having fun.
Tom said that Mary needed to do that today.
Tom said that Mary has finished doing that.
Tom said that Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom said that Mary couldn't do that either.
Tom said he wouldn't have to do that alone.
Tom said he wouldn't have to do that again.
Tom said he wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be able to go with us.
Tom said he wasn't going to let Mary drive.
Tom said he was worried about his daughter.
Tom said he wanted me to help him tomorrow.
Tom said he thought he should study French.
Tom said he thought he had to study French.
Tom said he thought he had to speak French.
Tom said he thought he could help us today.
Tom said he thought Mary would be punctual.
Tom said he thought Mary understood French.
Tom said he thought Mary probably did that.
Tom said he thought Mary might be able win.
Tom said he thought Mary had been careless.
Tom said he didn't want me to wait for him.
Tom said Mary was hoping we'd eat with her.
Tom refused to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom really needs to buy a new set of tires.
Tom put the vacuum cleaner into the closet.
Tom planned to meet Mary on Monday at 2:30.
Tom never talks about what he does at work.
Tom might've walked to school this morning.
Tom managed to get some sleep on the plane.
Tom looked around and realized he was lost.
Tom lived in Australia when he was younger.
Tom knows Mary wasn't the one who did that.
Tom knew that I'd be the last one to leave.
Tom knew that I was hiding in the basement.
Tom just stood there and didn't do anything
Tom isn't living in Boston with his father.
Tom isn't interested in doing that with us.
Tom isn't as disorganized as he used to be.
Tom is unlikely to walk to the supermarket.
Tom is probably not going to do that today.
Tom is probably not going to do that again.
Tom is probably not going to come tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to stay here tonight.
Tom is probably going to refuse to do that.
Tom is probably going to leave next Monday.
Tom is probably going to help a little bit.
Tom is probably going to do that next week.
Tom is probably going to become frustrated.
Tom is probably going to be pretty nervous.
Tom is probably going to be grumpy all day.
Tom is probably going to be back by Monday.
Tom is probably finished doing that by now.
Tom is now in his freshman year at Harvard.
Tom is not going to show it to anyone else.
Tom is never going to let Mary talk to you.
Tom is never going to allow you to do that.
Tom is looking for a way to make ends meet.
Tom is likely not even going to try to win.
Tom is likely never going to do that again.
Tom is likely going to do that later today.
Tom is just a normal thirteen-year-old boy.
Tom is hoping Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom is going to need to do that by himself.
Tom is going to help you do that, isn't he?
Tom is going to help Mary do that, I think.
Tom is going to have to sleep on the floor.
Tom is going to have to pay for everything.
Tom is going to have to do that on his own.
Tom is going to have the chance to do that.
Tom is going to go to Australia in October.
Tom is going to go back to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is going to do whatever you ask him to.
Tom is going to do whatever has to be done.
Tom is going to do what he can to help you.
Tom is going to do that your way next time.
Tom is going to do that with Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to come to Boston this summer.
Tom is going to come to Boston next Monday.
Tom is going to be with me the entire time.
Tom is going to be with Mary all afternoon.
Tom is going to be upset if he doesn't win.
Tom is going to be there tomorrow for sure.
Tom is going to be there in thirty minutes.
Tom is going to be the next one to do that.
Tom is going to be the last one to do that.
Tom is going to be really happy to see you.
Tom is going to be punished for doing that.
Tom is going to be playing tennis tomorrow.
Tom is going to be out of town for a while.
Tom is going to be irritated by that noise.
Tom is going to be here in fifteen minutes.
Tom is going to be forgiven for doing that.
Tom is going to be back tomorrow afternoon.
Tom is going to be back before you know it.
Tom is going to be arriving in the morning.
Tom is going to be appearing on TV tonight.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that for us.
Tom is depressed because his wife left him.
Tom is a third-year law student at Harvard.
Tom is a little better at guitar than Mary.
Tom invited Mary to Boston for the weekend.
Tom hugged Mary and said that he loved her.
Tom hasn't yet read the committee's report.
Tom hasn't spoken with Mary in a long time.
Tom has three sisters and an older brother.
Tom has something he needs to do right now.
Tom has been spending a lot time with Mary.
Tom has been sharpening knives all morning.
Tom has been playing tennis a lot recently.
Tom has always wanted to be a fire fighter.
Tom hardly ever sees his daughter anymore.
Tom had no idea Mary was going to be there.
Tom eventually told me what I needed to do.
Tom didn't want anything to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't turn up at the party last night.
Tom didn't know who was going to help Mary.
Tom could've done that if you'd helped him.
Tom could probably teach Mary how to drive.
Tom can probably walk without crutches now.
Tom came here yesterday morning to help us.
Tom called Mary three times this afternoon.
Tom called Mary in the middle of the night.
Tom became fluent in French fairly quickly.
Tom apparently walked to work this morning.
Tom and Mary still live with their parents.
Tom and Mary soon became very good friends.
Tom and Mary sometimes go jogging together.
Tom and Mary live in the same neighborhood.
Tom and Mary don't kiss each other anymore.
Tom and I don't walk as much as we used to.
Tom already knows you want to talk to Mary.
This isn't the right time to be doing this.
There's nothing I like more than spaghetti.
There are several possible ways to do that.
The doctor says that Tom will be all right.
The children want you to read them a story.
Tell Tom that we're not going to help Mary.
Something really should be done about that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has agreed to do that.
My favorite kind of ice cream is chocolate.
Most of the people I know can speak French.
Mary wouldn't tell me her boyfriend's name.
Mary told Tom that she was getting married.
Mary told Tom that she had a new boyfriend.
Mary showed Tom where she hid the diamonds.
Mary said she'd be glad to do that for Tom.
Mary said she thought that Tom was married.
Mary said she thought Tom would likely win.
Mary said she thought Tom would be worried.
Mary said she thought Tom would be nervous.
Mary said she thought Tom would be jealous.
Mary said she thought Tom would be grouchy.
Mary said she thought Tom would be careful.
Mary said she thought Tom was going to win.
Mary said she thought Tom seemed depressed.
Mary said she thought Tom ought to do that.
Mary said she thought Tom looked exhausted.
Mary said she thought Tom didn't like John.
Mary said she didn't want to let Tom drive.
Mary said she didn't know why Tom was late.
Mary let Tom know that she wanted to drive.
Mary doesn't ever kiss her husband anymore.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her ex-husband.
Mary broke up with her boyfriend yesterday.
Let's find somewhere to sit near the front.
Let me show you some pictures of my family.
It's probably going to rain this afternoon.
It's probably going to be tough to do that.
It's probably going to be snowing tomorrow.
It's probably going to be raining tomorrow.
It's probably going to be cheap to do that.
It's just going to take a few more minutes.
It's going to take us hours to finish this.
It's going to stop snowing sooner or later.
It's going to cost you more to go by plane.
It's going to cost at least thirty dollars.
It's been a while since I've talked to Tom.
It might be a good idea to stop doing that.
Is Tom the one who taught you how to drive?
I've finished reading the book you lent me.
I'm sure Tom could teach Mary how to drive.
I'm sorry I'm late. My alarm didn't go off.
I'm pretty sure Tom wouldn't be interested.
I'm going to buy myself a birthday present.
I'm absolutely positive that I can do that.
I'd rather not kiss Tom if I don't have to.
I wonder if that'll happen in our lifetimes
I wish you'd stop lying to us all the time.
I wish I could help you today, but I can't.
I wanted to drive, but Tom wouldn't let me.
I want to know if you know where Tom works.
I want to know if you know where Tom lives.
I want to know if Tom knows how to do that.
I tried to hug Tom, but he wouldn't let me.
I told Tom he could buy whatever he wanted.
I told Tom he could buy anything he wanted.
I thought I saw Tom kissing Mary yesterday.
I think we shouldn't let Tom drive anymore.
I think we all know that that's a bad idea.
I think Tom won't stop crying anytime soon.
I think Tom said that Mary was from Boston.
I think Tom said he needed to buy a shovel.
I spend a lot of time doing things for Tom.
I sang in the church choir for three years.
I intend to lie to Tom about what happened.
I don't think you should be doing that now.
I don't think this is exactly what we need.
I don't think that Tom ate all the bananas.
I don't think Tom would ever do that again.
I don't think Tom would be able to help us.
I don't think Mary would leave her husband.
I didn't let Tom talk me into helping Mary.
I didn't allow Tom do what he wanted to do.
I did know that Tom used to live in Boston.
How much sugar should I put in your coffee?
How much more work do you have to do today?
How much more weight does Tom want to lose?
How much do you think I could make busking?
How much coffee did you drink this morning?
How many pounds do you think I should lose?
How long did it take you to read that book?
How long did it take Tom to get here today?
How did Tom get Mary to eat her vegetables?
Eventually Tom purchased a house in Boston.
Do you really think Tom will let you drive?
Could you please be quiet? Tom is sleeping.
Are you still working for the same company?
Are you going to take an umbrella with you?
"Where did Tom kiss Mary?" "In the garden."
You should've asked me to do that for you.
You said Tom wouldn't kiss me, but he did.
Would you happen to know why Tom was late?
Where do you think Tom will go to college?
When was the last time Tom came to Boston?
When and where did you and Tom first kiss?
Were you able to persuade Tom to help you?
We still don't know what Tom will do next.
We shouldn't tell Tom about what happened.
Tom's family lived in Boston at that time.
Tom wouldn't likely go camping by himself.
Tom wouldn't let you go there by yourself.
Tom works for a company that sells bricks.
Tom won't be very happy if Mary does that.
Tom will try to convince you to help Mary.
Tom will see if Mary can help us tomorrow.
Tom will probably walk to school tomorrow.
Tom will need more money than what he has.
Tom will love the present you got for him.
Tom will learn how to do that, eventually.
Tom will hurt himself if he's not careful.
Tom will go to the beach with us tomorrow.
Tom will be very uncomfortable doing that.
Tom will be really disappointed, won't he?
Tom will be eating dinner with us tonight.
Tom will be angry if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom went to Boston three times last month.
Tom went to Boston three times in October.
Tom wasn't too afraid to go into the cave.
Tom wasn't the only one who saw something.
Tom wasn't the only one who believed that.
Tom wasn't able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom was the only boy Mary saw in the park.
Tom was in the basement a few minutes ago.
Tom was hoping you could do that for Mary.
Tom was here a while ago looking for Mary.
Tom was expecting a little more than that.
Tom was afraid people might laugh at Mary.
Tom wants me to go to the dance with Mary.
Tom tried to get Mary to help him do that.
Tom took Mary's suitcase out of the trunk.
Tom told the police that he'd been robbed.
Tom told the police that he'd been mugged.
Tom told Mary that he was getting married.
Tom thought that Mary had eaten breakfast.
Tom thought he'd be able to help us today.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't do that for him.
Tom thought Mary might refuse to help him.
Tom thinks Mary is still living in Boston.
Tom suggested that I not hug Mary anymore.
Tom studies French after dinner every day.
Tom still lives in Boston with his father.
Tom spent a weekend in Boston last summer.
Tom spends most of his time reading books.
Tom showed Mary where he hid the diamonds.
Tom should've never been asked to do that.
Tom says he doesn't have time for romance.
Tom said that he'd been forced to do that.
Tom said that he was reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he was motivated to do that.
Tom said that Mary would probably do that.
Tom said that Mary would do that for sure.
Tom said that Mary wasn't very supportive.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to Boston.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at school today.
Tom said that Mary was worried about John.
Tom said that Mary was willing to help us.
Tom said that Mary was too young to drive.
Tom said that Mary was too young to drink.
Tom said that Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said that Mary was probably still mad.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be upset.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be tired.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be ready.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be early.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be drunk.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be bored.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be awake.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be angry.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be alone.
Tom said that Mary was happy she did that.
Tom said that Mary was going to Australia.
Tom said that Mary was being hypocritical.
Tom said that Mary was anxious to do that.
Tom said that Mary wants to do that today.
Tom said that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom said that Mary should've left earlier.
Tom said that Mary should do that outside.
Tom said that Mary should be more patient.
Tom said that Mary probably won't do that.
Tom said that Mary probably wasn't scared.
Tom said that Mary needs to do that today.
Tom said that Mary needed to do that soon.
Tom said that Mary might return on Monday.
Tom said that Mary might agree to do that.
Tom said that Mary looked really confused.
Tom said that Mary didn't sound surprised.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem suspicious.
Tom said that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary didn't look very tired.
Tom said that Mary didn't look very angry.
Tom said that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said his parents are getting divorced.
Tom said he'd be glad to do that for Mary.
Tom said he wouldn't do that until Monday.
Tom said he wouldn't do that anytime soon.
Tom said he wouldn't do anything about it.
Tom said he wouldn't be back until Monday.
Tom said he wanted something hot to drink.
Tom said he wanted me to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he wanted me to be here tomorrow.
Tom said he thought that we could do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was married.
Tom said he thought he'd find another job.
Tom said he thought he could impress Mary.
Tom said he thought Mary would likely win.
Tom said he thought Mary would be worried.
Tom said he thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom said he thought Mary would be jealous.
Tom said he thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom said he thought Mary would be careful.
Tom said he thought Mary was going to win.
Tom said he thought Mary seemed depressed.
Tom said he thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said he thought Mary didn't like John.
Tom said he thought I'd already done that.
Tom said he felt bad about what he'd done.
Tom said he didn't want to let Mary drive.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was late.
Tom said Mary might not eat lunch with us.
Tom recommended that I go there by myself.
Tom noticed that Mary was talking to John.
Tom needs more than three hundred dollars.
Tom looks almost identical to his brother.
Tom let Mary know that he wanted to drive.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to be awake.
Tom knew that I was determined to do that.
Tom kissed Mary twice, once on each cheek.
Tom isn't very likely to hug Mary anymore.
Tom isn't as spontaneous as he used to be.
Tom isn't as hardworking as he used to be.
Tom isn't as cooperative as he used to be.
Tom isn't as competitive as he used to be.
Tom is very interested in classical music.
Tom is trying to keep that from happening.
Tom is the person who helped Mary do that.
Tom is the one who taught me how to drive.
Tom is the least likely person to do that.
Tom is swimming with his kids in the pool.
Tom is staying at the hotel near my house.
Tom is probably never going to walk again.
Tom is probably going to stop crying soon.
Tom is probably going to let Mary do that.
Tom is probably going to do that tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to be here tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to be busy tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to agree to do that.
Tom is one of my most interesting friends.
Tom is on his way to Mary's apartment now.
Tom is never going to find out about this.
Tom is likely going to follow your advice.
Tom is likely going to be absent tomorrow.
Tom is in Boston visiting his grandmother.
Tom is grateful for what you did for Mary.
Tom is going to talk to us about it later.
Tom is going to take care of the children.
Tom is going to stay here with us tonight.
Tom is going to stay here for three weeks.
Tom is going to regret it sooner or later.
Tom is going to notify us if that happens.
Tom is going to meet you tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to have to do that elsewhere.
Tom is going to go to Australia next week.
Tom is going to get the chance to do that.
Tom is going to get fired if he does that.
Tom is going to get all the help he needs.
Tom is going to freeze to death out there.
Tom is going to follow my advice, I think.
Tom is going to find a way to get it done.
Tom is going to figure out how to do that.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow for sure.
Tom is going to do that as soon as he can.
Tom is going to be with me the whole time.
Tom is going to be waiting at the station.
Tom is going to be ready in a few minutes.
Tom is going to be in Boston next weekend.
Tom is going to be here when you get back.
Tom is going to be here until next Monday.
Tom is going to be here next week, I hope.
Tom is going to be happy to see you again.
Tom is going to be glad he didn't do that.
Tom is going to be delighted to hear that.
Tom is going to be back in thirty minutes.
Tom is going to be at home this afternoon.
Tom is going to be a good father, I think.
Tom is expected back in Boston in October.
Tom is definitely going to try to do that.
Tom hugged Mary and then got on the train.
Tom hasn't been married to Mary very long.
Tom has until Monday to finish the report.
Tom has tried to kill himself three times.
Tom has pictures of Mary wearing a bikini.
Tom has decided to go back home to Boston.
Tom has been waiting for Mary to call him.
Tom has been trying to live a normal life.
Tom has been spending more time with Mary.
Tom has been ready to do that for a while.
Tom has asked Mary not to do that anymore.
Tom has a tattoo of an eagle on his chest.
Tom found the necklace that Mary had lost.
Tom fell in love with one of his students.
Tom fell down the stairs and hurt himself.
Tom eventually told me what I ought to do.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary does that.
Tom doesn't know who's going to help Mary.
Tom didn't want Mary to eat so much candy.
Tom didn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom didn't say where or when to meet Mary.
Tom didn't really expect to find anything.
Tom didn't read the message Mary sent him.
Tom didn't know what was likely to happen?
Tom didn't have time to go shopping today.
Tom didn't get home until late last night.
Tom didn't expect you to do that for Mary.
Tom couldn't find his way out of the cave.
Tom couldn't come today because he's sick.
Tom could probably teach you how to drive.
Tom convinced Mary to make him a sandwich.
Tom asked Mary to teach John how to drive.
Tom asked Mary to go to the park with him.
Tom and Mary sat side by side on the sofa.
Tom and Mary hung up the laundry together.
Tom and Mary don't hug each other anymore.
Tom and Mary adopted John three years ago.
Tom and I'll hang up the laundry together.
Tom agreed to meet with Mary in the lobby.
They knocked thirty dollars off the price.
There's nothing I like more than swimming.
There's not much chance of that happening.
There's a jewelry store not far from here.
There was nothing we could do to help Tom.
The book I bought yesterday was expensive.
Personally, I think you shouldn't do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that today.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that again.
Mary's husband told me she wasn't at home.
Mary will do anything she can to help Tom.
Mary wasn't a popular girl in high school.
Mary told Tom she wanted something to eat.
Mary talked to Tom about that, didn't she?
Mary showed us a picture of her boyfriend.
Mary showed me a picture of her boyfriend.
Mary says she wants to show Tom something.
Mary plans to break up with her boyfriend.
Mary looks almost identical to her sister.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary bought herself a dress for the party.
Many of Tom's friends think he's a genius.
It's unlikely that Tom will be here today.
It's time for the kids to go to bed.
It's probably going to be safe to do that.
It's going to take longer than you expect.
It's going to take a long time to do that.
It's going to be sunny tomorrow afternoon.
It's going to be crowded everywhere today.
It's a good thing that Tom didn't do that.
It seems Tom is having trouble doing that.
It looks like Tom hasn't shaved in a week.
I've been studying French for three hours.
I'm sure that Tom won't help Mary do that.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind if we did that.
I'm sure Tom could teach you how to drive.
I'm pretty sure Tom will be there tonight.
I'm going to give all my possessions away.
I'll tell Tom you're not going to do that.
I'd rather not do that if I don't have to.
I'd like to stay here for three more days.
I wonder if Tom's friends would help Mary.
I wonder if Tom really did that on Monday.
I wonder how much Tom got paid to do that.
I wish Tom hadn't lied to Mary about that.
I wish I could do that today, but I can't.
I was the one who taught Tom how to drive.
I want to know if you know how to do that.
I tried to hug Tom, but he pushed me away.
I think that's going to happen quite soon.
I think Tom should do that somewhere else.
I think Tom didn't do what he said he did.
I think Tom could teach Mary how to drive.
I think I'll never get used to doing this.
I suppose I really ought to do that today.
I really don't like the way Tom does that.
I never listen to classical music anymore.
I have a few friends who can speak French.
I had to drive home because Tom was drunk.
I find it hard to understand Tom's French.
I doubt Tom will come to Boston this year.
I don't think you should do that with Tom.
I don't think Tom will be here until 2:30.
I don't think Tom is obligated to do that.
I don't really like the way Tom does that.
I don't always kiss my children goodnight.
I can't remember what happened after that.
How much time will it take you to do that?
How much time will it take Tom to do that?
How much money do you usually have on you?
How many times a month does Tom come here?
How many sandwiches did Tom make for Mary?
How long have you spent doing that so far?
How long do you intend to keep doing that?
How do you think Tom will propose to Mary?
How did you find out that Tom kissed Mary?
How did Tom know we were looking for Mary?
Have you told Tom why you don't like Mary?
Don't mothers kiss their children anymore?
Do you want me to pick you up at the airport?
Do you think Tom will come to pick you up?
Do you think Tom is ever going to do that?
Do you still feel like eating out tonight?
Do you have anything planned for tomorrow?
Did Tom tell Mary why he ate her sandwich?
Did Tom ask you to go to Boston with Mary?
Did Tom ask Mary why she ate his sandwich?
Could you tell me where I can park my car?
Can you help me clean up before you leave?
Are you sure that Tom is Mary's boyfriend?
About thirty people were severely injured.
"Where did Tom kiss Mary?" "On the cheek."
You're just the person I was looking for.
You don't speak French very well, do you?
Would you like me to unwrap that for you?
Would you happen to know where Tom lives?
Would it be all right if I let Tom drive?
Would Tom care if Mary ate lunch with me?
With friends like Tom, who needs enemies?
Why isn't Tom hanging up the laundry now?
Why don't you want to go to school today?
Why do you think Tom doesn't like Boston?
Why do you let Tom to treat you that way?
Why didn't you do what I asked you to do?
Who does Tom think is going to help Mary?
Who did Tom think would do that for Mary?
Who did Tom think was going to meet Mary?
Who did Tom say went to Boston with Mary?
Who did Tom say borrowed money from Mary?
When was the last time you sang with Tom?
When was the last time Tom took a shower?
When was the last time Tom sang with you?
When was the last time Tom drove a truck?
When do you think Tom will want to leave?
When I first met Tom, he was a bartender.
What do you think Tom's favorite food is?
What Tom wanted was some peace and quiet.
We don't know what caused that to happen.
Tom's wife died three hours after he did.
Tom wouldn't let Mary sing with his band.
Tom wouldn't be doing that now, would he?
Tom would do anything to make keep happy.
Tom would do anything to make Mary happy.
Tom won't be very comfortable doing that.
Tom won't be mad if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will do anything he can to help Mary.
Tom will be waiting for Mary to call him.
Tom will be very angry if Mary does that.
Tom will be in Boston all week, won't he?
Tom went to Boston three times last year.
Tom wasn't supposed to receive any money.
Tom wasn't expecting Mary to eat so much.
Tom was working for an insurance company.
Tom was wondering what would happen next.
Tom was the one who stole Mary's bicycle.
Tom was the one who organized everything.
Tom was supposed to meet me in the lobby.
Tom was hoping we could do that for Mary.
Tom was here for several hours yesterday.
Tom wants to throw all these things away.
Tom wants to know who your girlfriend is.
Tom wants to get rid of all these things.
Tom wanted to spend all day on the beach.
Tom wanted to know what happened to Mary.
Tom wanted to explain everything to Mary.
Tom wanted me to teach Mary how to drive.
Tom wanted Mary to meet him after school.
Tom tried to prevent that from happening.
Tom tried to persuade me to go with Mary.
Tom tried to get Mary to do that for him.
Tom told Mary he wanted something to eat.
Tom thought Mary might refuse to do that.
Tom thought Mary knew who his father was.
Tom thinks Mary won't likely eat dessert.
Tom talked to Mary about that, didn't he?
Tom stayed with us in Boston last spring.
Tom spent the rest of his life in Boston.
Tom spent the next three years in Boston.
Tom spent most of his time reading books.
Tom should have someone do that for Mary.
Tom says he won't walk to school anymore.
Tom says he wants to talk about it later.
Tom says he wants to show Mary something.
Tom says he isn't in the mood to do that.
Tom says he doesn't want to work outside.
Tom saw a bag of groceries in Mary's car.
Tom said your snoring didn't bother Mary.
Tom said that tomorrow isn't soon enough.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't going to be late.
Tom said that he was hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he was finished doing that.
Tom said that he felt very uncomfortable.
Tom said that Mary would very likely win.
Tom said that Mary would very likely cry.
Tom said that Mary would most likely win.
Tom said that Mary would likely complain.
Tom said that Mary would be coming later.
Tom said that Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary wasn't very surprised.
Tom said that Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going anywhere.
Tom said that Mary wasn't doing that now.
Tom said that Mary wasn't claustrophobic.
Tom said that Mary wasn't afraid of John.
Tom said that Mary wasn't afraid anymore.
Tom said that Mary was worried about you.
Tom said that Mary was working in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was probably still up.
Tom said that Mary was here this morning.
Tom said that Mary was going to help him.
Tom said that Mary was at home on Monday.
Tom said that Mary was afraid of spiders.
Tom said that Mary was a reckless driver.
Tom said that Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be confused.
Tom said that Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said that Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said that Mary ought to do that, too.
Tom said that Mary looked very surprised.
Tom said that Mary is usually never late.
Tom said that Mary has been to Australia.
Tom said that Mary has been feeling sick.
Tom said that Mary has been busy all day.
Tom said that Mary has agreed to do that.
Tom said that Mary hardly ever does that.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem to be mad.
Tom said that Mary didn't look very busy.
Tom said that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom said he'd never testify against Mary.
Tom said he wanted to meet Mary's family.
Tom said he thought that Mary was hungry.
Tom said he thought Mary would be sleepy.
Tom said he thought Mary would be scared.
Tom said he thought Mary would be lonely.
Tom said he thought Mary would be hungry.
Tom said he thought Mary would be afraid.
Tom said he thought Mary would be absent.
Tom said he thought Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said he thought Mary was still awake.
Tom said he thought Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said he thought Mary looked confused.
Tom said he doesn't have very much money.
Tom said Mary won't likely eat very much.
Tom said Mary hardly ever eats asparagus.
Tom recognized Mary and John immediately.
Tom really has to buy a new set of tires.
Tom promised me that he'd do that for me.
Tom promised Mary he'd come to her party.
Tom picked up all the coins on the floor.
Tom noticed that Mary wasn't in the room.
Tom needed to explain everything to Mary.
Tom moved from Boston to Chicago in 2013.
Tom looks older than his younger brother.
Tom lives in a middle-class neighborhood.
Tom likes geography, science and history.
Tom likely won't walk to school tomorrow.
Tom let Mary know that he couldn't drive.
Tom knows why Mary didn't eat any dinner.
Tom knows the police are looking for him.
Tom knows that Mary didn't eat any lunch.
Tom knew the police were looking for him.
Tom knew that something bad might happen.
Tom knew that something bad had happened.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to be home.
Tom knew that Mary was likely to be busy.
Tom knew that I was reluctant to do that.
Tom knew that I was motivated to do that.
Tom knew that I was desperate to do that.
Tom isn't very good at sharpening knives.
Tom isn't the only one who saw something.
Tom isn't the only one who believes that.
Tom isn't really a French teacher, is he?
Tom isn't interested in doing that today.
Tom isn't as unfriendly as he used to be.
Tom isn't as supportive as he used to be.
Tom isn't as overweight as he used to be.
Tom isn't as optimistic as he used to be.
Tom isn't as dependable as he used to be.
Tom is waiting outside the movie theater.
Tom is the only boy Mary has ever kissed.
Tom is probably going to stop doing that.
Tom is probably going to leave next week.
Tom is probably going to be leaving soon.
Tom is probably going to be here all day.
Tom is probably going to be back by 2:30.
Tom is playing with his kids in the pool.
Tom is going to work in Boston next year.
Tom is going to want to know you're here.
Tom is going to visit Boston this summer.
Tom is going to try and stop me for sure.
Tom is going to teach you how to do that.
Tom is going to take care of that for us.
Tom is going to show Mary how to do that.
Tom is going to paint the fence tomorrow.
Tom is going to make sure Mary does that.
Tom is going to have to do that tomorrow.
Tom is going to have his house repainted.
Tom is going to go to Boston next summer.
Tom is going to give it to Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to give Mary what she wants.
Tom is going to give Mary what she needs.
Tom is going to get here sooner or later.
Tom is going to find some way to do that.
Tom is going to find out sooner or later.
Tom is going to do what I tell him to do.
Tom is going to do that, I'm pretty sure.
Tom is going to do that with us tomorrow.
Tom is going to do that when he has time.
Tom is going to do that when he comes in.
Tom is going to do that for you, I think.
Tom is going to do that even if it rains.
Tom is going to be working all afternoon.
Tom is going to be with Mary all morning.
Tom is going to be out of town next week.
Tom is going to be in Boston next Monday.
Tom is going to be here till next Monday.
Tom is going to be here in just a moment.
Tom is going to be here in a few minutes.
Tom is going to be busy tomorrow morning.
Tom is going to be back in a few minutes.
Tom is going to be arriving an hour late.
Tom is going to be able to come tomorrow.
Tom is going to arrive in Boston at 2:30.
Tom is expecting a little more than that.
Tom is definitely never going to do that.
Tom is certainly going to try to do that.
Tom is afraid people might laugh at Mary.
Tom invited too many people to his party.
Tom invited a lot of people to his party.
Tom hoped he could get his children back.
Tom has told Mary not to hug him anymore.
Tom has difficulty controlling his anger.
Tom has decided to return home to Boston.
Tom has been waiting for Mary to come in.
Tom has been told to stay away from Mary.
Tom has been on life support for a while.
Tom has been in prison for several years.
Tom has always walked with a slight limp.
Tom has always dreamed of being a father.
Tom has always been a really hard worker.
Tom forgot to tell me where to meet Mary.
Tom eventually told me what had happened.
Tom encouraged Mary to apply for the job.
Tom doesn't want you to do that for Mary.
Tom doesn't ever kiss his wife in public.
Tom didn't know what was going to happen.
Tom didn't know how sick Mary really was.
Tom didn't help Mary carry her suitcases.
Tom caught Mary and John stealing apples.
Tom called Mary to see how she was doing.
Tom became fluent in French very quickly.
Tom asked me where I'd bought my scooter.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to drive.
Tom and Mary work in the same department.
Tom and Mary want to get married someday.
Tom and Mary often watch movies together.
Tom and Mary got married in October 2013.
Tom and Mary agreed to meet in the lobby.
This should've been done a long time ago.
This is a picture of one of my paintings.
There's a good restaurant on Park Street.
The post office isn't very far from here.
The police recovered Tom's stolen wallet.
That should've been done a long time ago.
Our supplies won't last very much longer.
Neither Tom nor Mary has time to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been doing that.
My flight was supposed to arrive at 2:30.
My favorite modern writer is Tom Jackson.
Most of the people I know live in Boston.
Monday night is pizza night at our house.
Mary said she knew who Tom's ex-wife was.
Mary is visiting her boyfriend in Boston.
Mary is still your girlfriend, isn't she?
Mary introduced herself as Tom's ex-wife.
Make sure Tom doesn't eat too much candy.
It's quite likely to rain this afternoon.
It's probably not a good idea to do that.
It's probably going to be fun to do that.
It's just not possible for me to do that.
It's going to take time to get that done.
It's going to stop snowing soon, I think.
It's going to cost around thirty dollars.
It's going to be easy for Tom to do that.
It's been years since I've played tennis.
It'll take us more than a day to do that.
If you do that this way, it'll be easier.
I've spent my last few summers in Boston.
I'm sure Tom will get used to doing that.
I'm really looking forward to doing that.
I'm prepared to lie for Tom if I have to.
I'm counting the days till Tom gets here.
I'm afraid I don't share your enthusiasm.
I'll go to Boston next week to visit Tom.
I'll come back for you in thirty minutes.
I'd really like to speak French fluently.
I wonder why Tom lied to Mary about that.
I wonder who the woman talking to Tom is.
I wonder what Tom will do this afternoon.
I wanted to kiss Tom again, but I didn't.
I think that's going to happen very soon.
I think Tom won't be busy this afternoon.
I think Tom wants me to do that with him.
I think Tom wants me to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom could teach you how to drive.
I sat on a park bench and waited for Tom.
I sat on a park bench and studied French.
I hope Tom will like what I made for him.
I hope Tom knows he has to help us today.
I have lots of other things I want to do.
I have lots of other things I need to do.
I have lots of other things I have to do.
I guess that's why Tom never got married.
I don't yet know what we'll do on Monday.
I don't often drive over the speed limit.
I don't have any friends who likes opera.
I could've done that better than Tom did.
I can't even imagine my life without Tom.
I can help you do that if you want me to.
I came to pick Tom up and drive him home.
How much time did it take you to do that?
How much sugar do you put in your coffee?
How much more weight do you want to lose?
How much money do you think we have left?
How much do we actually have to do today?
How much distance have we covered so far?
How much did Tom pay you to mow the lawn?
How much did Tom pay you to mow his lawn?
How much chocolate do you think Tom eats?
How much chocolate did Tom eat yesterday?
How much cheese did you eat last weekend?
How many years has Tom been working here?
How many times a week does Tom come here?
How many pounds did Tom lose last summer?
How many people came into the shop today?
How many months has Tom been living here?
How long would it take to paint the roof?
How long would it take to change the oil?
How long does Tom expect us to help Mary?
How long do you intend to stay in Boston?
How do you think you did on today's test?
How did you know Tom wanted to kiss Mary?
How did Tom react when you told him that?
Has anyone heard any good jokes recently?
Give me one good reason I should do that.
Do you happen to know where Tom was born?
Could Tom have been the one who did that?
Are you sure Tom doesn't want to do that?
Are you sure Tom doesn't need to do that?
Are you sure Tom doesn't have to do that?
You shouldn't have kissed Tom yesterday.
You should've told me about that sooner.
You can't possibly expect me to do that.
Would it be OK if Tom stayed for dinner?
Why do you think Tom doesn't trust Mary?
Why didn't you buy any vegetables today?
Who are some of your favorite musicians?
Where do you think Tom will be tomorrow?
What do you and Tom usually do together?
What time are you planning to go to bed?
What have you accomplished so far today?
We're flying back to Boston on the 20th.
We were unaware that that was happening.
We know that Tom doesn't always do that.
Try not to think about Tom all the time.
Tom, Mary and John all ought to do that.
Tom's wife picked him up at the station.
Tom's wife is just as stubborn as he is.
Tom's office was broken into last night.
Tom's parents are getting divorced.
Tom's French is better than his English.
Tom wouldn't let anything happen to you.
Tom wouldn't answer any of my questions.
Tom would never say something like that.
Tom would never marry someone like Mary.
Tom worked as a plumber for three years.
Tom won't go to Boston with us, will he?
Tom won't be very happy if Mary is late.
Tom won't allow Mary to hug him anymore.
Tom woke Mary up and kissed her goodbye.
Tom will write a letter to Mary tonight.
Tom will unlikely walk home in the rain.
Tom will pay you a visit this afternoon.
Tom will need to get used to doing that.
Tom will likely lose everything he owns.
Tom will learn how to drive this summer.
Tom will have to get used to doing that.
Tom will have to do that all by himself.
Tom will give me a haircut this weekend.
Tom will get killed if he's not careful.
Tom will get here earlier than expected.
Tom will be mad if Mary doesn't do that.
Tom will be in prison for several years.
Tom will be a college student next year.
Tom will ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom went to Boston to live with his father.
Tom was the one who took these pictures.
Tom was the one who planted these trees.
Tom was the last one to leave the store.
Tom was surprised that Mary ate so much.
Tom was still doing that when I saw him.
Tom was married to Mary for a long time.
Tom was here on the evening of the 20th.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend in high school.
Tom wants you to help him do that today.
Tom wants you to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom wants to see the monkeys at the zoo.
Tom wants to know what happened to Mary.
Tom wants to go and live with his uncle.
Tom wants to explain everything to Mary.
Tom wanted me to teach him how to drive.
Tom wanted me to buy some food for Mary.
Tom uses flashcards to study vocabulary.
Tom tried to get Mary to eat more fruit.
Tom tried the hat on, but it didn't fit.
Tom took his children on a camping trip.
Tom told me you were going to help Mary.
Tom told me the same thing Mary told me.
Tom told Mary John couldn't eat walnuts.
Tom thought he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom thought Mary would do that with him.
Tom thinks that Mary has a crush on him.
Tom stole money from his mother's purse.
Tom spent all morning cleaning his room.
Tom showed Mary where he kept his money.
Tom seemed to think we didn't like Mary.
Tom says he needs to go home right away.
Tom says Mary always eats lunch at noon.
Tom said that he wasn't very optimistic.
Tom said that he was through doing that.
Tom said that he was tempted to do that.
Tom said that he was feeling very tired.
Tom said that he was at today's meeting.
Tom said that he was anxious to do that.
Tom said that Mary won't likely do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't likely to win.
Tom said that Mary wasn't likely to cry.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in Boston now.
Tom said that Mary was worried about me.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be out.
Tom said that Mary was in love with him.
Tom said that Mary was having a bad day.
Tom said that Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that Mary was going to be late.
Tom said that Mary was going to be here.
Tom said that Mary was eager to do that.
Tom said that Mary was afraid of snakes.
Tom said that Mary studies French a lot.
Tom said that Mary may return on Monday.
Tom said that Mary looked very confused.
Tom said that Mary has to do that today.
Tom said that Mary has done that before.
Tom said that Mary has been here before.
Tom said that Mary had to do that today.
Tom said that Mary frequently does that.
Tom said that Mary didn't look confused.
Tom said that Mary didn't have a lawyer.
Tom said he wouldn't be home for dinner.
Tom said he wished he were here with us.
Tom said he was going to let Mary drive.
Tom said he wanted to stay a little longer.
Tom said he thought that Mary was tired.
Tom said he thought my jokes were funny.
Tom said he thought he was going to win.
Tom said he thought he should help Mary.
Tom said he thought he had to help Mary.
Tom said he thought Mary would be tired.
Tom said he thought Mary would be ready.
Tom said he thought Mary would be early.
Tom said he thought Mary would be alone.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said he thought Mary was suspicious.
Tom said he thought Mary was interested.
Tom said he thought Mary was downstairs.
Tom said he thought Mary looked nervous.
Tom said he thought Mary looked annoyed.
Tom said he needed to buy a new sweater.
Tom said he didn't want me to help Mary.
Tom said he couldn't buy what he needed.
Tom said Mary was too busy to eat lunch.
Tom said Mary usually sits in the front.
Tom said Mary should've eaten breakfast.
Tom said Mary is hanging up the laundry.
Tom refused to show Mary how to do that.
Tom pushed the door open with his elbow.
Tom promised Mary he'd be there on time.
Tom probably won't go to Boston with us.
Tom probably didn't die in the accident.
Tom never told Mary about what happened.
Tom needs to explain everything to Mary.
Tom moved his desk closer to the window.
Tom might think that we don't like Mary.
Tom lives less than thirty minutes away.
Tom lives about threes blocks from here.
Tom let me know that he wanted to drive.
Tom left Boston early on Monday morning.
Tom knows that Mary ate lunch with John.
Tom knows better than to let Mary drive.
Tom knows Mary would rather not do that.
Tom knew that I was prepared to do that.
Tom knew that I was hesitant to do that.
Tom knew Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom kissed Mary and then got on the bus.
Tom isn't the only one I know in Boston.
Tom isn't supposed to receive any money.
Tom isn't likely to help us again today.
Tom isn't as talkative as he used to be.
Tom isn't as obnoxious as he used to be.
Tom isn't as impulsive as he used to be.
Tom isn't as forgetful as he used to be.
Tom isn't as confident as he used to be.
Tom isn't as conceited as he used to be.
Tom isn't Mary's current French teacher.
Tom is working for an insurance company.
Tom is willing to do anything Mary asks.
Tom is usually in his office on Mondays.
Tom is the one who organized everything.
Tom is the one who made Mary eat a frog.
Tom is still wearing his police uniform.
Tom is reluctant to move back to Boston.
Tom is probably going to try to do that.
Tom is probably going to like this game.
Tom is probably going to let Mary drive.
Tom is probably going to come home soon.
Tom is probably going to become violent.
Tom is probably going to be unimpressed.
Tom is probably going to be discouraged.
Tom is probably going to be cooperative.
Tom is never going to see Mary again.
Tom is never going to tell us the truth.
Tom is never going to let you win again.
Tom is never going to go back to Boston.
Tom is never going to get out of prison.
Tom is living in Boston with his father.
Tom is likely going to do that tomorrow.
Tom is likely going to be grouchy today.
Tom is likely going to be busy tomorrow.
Tom is likely going to agree to do that.
Tom is hoping you can do that with Mary.
Tom is going to walk to school tomorrow.
Tom is going to tell you how to do that.
Tom is going to show you how to do that.
Tom is going to show up sooner or later.
Tom is going to meet you at the station.
Tom is going to know what we need to do.
Tom is going to have to walk home today.
Tom is going to have to do that as well.
Tom is going to go to Boston next month.
Tom is going to get it right eventually.
Tom is going to get home back on Monday.
Tom is going to drive you to your place.
Tom is going to do that sooner or later.
Tom is going to do that some other time.
Tom is going to do that in a day or two.
Tom is going to do that again, I'm sure.
Tom is going to buy a new bicycle today.
Tom is going to be there for a few days.
Tom is going to be skeptical about that.
Tom is going to be out of town all week.
Tom is going to be in Boston for a week.
Tom is going to be in Boston all summer.
Tom is going to be here only a few days.
Tom is going to be here in half an hour.
Tom is going to be here in five minutes.
Tom is going to be at the party tonight.
Tom is going to be able to do that soon.
Tom is going to ask Mary not to do that.
Tom is going to arrive tomorrow evening.
Tom is afraid people might laugh at him.
Tom hasn't made much progress in French.
Tom has no intention of ever doing that.
Tom has never told me where he met Mary.
Tom has curly hair just like his father.
Tom has been walking to school recently.
Tom has been in his bedroom all morning.
Tom has been in Boston for three months.
Tom has been doing this for a long time.
Tom has been doing quite well in school.
Tom has been brought in for questioning.
Tom has asked for permission to do that.
Tom has asked Mary not to do that again.
Tom has always had a problem doing that.
Tom has already spoken to me about that.
Tom hardly ever kisses his wife anymore.
Tom had no intention of ever doing that.
Tom gets along well with his stepfather.
Tom gave Mary his permission to do that.
Tom gave Mary a kiss and got on the bus.
Tom expects Mary to eat dinner with him.
Tom expected Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom eventually told me what I should do.
Tom eventually told me what I had to do.
Tom doesn't want to go swimming with us.
Tom doesn't really want me to help Mary.
Tom doesn't hug Mary very often anymore.
Tom doesn't have anything to talk about.
Tom does tend to be indiscreet at times.
Tom died before the ambulance got there.
Tom didn't want people to see him naked.
Tom didn't even know Mary had a brother.
Tom couldn't hear what Mary were saying.
Tom could've lied to you, but he didn't.
Tom congratulated Mary on her promotion.
Tom claims he doesn't remember anything.
Tom claimed he didn't remember anything.
Tom came here this morning to help Mary.
Tom borrowed a pair of gloves from Mary.
Tom asked Mary to follow him downstairs.
Tom and Mary sometimes eat out together.
Tom and Mary haven't discussed that yet.
Tom and Mary have all sorts of problems.
Tom and I often kiss each other goodbye.
Tom and I haven't kissed in a long time.
Tom advised Mary to eat more vegetables.
Three million dollars is a lot of money.
These flowers are for Mary, not for you.
These are the pictures I took on Monday.
There's no reason Tom would've run away.
There's a supermarket on the next block.
There were only a few people on the bus.
The suitcase Tom was carrying was empty.
That happened Monday afternoon at Tom's.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that now.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever done that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has ever been here.
Neighbors said they heard Tom screaming.
My guess is that Tom won't want to sing.
My favorite restaurant is Chuck's Diner.
Mary told me her husband's name was Tom.
Mary talks about her ex-boyfriend a lot.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her husband.
Mary didn't tell me Tom was her brother.
Let's keep doing this as long as we can.
Let's just rest here for a little while.
It's unlikely that Tom will do that now.
It's probably not going to happen today.
It's going to take some time to do that.
It's going to take at least three hours.
It's going to take an hour to get there.
It's going to clear up in the afternoon.
It's going to be easy for us to do that.
It's going to be easy for me to do that.
It was lucky you were there to help Tom.
It looks like Tom will get into Harvard.
It didn't take you much time to do that.
It didn't take Tom very long to do that.
It didn't take Tom much time to do that.
If we're lucky, it'll be sunny tomorrow.
I've only heard Tom play the banjo once.
I'm prepared to lie to Tom if I have to.
I'm not sure Tom would let Mary do that.
I'm not going to teach you how to drive.
I'd rather not to lie to Tom about that.
I'd be surprised if Tom let you do that.
I wouldn't want to do that for a living.
I wonder why Tom won't let Mary do that.
I wonder whether Tom would let me drive.
I wonder if you could help me with this.
I wish I'd never lied to Tom about that.
I want to know if you know who did that.
I told Tom the same thing you told Mary.
I told Tom the same thing Mary told him.
I think Tom will propose to you tonight.
I think Tom understood your explanation.
I think Tom should tell Mary to do that.
I suggest you stop doing that right now.
I still wonder why Tom let Mary do that.
I should've brought my umbrella with me.
I promise I'll do that before I go home.
I know that Tom expects me to help Mary.
I know Tom and Mary want to get married.
I just found out that Tom won't do that.
I hope Tom doesn't find out what we did.
I hope Tom does what we asked him to do.
I have visited Tom many times in Boston.
I don't think the weather will clear up.
I don't think Tom would ever forget you.
I don't think Tom will be too much help.
I don't think Tom was telling the truth.
I don't really like punk rock very much.
I didn't think Tom would let Mary drive.
How much would you charge me to do that?
How much support do you think Tom needs?
How much of this did you write yourself?
How much milk do you think I should buy?
How much candy did you eat last weekend?
How many years ago did you buy your car?
How many times a day does Tom kiss Mary?
How many pounds did you lose last month?
How many pictures have you taken so far?
How many days have you been here so far?
How many days a week does Tom come here?
How long will it take to paint the roof?
How long will it take to change the oil?
How long has Tom been working in Boston?
How did you know Tom wouldn't kiss Mary?
Hopefully, it won't be raining tomorrow.
His name is Tom and he's Mary's brother.
Her name is Mary and she's Tom's sister.
Has Tom ever lied to you about anything?
French is my favorite subject in school.
Don't you remember what Tom did to Mary?
Do you really think it'll snow tomorrow?
Do you really think Tom will believe me?
Did you bring what I asked you to bring?
Did Tom really think we would help Mary?
Could you tell me what needs to be done?
Can you tell me where I should put this?
Are you sure that Tom really likes Mary?
Are you sure that Tom doesn't like Mary?
Are you still working at the same place?
You'd better stop doing that right now.
You shouldn't have told Tom about that.
You shouldn't have been so mean to Tom.
You should tell Tom that you love Mary.
Would you like me to unwrap it for you?
Why don't you help Tom paint the fence?
Why do you think Tom shouldn't do that?
Why do you think Tom doesn't trust you?
Why are you always so hard on yourself?
Who did Tom say was going to help Mary?
When was the last time you took a bath?
When was the last time Tom took a bath?
When was the last time Tom kissed Mary?
What Tom really needs now is some rest.
Were you able to persuade Tom to drive?
We need to find out where Tom was born.
We need get to the root of the problem.
Tom, Mary and John all want to do that.
Tom, Mary and John all need to do that.
Tom, Mary and John all have to do that.
Tom's name should be added to the list.
Tom's French is improving very quickly.
Tom wouldn't let us sing with his band.
Tom works in the accounting department.
Tom won't likely try to hug Mary again.
Tom won't let us go there without Mary.
Tom won't be very happy if you do that.
Tom will try to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom will try to do that this afternoon.
Tom will likely lose everything he has.
Tom will have to live with what he did.
Tom will be very mad if Mary does that.
Tom will be the next person to do that.
Tom went to the orthodontist on Monday.
Tom was too afraid to go into the cave.
Tom was the only one who believed that.
Tom was here with me all day yesterday.
Tom was at school when Mary called him.
Tom was able to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom wants to know if you remember Mary.
Tom wants to get rid of all this stuff.
Tom wanted me to do something for Mary.
Tom wanted me to buy some food for him.
Tom trusted Mary to do the right thing.
Tom took Mary's car keys away from her.
Tom told Mary not to walk on the grass.
Tom told Mary he'd eat lunch with John.
Tom told Mary he needed to talk to her.
Tom told Mary he needed to leave early.
Tom told Mary about what John had done.
Tom thought Mary would do that for him.
Tom still hasn't taken out the garbage.
Tom started dating Mary in high school.
Tom spent the whole afternoon studying.
Tom should've told Mary he was married.
Tom says he's always wanted to do that.
Tom says Mary hardly ever eats raisins.
Tom saw Mary's dog running in the park.
Tom said that he wasn't very surprised.
Tom said that he wasn't very concerned.
Tom said that he wasn't claustrophobic.
Tom said that he was very disappointed.
Tom said that he was in love with Mary.
Tom said that he was at home on Monday.
Tom said that he thought Mary was cute.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely win.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't likely cry.
Tom said that Mary would be here later.
Tom said that Mary was looking for you.
Tom said that Mary was likely to be up.
Tom said that Mary was in the hospital.
Tom said that Mary was in love with me.
Tom said that Mary was going to Boston.
Tom said that Mary wanted to eat trout.
Tom said that Mary tried to shoot John.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be hungry.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be afraid.
Tom said that Mary looked really tired.
Tom said that Mary has never done that.
Tom said that Mary had to do that soon.
Tom said that Mary did a very good job.
Tom said he's never seen Mary eat meat.
Tom said he'd wait for Mary until 2:30.
Tom said he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he wouldn't play tennis today.
Tom said he thought you should do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was cute.
Tom said he thought that Mary was busy.
Tom said he thought he'd be prosecuted.
Tom said he thought Mary would be late.
Tom said he thought Mary would be here.
Tom said he thought Mary would be cold.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said he thought Mary was terrified.
Tom said he thought Mary was surprised.
Tom said he thought Mary was impressed.
Tom said he thought Mary taught French.
Tom said he thought Mary despised John.
Tom said he read three books last week.
Tom said he needed to use the bathroom.
Tom said Mary seldom eats bean sprouts.
Tom owes me over three hundred dollars.
Tom never thought Mary would leave him.
Tom needs to show Mary how to eat that.
Tom must've reached the station by now.
Tom might be here for a couple of days.
Tom makes about thirty dollars an hour.
Tom knows who Mary went to Boston with.
Tom knows Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom knows Mary doesn't need to do that.
Tom knows Mary doesn't have to do that.
Tom knew that this was going to happen.
Tom knew that I was tempted to do that.
Tom knew he didn't have much time left.
Tom isn't still in the hospital, is he?
Tom isn't really a math teacher, is he?
Tom isn't likely to buy anything today.
Tom isn't interested in doing that now.
Tom isn't as tolerant as he used to be.
Tom isn't as stubborn as he used to be.
Tom isn't as reliable as he used to be.
Tom isn't as gullible as he used to be.
Tom isn't as generous as he used to be.
Tom isn't as creative as he used to be.
Tom isn't as careless as he used to be.
Tom isn't as annoying as he used to be.
Tom is the one who took these pictures.
Tom is the man who helped Mary do that.
Tom is sick, so he can't help us today.
Tom is probably not going to win today.
Tom is probably never going to recover.
Tom is probably never going to do that.
Tom is probably going to pass the test.
Tom is probably going to pass the exam.
Tom is probably going to help us today.
Tom is probably going to do that today.
Tom is probably going to do that again.
Tom is probably going to die in prison.
Tom is probably going to come tomorrow.
Tom is probably going to be suspicious.
Tom is probably going to be supportive.
Tom is probably going to be reasonable.
Tom is probably going to be handcuffed.
Tom is probably going to be frightened.
Tom is never going to stop loving Mary.
Tom is never going to get away with it.
Tom is never going to ever forget Mary.
Tom is likely going to lose everything.
Tom is likely going to be leaving soon.
Tom is likely going to be grumpy today.
Tom is hoping you can do that for Mary.
Tom is good at taking care of children.
Tom is going to tell you what happened.
Tom is going to study French with Mary.
Tom is going to play baseball tomorrow.
Tom is going to know something's wrong.
Tom is going to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom is going to go to Boston next week.
Tom is going to give you what you need.
Tom is going to get married in October.
Tom is going to get mad if you do that.
Tom is going to forgive you eventually.
Tom is going to find out what happened.
Tom is going to do that on Monday, too.
Tom is going to do that in the morning.
Tom is going to do that again tomorrow.
Tom is going to be with me all morning.
Tom is going to be very busy next week.
Tom is going to be thrilled to see you.
Tom is going to be thirty next October.
Tom is going to be thirteen next month.
Tom is going to be skeptical, I'm sure.
Tom is going to be in Boston next year.
Tom is going to be in Boston next week.
Tom is going to be here in three hours.
Tom is going to be here in a few hours.
Tom is going to be here for three days.
Tom is going to be here for a few days.
Tom is going to be back in three hours.
Tom is going to be all right, isn't he?
Tom immediately fell in love with Mary.
Tom hired a good lawyer to defend Mary.
Tom heard Mary say that she loved John.
Tom hasn't yet told me who helped Mary.
Tom has said he won't hug Mary anymore.
Tom has never been very good at tennis.
Tom has decided to become an architect.
Tom has decided to become a translator.
Tom has blue eyes just like his mother.
Tom has been watching TV all afternoon.
Tom has been visiting family in Boston.
Tom has been trying to find his father.
Tom has been in his tent all afternoon.
Tom has been here for a very long time.
Tom has been having problems with Mary.
Tom has been at home with Mary all day.
Tom doesn't want to talk to the police.
Tom doesn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom doesn't know how to play this game.
Tom doesn't ever kiss his wife anymore.
Tom does anything Mary tells him to do.
Tom didn't want me to do that for Mary.
Tom didn't see Mary sitting at the bar.
Tom didn't really want Mary to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary was still unhappy.
Tom didn't hear Mary shouting his name.
Tom didn't have anything to talk about.
Tom denied he was the one who did that.
Tom couldn't hear what you were saying.
Tom carried the boxes out to the truck.
Tom can tell Mary whatever he wants to.
Tom can tell Mary anything he wants to.
Tom bought a three hundred dollar suit.
Tom asked me to teach him how to drive.
Tom asked me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom asked Mary to stay a few more days.
Tom and Mary work in the same hospital.
Tom and Mary work for the same company.
Tom and Mary were married at that time.
Tom and Mary spent all morning talking.
Tom and Mary often go jogging together.
Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary are eating on the veranda.
Tom and I don't hug each other anymore.
This type of thing happens quite often.
This may be our last chance to do this.
This is where Tom told us to meet Mary.
There's a fireplace in the living room.
There's a barbershop across the street.
Now isn't the time to start doing that.
Maybe Tom will go to Harvard in Boston.
Mary was a popular girl in high school.
Mary seldom kisses her husband anymore.
Mary says she doesn't want a boyfriend.
Mary said she thought Tom was handsome.
Mary said her new dress cost her a lot.
Mary rarely kisses her husband anymore.
Mary never told me she had a boyfriend.
Mary isn't the shy girl she used to be.
Mary is your younger sister, isn't she?
It's unlikely Tom will want to do that.
It's soon going to be the rainy season.
It's quite likely to snow this evening.
It's quite clear that Tom will be late.
It's probably going to be hot tomorrow.
It's hard to believe that Tom did that.
It's going to stop raining before long.
It's going to be impossible to do that.
It's fine by me if you want to do that.
It won't take you very long to do that.
It won't take you much time to do that.
It won't take Tom very long to do that.
It won't take Tom much time to do that.
It rained a lot when we were in Boston.
It might not be a good idea to do that.
It might be a good idea not to do that.
It didn't take us very long to do that.
It didn't take us much time to do that.
It didn't take me very long to do that.
It didn't take me much time to do that.
If we're lucky, it won't rain tomorrow.
If we don't do something, Tom will die.
I've spoken to Tom and he says he's OK.
I've been waiting here for a long time.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't agree to do that.
I'm sure Tom will be cut from the team.
I'm not sure who I should give this to.
I'm glad we're able to do that for Tom.
I'm getting a little worried about Tom.
I'll tell Tom I'm not going to do that.
I'd like to know why Tom won't help us.
I'd like to know why Tom won't do that.
I wouldn't let Tom drive if I were you.
I wonder who that woman kissing Tom is.
I wonder where Tom went to high school.
I wonder what Tom will do next weekend.
I wonder if you could help Tom do that.
I wonder if Tom would really help Mary.
I won't lie to Tom about what happened.
I wish Tom were here in Boston with us.
I wish Tom had lied to Mary about that.
I wasn't able to persuade Tom to drive.
I was hoping Tom would do that with us.
I told Tom he could buy what he wanted.
I think Tom won't do that anytime soon.
I think Tom should've let Mary do that.
I think Tom lied about where he'd been.
I think Tom lied about how he did that.
I think Tom could get Mary to help you.
I think Tom could get Mary to eat that.
I saw Tom kissing Mary behind the barn.
I saw Tom eating a sandwich over there.
I promised Tom I'd hang up the laundry.
I often spend my days off in this park.
I met with Tom again on Monday morning.
I hope you didn't lie to us about that.
I hope Tom can teach Mary how to drive.
I helped the old lady cross the street.
I heard that Tom will get married soon.
I have only one friend who likes opera.
I forgot to tell Tom about the meeting.
I doubt that Tom will ever forget that.
I don't think you should do that today.
I don't think Tom would leave his wife.
I don't really like this kind of music.
I don't go there as often as I used to.
I didn't think Tom would let you drive.
I didn't know that Tom lived in Boston.
I can't spend the whole day doing this.
I can't remember Tom's brothers' names.
I bumped into Tom and knocked him down.
I asked Tom where I should park my car.
How often does Tom hang up the laundry?
How often do you stay up past midnight?
How much time will you need to do that?
How much money will it take to do that?
How much money has Tom stolen from you?
How many times have you and Tom kissed?
How many times a week do you come here?
How did Tom talk Mary into eating that?
Everything seems to be going perfectly.
Dr. Jackson doesn't have many patients.
Don't you want to see what Tom will do?
Do you think it'll be snowing tomorrow?
Do you think it'll be raining tomorrow?
Do you have any plans for next weekend?
Do both Tom and Mary want to eat pizza?
Did you really tell Tom you hated Mary?
Did you do anything special last night?
Did Tom say who was going to help Mary?
Did Tom know Mary couldn't eat peanuts?
Call Tom and tell him we're on our way.
Are you sure that Tom is in Boston now?
Are you sure nothing's going to happen?
Are you sure Tom will let us help Mary?
Are Tom and Mary still living with you?
All of the students at school know Tom.
A man was here earlier looking for Tom.
You've lied to me before, haven't you?
You won't forget to do that, will you?
You didn't sell your bicycle, did you?
Would Tom really lie to us about that?
Why don't you buy some ice cream, too?
Why does Tom buy things at that store?
Why do you think Tom ought to do that?
Why do you think Tom doesn't like you?
Why did Tom ask Mary to join the team?
Why are you amused by what's going on?
Who's that woman standing next to Tom?
Who are some of your favorite singers?
When was the last time you kissed Tom?
What's on the other side of this wall?
What's on the other side of this lake?
What's on the other side of the river?
What time does your last class finish?
What do you want to know about Boston?
What do you usually do in the evening?
What did Tom want you to buy for Mary?
What are some of Tom's favorite songs?
We've all lied at one time or another.
We're flying back to Boston on Monday.
We had lunch earlier than usual today.
Tom, Mary and John all live in Boston.
Tom wouldn't like it if you were late.
Tom wouldn't let Mary sit next to him.
Tom would've been happy here, I think.
Tom won't likely walk to work anymore.
Tom won't be very happy to leave here.
Tom will try to find a way to do that.
Tom will need to borrow your suitcase.
Tom will leave the day after tomorrow.
Tom will have to do it all by himself.
Tom will get hurt if he's not careful.
Tom wasn't the next person to do that.
Tom wasn't scared to go into the cave.
Tom wasn't able to buy what he wanted.
Tom wasn't Mary's boyfriend last year.
Tom was waiting for Mary on her porch.
Tom was waiting for Mary in the lobby.
Tom was hoping we'd do that with Mary.
Tom was here earlier looking for Mary.
Tom was afraid someone would see Mary.
Tom warned me not to hug Mary anymore.
Tom wants to be a computer programmer.
Tom wanted to continue the discussion.
Tom wanted Mary to stay where she was.
Tom wanted Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom waited outside for thirty minutes.
Tom unwrapped the present very slowly.
Tom trusts Mary to do the right thing.
Tom tried to keep that from happening.
Tom told me he wanted to buy a jacket.
Tom told Mary he was ready to do that.
Tom thought the woman he saw was Mary.
Tom thought Mary was going to be late.
Tom thought Mary lived on Park Street.
Tom thinks Mary should eat more fruit.
Tom spent more than $300 on that suit.
Tom speaks neither French nor English.
Tom shouldn't be helping Mary do that.
Tom says that Mary didn't eat dessert.
Tom says mosquitoes don't bother Mary.
Tom says he likes chocolate ice cream.
Tom says he always does that that way.
Tom says Mary will eat lunch with him.
Tom said that the smoke bothered Mary.
Tom said that the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said that the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't really scared.
Tom said that he was very embarrassed.
Tom said that Mary would probably cry.
Tom said that Mary wasn't coming back.
Tom said that Mary was very impressed.
Tom said that Mary was his girlfriend.
Tom said that Mary was good at French.
Tom said that Mary was from Australia.
Tom said that Mary was feeling hungry.
Tom said that Mary was doing that now.
Tom said that Mary was claustrophobic.
Tom said that Mary was born in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was a good swimmer.
Tom said that Mary tried to kiss John.
Tom said that Mary should do that now.
Tom said that Mary seemed to be drunk.
Tom said that Mary often leaves early.
Tom said that Mary had a bad attitude.
Tom said that Mary doesn't eat cheese.
Tom said that Mary didn't look sleepy.
Tom said that Mary could speak French.
Tom said that Mary could probably win.
Tom said that Mary can't speak French.
Tom said that Mary almost never cries.
Tom said he'd never go back to Boston.
Tom said he was at his parents' house.
Tom said he thought you could do that.
Tom said he thought that we could win.
Tom said he thought Mary would be shy.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't bored.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't awake.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said he thought Mary was too slow.
Tom said he thought Mary was mistaken.
Tom said he thought Mary was innocent.
Tom said he thought Mary spoke French.
Tom said he had nothing to talk about.
Tom said he can't walk without a cane.
Tom said I shouldn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom refused to show us how to do that.
Tom promised me he'd come to my party.
Tom probably won't buy anything today.
Tom probably doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom never stopped asking me questions.
Tom never did like playing volleyball.
Tom needs to get rid of all this junk.
Tom moved home to be with his parents.
Tom looks very similar to his brother.
Tom likes to spend time in the garden.
Tom left his driver's license at home.
Tom knows you didn't do that for Mary.
Tom knows Mary probably won't do that.
Tom kisses Mary goodbye every morning.
Tom isn't going to leave anytime soon.
Tom isn't doing that for his children.
Tom isn't as selfish as he used to be.
Tom isn't as patient as he used to be.
Tom isn't as helpful as he used to be.
Tom isn't as finicky as he used to be.
Tom isn't as curious as he used to be.
Tom isn't as careful as he used to be.
Tom is unlikely to show up here again.
Tom is too afraid to go into the cave.
Tom is the only one who believes that.
Tom is the lead singer in a punk band.
Tom is supposed to receive some money.
Tom is still working as a taxi driver.
Tom is probably not going to be there.
Tom is probably going to win the race.
Tom is probably going to study French.
Tom is probably going to speak French.
Tom is probably going to do that soon.
Tom is probably going to come by taxi.
Tom is probably going to be surprised.
Tom is probably going to be home soon.
Tom is probably going to be back soon.
Tom is never going to let you do that.
Tom is never going to have to do that.
Tom is never going to come here again.
Tom is never going to change his mind.
Tom is never going to allow you to go.
Tom is making a list of what he wants.
Tom is making a list of what he needs.
Tom is likely going to try to do that.
Tom is likely going to be cooperative.
Tom is hoping we'll do that with Mary.
Tom is hoping we can do that for Mary.
Tom is hoping he doesn't get arrested.
Tom is good at walking on a tightrope.
Tom is going to wait for us, isn't he?
Tom is going to study French tomorrow.
Tom is going to stay at home tomorrow.
Tom is going to need to do that again.
Tom is going to help me clean my room.
Tom is going to have to work tomorrow.
Tom is going to have to go by himself.
Tom is going to have to do that again.
Tom is going to have a difficult time.
Tom is going to go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is going to find out what you did.
Tom is going to find a way to do that.
Tom is going to do that tomorrow, too.
Tom is going to do that soon, I think.
Tom is going to be thirteen next year.
Tom is going to be staying for dinner.
Tom is going to be in Boston all week.
Tom is going to be back in a few days.
Tom is going to be at tonight's party.
Tom is going to be at home until noon.
Tom is going to arrive at around 2:30.
Tom is a normal thirteen-year-old boy.
Tom insisted that we do that for Mary.
Tom helped his mother wash the dishes.
Tom has to explain everything to Mary.
Tom has started taking French lessons.
Tom has rented an apartment in Boston.
Tom has never seen Mary play baseball.
Tom has made several good suggestions.
Tom has given away a lot of his money.
Tom has finally done something useful.
Tom has decided to become a carpenter.
Tom has been working as a taxi driver.
Tom has been trying to calm Mary down.
Tom has been spending time doing that.
Tom has been planning this for months.
Tom has been here since early October.
Tom has been expecting that to happen.
Tom has been an optimist all his life.
Tom has been a pessimist all his life.
Tom has already complained about that.
Tom has already asked Mary to do that.
Tom forgot his umbrella in Mary's car.
Tom doesn't need to come to my office.
Tom doesn't like to talk to strangers.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary dresses.
Tom does tend to be stubborn at times.
Tom died three years ago of pneumonia.
Tom didn't want to talk to the police.
Tom didn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom didn't think Mary would leave him.
Tom didn't tell the police everything.
Tom didn't know Mary was still asleep.
Tom didn't hear Mary yelling for help.
Tom didn't eat the apple you gave him.
Tom can't let Mary do that by herself.
Tom ate the cookies Mary made for him.
Tom asked Mary not to hug him anymore.
Tom and Mary will eat with us tonight.
Tom and Mary were both very concerned.
Tom and Mary spent Christmas together.
Tom and Mary ended up getting married.
Tom and Mary ended up falling in love.
Tom and Mary are swimming in the pool.
Tom and I never walk anywhere anymore.
This is my third time to visit Boston.
The people were very unfriendly there.
That movie was better than I expected.
Tell Tom you're too busy to help Mary.
Someday, I'm going to have to do that.
Please make sure you get here on time.
One day, I'm going to have to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been injured.
My advice would be to stop doing that.
Mary said she knew who Tom's wife was.
Mary said she didn't have a boyfriend.
It's very fortunate that Tom was here.
It's only going to take three minutes.
It's only going to take a few minutes.
It's going to take forever to do that.
It's going to cost you thirty dollars.
It's going to be expensive to do that.
It's going to be dangerous to do that.
It won't take us very long to do that.
It won't take us much time to do that.
It won't take me very long to do that.
It won't take me much time to do that.
It was Tom who wanted to do that here.
It looks like Tom will be early today.
It could be years before that happens.
Is there an elevator in this building?
Is it absolutely necessary to do that?
I've been looking for a place to live.
I've asked Tom to hang up the laundry.
I'm sure Tom wouldn't mind doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom will be late.
I'm going to pick Tom up after school.
I'm fairly certain that didn't happen.
I'll tell Tom you're looking for Mary.
I'll tell Tom you're going to do that.
I'll never let Tom drive my car again.
I'll never go shopping with Tom again.
I'll ask Tom to teach me how to drive.
I'd be very surprised if Tom did that.
I wouldn't want to be a brain surgeon.
I wonder if you could help me do that.
I wonder if Tom lied to us about that.
I wonder if Tom is still eating lunch.
I wish you'd told me you were married.
I wish Tom had told me he was married.
I was hoping Tom would do that for us.
I wanted Tom to teach me how to drive.
I want to drive, but Tom won't let me.
I think you should charge $30 an hour.
I think we can all go in the same car.
I think Tom will do something drastic.
I think Tom expected Mary to kiss him.
I think Tom doesn't understand French.
I shouldn't have kissed Tom yesterday.
I saw Tom at the station this morning.
I never used to do that, but I do now.
I know Tom will try to arrive on time.
I knew Tom would lie to us about that.
I hope we don't have to wait too long.
I hope it doesn't rain this afternoon.
I hope everything turns out all right.
I hope Tom and Mary eat lunch with us.
I hope I can go home for the holidays.
I heard that you kissed Tom yesterday.
I have many other things I want to do.
I have many other things I need to do.
I have many other things I have to do.
I doubt that Tom will ever leave Mary.
I don't think Tom will wait very long.
I don't think Tom will stay very long.
I don't know why Tom let Mary do that.
I don't know where I left my umbrella.
I don't know anything about computers.
I didn't think Tom would let me drive.
I can't remember Tom's brother's name.
How much yogurt do you want me to buy?
How much work do you have to do today?
How much wine do you drink every week?
How much money have you stolen so far?
How much money does Tom spend a month?
How much money do you have on you now?
How much gasoline is left in the tank?
How much further is it to Tom's house?
How much cheese do you think Tom eats?
How much cheese did Tom eat yesterday?
How many pounds did you actually lose?
How many people do you know in Boston?
How many days did you spend in Boston?
Her name is Mary and she's Tom's wife.
Have you ever made a speech in French?
Give me some time to think about that.
Does that mean that Tom won't do that?
Does Tom know why you don't like Mary?
Does Tom know how you feel about Mary?
Do you know why Tom doesn't trust you?
Did Tom say where we should meet Mary?
Did Mary tell you about her boyfriend?
Are you really going to let Tom drive?
About thirty people have been injured.
A lot of people I know live in Boston.
You shouldn't have told Tom about it.
You should've let me do that for you.
You know what Tom will do, don't you?
Would you like me to wrap it for you?
Why were you the last one to do that?
Why do you think Tom doesn't do that?
Why did you encourage Tom to do that?
Why are you interested in doing that?
Which one do you think Tom will want?
Which CD would you like to listen to?
Where do you think Tom will go today?
When does Tom expect us to help Mary?
Whatever you do, don't let Tom drive.
We shouldn't kiss each other anymore.
We know that Tom sometimes hits Mary.
We know that Tom sometimes does that.
We got the results that we hoped for.
We can't predict what Tom will think.
Tom's parents died when he was three.
Tom wouldn't admit that he was wrong.
Tom won't have to walk home tomorrow.
Tom won't get away with it this time.
Tom won't be very anxious to do that.
Tom won't be upset if Mary does that.
Tom won't be angry if Mary does that.
Tom will stay for another three days.
Tom will start working here tomorrow.
Tom will likely be able to fool Mary.
Tom will have to do better than that.
Tom will go to the concert with Mary.
Tom will be very happy Mary did that.
Tom will be mad at us for doing this.
Tom will be late if he doesn't hurry.
Tom will be happy to see that happen.
Tom will ask Mary if she can do that.
Tom wasn't the first man Mary kissed.
Tom wasn't really excited about that.
Tom wasn't expecting me to help Mary.
Tom was waiting for Mary to call him.
Tom was ready to go when I got there.
Tom was hoping we'd do that for Mary.
Tom was at work when Mary called him.
Tom was at home with Mary last night.
Tom was at home when Mary called him.
Tom wants to try something different.
Tom wants me to cook dinner for Mary.
Tom wanted to take Mary to the dance.
Tom wanted to see Mary in his office.
Tom wanted me to walk home with Mary.
Tom used to lie to his parents a lot.
Tom unloaded the boxes off the truck.
Tom told me that Mary died on Monday.
Tom told Mary not to hug him anymore.
Tom told Mary he had to talk to John.
Tom told Mary he could help us today.
Tom thought the girl he saw was Mary.
Tom thought Mary would never do that.
Tom spent most of the day doing that.
Tom spent all afternoon helping Mary.
Tom sometimes feeds his cat dog food.
Tom should've told me he was married.
Tom should've been ready an hour ago.
Tom should never have let Mary drive.
Tom seems to be eager to participate.
Tom says he'd never buy one of those.
Tom says he doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom says Mary ought to eat something.
Tom says Mary needs to eat something.
Tom said that you tried to kill Mary.
Tom said that the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said that the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said that he'd been very unlucky.
Tom said that he wasn't very worried.
Tom said that he wasn't very thirsty.
Tom said that he wasn't disappointed.
Tom said that he wasn't conservative.
Tom said that he was very suspicious.
Tom said that he was very optimistic.
Tom said that he was very interested.
Tom said that he was unfazed by that.
Tom said that he was in love with me.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't help him.
Tom said that Mary wasn't overweight.
Tom said that Mary wasn't interested.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in a hurry.
Tom said that Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said that Mary was very ticklish.
Tom said that Mary was really scared.
Tom said that Mary was going to quit.
Tom said that Mary was a nice person.
Tom said that Mary was a new student.
Tom said that Mary was a good driver.
Tom said that Mary understood French.
Tom said that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that Mary might not do that.
Tom said that Mary hardly ever cries.
Tom said that Mary had been impolite.
Tom said that Mary died in her sleep.
Tom said that Mary didn't want a job.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem angry.
Tom said that Mary didn't look happy.
Tom said that Mary didn't look bored.
Tom said that Mary didn't look angry.
Tom said that Mary didn't have a job.
Tom said that Mary didn't have a dog.
Tom said that Mary didn't have a car.
Tom said he wouldn't walk home today.
Tom said he wanted to buy a drum set.
Tom said he thought he'd be arrested.
Tom said he thought Mary wasn't here.
Tom said he thought Mary was worried.
Tom said he thought Mary was outside.
Tom said he thought Mary was nervous.
Tom said he thought Mary was jealous.
Tom said he really enjoyed the movie.
Tom said he had something to say you.
Tom said he doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom said he didn't remember anything.
Tom said Mary wouldn't let him drive.
Tom returned to work on October 20th.
Tom reached out to shake Mary's hand.
Tom noticed strange things happening.
Tom needs to respect Mary's decision.
Tom may be young, but he's very wise.
Tom made it to Boston in three hours.
Tom locked his bike to the bike rack.
Tom knows we didn't do this for Mary.
Tom knows Mary will probably do that.
Tom knows Mary will probably be late.
Tom knew who was trying to kill Mary.
Tom knew that Mary would be stubborn.
Tom isn't still at the clinic, is he?
Tom isn't in Boston. He's in Chicago.
Tom isn't going to eat with us today.
Tom isn't as stupid as he used to be.
Tom isn't as chubby as he used to be.
Tom is wondering what'll happen next.
Tom is wearing the hat Mary gave him.
Tom is waiting for Mary on her porch.
Tom is the only one who saw anything.
Tom is the one who said he'd do that.
Tom is still living with his parents.
Tom is somewhere in Boston with Mary.
Tom is recovering from heart surgery.
Tom is probably not going to help us.
Tom is probably going to be punished.
Tom is probably going to be arrested.
Tom is playing guitar on the balcony.
Tom is planning to renovate his home.
Tom is never going to come back here.
Tom is likely unaware of the problem.
Tom is hoping we'll do that for Mary.
Tom is going to visit Mary on Monday.
Tom is going to visit Mary next week.
Tom is going to visit Mary in Boston.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's tired.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's sorry.
Tom is going to talk to us on Monday.
Tom is going to play tennis tomorrow.
Tom is going to pick Mary up at 2:30.
Tom is going to need a place to stay.
Tom is going to join you in a moment.
Tom is going to go to Boston with me.
Tom is going to get home next Monday.
Tom is going to find out what we did.
Tom is going to do that, but I won't.
Tom is going to come sooner or later.
Tom is going to be tried as an adult.
Tom is going to be thirty in October.
Tom is going to be there to meet you.
Tom is going to be safe here with me.
Tom is going to be out all afternoon.
Tom is going to be impressed by that.
Tom is going to be here this evening.
Tom is going to be here several days.
Tom is going to be happy he did that.
Tom is going to be glad to hear that.
Tom is going to be getting home soon.
Tom is going to be back this evening.
Tom is going to be at home on Monday.
Tom is going to be arriving tomorrow.
Tom is definitely going to be missed.
Tom is absent because he has the flu.
Tom helped Mary fix the broken chair.
Tom hasn't yet bought anything today.
Tom hasn't done that already, has he?
Tom has thirty days to pay this bill.
Tom has started seeing another woman.
Tom has never gone mountain climbing.
Tom has killed at least three people.
Tom has finally done something right.
Tom has been working the night shift.
Tom has been working as a dispatcher.
Tom has been having problems at work.
Tom has been bitten by a rattlesnake.
Tom has asked us to do that for Mary.
Tom has a younger brother named John.
Tom got the answer he was hoping for.
Tom ended up walking home last night.
Tom drowned in his own swimming pool.
Tom doesn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom didn't seem to be having any fun.
Tom didn't know Mary had lied to him.
Tom didn't do that very well, did he?
Tom didn't come in to work yesterday.
Tom convinced Mary to tell the truth.
Tom came here to ask us to help Mary.
Tom called me at 2:30 in the morning.
Tom asked me to walk a little slower.
Tom asked Mary to tell him the truth.
Tom asked Mary to stay away from him.
Tom apparently wants to learn French.
Tom and Mary were alone on the beach.
Tom and Mary seem like a nice couple.
Tom and Mary sat at the picnic table.
Tom and Mary have both eaten already.
Tom and Mary aren't on the same team.
Tom and Mary are high school seniors.
Tom and I haven't discussed that yet.
Tom almost never kisses his children.
These suitcases are Tom's and Mary's.
These are Tom's and Mary's umbrellas.
These are Tom's and Mary's suitcases.
There's a perfectly good explanation.
There's a barbershop across the road.
There are lots of people who do that.
The only thing Tom could do was wait.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone abroad.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a job.
My guess is that Tom won't want that.
Mary thought the man she saw was Tom.
Mary thought the boy she saw was Tom.
Mary is kind of beautiful, isn't she?
Make sure Tom doesn't leave his room.
Let's keep this up as long as we can.
It's quite unlikely Tom will do that.
It's probably going to snow tomorrow.
It's going to be dark in a few hours.
It's going to be an interesting game.
It's fine by me if you don't do that.
It'll be difficult to find a job now.
It won't be all that easy to do that.
It was Tom who kissed Mary yesterday.
It should be easy for Tom to do that.
It is inevitable that that'll happen.
It doesn't make any difference to me.
I've quit drinking carbonated drinks.
I've been waiting for you since 2:30.
I'm sure Tom doesn't need to do that.
I'm sure Tom doesn't have to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom wouldn't do that.
I'm fairly certain that won't happen.
I'd rather stay home and read a book.
I'd rather not to lie to Tom anymore.
I wouldn't be surprised if it snowed.
I wouldn't be surprised if it rained.
I wonder whether Tom would help Mary.
I wish my parents would let me drive.
I wish Tom hadn't lied to the police.
I wish Tom had asked us to help Mary.
I wish Tom had asked Mary to help us.
I told Tom that I'd help him do that.
I think we shouldn't let Tom do that.
I think this is exactly what we need.
I think that it was Tom who did that.
I think that Tom ate all the bananas.
I think Tom's leg is much better now.
I think Tom wants me to go with Mary.
I think Tom expected Mary to hug him.
I think Tom doesn't enjoy doing that.
I talked to my attorney this morning.
I know the girl who's talking to Tom.
I hope you didn't give Tom any money.
I hope Tom and Mary do that together.
I hear that you kissed Tom yesterday.
I haven't seen a good movie recently.
I don't want to think about that now.
I don't want to go home empty-handed.
I don't think you should do that now.
I don't think Tom would let me drive.
I don't think Tom will need our help.
I don't think I should let you drive.
I don't know where I left sunglasses.
I don't know what I was so afraid of.
I don't have a place to stay tonight.
I don't feel like doing that anymore.
I could've lied to you, but I didn't.
I can't imagine that happening to me.
I asked Tom to teach me how to drive.
How much would you pay us to do that?
How much water does this bucket hold?
How much time did it take to do that?
How much snow do you think we'll get?
How much more do we need to do today?
How much money have you saved so far?
How much money has Tom stolen so far?
How much money does a carpenter make?
How much money does Tom save a month?
How much do you make teaching French?
How much candy do you think Tom eats?
How much candy did Tom eat yesterday?
How much can we really depend on Tom?
How many times a day do you kiss Tom?
How many pounds have you lost so far?
How long would it take us to do that?
How do you know Tom didn't kiss Mary?
How did you know Tom would kiss Mary?
How did you get Tom to let you drive?
Have you told Tom that you love Mary?
Do you think Tom will let Mary drive?
Do you think I need to pay this bill?
Do you really think Tom will help us.
Do you really think Tom will do that?
Do you and Tom ever discuss politics?
Do Tom and Mary still live in Boston?
Did Mary tell you she was Tom's wife?
Are you still working as a bartender?
You shouldn't have brought Tom here.
You should never have let Tom drive.
You don't have to be so mean to Tom.
Will Tom drive to Boston by himself?
Why weren't you in school yesterday?
Why do you think Tom should do that?
Why do you think Tom has to do that?
Who told Tom he could join the team?
Who kissed Tom first, Mary or Alice?
Who else would want to see Tom dead?
Who did Tom say he saw kissing Mary?
Which one do you think Tom will buy?
Where do you think Tom will do that?
When did you start dyeing your hair?
What's your plan for this afternoon?
What would Tom say if Mary did that?
What was Tom doing in Boston anyway?
What if Tom doesn't know what to do?
What did you buy at the supermarket?
What Tom wanted was to be left alone
We need to find out where Tom works.
We need to find out where Tom lives.
Tom's brother looks a lot like John.
Tom's boots are near the front door.
Tom wouldn't let me to speak French.
Tom wouldn't have made that mistake.
Tom wondered what would happen next.
Tom wondered if Mary could eat pork.
Tom won't take a vacation this year.
Tom won't likely show up here again.
Tom won't likely be here until 2:30.
Tom won't let Mary kiss him anymore.
Tom won't come back to pick Mary up.
Tom won't be very impressed by that.
Tom will probably be pretty nervous.
Tom will need to do that by himself.
Tom will learn to drive this summer.
Tom will help Mary do that, I think.
Tom will have to start saving money.
Tom will have to pay for everything.
Tom will go swimming this afternoon.
Tom will buy a new car next weekend.
Tom will buy a house on Park Street.
Tom will be very successful someday.
Tom will be very sad if Mary leaves.
Tom will be playing tennis tomorrow.
Tom will be angry if Mary does that.
Tom was playing tennis this morning.
Tom was in prison for several years.
Tom was here just a few minutes ago.
Tom wants to see Mary in his office.
Tom wanted me to walk home with him.
Tom wanted Mary to meet his friends.
Tom wanted Mary to meet him at 2:30.
Tom wanted Mary to have a good time.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to drive.
Tom told me he was looking for Mary.
Tom told Mary to keep that a secret.
Tom told Mary to enjoy her time off.
Tom told Mary he'd never lie to her.
Tom told Mary he was ready to leave.
Tom told Mary he had to talk to her.
Tom told Mary he had to leave early.
Tom told Mary he could eat anything.
Tom thought Mary would remember him.
Tom thought Mary was in her bedroom.
Tom spent the entire day doing that.
Tom shut the car door on his finger.
Tom should've walked home with Mary.
Tom says he wants to buy a drum set.
Tom says he never wanted to do that.
Tom saw Mary kissing John yesterday.
Tom said that he wasn't very sleepy.
Tom said that he wasn't discouraged.
Tom said that he was very surprised.
Tom said that he was very skeptical.
Tom said that he was very irritated.
Tom said that he was very intrigued.
Tom said that he was very impressed.
Tom said that he was very concerned.
Tom said that he was claustrophobic.
Tom said that Mary would likely cry.
Tom said that Mary would be on time.
Tom said that Mary wasn't surprised.
Tom said that Mary wasn't satisfied.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was very unhappy.
Tom said that Mary was really drunk.
Tom said that Mary was good-looking.
Tom said that Mary was going to win.
Tom said that Mary was disorganized.
Tom said that Mary was disappointed.
Tom said that Mary was ambidextrous.
Tom said that Mary was a good pilot.
Tom said that Mary was a bad driver.
Tom said that Mary seldom does that.
Tom said that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that Mary needs to do that.
Tom said that Mary looked skeptical.
Tom said that Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said that Mary is in Boston now.
Tom said that Mary is a good mother.
Tom said that Mary didn't look sick.
Tom said that Mary always does that.
Tom said some men had attacked Mary.
Tom said he wanted to quit the band.
Tom said he thought Mary was sleepy.
Tom said he thought Mary was scared.
Tom said he thought Mary was lonely.
Tom said he thought Mary was afraid.
Tom said he thought Mary hated John.
Tom said he thought I might not win.
Tom said he needed to take a shower.
Tom said he felt dizzy and nauseous.
Tom said Mary should eat more fruit.
Tom said Mary has never lied to him.
Tom reluctantly did that by himself.
Tom ran for reelection, but he lost.
Tom promised Mary he'd walk the dog.
Tom probably won't lie to you again.
Tom played a waltz on his accordion.
Tom paid Mary three hundred dollars.
Tom noticed that Mary looked sleepy.
Tom never seems to hug Mary anymore.
Tom might think you don't like Mary.
Tom might drive to Boston with Mary.
Tom loaded the boxes onto the truck.
Tom left his umbrella in Mary's car.
Tom knows you'll never forgive Mary.
Tom knows that he can count on Mary.
Tom knows Mary won't likely do that.
Tom knew that I was unfazed by that.
Tom knew that I was being sarcastic.
Tom knew Mary was going to be there.
Tom kissed Mary under the mistletoe.
Tom kept us waiting for three hours.
Tom isn't really excited about that.
Tom isn't doing very well in school.
Tom isn't as tough as he used to be.
Tom isn't as timid as he used to be.
Tom isn't as pushy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as picky as he used to be.
Tom isn't as naive as he used to be.
Tom isn't as fussy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as funny as he used to be.
Tom isn't as crazy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as bossy as he used to be.
Tom isn't Mary's next-door neighbor.
Tom is usually very busy on Mondays.
Tom is unlikely to die anytime soon.
Tom is trying to live a normal life.
Tom is the tallest kid in his class.
Tom is still living with his family.
Tom is probably going to be thirsty.
Tom is probably going to be starved.
Tom is probably going to be nervous.
Tom is probably going to be furious.
Tom is probably going to be elected.
Tom is probably going to be curious.
Tom is never going to let you drive.
Tom is never going to agree to that.
Tom is mad at you for lying to Mary.
Tom is likely going to be surprised.
Tom is likely going to be impressed.
Tom is likely going to be here soon.
Tom is likely going to be back soon.
Tom is just as obnoxious as Mary is.
Tom is in a maximum-security prison.
Tom is going to wonder where we are.
Tom is going to win sooner or later.
Tom is going to tell Mary he's busy.
Tom is going to take the 2:30 train.
Tom is going to stay for three days.
Tom is going to show you what to do.
Tom is going to leave in a few days.
Tom is going to leave here tomorrow.
Tom is going to lead the discussion.
Tom is going to have plenty of help.
Tom is going to have a busy weekend.
Tom is going to graduate in October.
Tom is going to go to Boston by car.
Tom is going to get back home today.
Tom is going to do that, eventually.
Tom is going to do that pretty soon.
Tom is going to do that next Monday.
Tom is going to do that again today.
Tom is going to be ready in October.
Tom is going to be on duty tomorrow.
Tom is going to be home by midnight.
Tom is going to be here soon enough.
Tom is going to be here later today.
Tom is going to be here in a moment.
Tom is going to be here in a minute.
Tom is going to be here before long.
Tom is going to be here all evening.
Tom is going to be happy to see you.
Tom is going to be glad he did that.
Tom is going to be getting an award.
Tom is going to be coming home soon.
Tom is going to be back later today.
Tom is going to be back in a second.
Tom is going to be back in a moment.
Tom is going to be back in a minute.
Tom is going to be back before long.
Tom is going to be back around 2:30.
Tom is going to ask Mary to do that.
Tom is concerned about that problem.
Tom is certainly going to be missed.
Tom is a former boyfriend of Mary's.
Tom is Mary's former French teacher.
Tom helped Mary fix the broken lamp.
Tom hasn't done anything for us yet.
Tom hasn't been very helpful so far.
Tom has promised to help Mary today.
Tom has probably done something bad.
Tom has never told Mary he was sorry
Tom has made some very big mistakes.
Tom has made some sandwiches for us.
Tom has lived abroad for many years.
Tom has complained about that a lot.
Tom has been working as a bartender.
Tom has been wearing a blue sweater.
Tom has been trying to get in shape.
Tom has been sneezing all afternoon.
Tom has been riding the bus to work.
Tom has been planning on doing that.
Tom has been in Boston since Monday.
Tom has been hiding in the basement.
Tom has been here since last Monday.
Tom has been getting ready to leave.
Tom has been a gambler all his life.
Tom had nothing in common with Mary.
Tom had no idea Mary would be there.
Tom had a chat with Mary about that.
Tom encouraged Mary to go to Boston.
Tom drove Mary over to John's house.
Tom doesn't usually drink very much.
Tom doesn't often talk to strangers.
Tom doesn't have to help Mary today.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to eat candy.
Tom disappeared on October 20. 2013.
Tom didn't stop asking me questions.
Tom didn't let Mary sit next to him.
Tom didn't let Mary eat his dessert.
Tom crashed his car into a lamppost.
Tom could hear Mary talking to John.
Tom can tell Mary whatever he likes.
Tom called an ambulance immediately.
Tom burned everything Mary gave him.
Tom asked for permission to do that.
Tom asked Mary to walk more quickly.
Tom asked Mary not to hug him again.
Tom asked Mary if she'd eaten lunch.
Tom apparently hasn't yet done that.
Tom and Mary work at the same place.
Tom and Mary know John lied to them.
Tom and Mary have been working hard.
Tom and Mary enjoyed being together.
Tom and Mary are kissing each other.
This is Tom's third visit to Boston.
These are Tom's and Mary's bicycles.
The post office isn't far from here.
The hurricane destroyed Tom's house.
That kind of thing drives Tom crazy.
Tell Tom you'd like to go with Mary.
Perhaps Tom won't lie to us anymore.
Now is the time to start doing that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go home.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to do that.
My favorite novelist is Tom Jackson.
My advice would be to do that today.
Mary told me Tom was her ex-husband.
Mary sounds exactly like her mother.
Look what Tom found in the backyard.
It's soon going to be time to leave.
It's going to rain in the afternoon.
It's a good thing that you did that.
It's a good thing that Tom did that.
It was Tom who made Mary eat a frog.
It should be easy for us to do that.
It should be easy for me to do that.
It might be easy for Tom to do that.
Is there any other way to get there?
Is it all right if I kiss you again?
If I could do that for you, I would.
I've got lots of other things to do.
I've been watching Tom very closely.
I'm not sure Tom would let me drive.
I'm not sure Tom will agree to this.
I'm currently living on Park Street.
I'll probably be here all afternoon.
I'd suggest not staying up too late.
I would've driven if Tom had let me.
I wonder why Tom wouldn't help Mary.
I won't come back here anytime soon.
I went home without buying anything.
I want you to start studying French.
I thought Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I think you should ask Tom to drive.
I think you need to stop doing that.
I think that's going to happen soon.
I think Tom won't lie to us anymore.
I think Tom did what he said he did.
I think I've heard that name before.
I think I won't be able afford that.
I suppose I really ought to do that.
I saw Tom on the beach this morning.
I let Tom talk me into helping Mary.
I know what Tom is capable of doing.
I hope Tom won't be the one driving.
I haven't kissed Tom in a long time.
I don't think Tom will give it back.
I don't kiss Tom very often anymore.
I can't stand people who always lie.
I can't remember what happened next.
I bet you wish you hadn't done that.
How much tea do you drink every day?
How much sugar do you eat every day?
How much money do you usually carry?
How much money do you plan to spend?
How many pounds has Tom lost so far?
How many pounds do you want to lose?
How many hours do you usually sleep?
How long did you spend at the beach?
Has Tom ever asked you to help Mary?
Don't forget that Tom is my brother.
Don't be in such a hurry to do that.
Do you think Tom would let me drive?
Do you think Tom will let you drive?
Do you think Tom will find anything?
Do you think Tom will agree to this?
Do you think I should let Tom drive?
Do you still live in the same place?
Do you still have a house in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary still live with you?
Did Tom really lie to me about that?
Are you still living on Park Street?
You won't be able to do that today.
You should've kissed Tom goodnight.
You all don't speak French, do you?
Why wouldn't Tom want to kiss Mary?
Why would Tom want me to help Mary?
Why weren't you at today's meeting?
Why is Tom so reluctant to do that?
Why is Tom so motivated to do that?
Why do you stay at home on Mondays?
Which hotel will you be staying at?
When will Tom get back from Boston?
What time do you get off from work?
What movie would you like to watch?
We'll be watching Tom very closely.
We can't predict where Tom will be.
We can't predict how Tom will feel.
Tom's sister looks a lot like Mary.
Tom's children must be missing him.
Tom's brother looks just like John.
Tom wouldn't tell me what happened.
Tom wouldn't allow us to help Mary.
Tom wouldn't allow me to help Mary.
Tom won't let Mary sit next to him.
Tom won't let Mary hug him anymore.
Tom won't be very happy to do that.
Tom won't be very happy about that.
Tom won't be mad if Mary does that.
Tom won't be able to work tomorrow.
Tom won't be able to help us today.
Tom woke up at 2:30 in the morning.
Tom will wait until Mary gets here.
Tom will pick me up at the station.
Tom will like what you did for him.
Tom will go to Boston next weekend.
Tom will do that tomorrow, I think.
Tom will come back to pick Mary up.
Tom will be ready in just a minute.
Tom will be executed in three days.
Tom went to the playground to play.
Tom went to a university in Boston.
Tom wasn't really enjoying himself.
Tom was the next person to do that.
Tom was really polite on the phone.
Tom was only trying to be friendly.
Tom was killed in Boston yesterday.
Tom wanted me to teach Mary French.
Tom wanted me to do that with Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to sit next to him.
Tom told Mary to enjoy her day off.
Tom told Mary not to hug him again.
Tom told Mary he needed some money.
Tom thought he'd be safe in Boston.
Tom thought he needed to help Mary.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't help him.
Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
Tom thought Mary needed to do that.
Tom still hasn't washed the dishes.
Tom sounds exactly like his father.
Tom seldom kisses his wife anymore.
Tom says we can start without Mary.
Tom says he's eager to participate.
Tom says he wants to quit the band.
Tom says he can't walk any further.
Tom said that you'd better do that.
Tom said that he'd help me do that.
Tom said that he'd get there early.
Tom said that he'd been very lucky.
Tom said that he'd been humiliated.
Tom said that he'd been handcuffed.
Tom said that he wasn't very happy.
Tom said that he wasn't colorblind.
Tom said that he was very ticklish.
Tom said that he was very confused.
Tom said that he was uncomfortable.
Tom said that he was really scared.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't be mad.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sleeping.
Tom said that Mary wasn't Canadian.
Tom said that Mary was very strong.
Tom said that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said that Mary was trustworthy.
Tom said that Mary was seldom late.
Tom said that Mary was over thirty.
Tom said that Mary was intelligent.
Tom said that Mary was hyperactive.
Tom said that Mary was heartbroken.
Tom said that Mary was hardworking.
Tom said that Mary was from Boston.
Tom said that Mary was feeling bad.
Tom said that Mary was discouraged.
Tom said that Mary was coming back.
Tom said that Mary remained silent.
Tom said that Mary often does that.
Tom said that Mary may not do that.
Tom said that Mary looked confused.
Tom said that Mary had been polite.
Tom said that Mary does that a lot.
Tom said that Mary didn't seem mad.
Tom said that Mary didn't like him.
Tom said that Mary ate his dessert.
Tom said he'd never let Mary drive.
Tom said he wanted to get divorced.
Tom said he thought Mary would cry.
Tom said he thought Mary was tired.
Tom said he thought Mary was right.
Tom said he thought Mary was ready.
Tom said he thought Mary was drunk.
Tom said he thought Mary was broke.
Tom said he thought Mary was bored.
Tom said he thought Mary was awake.
Tom said he thought Mary was alone.
Tom said he thought Mary could win.
Tom said he had a knife in his car.
Tom said he didn't want me to wait.
Tom said he couldn't help us today.
Tom said he couldn't hear anything.
Tom said Mary should've eaten more.
Tom received a three-year sentence.
Tom read the poem he wrote to Mary.
Tom rarely kisses his wife anymore.
Tom probably won't help Mary today.
Tom probably lied to us about that.
Tom needs time to think about that.
Tom must appear in court on Monday.
Tom moved in with his grandparents.
Tom might not want us to help Mary.
Tom might come home for a few days.
Tom lived in Boston his whole life.
Tom let Mary go fishing by herself.
Tom left Boston when he was thirty.
Tom knows who told Mary to do that.
Tom knows what he's supposed to do.
Tom knew that Mary would be hungry.
Tom knew that I was home on Monday.
Tom knew that I had been suspended.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't eat spinach.
Tom isn't waiting for Mary anymore.
Tom isn't very popular around here.
Tom isn't likely to wait very long.
Tom isn't likely to stay very long.
Tom isn't likely to let Mary drive.
Tom isn't as slow as he used to be.
Tom isn't as nice as he used to be.
Tom isn't as lazy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as cute as he used to be.
Tom isn't a French teacher anymore.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come in.
Tom is very interested in baseball.
Tom is unlikely to lie to us again.
Tom is studying history at college.
Tom is sitting in the waiting room.
Tom is probably worried about Mary.
Tom is probably too shy to do that.
Tom is on vacation with his family.
Tom is never going to let you down.
Tom is never going to leave Boston.
Tom is never going to believe that.
Tom is never going to be forgotten.
Tom is just as stubborn as Mary is.
Tom is in the garden planting corn.
Tom is good at talking to children.
Tom is going to study French today.
Tom is going to retire next spring.
Tom is going to need some of these.
Tom is going to need a good lawyer.
Tom is going to help Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to handle that for us.
Tom is going to get it figured out.
Tom is going to get another chance.
Tom is going to find out the truth.
Tom is going to explain everything.
Tom is going to eventually give up.
Tom is going to eventually do that.
Tom is going to buy a blue sweater.
Tom is going to be with me all day.
Tom is going to be waiting for you.
Tom is going to be there, isn't he?
Tom is going to be late for dinner.
Tom is going to be home any minute.
Tom is going to be here until noon.
Tom is going to be here in no time.
Tom is going to be here in an hour.
Tom is going to be here in a while.
Tom is going to be here any second.
Tom is going to be here any moment.
Tom is going to be going home soon.
Tom is going to be glad to see you.
Tom is going to be busy until 2:30.
Tom is going to be back in an hour.
Tom is going to be back in a while.
Tom is going to be back any minute.
Tom is going to be absent tomorrow.
Tom is going to arrive around noon.
Tom is enjoying his life in Boston.
Tom is doing this for his children.
Tom is doing that for his children.
Tom is definitely going to help us.
Tom hasn't told me who helped Mary.
Tom hasn't been able to find a job.
Tom has to do something about that.
Tom has kissed Mary more than once.
Tom has gotten used to living here.
Tom has been depressed for a while.
Tom has been absent a lot recently.
Tom has a thirteen-year-old sister.
Tom hardly ever lies to me anymore.
Tom got caught cheating on an exam.
Tom found a few coins on the floor.
Tom flashed his headlights at Mary.
Tom drove to Boston in three hours.
Tom doesn't treat Mary very nicely.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left him.
Tom doesn't have any place to live.
Tom doesn't drink coffee every day.
Tom died in a hit-and-run accident.
Tom didn't tell the man who he was.
Tom didn't tell Mary his last name.
Tom didn't know where he was going.
Tom didn't expect to find anything.
Tom dared Mary to kiss the teacher.
Tom can't let Mary do that anymore.
Tom called an ambulance right away.
Tom bought a basket full of apples.
Tom asked me to stay and help Mary.
Tom and Mary wrote a song together.
Tom and Mary were absent on Monday.
Tom and Mary walked close together.
Tom and Mary go to the same school.
Tom and Mary go to the same church.
Tom and Mary go to church together.
Tom and Mary are kissing right now.
Tom and I won't walk home together.
Tom and I ate sandwiches for lunch.
Tom almost never hugs Mary anymore.
This is Tom's first time in Boston.
This bicycle didn't cost that much.
That boy speaking French is my son.
Our next meeting will be on Monday.
Now that's an interesting question.
Neither Tom nor Mary has long hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gray hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has eaten yet.
Neither Tom nor Mary has done that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has dark hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has confessed.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been here.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a rowboat.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a bicycle.
My favorite teacher is Mr. Jackson.
Maybe Tom told Mary sit over there.
Mary's sister looks a lot like her.
Mary's husband must be missing her.
Mary's boyfriend broke up with her.
Mary would never leave her husband.
Mary told me Tom was her boyfriend.
Mary isn't your girlfriend, is she?
Mary is your girlfriend, isn't she?
Mary begged Tom not to lie anymore.
Let me go back and get an umbrella.
Lend me a hand with this, will you?
It's no secret that Tom likes Mary.
It's my intention to do that today.
It's hard to tell what Tom will do.
It's going to take time to do that.
It's going to be tiring to do that.
It might be easy for us to do that.
It might be easy for me to do that.
It might be a good idea to do that.
It didn't take Tom long to do that.
Is Tom still living on Park Street.
In 2013, Tom retired from baseball.
I've read every one of these books.
I've never seen that happen before.
I've become close friends with Tom.
I'm hoping it'll be sunny tomorrow.
I'll tell Tom I'm going to do that.
I'd suggest not doing that anymore.
I'd expected Tom to lie about that.
I wonder if Tom would let me drive.
I won't let Tom drive my car again.
I won't ever try hugging Tom again.
I wish I hadn't lied to the police.
I wish I could live on Park Street.
I was tempted to lie, but I didn't.
I usually take a shower before bed.
I tried to persuade Tom to help me.
I told Tom I wanted him to help me.
I told Tom I wanted him to do that.
I think you should stop doing that.
I think that this is Tom's bicycle.
I think I can't afford to buy that.
I talked to my lawyer this morning.
I promised Tom that we'd help Mary.
I often drive over the speed limit.
I made dinner for Tom Monday night.
I know Tom will want to go with us.
I hope it doesn't rain all weekend.
I hope Tom will do the right thing.
I hope Tom will be happy in Boston.
I don't think Tom will forget that.
I don't think Tom sees it that way.
I don't think Tom misses Mary much.
I didn't think you'd let Tom drive.
I asked Tom to hang up the laundry.
I asked Tom to buy some rat poison.
I almost didn't kiss Tom yesterday.
How often do you hug your children?
How much more weight should I lose?
How much money was actually stolen?
How much money does a teacher make?
How much money does a plumber make?
How much money did you spend on it?
How much coffee do you drink a day?
How much can you make washing cars?
How many times has Tom kissed Mary?
How many people still speak French?
How many days ago did you buy this?
How many days ago did you buy milk?
How do you know what you should do?
How can people do things like that?
Give me a hand with this, will you?
Don't tell me you're already drunk.
Do you think Tom will let me drive?
Do you think I need to lose weight?
Did you hug you children yesterday?
Did you have a fun time last night?
Did Tom drive to Boston by himself?
About thirty people have been hurt.
A little help would be appreciated.
You should really stop doing that.
You didn't sell your car, did you?
You didn't let Tom drive, did you?
You didn't hurt yourself, did you?
Would you please not do that here?
Why is Tom so hesitant to do that?
Why is Tom always so mean to Mary?
Why do girls I don't like like me?
Why did you turn down their offer?
Why can't you be more considerate?
Why are you trying to lose weight?
Why are you determined to do that?
Why are you always so pessimistic?
Why are you always so mean to Tom?
Who told you Tom didn't kiss Mary?
Who did Tom think would help Mary?
When do you think Tom will arrive?
What's Tom going to cook for Mary?
What would Tom say if we did that?
What time is your last class over?
What makes you think Tom is wrong?
What have you accomplished so far?
What are you going to buy for Tom?
What Tom saw was changed his life.
What Tom did didn't surprise Mary.
We're going to the beach tomorrow.
We're fortunate to still be alive.
We'll do that as soon as possible.
We won't be able to do that today.
We seldom kiss each other anymore.
We can't drive across that bridge.
Tom wouldn't let you guys do that.
Tom wouldn't let Mary go anywhere.
Tom wouldn't come out of his room.
Tom wondered who walked Mary home.
Tom wondered how Mary ate so much.
Tom won't go camping this weekend.
Tom will probably be leaving soon.
Tom will probably be here all day.
Tom will meet me back at my house.
Tom will make it on time, I think.
Tom will likely be pretty nervous.
Tom will have to go to a hospital.
Tom will have his house repainted.
Tom will go to Boston to see Mary.
Tom will do that for his children.
Tom will definitely never do that.
Tom will be working all afternoon.
Tom will be very sad if you leave.
Tom will be very happy to see you.
Tom will be really busy, won't he?
Tom will be mad if Mary does that.
Tom will be lonely if Mary leaves.
Tom will be late for school today.
Tom will be in Boston next summer.
Tom will be even better next time.
Tom will be a little disappointed.
Tom was really excited about that.
Tom was arrested three days later.
Tom wants you to help him do that.
Tom wants you to do that for Mary.
Tom wants to buy a new motorcycle.
Tom wants me to fix this for Mary.
Tom wanted me to teach him French.
Tom wanted me to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with John.
Tom wanted Mary to stay in school.
Tom very seldom hugs Mary anymore.
Tom unwrapped the present quickly.
Tom tried to persuade me to drive.
Tom tried to get Mary to help him.
Tom told me to keep this a secret.
Tom told me he liked Mary's smile.
Tom thought he could impress Mary.
Tom thought Mary was an architect.
Tom thought Mary couldn't do that.
Tom thinks Mary won't eat dessert.
Tom suspected something was wrong.
Tom stopped doing that months ago.
Tom still hasn't fed the chickens.
Tom still has unfinished business.
Tom stayed in the house with Mary.
Tom started dating Mary last year.
Tom spent the entire day studying.
Tom sometimes walks home from work
Tom solved the problem on his own.
Tom should've let me talk to Mary.
Tom should be able to handle that.
Tom seemed to be somewhat curious.
Tom says that didn't surprise him.
Tom says he'll pay for everything.
Tom says he'd never do that again.
Tom says he saw Mary this morning.
Tom says he knows what he's doing.
Tom says he doesn't remember much.
Tom says he doesn't remember Mary.
Tom says aliens had abducted Mary.
Tom says Mary will likely do that.
Tom saw Mary walking on the beach.
Tom said that just a few days ago.
Tom said that he'd been fortunate.
Tom said that he'd be there early.
Tom said that he'd be cooperative.
Tom said that he wasn't very cold.
Tom said that he wasn't surprised.
Tom said that he wasn't skeptical.
Tom said that he wasn't satisfied.
Tom said that he wasn't concerned.
Tom said that he was very worried.
Tom said that he was very unhappy.
Tom said that he was very thirsty.
Tom said that he was very serious.
Tom said that he was very nervous.
Tom said that he was very excited.
Tom said that he was very curious.
Tom said that he was discontented.
Tom said that he was disappointed.
Tom said that he was conservative.
Tom said that he was ambidextrous.
Tom said that he didn't feel safe.
Tom said that Mary would be there.
Tom said that Mary would be early.
Tom said that Mary won't eat pork.
Tom said that Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said that Mary wasn't serious.
Tom said that Mary wasn't retired.
Tom said that Mary wasn't nervous.
Tom said that Mary wasn't married.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at home.
Tom said that Mary was very drunk.
Tom said that Mary was very angry.
Tom said that Mary was unfriendly.
Tom said that Mary was unemployed.
Tom said that Mary was suspicious.
Tom said that Mary was supportive.
Tom said that Mary was possessive.
Tom said that Mary was persuasive.
Tom said that Mary was overweight.
Tom said that Mary was often late.
Tom said that Mary was interested.
Tom said that Mary was hysterical.
Tom said that Mary was frustrated.
Tom said that Mary was frightened.
Tom said that Mary was doing fine.
Tom said that Mary was dependable.
Tom said that Mary was delusional.
Tom said that Mary was attractive.
Tom said that Mary was articulate.
Tom said that Mary was aggressive.
Tom said that Mary waited for him.
Tom said that Mary should eat now.
Tom said that Mary saved his life.
Tom said that Mary likes to dance.
Tom said that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that Mary did a good job.
Tom said that Mary can't eat pork.
Tom said his parents are divorced.
Tom said he'd never let you drive.
Tom said he won't walk home today.
Tom said he thought Mary was here.
Tom said he needed to take a bath.
Tom said he almost didn't do that.
Tom said Mary was finished eating.
Tom said Mary might not eat lunch.
Tom said Mary didn't eat broccoli.
Tom retired from baseball in 2013.
Tom rented an apartment in Boston.
Tom remained in Boston until 2013.
Tom rarely ever hugs Mary anymore.
Tom raises rabbits and sells them.
Tom promised me he'd come by 2:30.
Tom painted the walls light green.
Tom never did like Mary very much.
Tom might need to walk home today.
Tom might have to walk home today.
Tom might come tomorrow afternoon.
Tom made a list of what he wanted.
Tom made a list of what he needed.
Tom made a copy of Mary's car key.
Tom likely won't die anytime soon.
Tom knows the police suspect Mary.
Tom knows that I'm claustrophobic.
Tom knew we were looking for Mary.
Tom knew that he was being unfair.
Tom knew that Mary would be tired.
Tom knew that Mary was prejudiced.
Tom knew Mary was looking for him.
Tom isn't very good at volleyball.
Tom isn't still doing that, is he?
Tom isn't staying with you, is he?
Tom isn't likely to let you drive.
Tom isn't in his office right now.
Tom isn't in any hurry to do that.
Tom isn't going to let Mary drive.
Tom isn't a very religious person.
Tom isn't a music teacher anymore.
Tom is studying French at college.
Tom is scared to go into the cave.
Tom is saving up to go to college.
Tom is probably going to be upset.
Tom is probably going to be tired.
Tom is probably going to be there.
Tom is probably going to be ready.
Tom is probably going to be early.
Tom is probably going to be angry.
Tom is only trying to be friendly.
Tom is never going to let you win.
Tom is never going to forgive you.
Tom is never going to forget Mary.
Tom is never going to do it again.
Tom is never going to be forgiven.
Tom is likely going to be pleased.
Tom is likely going to be nervous.
Tom is likely going to be jealous.
Tom is likely going to be furious.
Tom is likely going to be curious.
Tom is just trying to be friendly.
Tom is just as strange as Mary is.
Tom is going to want to know more.
Tom is going to want some of this.
Tom is going to visit Boston soon.
Tom is going to take care of this.
Tom is going to take care of that.
Tom is going to stay here tonight.
Tom is going to really be pleased.
Tom is going to need some support.
Tom is going to need both of them.
Tom is going to make Mary do that.
Tom is going to leave next Monday.
Tom is going to keep you informed.
Tom is going to help us, isn't he?
Tom is going to go, too, isn't he?
Tom is going to go there tomorrow.
Tom is going to go back home soon.
Tom is going to explain it to you.
Tom is going to do that, isn't he?
Tom is going to do that, I'm sure.
Tom is going to do that with Mary.
Tom is going to do that right now.
Tom is going to do that on Monday.
Tom is going to come back at 2:30.
Tom is going to college next year.
Tom is going to buy that painting.
Tom is going to become frustrated.
Tom is going to be waiting for us.
Tom is going to be waiting for me.
Tom is going to be there for sure.
Tom is going to be ready tomorrow.
Tom is going to be pretty nervous.
Tom is going to be here very soon.
Tom is going to be here till 2:30.
Tom is going to be here real soon.
Tom is going to be here on Monday.
Tom is going to be here next week.
Tom is going to be going with you.
Tom is going to be coming with us.
Tom is going to be back on Monday.
Tom is going to be back next week.
Tom is going to be back home soon.
Tom is doing quite well in school.
Tom is certainly going to do that.
Tom is actually younger than Mary.
Tom intended to do that yesterday.
Tom has promised to help us today.
Tom has just moved back to Boston.
Tom has gotten used to doing that.
Tom has friends who can help Mary.
Tom has built three houses so far.
Tom has been seeing another woman.
Tom has been reading Mary's diary.
Tom has been driving a stolen car.
Tom has a hard time keeping a job.
Tom hardly ever hugs Mary anymore.
Tom had a hard time keeping a job.
Tom got back to Boston last night.
Tom gets up before his parents do.
Tom explained his reasons clearly.
Tom doesn't want to help us today.
Tom doesn't live very far from me.
Tom doesn't know Mary's shoe size.
Tom doesn't ever hug Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't drink beer very often.
Tom does what Mary asks him to do.
Tom does tend to be a little loud.
Tom didn't treat Mary very nicely.
Tom didn't know what was going on?
Tom didn't know what to tell Mary.
Tom didn't know Mary was sleeping.
Tom didn't have any place to live.
Tom didn't even open the envelope.
Tom decided to do that on his own.
Tom could teach Mary how to drive.
Tom could go home if he wanted to.
Tom came to visit us last weekend.
Tom called the police immediately.
Tom brought a bottle of champagne.
Tom asked Mary to sit next to him.
Tom and Mary still live in Boston.
Tom and Mary speak French at home.
Tom and Mary have three grandsons.
Tom and Mary are hiding something.
Tom and I studied French together.
Tom and I often walk on the beach.
Tom always seems to be by himself.
Tom admitted that he'd lied to me.
This wasn't an easy place to find.
This picture was taken in October.
This book isn't written in French.
There are several ways to do that.
That's going to happen quite soon.
That was the last thing I expected
Tell Tom I'm not going to do that.
Someone stole Tom's car last week.
Neither Tom nor Mary has resigned.
Neither Tom nor Mary has red hair.
Neither Tom nor Mary has met John.
Neither Tom nor Mary has finished.
Neither Tom nor Mary has an alibi.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a ticket.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a lawyer.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a guitar.
Neither Tom nor Mary can eat nuts.
My parents taught me how to drive.
My father bought me a new bicycle.
Most people here can speak French.
Mary wants me to be her boyfriend.
Mary treated Tom like her own son.
Mary is very beautiful, isn't she?
Look what I found in Tom's closet.
It's going to cost a lot of money.
It's going to cost $300 to fix it.
It's going to be risky to do that.
It's going to be cheap to do that.
It's definitely a dream come true.
It's been a crazy couple of years.
It won't take you long to do that.
It won't take Tom long to do that.
It took me a long time to do that.
It rained all afternoon yesterday.
It didn't take us long to do that.
It didn't take me long to do that.
Is Tom a common name in Australia?
I'm positive that Tom can do that.
I'm not going to teach you French.
I'm not going to let you get away.
I'm not going to apologize to Tom.
I'm glad we're having this debate.
I'm afraid that's not quite right.
I'll try to persuade Tom to drive.
I'll be watching Tom very closely.
I'd have driven if Tom had let me.
I wonder why Tom let Mary do that.
I wonder why Tom didn't kiss Mary.
I wonder if Tom will ever do that.
I won't ever try doing that again.
I won't drive to Boston by myself.
I trust you to do the right thing.
I think Tom won't do that, either.
I think Tom will want to sit down.
I think Tom will want to see this.
I think Tom will try to kill Mary.
I think Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
I think Tom came here to see Mary.
I sort of expected this to happen.
I really can't talk about that now.
I knew you'd lie to me about that.
I knew you wouldn't let Tom drive.
I hope Tom finds a way to do that.
I have lots of other things to do.
I fell asleep before Tom got home.
I doubt that Tom will forget that.
I doubt if Tom would let me drive.
I don't see your name on the list.
I don't live in Boston any longer.
I don't know who Tom will talk to.
I don't know where I left my cane.
I didn't think you'd let me drive.
I didn't know Tom knew about that.
I can't believe Tom won't do that.
How much money do you have on you?
How much money do carpenters make?
How much experience does Tom have?
How much do you make mowing lawns?
How much candy does Tom have left?
How many times has Tom kissed you?
How long have you been here today?
How long has Tom worked in Boston?
How long has Tom been helping you?
How did you persuade Tom to drive?
Have you lived in Boston for long?
French isn't Tom's first language.
Even Tom doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Could you tell me where Tom lives?
Are you sure that Tom is busy now?
All the girls are crazy about Tom.
You'd never lie to me, would you?
You'd be crazy to lie about that.
You shouldn't have let Tom drive.
You don't walk to school, do you?
Why would Tom want us to do that?
Why is Tom trying to lose weight?
Why is Tom so good at doing that?
Why is Tom determined to do that?
Why is Tom always so pessimistic?
Why do guys I don't like like me?
Why are you reluctant to do that?
Why are you always so aggressive?
Who said Tom could join the team?
Where do you think Tom will live?
Where did you and Tom first kiss?
When will Tom get back to Boston?
When does your last class finish?
When did Tom hang up the laundry?
What's Tom going to buy for Mary?
What's Boston like in the winter?
What's Boston like in the summer?
What would you say if I did that?
What did you and Tom do together?
We're not going to let Tom drive.
We paid a lot for this furniture.
We need to find a way to do that.
We don't kiss each other anymore.
Tom's third wife was from Boston.
Tom's family must be missing him.
Tom wrapped himself in a blanket.
Tom wouldn't talk to me about it.
Tom wouldn't let me say anything.
Tom won't start doing that today.
Tom won't likely come here again.
Tom won't let you guys help Mary.
Tom won't let me hug him anymore.
Tom won't let Mary drive anymore.
Tom won't hang out with us today.
Tom won't be going to work today.
Tom will think I was behind this.
Tom will stay in the Boston area.
Tom will see if Mary can do that.
Tom will propose to Mary tonight.
Tom will probably let Mary drive.
Tom will need to walk home today.
Tom will laugh when he sees this.
Tom will have to walk home today.
Tom will have to stop doing that.
Tom will explain it to all of us.
Tom will come after us, won't he?
Tom will buy a new bicycle today.
Tom will be waiting in the lobby.
Tom will be very glad to see you.
Tom will be here for three weeks.
Tom will be executed at midnight.
Tom went duck hunting last month.
Tom was trying to calm Mary down.
Tom was really nice on the phone.
Tom was only trying to help Mary.
Tom was glad to do that for Mary.
Tom was found dead in his office.
Tom was found dead in his garage.
Tom was expecting that to happen.
Tom was alone on Valentine's Day.
Tom wants us to know he did that.
Tom wants me to do that for Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with him.
Tom tried to get me to help Mary.
Tom told me you agreed with Mary.
Tom told me not to wait for Mary.
Tom told me Mary didn't eat pork.
Tom told Mary to sit next to him.
Tom told Mary that he'd help her.
Tom told Mary he was ready to go.
Tom told Mary he wanted to leave.
Tom thought Mary lived in Boston.
Tom thought Mary knew who he was.
Tom thought Mary had a boyfriend.
Tom thinks he ought to help Mary.
Tom thinks he needs to help Mary.
Tom taught Mary a new song today.
Tom still wants you to help Mary.
Tom still doesn't walk very well.
Tom stayed there for three years.
Tom slept on the sofa last night.
Tom shouldn't have let you drive.
Tom shouldn't be doing that here.
Tom says that was no coincidence.
Tom says that he likes marigolds.
Tom says Mary often eats bananas.
Tom saw Mary jogging in the park.
Tom said that you'd better leave.
Tom said that he'd been careless.
Tom said that he wasn't ticklish.
Tom said that he wasn't offended.
Tom said that he wasn't homesick.
Tom said that he was very sleepy.
Tom said that he was very lonely.
Tom said that he was unimpressed.
Tom said that he was unconvinced.
Tom said that he was unconcerned.
Tom said that he was sympathetic.
Tom said that he was overwhelmed.
Tom said that he was intoxicated.
Tom said that he was heartbroken.
Tom said that he was embarrassed.
Tom said that he was discouraged.
Tom said that he was an agnostic.
Tom said that didn't bother Mary.
Tom said that Mary's dog bit him.
Tom said that Mary yelled at him.
Tom said that Mary wouldn't swim.
Tom said that Mary wasn't single.
Tom said that Mary wasn't pretty.
Tom said that Mary wasn't crying.
Tom said that Mary wasn't coming.
Tom said that Mary wasn't asleep.
Tom said that Mary wasn't amused.
Tom said that Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said that Mary was very sick.
Tom said that Mary was very rich.
Tom said that Mary was very poor.
Tom said that Mary was very busy.
Tom said that Mary was unmarried.
Tom said that Mary was talkative.
Tom said that Mary was surprised.
Tom said that Mary was skeptical.
Tom said that Mary was intrigued.
Tom said that Mary was in Boston.
Tom said that Mary was impulsive.
Tom said that Mary was impressed.
Tom said that Mary was impatient.
Tom said that Mary was exhausted.
Tom said that Mary was easygoing.
Tom said that Mary was dishonest.
Tom said that Mary was desperate.
Tom said that Mary was depressed.
Tom said that Mary was delirious.
Tom said that Mary was courteous.
Tom said that Mary was concerned.
Tom said that Mary was conceited.
Tom said that Mary was attentive.
Tom said that Mary was at school.
Tom said that Mary was assertive.
Tom said that Mary was an artist.
Tom said that Mary was ambitious.
Tom said that Mary told him that.
Tom said that Mary seemed scared.
Tom said that Mary seemed hungry.
Tom said that Mary seemed afraid.
Tom said that Mary might not win.
Tom said that Mary might do that.
Tom said that Mary looked sleepy.
Tom said that Mary likes to sing.
Tom said that Mary had been rude.
Tom said that Mary had been hurt.
Tom said that Mary felt homesick.
Tom said that Mary couldn't swim.
Tom said that Mary could do that.
Tom said not to worry about Mary.
Tom said he's never lied to Mary.
Tom said he'd pay for everything.
Tom said he heard Mary screaming.
Tom said he had no other details.
Tom said he didn't remember much.
Tom said Mary was through eating.
Tom said Mary was his girlfriend.
Tom said Mary often eats bananas.
Tom said Mary is finished eating.
Tom resigned on October 20, 2013.
Tom rents an apartment in Boston.
Tom recently bought a motorcycle.
Tom really doesn't need to worry.
Tom really doesn't have to worry.
Tom raised rabbits and sold them.
Tom quickly pulled the door open.
Tom probably won't help us today.
Tom predicted Mary would be late.
Tom pounded on Mary's front door.
Tom ought to tell Mary the truth.
Tom ought to take his medication.
Tom often goes mountain climbing.
Tom now has a job that pays well.
Tom needs to take his medication.
Tom needs to get to work on time.
Tom must've seen Mary doing that.
Tom knows how much you love Mary.
Tom knows Mary is angry with him.
Tom knows Mary doesn't like that.
Tom knows Mary can't eat peanuts.
Tom knocked on Mary's front door.
Tom knew that Mary would be busy.
Tom knew that Mary was conceited.
Tom knew that I'd be cooperative.
Tom knew that I was disappointed.
Tom knew Mary was angry with him.
Tom knew Mary shouldn't eat nuts.
Tom isn't very nice to strangers.
Tom isn't the baby of the family.
Tom isn't playing guitar anymore.
Tom isn't going to let you drive.
Tom isn't going to help us today.
Tom isn't Mary's only grandchild.
Tom is visiting family in Boston.
Tom is the one who milks the cow.
Tom is supposed to help us today.
Tom is really excited about that.
Tom is probably going to be late.
Tom is probably going to be fine.
Tom is probably going to be busy.
Tom is now a freshman at Harvard.
Tom is never going to walk again.
Tom is never going to understand.
Tom is never going to forget you.
Tom is likely going to be sleepy.
Tom is likely going to be scared.
Tom is likely going to be lonely.
Tom is likely going to be hungry.
Tom is having problems with Mary.
Tom is good at handling children.
Tom is going to need our support.
Tom is going to leave in an hour.
Tom is going to keep us informed.
Tom is going to go there with me.
Tom is going to fly to Australia.
Tom is going to enjoy doing that.
Tom is going to end up in prison.
Tom is going to do that, I think.
Tom is going to do that sometime.
Tom is going to do that for sure.
Tom is going to do that for free.
Tom is going to become a teacher.
Tom is going to be there as well.
Tom is going to be here all week.
Tom is going to be free tomorrow.
Tom is going to be busy tomorrow.
Tom is going to be back tomorrow.
Tom is going to be arriving soon.
Tom is going to agree to do that.
Tom is expecting Mary to do that.
Tom heard Mary and John fighting.
Tom hasn't left his room all day.
Tom has to go to a funeral today.
Tom has something he needs to do.
Tom has made a number of enemies.
Tom has decided to become a cook.
Tom has been renovating his home.
Tom has been ready to go all day.
Tom has been planning to do that.
Tom has been acting suspiciously.
Tom has agreed to walk Mary home.
Tom has a lot to be thankful for.
Tom got a text message from Mary.
Tom expects Mary to sit with him.
Tom drove to Boston to meet Mary.
Tom doesn't want to work outside.
Tom doesn't usually drink coffee.
Tom doesn't treat Mary very well.
Tom doesn't ride the bus to work.
Tom doesn't really need to worry.
Tom doesn't know who stabbed him.
Tom doesn't have to go with Mary.
Tom doesn't have a place to live.
Tom died three months after Mary.
Tom didn't see Mary kissing John.
Tom didn't have to help us today.
Tom did that the way he was told.
Tom could teach you how to drive.
Tom can't let Mary do that again.
Tom came up with some good ideas.
Tom called the police right away.
Tom called Mary from a pay phone.
Tom bragged about what he'd done.
Tom bought a bottle of champagne.
Tom asked me to do this for Mary.
Tom apparently committed suicide.
Tom and you have a lot in common.
Tom and Mary were happy together.
Tom and Mary were both very busy.
Tom and Mary were both concerned.
Tom and Mary plan to get married.
Tom and Mary need to go home now.
Tom and Mary need to be vigilant.
Tom and Mary go jogging together.
Tom and Mary don't often eat out.
Tom and Mary ate dinner together.
Tom and Mary are very well known.
Tom and Mary are happily married.
This type of thing happens a lot.
There's a good chance it'll snow.
There's a good chance it'll rain.
There's a crack in my windshield.
There's a chance that it'll work.
That's going to happen very soon.
Tell Tom not to hug Mary anymore.
Not many young people like opera.
Neither Tom nor Mary hugged John.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay.
Neither Tom nor Mary has the flu.
Neither Tom nor Mary has retired.
Neither Tom nor Mary has arrived.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a piano.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a horse.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a fever.
Neither Tom nor Mary ate dessert.
Mary wasn't wearing a blue dress.
Mary told me Tom was her husband.
Mary told me Tom was her brother.
Mary pretended she was my sister.
Mary is your daughter, isn't she?
Mary is too young to be a mother.
Mary broke up with her boyfriend.
It's quite unlikely Tom will win.
It's only going to take a second.
It's only going to take a minute.
It's just going to take a minute.
It's just going to be you and me.
It's going to take a few seconds.
It's going to take a few minutes.
It's going to start raining soon.
It's going to happen to you, too.
It's going to be easy to do that.
It's going to be dark in an hour.
It's going to be cloudy tomorrow.
It's been raining for three days.
It'll be easy for Tom to do that.
It won't take us long to do that.
It won't take me long to do that.
It started raining at about 2:30.
It looks as if Tom won't help us.
Is something the matter with Tom?
I've spoken to Tom and he's fine.
I've never given it much thought.
I've driven to Boston many times.
I've been told Tom will be fired.
I've been here since last Monday.
I'm sure Tom will let Mary drive.
I'm sorry I didn't let you drive.
I'm not going to try to stop you.
I'm never going to let you drive.
I'm looking for something to eat.
I'm going to ask Tom to move out.
I'm convinced that I can do that.
I'm afraid I can't let you drive.
I'll do that as soon as possible.
I'd suggest not doing that again.
I'd be very surprised if Tom won.
I wished I'd gotten here earlier.
I tried to persuade Tom to drive.
I thought it'd be more expensive.
I think it's time to wake Tom up.
I think it'll start raining soon.
I think I can break Tom's record.
I think I can afford to buy that.
I sometimes can't understand Tom.
I should've kissed Tom yesterday.
I saw Tom kissing Mary yesterday.
I really like this kind of music.
I really don't think Tom will go.
I met some nice people in Boston.
I know you'd never let Tom drive.
I know where Tom will be tonight.
I know exactly what Tom will say.
I know both Mary and her husband.
I know Tom will be there tonight.
I know Tom wants us to help Mary.
I just joined the team yesterday.
I joined the team just yesterday.
I imagine I'll be busy on Monday.
I hope it's not raining tomorrow.
I hope Tom and Mary sit together.
I heard Tom will quit doing that.
I haven't talked to Tom recently.
I haven't seen Tom at all lately.
I haven't played tennis recently.
I fell asleep during the concert.
I don't usually kiss Tom goodbye.
I don't think Tom will like that.
I don't think Tom will kiss Mary.
I don't think Tom will get fired.
I don't think Tom told the truth.
I don't know anything about cars.
I don't drink white wine anymore.
I can't spend the whole day here.
How's Tom getting back to Boston?
How would you say that in French?
How much applesauce should I buy?
How many times did Tom kiss Mary?
How long did you spend in Boston?
How long did the earthquake last?
How did Tom get you to help Mary?
How can I get a driver's license?
Have you heard from Tom recently?
Have you been to Boston recently?
Has Tom come to Boston this year?
Does Tom want me to go with Mary?
Does Tom know that you love Mary?
Do you really think Tom will die?
Do you really think Tom loves me?
Do you know what Tom will do now?
Do you have any idea what you've done?
Come over here and give me a hug.
Can you give me a hand with this?
Boston is where Tom and Mary met.
About thirty people were injured.
You're just in time for dessert.
You can turn out the lights now.
Would you teach me how to drive?
Would you please not smoke here?
Why is Tom always so dressed up?
Why is Tom always so aggressive?
Why does this room smell so bad?
Why does Tom take that medicine?
Why did you want Tom to do that?
Why are you hesitant to do that?
Why are you always so skeptical?
Why are you always so secretive?
Who's that woman talking to Tom?
Who told you where Tom was born?
Who told Tom he should hug Mary?
When did you buy those earrings?
When did you and Tom first kiss?
When did Tom teach you to drive?
What's Tom going to do for Mary?
What's Tom doing in Mary's room?
What do Tom and Mary have to do?
What are you doing in Tom's car?
We're now living in Tom's house.
We'll start as soon as possible.
We'll do that as soon as we can.
We'll begin as soon as possible.
We should've brought more worms.
We didn't even think about that.
Tom's third wife is from Boston.
Tom's parents are Mary and John.
Tom's office has been ransacked.
Tom writes several poems a week.
Tom wouldn't tell Mary anything.
Tom wouldn't have let you drive.
Tom worries about Mary too much.
Tom won't likely stay very long.
Tom won't force Mary to do that.
Tom won't be here for very long.
Tom won't be happy to hear that.
Tom won't be gone for very long.
Tom won't be at today's meeting.
Tom will write a letter to Mary.
Tom will unlikely help us today.
Tom will start doing that today.
Tom will probably help us today.
Tom will permit Mary to do that.
Tom will need medical attention.
Tom will likely lose everything.
Tom will likely be leaving soon.
Tom will lend me a book to read.
Tom will leave tomorrow morning.
Tom will find out what happened.
Tom will do what he's got to do.
Tom will crash here for a while.
Tom will come back here tonight.
Tom will be surprised, won't he?
Tom will be staying for a while.
Tom will be so happy to see you.
Tom will be really proud of you.
Tom will be lonely if you leave.
Tom will be home any minute now.
Tom will ask you some questions.
Tom wasn't on duty at that time.
Tom was very worried about that.
Tom was sitting in the backseat.
Tom wants you to sing with Mary.
Tom wants you to help him today.
Tom wants to talk to his lawyer.
Tom wants to meet Mary's family.
Tom wants to buy a leather belt.
Tom wanted to take care of Mary.
Tom wanted to help Mary do that.
Tom wanted to get out of Boston.
Tom wanted me to help him today.
Tom wanted Mary to stay at home.
Tom used to never walk anywhere.
Tom unlocked his car and got in.
Tom told Mary it was time to go.
Tom thought something was wrong.
Tom thought he should help Mary.
Tom thought he had to help Mary.
Tom thought Mary would kiss him.
Tom thought Mary would help him.
Tom thought Mary would eat more.
Tom thought Mary was a Canadian.
Tom thought Mary had to do that.
Tom thinks he can do that again.
Tom taught me how to play poker.
Tom talks a lot about Australia.
Tom talked to Mary before class.
Tom still hasn't washed the car.
Tom still hasn't milked the cow.
Tom stays in Boston on weekends.
Tom stayed in the car with Mary.
Tom spilled coffee on the table.
Tom spent all afternoon cooking.
Tom soon fell in love with Mary.
Tom showed up at every practice.
Tom shouldn't be the head coach.
Tom should've bought a used car.
Tom should be locked up forever.
Tom should be added to the list.
Tom should be able to handle it.
Tom seldom stays home on Monday.
Tom says it's a dream come true.
Tom says he's in love with Mary.
Tom says he won't help us today.
Tom says he has no other choice.
Tom says Mary will be back soon.
Tom said you'd do that for Mary.
Tom said there were no problems.
Tom said that might be the case.
Tom said that he'd been foolish.
Tom said that he'd been careful.
Tom said that he wasn't worried.
Tom said that he wasn't shocked.
Tom said that he wasn't serious.
Tom said that he wasn't retired.
Tom said that he wasn't nervous.
Tom said that he wasn't married.
Tom said that he wasn't jealous.
Tom said that he wasn't healthy.
Tom said that he wasn't adopted.
Tom said that he was very upset.
Tom said that he was very sorry.
Tom said that he was very happy.
Tom said that he was very drunk.
Tom said that he was very broke.
Tom said that he was very bored.
Tom said that he was very angry.
Tom said that he was unemployed.
Tom said that he was suspicious.
Tom said that he was optimistic.
Tom said that he was interested.
Tom said that he was going bald.
Tom said that he was frustrated.
Tom said that he was frightened.
Tom said that he was colorblind.
Tom said that Mary wasn't wrong.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ready.
Tom said that Mary wasn't lucky.
Tom said that Mary wasn't drunk.
Tom said that Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said that Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said that Mary was very sad.
Tom said that Mary was very mad.
Tom said that Mary was ticklish.
Tom said that Mary was thrilled.
Tom said that Mary was talented.
Tom said that Mary was stubborn.
Tom said that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that Mary was reliable.
Tom said that Mary was offended.
Tom said that Mary was mistaken.
Tom said that Mary was homesick.
Tom said that Mary was homeless.
Tom said that Mary was gullible.
Tom said that Mary was friendly.
Tom said that Mary was divorced.
Tom said that Mary was deranged.
Tom said that Mary was creative.
Tom said that Mary was charming.
Tom said that Mary was barefoot.
Tom said that Mary was autistic.
Tom said that Mary was athletic.
Tom said that Mary was artistic.
Tom said that Mary was arrogant.
Tom said that Mary was Canadian.
Tom said that Mary seldom cries.
Tom said that Mary seemed tired.
Tom said that Mary seemed happy.
Tom said that Mary seemed drunk.
Tom said that Mary looked tired.
Tom said that Mary looked happy.
Tom said that Mary looked drunk.
Tom said that Mary is very sick.
Tom said that Mary is skeptical.
Tom said his son was a good kid.
Tom said his life was in danger.
Tom said he'd sign the contract.
Tom said he was having fun, too.
Tom said he wanted to kiss Mary.
Tom said he wanted to kill Mary.
Tom said he thought I was funny.
Tom said he thought I might win.
Tom said he had no other choice.
Tom said he had no more details.
Tom said he had fully recovered.
Tom said he had a terrible cold.
Tom said he could help us today.
Tom said Mary is through eating.
Tom said I should let you drive.
Tom returned to work last month.
Tom returned Mary's book to her.
Tom retired from racing in 2013.
Tom retired from boxing in 2013.
Tom retired from acting in 2013.
Tom retired and moved to Boston.
Tom reluctantly went by himself.
Tom rarely stays home on Monday.
Tom put his suitcase on his bed.
Tom promised that he'd be there.
Tom pretended to be unconscious.
Tom posted a notice on the wall.
Tom polished his father's shoes.
Tom plays tennis in the morning.
Tom plays soccer and runs track.
Tom planted roses in the garden.
Tom ought to talk to his lawyer.
Tom only listens to heavy metal.
Tom often writes to his parents.
Tom often watches horror movies.
Tom never used to walk anywhere.
Tom never asked me to help Mary.
Tom needs to talk to his lawyer.
Tom needs to sign this document.
Tom needs to pay for everything.
Tom needs to get back to Boston.
Tom might want you to help Mary.
Tom might buy a surfboard today.
Tom may come tomorrow afternoon.
Tom made up his mind right away.
Tom made some very big mistakes.
Tom made some sandwiches for us.
Tom loves to watch horror films.
Tom lives three miles from Mary.
Tom lives only a few miles away.
Tom lived abroad for many years.
Tom likes traveling and so do I.
Tom let me make my own decision.
Tom let Mary do what she wanted.
Tom lent me his French textbook.
Tom left his glasses in his car.
Tom left Australia this morning.
Tom leaves for Boston next week.
Tom knows that I'm disorganized.
Tom knows it's a tough decision.
Tom knows how to sharpen knives.
Tom knows how to play the blues.
Tom knows how to open this door.
Tom knows how I feel about Mary.
Tom knows his children need him.
Tom knew that he was overweight.
Tom knew that I was unimpressed.
Tom knew that I was unconvinced.
Tom knew that I was sympathetic.
Tom knew that I was heartbroken.
Tom knew that I was embarrassed.
Tom knew that I was discouraged.
Tom knew he needed to help Mary.
Tom knew he had to do something.
Tom knew Mary couldn't eat nuts.
Tom kept me waiting for an hour.
Tom isn't likely to forget that.
Tom isn't going to buy a camera.
Tom isn't at his desk right now.
Tom isn't afraid to do anything.
Tom isn't able to help us today.
Tom isn't a computer programmer.
Tom isn't Mary's French teacher.
Tom is wearing a dark blue suit.
Tom is waiting for Mary at home.
Tom is very interested in music.
Tom is too shy to talk to girls.
Tom is talking to his roommates.
Tom is sound asleep in his room.
Tom is scared to try new things.
Tom is probably not going to go.
Tom is probably going to say no.
Tom is probably going to be mad.
Tom is playing a game with Mary.
Tom is only trying to help Mary.
Tom is now home with his family.
Tom is not going to let Mary go.
Tom is married to John's ex-wife
Tom is likely going to be tired.
Tom is likely going to be ready.
Tom is likely going to be early.
Tom is likely going to be angry.
Tom is likely going to be alone.
Tom is just trying to help Mary.
Tom is just as short as Mary is.
Tom is just as funny as Mary is.
Tom is just as crazy as Mary is.
Tom is going to wash the dishes.
Tom is going to wait until 2:30.
Tom is going to try to stop you.
Tom is going to try and stop me.
Tom is going to return tomorrow.
Tom is going to need more money.
Tom is going to miss Mary a lot.
Tom is going to let you do that.
Tom is going to let Mary decide.
Tom is going to leave next week.
Tom is going to know what to do.
Tom is going to go to Australia.
Tom is going to get better soon.
Tom is going to do that somehow.
Tom is going to do that himself.
Tom is going to be worried sick.
Tom is going to be very pleased.
Tom is going to be missed a lot.
Tom is going to be leaving soon.
Tom is going to be home by 2:30.
Tom is going to be here tonight.
Tom is going to be here by 2:30.
Tom is going to be gone all day.
Tom is going to be back by 2:30.
Tom is going to be back at 2:30.
Tom is going to be an architect.
Tom is going to be absent today.
Tom is going to appreciate that.
Tom is going to always be there.
Tom is from Australia, isn't he?
Tom is expecting that to happen.
Tom is definitely going to come.
Tom is currently writing a book.
Tom is being treated for cancer.
Tom is afraid to try new things.
Tom is a third-year law student.
Tom insists nothing has changed.
Tom insisted on my helping Mary.
Tom heard Mary and John talking.
Tom has persuaded Mary to drive.
Tom has no friends to talk with.
Tom has never said he was sorry.
Tom has had more than one drink.
Tom has had his house repainted.
Tom has had a nervous breakdown.
Tom has done a lot for our team.
Tom has decided he's had enough.
Tom has been waiting to do that.
Tom has been sentenced to death.
Tom has been out skiing all day.
Tom has been named team captain.
Tom has been missing since 2013.
Tom has been arrested in Boston.
Tom has always been an optimist.
Tom has already joined the team.
Tom has a history of depression.
Tom had burns all over his body.
Tom got married in October 2013.
Tom got Mary to sit next to him.
Tom goes to Boston once a month.
Tom gets along with his in-laws.
Tom gets a haircut once a month.
Tom fell down and hurt his knee.
Tom explained his reasons to me.
Tom expects Mary to forgive him.
Tom drove to Boston last Monday.
Tom doesn't want to study today.
Tom doesn't want to settle down.
Tom doesn't want to do anything.
Tom doesn't speak French either.
Tom doesn't play guitar anymore.
Tom doesn't greet his neighbors.
Tom doesn't even know your name.
Tom died of pneumonia in Boston.
Tom died of lung cancer in 2013.
Tom died in a car crash in 2013.
Tom didn't want to work outside.
Tom didn't want to play outside.
Tom didn't want me to help Mary.
Tom didn't treat Mary very well.
Tom didn't resign. He got fired.
Tom didn't know Mary was hungry.
Tom didn't have a place to live.
Tom didn't do too badly himself.
Tom didn't do the job very well.
Tom didn't do anything about it.
Tom couldn't get what he wanted.
Tom complained about that a lot.
Tom commutes to work by bicycle.
Tom cleaned his room in a hurry.
Tom can't come to work tomorrow.
Tom can swim further than I can.
Tom came to ask us to help Mary.
Tom came to Boston to meet Mary.
Tom came into the room, sobbing.
Tom brushed his daughter's hair.
Tom bought an expensive bicycle.
Tom bought an electric chainsaw.
Tom borrowed a pencil from Mary.
Tom attends church every Sunday.
Tom asked Mary why she had lied.
Tom and Mary were good students.
Tom and Mary met at the library.
Tom and Mary have nothing to do.
Tom always gets to work on time.
Tom almost never walks anywhere.
Today is the last day of school.
This might just be what we need.
Things are likely to get better.
The snow kept me from going out.
That name sounds familiar to me.
Something is starting to happen.
No wonder Tom never got married.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a cold.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a boat.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a blog.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a bike.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Ph.D.
My favorite poet is Tom Jackson.
Mary wished she had a boyfriend.
Mary looks just like her mother.
Mary isn't wearing a blue dress.
Mary bought herself a new dress.
It's going to stop raining soon.
It's going to be fun to do that.
It'll be easy for us to do that.
It'll be easy for me to do that.
It was a lot of work to do that.
It looks like Tom won't help us.
Is it OK to come again tomorrow?
Is Tom really a science teacher?
Introduce me to your friend Tom.
If Tom won't go, I won't either.
I've come a long way since then.
I'm sure Tom will let you drive.
I'm still living on Park Street.
I'm positive that I can do that.
I'm hoping it'll happen quickly.
I'm going to buy a new umbrella.
I'd prefer to do that on Monday.
I won't do anything to hurt Tom.
I wish I'd kissed Tom yesterday.
I want to start studying French.
I want to start learning French.
I think Tom will love this book.
I think Tom wants me to do that.
I think Tom knows who shot Mary.
I think Tom is somewhat curious.
I think Tom has done a good job.
I think Tom doesn't remember me.
I need time to think about this.
I need time to think about that.
I hear Tom will quit doing that.
I haven't washed the dishes yet?
I guess I was kind of surprised.
I don't think I can afford that.
I don't believe you can do that.
I couldn't find a parking space.
I couldn't do that for a living.
I can't help worrying about Tom.
I can't hear what Tom is saying.
I can't believe I let Tom drive.
I already know what Tom will do.
I actually kissed Tom yesterday.
Hundreds attended Tom's funeral.
How much of this stuff is yours?
How much money do teachers make?
How much money do plumbers make?
How much ice cream should I buy?
How much chocolate should I buy?
How much cheese do we have left?
How much candy do you have left?
How much applesauce did you eat?
How much applesauce did you buy?
How much applesauce did Tom eat?
How many times did you kiss Tom?
How many pictures will Tom take?
How many pictures has Tom taken?
How many eggs do you eat a week?
How does Tom know what happened?
How do I get a driver's license?
How did you get to the hospital?
How did Tom get to the hospital?
How did Tom get to be so famous?
How did Tom get to be a partner?
Haven't you finished eating yet?
Have you been downtown recently?
Everything seems to be going OK.
Don't you remember what Tom did?
Do you still play golf with Tom?
Do you still eat lunch with Tom?
Do you know that guy over there?
Do you know if Tom will do that?
Did Tom go to Boston in October?
Are you doing anything tomorrow?
Are these Tom's and Mary's cups?
Are these Tom's and Mary's bags?
You'll just have to be patient.
You'd better not let Tom drive.
You really like Tom, don't you?
You might try doing that today.
You left your hat on the table.
Would you like another blanket?
Why wouldn't you let Tom drive?
Why is Tom so good at swimming?
Why is Tom so good at baseball?
Why is Tom always so secretive?
Why has Tom been losing weight?
Why are you tempted to do that?
Why are you being so sarcastic?
Why Tom won't let Mary do that?
Who told Tom he should do that?
Who knows what Tom is thinking?
Who else would want to do that?
When did you buy this computer?
What happened to Tom on Monday?
What do you and Tom want to do?
We think Tom will be back soon.
We know what Tom and Mary want.
Tom's wife must be missing him.
Tom's van is parked over there.
Tom's school is on Park Street.
Tom's name is also on the list.
Tom's car is parked over there.
Tom wouldn't like it in Boston.
Tom would never let Mary drive.
Tom would never leave his wife.
Tom won't want Mary to do that.
Tom won't try to do that today.
Tom won't likely help us today.
Tom won't likely do that again.
Tom won't let me drive anymore.
Tom won't do that now, will he?
Tom won't do anything about it.
Tom won't be at the conference.
Tom will wash the car tomorrow.
Tom will love living in Boston.
Tom will go to school tomorrow.
Tom will find out what you did.
Tom will do something about it.
Tom will come back to get Mary.
Tom will come back and help us.
Tom will ask Mary to marry him.
Tom will allow Mary to do that.
Tom wasn't there to greet Mary.
Tom wasn't a very good student.
Tom was likely unaware of that.
Tom was here all day yesterday.
Tom was born in 2013 in Boston.
Tom wants you to wait for Mary.
Tom wants to try something new.
Tom wants to help Mary do that.
Tom wants to become pharmacist.
Tom wants me to work with Mary.
Tom wanted me to wait for Mary.
Tom wanted me to come get Mary.
Tom very seldom walks anywhere.
Tom very rarely walks anywhere.
Tom told me not to follow Mary.
Tom thought it was an accident.
Tom thought Mary was a teacher.
Tom thought Mary might do that.
Tom thinks he should help Mary.
Tom thinks he has to help Mary.
Tom still can't walk very well.
Tom started crying immediately.
Tom spent three days in Boston.
Tom sometimes gets embarrassed.
Tom shouldn't be gone too long.
Tom should've let Mary do that.
Tom should take his medication.
Tom shot Mary between the eyes.
Tom seems eager to participate.
Tom says he's looking for Mary.
Tom says he'll stay for dinner.
Tom says he won't buy any beer.
Tom says Mary seldom eats fish.
Tom saw Mary and John fighting.
Tom said this belonged to Mary.
Tom said that's no longer true.
Tom said that he wasn't single.
Tom said that he wasn't scared.
Tom said that he wasn't guilty.
Tom said that he wasn't amused.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid.
Tom said that he was very sick.
Tom said that he was very rich.
Tom said that he was very poor.
Tom said that he was very cold.
Tom said that he was unmarried.
Tom said that he was terrified.
Tom said that he was surprised.
Tom said that he was skeptical.
Tom said that he was satisfied.
Tom said that he was mortified.
Tom said that he was miserable.
Tom said that he was irritated.
Tom said that he was intrigued.
Tom said that he was impressed.
Tom said that he was exhausted.
Tom said that he was desperate.
Tom said that he was depressed.
Tom said that he was concerned.
Tom said that he felt homesick.
Tom said that Mary wasn't well.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sick.
Tom said that Mary wasn't hurt.
Tom said that Mary was worried.
Tom said that Mary was wealthy.
Tom said that Mary was unhappy.
Tom said that Mary was too fat.
Tom said that Mary was strange.
Tom said that Mary was shocked.
Tom said that Mary was serious.
Tom said that Mary was selfish.
Tom said that Mary was retired.
Tom said that Mary was psyched.
Tom said that Mary was patient.
Tom said that Mary was nervous.
Tom said that Mary was married.
Tom said that Mary was jealous.
Tom said that Mary was helpful.
Tom said that Mary was healthy.
Tom said that Mary was furious.
Tom said that Mary was engaged.
Tom said that Mary was curious.
Tom said that Mary was bipolar.
Tom said that Mary was at home.
Tom said that Mary was annoyed.
Tom said that Mary was adopted.
Tom said that Mary slapped him.
Tom said that Mary seldom wins.
Tom said that Mary seemed busy.
Tom said that Mary punched him.
Tom said that Mary often cries.
Tom said that Mary may do that.
Tom said that Mary looked pale.
Tom said that Mary looked busy.
Tom said that Mary is ticklish.
Tom said that Mary always wins.
Tom said he wouldn't kiss Mary.
Tom said he never lied to Mary.
Tom said he likes the ski, too.
Tom said he knew the area well.
Tom said goodbye to his family.
Tom said Mary sat in the front.
Tom rarely ever walks anywhere.
Tom quit doing that months ago.
Tom promised to walk Mary home.
Tom promised he'd walk the dog.
Tom probably won't die tonight.
Tom now knows where Mary lives.
Tom needs to apologize to Mary.
Tom must've seen us doing that.
Tom moved to Boston in October.
Tom might ask you to help Mary.
Tom made up his mind weeks ago.
Tom lost sight of his daughter.
Tom likes to talk to strangers.
Tom knows that I'm competitive.
Tom knew that Mary was engaged.
Tom knew that I'd be back soon.
Tom knew that I was suspicious.
Tom knew that I was optimistic.
Tom knew that I was interested.
Tom knew that I was frightened.
Tom knew that I was displeased.
Tom isn't too tired to do that.
Tom isn't still at work, is he?
Tom isn't interested in horses.
Tom isn't aware that Mary lied.
Tom isn't as strong as you are.
Tom is working as a dispatcher.
Tom wants to buy my old car.
Tom is very worried about this.
Tom is very worried about that.
Tom is very busy at the moment.
Tom is trapped in the basement.
Tom is the one who helped Mary.
Tom is the man who helped Mary.
Tom is the head football coach.
Tom is the guy who helped Mary.
Tom is still working as a cook.
Tom is searching for a way out.
Tom is probably going to be up.
Tom is probably going to be OK.
Tom is one of my ex-boyfriends.
Tom is never going to catch me.
Tom is likely going to do that.
Tom is likely going to be late.
Tom is likely going to be home.
Tom is likely going to be busy.
Tom is just worried about Mary.
Tom is hoping you'll help Mary.
Tom is having problems at work.
Tom is going to win eventually.
Tom is going to remain at home.
Tom is going to quit on Monday.
Tom is going to need some help.
Tom is going to meet you there.
Tom is going to let Mary drive.
Tom is going to end up in jail.
Tom is going to drive you home.
Tom is going to do it tomorrow.
Tom is going to do a great job.
Tom is going to come on Monday.
Tom is going to come home soon.
Tom is going to come back soon.
Tom is going to call you later.
Tom is going to be discouraged.
Tom is going to be bored stiff.
Tom is asleep in the next room.
Tom is always the last to know.
Tom is a retired schoolteacher.
Tom is a bad influence on Mary.
Tom hurried back to his office.
Tom has worked as a journalist.
Tom has woken up from his coma.
Tom has to tell Mary the truth.
Tom has to take his medication.
Tom has made a good suggestion.
Tom has decided to buy a house.
Tom has been here since Monday.
Tom has already talked to Mary.
Tom had an operation last week.
Tom got rid of his old bicycle.
Tom gave me just what I needed.
Tom gave Mary his home address.
Tom filled the vase with water.
Tom doesn't usually drink wine.
Tom doesn't usually drink beer.
Tom doesn't often drink coffee.
Tom doesn't ever walk anywhere.
Tom does tend to be late a lot.
Tom didn't let me say anything.
Tom decided he needed a change.
Tom couldn't get his gloves on.
Tom came into the room, crying.
Tom called Mary at around 2:30.
Tom called Mary Monday evening.
Tom bought a round-trip ticket.
Tom baked a cake for the party.
Tom ate the apple you gave him.
Tom asked me where Mary worked.
Tom asked me to do it for Mary.
Tom and Mary were very unhappy.
Tom and Mary took care of John.
Tom and Mary talked about John.
Tom and Mary have the same job.
Tom and Mary have already left.
Tom and Mary got married young.
Tom and Mary are still at home.
This photo was taken on Monday.
This is where Tom and Mary met.
These flowers were sent by Tom.
That's the best I've ever seen.
Tell Tom that I'm proud of him.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a job.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a gun.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a dog.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a car.
Music is a big part of my life.
Maybe I could help Tom do that.
May I take a nap on your couch?
Mary is your sister, isn't she?
Leave a message after the beep.
It's unlikely Tom will do that.
It's going to take a long time.
It's going to all be over soon.
It's fine by me if you do that.
It's been really windy all day.
It's OK with me if you do that.
It won't be so easy to do that.
It was a bit tricky to do that.
It took a long time to do that.
Is it OK to come tomorrow, too?
If Tom wants to drive, let him.
I've spoken to Tom and he's OK.
I've been here for three weeks.
I'm worried about Tom's future.
I'm sure Tom will be all right.
I'm not sure Tom will be there.
I'm not going to let you drive.
I'm not going to let Tom drive.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed.
I'm convinced Tom isn't guilty.
I'm a patient of Dr. Jackson's.
I'll give this to Tom tomorrow.
I wonder why is Tom doing that.
I wonder what Tom will tell us.
I want you to start doing that.
I very seldom kiss Tom anymore.
I used to lived on Park Street.
I took this picture in October.
I thought Mary was your girlfriend.
I think Tom will propose to me.
I think Tom will do that today.
I think Tom still has a chance.
I think I should go to the gym.
I spend a lot of time studying.
I shouldn't have let you drive.
I never would've let Tom drive.
I listen to music all day long.
I know that you care about Tom.
I hope you remember to do that.
I hope Tom does that on Monday.
I have many other things to do.
I hardly ever kiss Tom anymore.
I forgot to ask Tom to do that.
I don't walk to school anymore.
I don't think Tom will make it.
I don't think Tom will hear us.
I don't often kiss Tom anymore.
I don't know when I'll do that.
I can't take this pain anymore.
I can't stand people like that.
I can't speak a word of French.
I can't make up for what I did.
I believe that Tom can do that.
How much sand is in the bucket?
How much property does Tom own?
How much more water do we have?
How much money have you stolen?
How much ice cream do you want?
How much ice cream did you eat?
How much ice cream did you buy?
How much ice cream did Tom eat?
How much chocolate did you eat?
How much chocolate did you buy?
How much chocolate did Tom eat?
How much candy do we have left?
How many pictures did Tom take?
How did you know Tom had a dog?
Don't tell Tom that I did that.
Does Tom ever hug his children?
Do you think Tom would do that?
Do you have plans for tomorrow?
Did you pack this bag yourself?
Did you do anything last night?
Did you come by yourself today?
Did you bring what I asked for?
Could you tell me what this is?
Could you help me for a second?
Are you going to let Tom drive?
You promised me you'd do that.
Would you like a piece of pie?
Why is Tom being so sarcastic?
Why does Tom take those pills?
Why didn't you help Tom today?
Why didn't Tom help you today?
Why didn't Tom get on the bus?
Why are you always so unlucky?
Why are you always so jealous?
Why are you always so grouchy?
Who told you why Tom was late?
Who told Tom not to kiss Mary?
Where is Tom Jackson's office?
Where can I rent a motorcycle?
What's your plan for tomorrow?
We're not going to lie to you.
We'll start as soon as we can.
We'll begin as soon as we can.
We don't speak French at home.
Tom's trial lasted three days.
Tom's third wife died in 2013.
Tom's parents don't like Mary.
Tom's motorcycle is brand new.
Tom wouldn't tell us anything.
Tom wouldn't make you do that.
Tom wouldn't like living here.
Tom wouldn't let us help Mary.
Tom would never let you drive.
Tom wondered if Mary ate pork.
Tom won't bother Mary anymore.
Tom won't be helping us today.
Tom won't be happy about this.
Tom won't be doing that today.
Tom will put his dog to sleep.
Tom will love being in Boston.
Tom will like being in Boston.
Tom will learn how to do that.
Tom will have to talk to Mary.
Tom will have to study harder.
Tom will go skiing by himself.
Tom will find out what we did.
Tom will come when he's ready.
Tom will be tried as an adult.
Tom will be back this evening.
Tom wasn't very upset by that.
Tom was in Boston at the time.
Tom was gone for three months.
Tom was Mary's French teacher.
Tom wants to do something new.
Tom wants me to wait for Mary.
Tom walks his dog twice a day.
Tom took Mary to the doctor's.
Tom told us what was going on.
Tom told us what had happened.
Tom told me you work for Mary.
Tom thought he'd be safe here.
Tom thought Mary was homesick.
Tom thinks it was an accident.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that.
Tom still can't find his keys.
Tom spilled wine on his shirt.
Tom spilled soup on his shirt.
Tom spilled coffee on himself.
Tom showed up at Mary's party.
Tom showed Mary his new watch.
Tom should talk to his lawyer.
Tom should pay for everything.
Tom says that Mary lies a lot.
Tom says he'd never kiss Mary.
Tom says he can help us today.
Tom said that you'd better go.
Tom said that he'd been wrong.
Tom said that he'd be on time.
Tom said that he wasn't wrong.
Tom said that he wasn't sorry.
Tom said that he wasn't ready.
Tom said that he wasn't lucky.
Tom said that he wasn't drunk.
Tom said that he wasn't broke.
Tom said that he wasn't alone.
Tom said that he was very sad.
Tom said that he was very mad.
Tom said that he was unbiased.
Tom said that he was unafraid.
Tom said that he was troubled.
Tom said that he was ticklish.
Tom said that he was thrilled.
Tom said that he was relieved.
Tom said that he was prepared.
Tom said that he was offended.
Tom said that he was mistaken.
Tom said that he was homesick.
Tom said that he was homeless.
Tom said that he was grateful.
Tom said that he was famished.
Tom said that he was divorced.
Tom said that he was confused.
Tom said that Mary would come.
Tom said that Mary would call.
Tom said that Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said that Mary was unhurt.
Tom said that Mary was thirty.
Tom said that Mary was strict.
Tom said that Mary was stingy.
Tom said that Mary was skinny.
Tom said that Mary was single.
Tom said that Mary was scared.
Tom said that Mary was pretty.
Tom said that Mary was lonely.
Tom said that Mary was hungry.
Tom said that Mary was honest.
Tom said that Mary was crying.
Tom said that Mary was cranky.
Tom said that Mary was chubby.
Tom said that Mary was bright.
Tom said that Mary was asleep.
Tom said that Mary was afraid.
Tom said that Mary left early.
Tom said that Mary isn't well.
Tom said that Mary isn't done.
Tom said that Mary isn't cold.
Tom said that Mary isn't busy.
Tom said that Mary is thirsty.
Tom said that Mary is retired.
Tom said that Mary is curious.
Tom said that Mary didn't win.
Tom said he heard Mary scream.
Tom said he felt the same way.
Tom said Mary told him to lie.
Tom never kisses Mary anymore.
Tom never intended to do that.
Tom never actually lied to me.
Tom needs to get out of there.
Tom needed to change his plan.
Tom moved to Boston last year.
Tom may buy a surfboard today.
Tom made a very wise decision.
Tom locked his bike to a tree.
Tom likes to play in the snow.
Tom likes chocolate ice cream.
Tom knows Mary didn't do that.
Tom knew that Mary was asleep.
Tom knew that I was terrified.
Tom knew that I was surprised.
Tom knew that I was skeptical.
Tom knew that I was satisfied.
Tom knew that I was miserable.
Tom knew that I was irritated.
Tom knew that I was in Boston.
Tom knew that I was impressed.
Tom knew that I was exhausted.
Tom knew that I was desperate.
Tom knew that I was depressed.
Tom knew that I was concerned.
Tom knew more than he told us.
Tom isn't wearing his uniform.
Tom isn't old enough to drink.
Tom isn't likely to stay long.
Tom isn't here at this moment.
Tom isn't going to work today.
Tom is wearing a blue sweater.
Tom is unaware that Mary lied.
Tom is trying to get in shape.
Tom is probably going to wait.
Tom is probably going to lose.
Tom is probably going to fail.
Tom is probably going to come.
Tom is playing basketball now.
Tom is never going to recover.
Tom is never going to give up.
Tom is never going to find it.
Tom is married to a biologist.
Tom is married to Mary's aunt.
Tom is likely unaware of that.
Tom is hiding in the basement.
Tom is happy with his new job.
Tom is going to win this game.
Tom is going to meet me later.
Tom is going to leave tonight.
Tom is going to join us later.
Tom is going to help us today.
Tom is going to go to college.
Tom is going to get well soon.
Tom is going to get here soon.
Tom is going to get back soon.
Tom is going to figure it out.
Tom is going to do that later.
Tom is going to do that alone.
Tom is going to come tomorrow.
Tom is going to call you soon.
Tom is going to be so jealous.
Tom is going to be here today.
Tom is going to be here later.
Tom is going to be frightened.
Tom is going to be back later.
Tom is going to be along soon.
Tom is going to ask Mary to wait.
Tom is aware of what Mary did.
Tom is a teacher and novelist.
Tom is a high school graduate.
Tom is Mary's only grandchild.
Tom hates being called stupid.
Tom has until 2:30 to do that.
Tom has no idea why Mary lied.
Tom has found a job in Boston.
Tom has been studying all day.
Tom has been skipping classes.
Tom has been coughing all day.
Tom has been asking for money.
Tom has asked us to help Mary.
Tom has a tattoo on his chest.
Tom had on shoes but no socks.
Tom gave me everything he had.
Tom found a good hiding place.
Tom forced Mary to eat a frog.
Tom explained why he did that.
Tom drove to Boston with Mary.
Tom doesn't like his new sofa.
Tom doesn't know who shot him.
Tom doesn't kiss Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't have an assistant.
Tom died from a gunshot wound.
Tom didn't want to go outside.
Tom didn't read Mary's letter.
Tom didn't know Mary was busy.
Tom didn't come to my concert.
Tom did very well on the exam.
Tom decided he had had enough.
Tom bought a new guitar today.
Tom begged me to go with Mary.
Tom asked me to buy some wine.
Tom asked me not to help Mary.
Tom asked me if I missed Mary.
Tom asked Mary to walk faster.
Tom asked Mary join his group.
Tom and Mary were both scared.
Tom and Mary were both afraid.
Tom and Mary are working hard.
Tom and Mary are very unhappy.
Tom and Mary are still eating.
Tom and Mary are here to stay.
This didn't cost me very much.
The food there was disgusting.
That's not what we need to do.
Thanks for washing the dishes.
Tell me what you have planned.
Tell Tom I'm going to do that.
Someday, I'll need to do that.
Someday, I'll have to do that.
October 20, 2014 was a Monday.
Now isn't the time to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has time.
Neither Tom nor Mary has left.
My flight will arrive at 2:30.
Maybe I could do that for you.
Mary was wearing a blue dress.
Mary never kisses her husband.
Make sure Tom doesn't do that.
Let me teach you how to drive.
Jackson is Mary's maiden name.
It's only going to get better.
It's definitely going to rain.
It's been raining all morning.
It was easy for us to do that.
It looks like it'll rain soon.
Is Tom really married to Mary?
I'm scared to death right now.
I'm going to buy a new camera.
I'm glad we did that together.
I'll be home all day tomorrow.
I'll be here until about 2:30.
I'd be willing to lie for you.
I wonder why Tom lies so much.
I won't ask Tom to lie for me.
I wish I hadn't let Tom drive.
I was hoping Tom would resign.
I wanted to lie, but I didn't.
I usually don't eat breakfast.
I tried to guess Tom's weight.
I think Tom won't forget that.
I think Tom will like it here.
I suggest you stop doing that.
I should've never lied to you.
I should've never lied to Tom.
I really want a cup of coffee.
I really need a cup of coffee.
I read that article last week.
I need to get home right away.
I knew Tom wouldn't lie to us.
I haven't done the dishes yet.
I have a house on Park Street.
I guess we should forgive Tom.
I guess I was kind of shocked.
I found it hard to lie to Tom.
I don't think Tom will resign.
I don't share your enthusiasm.
I don't ever kiss Tom anymore.
I almost kissed Tom yesterday.
How much wine do we have left?
How much support did Tom need?
How much support did Tom have?
How much more time do we have?
How much money will that take?
How much coffee did you drink?
How much coffee did Tom drink?
How much candy have you eaten?
How many pounds have you lost?
Dr. Jackson has many patients.
Does Tom want us to help Mary?
Does Tom want me to help Mary?
Didn't you kiss Tom yesterday?
Can you teach me how to drive?
You should go home and relax.
You may do whatever you like.
Would you help me carry this?
Why is Tom so good at French?
Why is Tom always so grouchy?
Why didn't you let Tom drive?
Why are you being nice to me?
Why are you always so sleepy?
Why are you always so grumpy?
Who's that woman kissing Tom?
Who did Tom ask to help Mary?
Where are Tom and Mary going?
When did you try hugging Tom?
When did you buy those shoes?
When did you and Tom do that?
What was Tom doing in Boston?
We won't be working tomorrow.
We both kissed Tom yesterday.
Tom's room smells really bad.
Tom's children must miss him.
Tom wouldn't try to stop you.
Tom wouldn't like doing that.
Tom wouldn't drive to Boston.
Tom wouldn't do that, either.
Tom would never let me drive.
Tom won't visit you tomorrow.
Tom won't think that's funny.
Tom won't show up here again.
Tom won't leave anytime soon.
Tom won't do that right away.
Tom won't be here to do that.
Tom won't be happy to see me.
Tom will wake up pretty soon.
Tom will never let you drive.
Tom will make a great father.
Tom will get you some coffee.
Tom will find out eventually.
Tom will eat with us tonight.
Tom will do that next summer.
Tom will come looking for me.
Tom will be on duty tomorrow.
Tom wasn't there to greet us.
Tom was too tired to do that.
Tom was on duty at that time.
Tom was married at that time.
Tom wants us to go with Mary.
Tom wants to live on his own.
Tom wants me to wait for him.
Tom wants me to go with Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to come home.
Tom told Mary about the fire.
Tom still hasn't fed the dog.
Tom stayed at home with Mary.
Tom spent all day doing that.
Tom shouldn't let Mary drive.
Tom shouldn't do it that way.
Tom seldom hugs Mary anymore.
Tom says he's had a hard day.
Tom says he'll help us today.
Tom says he understands Mary.
Tom says Mary is still alive.
Tom said that he wasn't sick.
Tom said that he wasn't rich.
Tom said that he wasn't hurt.
Tom said that he wasn't free.
Tom said that he wasn't done.
Tom said that he wasn't cold.
Tom said that he was worried.
Tom said that he was unlucky.
Tom said that he was stunned.
Tom said that he was starved.
Tom said that he was shocked.
Tom said that he was serious.
Tom said that he was retired.
Tom said that he was relaxed.
Tom said that he was puzzled.
Tom said that he was psychic.
Tom said that he was psyched.
Tom said that he was pleased.
Tom said that he was nervous.
Tom said that he was married.
Tom said that he was jealous.
Tom said that he was healthy.
Tom said that he was furious.
Tom said that he was excited.
Tom said that he was dubious.
Tom said that he was curious.
Tom said that he was baffled.
Tom said that he was annoyed.
Tom said that he was adopted.
Tom said that Mary was wrong.
Tom said that Mary was witty.
Tom said that Mary was upset.
Tom said that Mary was there.
Tom said that Mary was short.
Tom said that Mary was ready.
Tom said that Mary was picky.
Tom said that Mary was naive.
Tom said that Mary was moody.
Tom said that Mary was happy.
Tom said that Mary was fussy.
Tom said that Mary was funny.
Tom said that Mary was crazy.
Tom said that Mary was broke.
Tom said that Mary was brave.
Tom said that Mary was bossy.
Tom said that Mary was bored.
Tom said that Mary was blind.
Tom said that Mary was angry.
Tom said that Mary was alone.
Tom said that Mary might win.
Tom said that Mary might cry.
Tom said that Mary isn't shy.
Tom said that Mary is lonely.
Tom said nothing had changed.
Tom said it belonged to Mary.
Tom said he wanted a new car.
Tom said he had to help Mary.
Tom resigned on October 20th.
Tom refused to speak to Mary.
Tom refused to open the door.
Tom really enjoyed the movie.
Tom rarely hugs Mary anymore.
Tom predicted Mary would lie.
Tom polished my shoes for me.
Tom only listens to podcasts.
Tom now works as a bartender.
Tom now knows how to do that.
Tom never asks for more time.
Tom needs to see a therapist.
Tom needs to make some money.
Tom needs to check with Mary.
Tom needs to change his plan.
Tom needed to buy a new belt.
Tom looks pretty happy today.
Tom knows Mary is mad at him.
Tom knew that Mary was crazy.
Tom knew that I'd be on time.
Tom knew that I'd be curious.
Tom knew that I'd be careful.
Tom knew that I was unafraid.
Tom knew that I was offended.
Tom knew that I was homesick.
Tom knew that I was homeless.
Tom knew that I was confused.
Tom knew he should help Mary.
Tom knew Mary didn't do that.
Tom isn't used to doing this.
Tom isn't playing tennis now.
Tom isn't as wise as you are.
Tom is still on life support.
Tom is never going to change.
Tom is looking for a way out.
Tom is likely going to be OK.
Tom is going to win tomorrow.
Tom is going to win the race.
Tom is going to win for sure.
Tom is going to want to help.
Tom is going to wait for you.
Tom is going to stay with us.
Tom is going to protect Mary.
Tom is going to pay the bill.
Tom is going to need surgery.
Tom is going to let Mary win.
Tom is going to have to wait.
Tom is going to go to Boston.
Tom is going to get it fixed.
Tom is going to get homesick.
Tom is going to forgive Mary.
Tom is going to do that soon.
Tom is going to deal with it.
Tom is going to cook for you.
Tom is going to come with me.
Tom is going to come get you.
Tom is going to come by taxi.
Tom is going to come at 2:30.
Tom is going to be very hurt.
Tom is going to be done soon.
Tom is going to be depressed.
Tom is going to be back soon.
Tom is going to be a janitor.
Tom is from a wealthy family.
Tom is exceptionally unlucky.
Tom is a teacher's assistant.
Tom heard the water dripping.
Tom has started dating again.
Tom has never seen the ocean.
Tom has had enough of Boston.
Tom has family in the Boston.
Tom has been staying with us.
Tom has been skipping school.
Tom has been on duty all day.
Tom has been driving to work.
Tom has been arrested before.
Tom expected to be safe here.
Tom doesn't often drink wine.
Tom doesn't often drink beer.
Tom doesn't hug Mary anymore.
Tom didn't open the envelope.
Tom did that for three weeks.
Tom came near being run over.
Tom asked for his money back.
Tom apparently speaks French.
Tom and Mary were very lucky.
Tom and Mary were very happy.
Tom and Mary sometimes argue.
Tom and I know why Mary lied.
This furniture was expensive.
This furniture cost us a lot.
The fight was started by Tom.
The accident wasn't my fault.
That's all the French I know.
That wasn't what we expected.
Please teach me how to drive.
Please speak a little louder.
Our work here is almost done.
Not even Tom knows the truth.
Mary's husband must miss her.
Mary is your aunt, isn't she?
Mary is just like her mother.
It's our third day in Boston.
It's going to happen tonight.
It's going to be a long wait.
It's about time to go to bed.
Is this Tom Jackson's office?
Is it OK to call you tonight?
Is it OK if I kiss your wife?
Is it OK if I kiss you again?
I've heard so much about Tom.
I'm very sorry I lied to you.
I'm very sorry I lied to Tom.
I'm sorry that I lied to you.
I'm scared Tom won't like me.
I'm not really all that busy.
I'm glad I didn't lie to Tom.
I'll never forget doing that.
I'll need to do that someday.
I'll have to do that someday.
I'd rather do that on Monday.
I would've never lied to you.
I wonder if Tom will be there
I wish we hadn't lied to Tom.
I thought Tom your boyfriend.
I thought Tom had lied to me.
I think this is what we need.
I think Tom might lie to you.
I think Tom isn't very happy.
I think Tom is quite curious.
I think Tom is going to lose.
I know that Tom will help me.
I hope it doesn't snow today.
I hope it doesn't rain today.
I hope Tom isn't lying to us.
I hope Tom doesn't lie to us.
I have no desire to kiss Tom.
I guess we could forgive Tom.
I forgot to kiss Tom goodbye.
I find it hard to lie to Tom.
I don't think Tom lied to us.
I don't ever hug Tom anymore.
I don't care what Tom drinks.
How much yogurt should I buy?
How much will we need to pay?
How much will we have to pay?
How much money will you need?
How much money did you steal?
How much money did you spend?
How much money did Tom steal?
How much money did Tom spend?
How much coffee do you drink?
How much cheese should I buy?
How much butter should I buy?
How many pounds has Tom lost?
How many pounds did you lose?
How many pounds did Tom lose?
How long ago did you do that?
Have you ever seen Tom naked?
Have you and Tom ever kissed?
Don't wake me up before 2:30.
Don't tell Tom that I'm here.
Do you think Tom misses Mary?
Do those ladies speak French?
Breakfast will be ready soon.
You shouldn't let Tom drive.
You know Tom likes baseball.
Why is Tom being nice to me?
Why is Tom always so sleepy?
Why is Tom always so grumpy?
Why don't you let Tom drive?
Why did Tom get on that bus?
Why are you still unmarried?
Why are you always so tired?
Why are you always so quiet?
Why are you always so early?
Why are Tom's clothes dirty?
Who's that woman over there?
Who taught you how to drive?
Who does Tom think did that?
Who did Tom say kissed Mary?
Who did Tom say helped Mary?
Where does Tom teach French?
When did you buy this bread?
What's Tom's favorite drink?
What's Tom ever done to you?
What's Tom doing down there?
What did Tom bring for Mary?
What a terrible thing to do!
What Tom did surprised Mary.
Tom's shirt is really dirty.
Tom's mother is still alive.
Tom wouldn't likely do that.
Tom wouldn't leave us alone.
Tom worked at a music store.
Tom won't want to hear that.
Tom won't take tomorrow off.
Tom won't make Mary do that.
Tom won't like this one bit.
Tom won't like it very much.
Tom won't let Mary kiss him.
Tom won't eat with us today.
Tom won't do that right now.
Tom won't come live with us.
Tom won't buy that for Mary.
Tom will pick me up at 2:30.
Tom will paint his car blue.
Tom will make us very happy.
Tom will make a good father.
Tom will have to try harder.
Tom will have to pay for it.
Tom will handle that for us.
Tom will get himself killed.
Tom will explain it to Mary.
Tom will buy a new computer.
Tom will buy a blue sweater.
Tom will be very successful.
Tom will be out for a while.
Tom will be late today, too.
Tom will be here in an hour.
Tom went to bed an hour ago.
Tom was married at the time.
Tom wants us to go with him.
Tom wants us to follow Mary.
Tom wants me to lie for him.
Tom wants me to follow Mary.
Tom wanted me to visit Mary.
Tom wanted Mary to love him.
Tom waited for Mary at home.
Tom told me the baby's name.
Tom told Mary to stop lying.
Tom thinks Mary kissed John.
Tom still misses Mary a lot.
Tom showed Mary around town.
Tom should let me help Mary.
Tom should leave Mary alone.
Tom should hire a bodyguard.
Tom should get out of there.
Tom should apologize to you.
Tom says I should walk home.
Tom said that he'd be there.
Tom said that he'd be early.
Tom said that he wasn't sad.
Tom said that he was strong.
Tom said that he was single.
Tom said that he was scared.
Tom said that he was amused.
Tom said that he was afraid.
Tom said that he felt dizzy.
Tom said that Mary was ugly.
Tom said that Mary was thin.
Tom said that Mary was tall.
Tom said that Mary was sick.
Tom said that Mary was safe.
Tom said that Mary was rich.
Tom said that Mary was poor.
Tom said that Mary was nuts.
Tom said that Mary was nosy.
Tom said that Mary was nice.
Tom said that Mary was mean.
Tom said that Mary was lazy.
Tom said that Mary was deaf.
Tom said that Mary was cute.
Tom said that Mary was busy.
Tom said that Mary was back.
Tom said that Mary is angry.
Tom said he wants to retire.
Tom said he never hurt Mary.
Tom said he needed a change.
Tom refuses to get involved.
Tom refused to get involved.
Tom put his gun in the safe.
Tom persuaded Mary to drive.
Tom ordered Mary to do that.
Tom offered Mary some money.
Tom never hugs Mary anymore.
Tom never got to thank Mary.
Tom needs to listen to Mary.
Tom needs to buy a new belt.
Tom might buy a canoe today.
Tom met Mary in high school.
Tom looked through the hole.
Tom let me sit next to Mary.
Tom let Mary read his diary.
Tom left here at about 2:30.
Tom knows what he should do.
Tom knows that I'm ticklish.
Tom knows that I'm homesick.
Tom knows that I'm homeless.
Tom knows that I'm divorced.
Tom knows how Mary did that.
Tom knew that Mary was dead.
Tom knew that I was worried.
Tom knew that I was unlucky.
Tom knew that I was unhappy.
Tom knew that I was thirsty.
Tom knew that I was shocked.
Tom knew that I was serious.
Tom knew that I was puzzled.
Tom knew that I was outside.
Tom knew that I was nervous.
Tom knew that I was jealous.
Tom knew that I was furious.
Tom knew that I was excited.
Tom knew that I was curious.
Tom knew that I was correct.
Tom knew that I was annoyed.
Tom knew Mary needed to eat.
Tom keeps his gun in a safe.
Tom isn't too tired to work.
Tom isn't friends with Mary.
Tom isn't a college student.
Tom is never going to agree.
Tom is my aunt's ex-husband.
Tom is kind of good-looking.
Tom is interested in horses.
Tom is home alone with Mary.
Tom is going to see to that.
Tom is going to protect you.
Tom is going to leave early.
Tom is going to go with you.
Tom is going to get over it.
Tom is going to get married.
Tom is going to forgive you.
Tom is going to eat with us.
Tom is going to do the same.
Tom is going to do that now.
Tom is going to do it again.
Tom is going to do his best.
Tom is going to beat you up.
Tom is going to be arrested.
Tom is going to assist Mary.
Tom is going to arrive soon.
Tom is eager to participate.
Tom is driving a stolen car.
Tom is aware of Mary's past.
Tom is an authority on jazz.
Tom is a really hard worker.
Tom is a homicide detective.
Tom is a former firefighter.
Tom hopes Mary forgives him.
Tom hit Mary with a crowbar.
Tom helped Mary last Monday.
Tom helped Mary fix her car.
Tom heard the water running.
Tom heard the doorbell ring.
Tom hates eating by himself.
Tom has to get out of there.
Tom has been really nervous.
Tom has been expecting that.
Tom has a really nice voice.
Tom got in his car and left.
Tom gave Mary some medicine.
Tom forgot to buy batteries.
Tom doesn't think Mary lied.
Tom didn't show up for work.
Tom didn't answer my letter.
Tom could hear Mary talking.
Tom checked in to the hotel.
Tom cheated on today's exam.
Tom bought a one-way ticket.
Tom asked us to follow Mary.
Tom and Mary were very busy.
Tom and Mary were concerned.
Tom and Mary know John lied.
Tom and Mary have gone home.
Tom allowed us to help Mary.
This isn't a picture of Tom.
This is exactly what I need.
This is a picture of my car.
There's a crack in this cup.
There's a chance it'll snow.
There's a chance it'll rain.
The zoo isn't far from here.
The whole thing is my fault.
That's going to happen soon.
Should I try to do that now?
Should I tell Tom the truth?
Nothing bad happened to Tom.
Mary says she sings soprano.
Let's go get some ice cream.
It's not so easy to do that.
It's my third day in Boston.
It's going to take too long.
It's going to rain tomorrow.
It's going to rain for sure.
It's going to get dark soon.
It's going to be a nice day.
It's going to be a busy day.
It would be nice to do that.
Introduce me to your friend.
I've persuaded Tom to drive.
I'm sure Tom will like that.
I'm sure Tom will hate this.
I'm sorry that I kissed Tom.
I'm going to visit Tom soon.
I'll try to say it in French
I'll buy you a new umbrella.
I'd be surprised if Tom won.
I wonder why Tom lied to us.
I wonder where Tom was born.
I wonder how Tom will react.
I won't ever kiss Tom again.
I wish I'd never kissed Tom.
I think Tom is very curious.
I should've arrived earlier.
I really wanted to kiss Tom.
I really regret kissing Tom.
I read this book last night.
I let Tom kiss me yesterday.
I know you'd never lie to me
I know Tom won't lie to you.
I kissed Tom just yesterday.
I joined the team yesterday.
I hope Tom saw what you did.
I heard that you kissed Tom.
I hardly ever eat breakfast.
I had no desire to kiss Tom.
I enjoyed reading this book.
I dreamed about kissing Tom.
I doubt Tom will lie to you.
I don't care what you drink.
I didn't kiss Tom yesterday.
I definitely won't kiss Tom.
How much yogurt did you eat?
How much yogurt did you buy?
How much yogurt did Tom eat?
How much wine did you drink?
How much wine did Tom drink?
How much support do we have?
How much sugar should I buy?
How much money did you save?
How much money did Tom save?
How much money did Tom lose?
How much milk did you drink?
How much milk did Tom drink?
How much honey should I buy?
How much cheese did you eat?
How much cheese did you buy?
How much cheese did Tom eat?
How much candy should I buy?
How much butter did you buy?
How much bread should I buy?
How much beer did you drink?
How much beer did Tom drink?
How many uncles do you have?
How many people can you see?
Haven't you ever kissed Tom?
Have you made a reservation?
Has the snow melted already?
Does Tom know why Mary lied?
Does Tom have to work today?
Did you turn off the lights?
Are you sure Tom lied to us?
You'd be crazy to kiss Tom.
You must be Mary's husband.
Why shouldn't Tom hug Mary?
Why should I join the team?
Why not go and do that now?
Why is Tom still unmarried?
Why is Tom in such a hurry?
Why is Tom always so tired?
Why is Tom always so quiet?
Why is Tom always so happy?
Why is Tom always so early?
Why don't we order a pizza?
Why are your clothes dirty?
Why are you good at French?
Why are you always so slow?
Who did you eat lunch with?
Where did you and Tom stay?
Where can I rent a bicycle?
When did you buy this milk?
When did Tom join the team?
What's Tom going tell Mary?
What's Tom going show Mary?
What's Tom going to give Mary?
What did you and Tom drink?
We're fortunate to be here.
We think Tom will be ready.
We learned French together.
Tom's trial isn't over yet.
Tom's family must miss him.
Tom wouldn't stop fighting.
Tom wouldn't stop drinking.
Tom wouldn't help us today.
Tom wouldn't have a chance.
Tom wouldn't do the dishes.
Tom would stay if he could.
Tom would never lie to you.
Tom works at a music store.
Tom worked late last night.
Tom won't start doing that.
Tom won't see Mary anymore.
Tom won't likely kiss Mary.
Tom won't let you go there.
Tom won't let us help Mary.
Tom won't let me help Mary.
Tom won't hug Mary anymore.
Tom won't do that for Mary.
Tom won't be leaving today.
Tom will want to read this.
Tom will totally freak out.
Tom will take tomorrow off.
Tom will regret doing that.
Tom will make some changes.
Tom will love it in Boston.
Tom will like what you did.
Tom will have a great time.
Tom will do that this fall.
Tom will come live with us.
Tom will be with you today.
Tom will be late for class.
Tom will be famous someday.
Tom will be expecting that.
Tom will be back here soon.
Tom went to the drug store.
Tom went in that direction.
Tom wasn't upstairs in bed.
Tom wasn't in the basement.
Tom was able to trick Mary.
Tom was able to find a job.
Tom wants to join the team.
Tom wants to have some fun.
Tom wants to be pharmacist.
Tom wants me to coach Mary.
Tom wants Mary to help him.
Tom used to make fun of me.
Tom told Mary not to leave.
Tom thought Mary had a car.
Tom talked about the rules.
Tom suggested we walk home.
Tom spent all day studying.
Tom shouldn't go with Mary.
Tom should've stopped Mary.
Tom saw what was happening.
Tom said that he was wrong.
Tom said that he was upset.
Tom said that he was sorry.
Tom said that he was ready.
Tom said that he was naked.
Tom said that he was lucky.
Tom said that he was drunk.
Tom said that he was broke.
Tom said that he was bored.
Tom said that he was alone.
Tom said that Mary was shy.
Tom said that Mary was ill.
Tom said that Mary was fat.
Tom said that Mary is sick.
Tom said that Mary is safe.
Tom said that Mary is busy.
Tom said that Mary hit him.
Tom said he'd do that soon.
Tom said everything was OK.
Tom said Mary wasn't lying.
Tom needs to take a shower.
Tom needs to help us today.
Tom needs Mary to help him.
Tom must've studied French.
Tom must've seen something.
Tom lives near the airport.
Tom lives a few miles away.
Tom let Mary go home early.
Tom left his phone at home.
Tom knows that I'm married.
Tom knows a lot about cars.
Tom knows Mary kissed John.
Tom knew that I'd be early.
Tom knew that I'd be alone.
Tom knew that I was sleepy.
Tom knew that I was scared.
Tom knew that I was lonely.
Tom knew that I was hungry.
Tom knew that I was afraid.
Tom kissed Mary last night.
Tom isn't asking for money.
Tom is the one who's lying.
Tom is still at the clinic.
Tom is somewhere in Boston.
Tom is renovating his home.
Tom is reading in his room.
Tom is never going to quit.
Tom is married to a doctor.
Tom is in Boston with Mary.
Tom is going to work today.
Tom is going to leave soon.
Tom is going to go as well.
Tom is going to follow you.
Tom is going to come later.
Tom is going to come early.
Tom is going to bring help.
Tom is going to be worried.
Tom is going to be waiting.
Tom is going to be thirsty.
Tom is going to be starved.
Tom is going to be shocked.
Tom is going to be present.
Tom is going to be pleased.
Tom is going to be nervous.
Tom is going the wrong way.
Tom is Mary's only brother.
Tom helped Mary last night.
Tom hasn't taken his pills.
Tom hasn't shaved all week.
Tom has to change his plan.
Tom has never let me drive.
Tom has never been in jail.
Tom has been yelling a lot.
Tom has been ignoring Mary.
Tom has been denied parole.
Tom has another girlfriend.
Tom has a scar on his chin.
Tom goes jogging every day.
Tom gave me a nice present.
Tom failed his French test.
Tom doesn't let Mary drive.
Tom doesn't know Mary lied.
Tom didn't kiss Mary today.
Tom can't let Mary do that.
Tom came back this morning.
Tom begged me to help Mary.
Tom asked us to trust Mary.
Tom and Mary say John lied.
Tom and I both walked here.
Tom and I are here for you.
Those sunglasses are Tom's.
This wasn't very expensive.
This wasn't that expensive.
These are Tom's and Mary's.
That's what it's all about.
That's a bit too expensive.
That was really unpleasant.
Please don't let Tom drive.
My goal is to learn French.
It's unlikely Tom will win.
It's time for Tom to leave.
It's pretty cold, isn't it?
It's going to rain tonight.
It's going to be over soon.
It's going to be dark soon.
It seemed like a long time.
Is French taught at school?
I'm sure Tom will be there.
I'm not going to apologize.
I'm going to get ice cream.
I'm glad you're doing that.
I'm glad I didn't kiss Tom.
I'll give Tom your message.
I'd suggest not doing that.
I'd really like doing that.
I wonder what Tom will buy.
I tried to guess Tom's age.
I thought Tom was your husband.
I think that's Tom's house.
I think that this is Tom's.
I think Tom will get fired.
I think Tom will come back.
I think Tom told the truth.
I saw Tom driving your car.
I need to talk to you guys.
I need to go get a haircut.
I left Tom's house at 2:30.
I knew that you'd kiss Tom.
I hope you didn't kiss Tom.
I hope it's sunny tomorrow.
I hope Tom comes on Monday.
I haven't ever lied to you.
I hate standing on the bus.
I don't think I'd kiss Tom.
I don't regret kissing Tom.
I don't intend to kiss Tom.
I don't drink milk anymore.
I don't care what Tom buys.
I didn't actually kiss Tom.
How much sugar do you want?
How much sugar did you buy?
How much salt should I add?
How much milk should I buy?
How much honey did you buy?
How much do we need to pay?
How much candy did you eat?
How much candy did you buy?
How much candy did Tom eat?
How much bread did you eat?
How much bread did you buy?
How much beer should I buy?
How many aunts do you have?
How long did the rain last?
How long did the game last?
Do you still work with Tom?
Do you still live with Tom?
Didn't you hear Tom scream?
Did you make a reservation?
Did you kiss Tom yesterday?
Did Tom drink all the wine?
Can you drive me to school?
Are these Tom's and Mary's?
Your French is impeccable.
You'd better let me drive.
You know Tom likes Boston.
Would Tom ever lie to you?
Why wouldn't Tom hug Mary?
Why is Tom good at French?
Why is Tom always so busy?
Why don't we go to Boston?
Why doesn't Tom trust you?
Why did you let Tom drive?
Why did Tom join the team?
Who wants to learn French?
Who paid for these drinks?
Where were you in October?
When did you buy this hat?
What's Tom doing up there?
What's Tom doing nowadays?
What time is the last bus?
What a stupid thing to do!
What a rotten thing to do!
What Tom saw was shocking.
We're being very cautious.
We won't be here tomorrow.
We got lost in the forest.
We both drive sports cars.
Tom's father punished him.
Tom wouldn't let us leave.
Tom wouldn't let me drive.
Tom wouldn't ever do that.
Tom wouldn't do that here.
Tom wouldn't ask for help.
Tom won't make it on time.
Tom won't do that, I hope.
Tom won't do that with me.
Tom won't come here again.
Tom won't be staying long.
Tom won't argue with Mary.
Tom will take care of you.
Tom will need our support.
Tom will make a complaint.
Tom will love living here.
Tom will likely walk home.
Tom will let Mary do that.
Tom will get through this.
Tom will explain it to me.
Tom will call you tonight.
Tom will be late for work.
Tom wasn't really nervous.
Tom wasn't really excited.
Tom wasn't in his bedroom.
Tom was very good to Mary.
Tom was too tired to work.
Tom was nice on the phone.
Tom was busy at that time.
Tom was able to fool Mary.
Tom wants to leave Boston.
Tom trusted his instincts.
Tom trusted Mary too much.
Tom told us what happened.
Tom thought Mary had died.
Tom thinks it was a prank.
Tom still has his coat on.
Tom should let Mary drive.
Tom says he misses Boston.
Tom said that he was sick.
Tom said that he was safe.
Tom said that he was rich.
Tom said that he was poor.
Tom said that he was next.
Tom said that he was hurt.
Tom said that he was full.
Tom said that he was free.
Tom said that he was done.
Tom said that he was cold.
Tom said that Mary was OK.
Tom said that Mary snored.
Tom said that Mary is shy.
Tom said that Mary is mad.
Tom said he felt nauseous.
Tom recognized Mary's car.
Tom ran a good race today.
Tom planted these flowers.
Tom ought to take a break.
Tom ought to go with Mary.
Tom now works at a bakery.
Tom never kisses his wife.
Tom needs us to help Mary.
Tom needs to take a break.
Tom needs to go with Mary.
Tom might drive to Boston.
Tom might be lying to you.
Tom lives alone in Boston.
Tom lied to me about that.
Tom let me stay with Mary.
Tom knows who killed Mary.
Tom knows we believe Mary.
Tom knew that he was safe.
Tom knew that he was lost.
Tom knew that Mary was OK.
Tom knew that I'd be late.
Tom knew that I was upset.
Tom knew that I was tired.
Tom knew that I was right.
Tom knew that I was ready.
Tom knew that I was drunk.
Tom knew that I was broke.
Tom knew that I was bored.
Tom knew that I was awake.
Tom knew that I was angry.
Tom knew Mary was unhappy.
Tom knew Mary was thirsty.
Tom kissed Mary yesterday.
Tom isn't very well liked.
Tom isn't upstairs in bed.
Tom isn't my boss anymore.
Tom isn't getting married.
Tom is very upset by this.
Tom is coming this Monday.
Tom is living near Boston.
Tom is going to need that.
Tom is going to hate that.
Tom is going to handle it.
Tom is going to find Mary.
Tom is going to cooperate.
Tom is going to catch you.
Tom is going to call back.
Tom is going to buy bread.
Tom is going to be scared.
Tom is going to be lonely.
Tom is going to be afraid.
Tom is going to be a cook.
Tom is going to bat third.
Tom is going to assist me.
Tom is an assistant coach.
Tom is a very wealthy guy.
Tom is a talented pianist.
Tom is a talented painter.
Tom hired me to help Mary.
Tom helped Mary get ready.
Tom heard a noise outside.
Tom hasn't paid his taxes.
Tom has to listen to Mary.
Tom has something for you.
Tom has scars on his legs.
Tom has lost his passport.
Tom has lied to us before.
Tom has been sleepwalking.
Tom has been kissing Mary.
Tom has a very deep voice.
Tom has a key to my house.
Tom has a brand-new truck.
Tom had a tough childhood.
Tom gave Mary his address.
Tom fixed his car himself.
Tom doesn't remember much.
Tom doesn't need to worry.
Tom didn't let Mary drive.
Tom didn't get much sleep.
Tom could freeze to death.
Tom came with his brother.
Tom came home soaking wet.
Tom came and picked me up.
Tom called me last Monday.
Tom bought a box of nails.
Tom asked us to help Mary.
Tom almost never asks why.
Those sunglasses are mine.
There's bread in the oven.
Talking to Tom won't help.
My flight arrived at 2:30.
Maybe it'll rain tomorrow.
Mary said Tom was her son.
Mary might be Tom's niece.
Let's go horseback riding.
It's pretty hot, isn't it?
It's nice here in the sun.
It's going to take months.
It's been snowing all day.
Is your father's name Tom?
I've never seen Tom naked.
I'm tired of lying to Tom.
I'm not going to kiss Tom.
I'm not at liberty to say.
I'm glad Tom will help us.
I'm already pretty sleepy.
I'll be thirty in October.
I'd never let Tom kiss me.
I'd never ever lie to you.
I wonder why is Tom lying.
I told Tom we'd help Mary.
I think Tom will call you.
I think Tom should resign.
I think Tom is a nice guy.
I slept through the alarm.
I seldom kiss Tom anymore.
I need to ask Tom a favor.
I met Tom at Mary's house.
I know Tom will hate this.
I know Tom has lied to us.
I hope Tom wins on Monday.
I don't like French class.
I don't know why Tom lied.
I don't care what you buy.
I can't believe it myself.
How much wine did you buy?
How much money do we have?
How much milk do you want?
How much milk did you buy?
How much jam should I buy?
How much honey do we have?
How much food did you buy?
How much cake did you eat?
How much cake did Tom eat?
How much beer did you buy?
How many dogs do you have?
French is my best subject.
Don't tell Tom where I am.
Don't give Tom my address.
Do you still work for Tom?
Didn't you see Tom's face?
Did Tom drink all of that?
Could Tom have lied to us?
Could I see your passport?
You should've hugged Tom.
You should let Tom drive.
You may do what you like.
You can do what you like.
Would you like a receipt?
Why were you so offended?
Why was Tom hugging Mary?
Why didn't Tom kiss Mary?
Why are you back so soon?
Who told Tom to hug Mary?
Who did Tom say hit Mary?
Where were you on Monday?
What's the matter, honey?
What do think about that?
What did you and Tom eat?
Were you speaking French?
We're running out of air.
We won't ever lie to you.
Tom's wife must miss him.
Tom's car is really nice.
Tom wouldn't tell me why.
Tom wouldn't let me talk.
Tom wouldn't let Mary go.
Tom wouldn't leave early.
Tom won't wait that long.
Tom won't try to do that.
Tom won't see Mary again.
Tom won't let Mary drive.
Tom won't leave tomorrow.
Tom won't come back here.
Tom woke Mary up at 6:30.
Tom will tell us a story.
Tom will quit doing that.
Tom will propose to Mary.
Tom will miss his flight.
Tom will meet Mary today.
Tom will love this place.
Tom will love doing that.
Tom will love being here.
Tom will like this place.
Tom will like doing that.
Tom will like being here.
Tom will kill all of you.
Tom will get better soon.
Tom will find the answer.
Tom will cross the river.
Tom will call you a taxi.
Tom will call the police.
Tom will buy a new cello.
Tom will be so surprised.
Tom will be leaving soon.
Tom will be here all day.
Tom will be driving home.
Tom will ask you to help.
Tom went to wake Mary up.
Tom wasn't very outgoing.
Tom was here at the time.
Tom was busy at the time.
Tom trusts Mary too much.
Tom told us you hit Mary.
Tom told us what he knew.
Tom told me you hit Mary.
Tom still wants to leave.
Tom should help us today.
Tom sent flowers to Mary.
Tom says he lied to Mary.
Tom said that he was sad.
Tom said that he was mad.
Tom said he had to leave.
Tom refused to let me in.
Tom paid Mary to do that.
Tom ought to stay in bed.
Tom ought to go home now.
Tom ordered three pizzas.
Tom often drives to work.
Tom now knows what to do.
Tom never asks questions.
Tom never asked for help.
Tom needs to stay in bed.
Tom needs to go home now.
Tom must know what to do.
Tom must be missing Mary.
Tom knows that Mary lied.
Tom knew that I was sick.
Tom knew that I was here.
Tom knew that I was cold.
Tom knew that I was busy.
Tom knew Mary was lonely.
Tom kissed Mary on the lips.
Tom kept a straight face.
Tom isn't really nervous.
Tom isn't really excited.
Tom isn't in his bedroom.
Tom is very good to Mary.
Tom is still dating Mary.
Tom is our family doctor.
Tom is going to thank me.
Tom is going to stop you.
Tom is going to miss you.
Tom is going to hear you.
Tom is going to go first.
Tom is going to get help.
Tom is going to find you.
Tom is going to find out.
Tom is going to complain.
Tom is going to be ready.
Tom is going to be happy.
Tom is going to be early.
Tom is going to be alone.
Tom is expecting company.
Tom is being blackmailed.
Tom is at home with Mary.
Tom is a resourceful guy.
Tom hid in the tool shed.
Tom heard voices outside.
Tom hates his stepfather.
Tom hated his stepfather.
Tom has told Mary to lie.
Tom has to help us today.
Tom has sold his company.
Tom has been dating Mary.
Tom has been apprehended.
Tom has a new motorcycle.
Tom got home at midnight.
Tom gets along with Mary.
Tom gave Mary some water.
Tom expected Mary to lie.
Tom doesn't have a phone.
Tom doesn't care anymore.
Tom didn't want to argue.
Tom didn't say Mary lied.
Tom didn't help us today.
Tom collects comic books.
Tom came home last night.
Tom and Mary were scared.
Tom and Mary raised John.
Tom and Mary didn't kiss.
Tom always has an excuse.
Tom also lived in Boston.
Those children are Tom's.
This isn't Tom's picture.
The weather's been great.
The traffic was terrible.
My dog tried to bite Tom.
My French isn't that bad.
Maybe Tom asked Mary to lie.
Mary says she sings alto.
It's going to take hours.
It's going to snow today.
It wasn't worth the risk.
It rained three days ago.
It isn't snowing anymore.
It isn't raining anymore.
It didn't cost that much.
I'm sure today is Monday.
I'm still in high school.
I'm not really very busy.
I'm happy with the price.
I'm already pretty tired.
I'll have to talk to Tom.
I'd love a cup of coffee.
I won't kiss Tom anymore.
I won't be home tomorrow.
I thought Mary was your wife.
I think Tom won't resign.
I think Tom will love it.
I think Tom will confess.
I really liked this book.
I persuaded Tom to drive.
I never kiss Tom anymore.
I never could lie to Tom.
I haven't yet kissed Tom.
I have a house in Boston.
I hate driving to Boston.
I don't kiss Tom anymore.
I didn't really kiss Tom.
I dared Tom to kiss Mary.
How much pie did you eat?
How much pie did Tom eat?
How much jam did you buy?
How much food do we have?
How do you think you did?
How did you become blind?
How can we join the team?
How about doing that now?
Does Tom think Mary lied?
Did you actually hug Tom?
Did you actually kiss Tom?
Did Tom eat all the stew?
Boston is where I'm from.
You seem a little young.
You know Tom likes cars.
You know Tom likes beer.
You know Tom likes Mary.
You can't do that today.
Would you ever kiss Tom?
Why won't Tom kiss Mary?
Why were you handcuffed?
Why should Tom hug Mary?
Why is Tom still single?
Why is Tom so exhausted?
Why is Tom back so soon?
Why didn't you kiss Tom?
Why didn't Tom hug Mary?
Why did you talk to Tom?
Why are you up so early?
Who paid for the coffee?
Where did Tom meet Mary?
What's that awful noise?
What does the label say?
What did you and Tom do?
What are you doing, Tom?
What a mean thing to do!
We're both the same age.
We saw Tom kissing Mary.
We know Tom kissed Mary.
Tom's real name is John.
Tom wouldn't let me pay.
Tom wouldn't drink that.
Tom won't let you drive.
Tom won't know about it.
Tom won't help, will he?
Tom won't help us today.
Tom won't buy a new car.
Tom won't buy Mary that.
Tom will try doing that.
Tom will sell his house.
Tom will see Mary today.
Tom will need your help.
Tom will let Mary drive.
Tom will give us a ride.
Tom will come and visit.
Tom will be out of town.
Tom will be out a while.
Tom will be heartbroken.
Tom will be an engineer.
Tom wasn't really tired.
Tom wasn't kissing Mary.
Tom was on the bus, too.
Tom was also on the bus.
Tom wants what Mary has.
Tom wanted to eat pizza.
Tom tried to trick Mary.
Tom took these pictures.
Tom should take a break.
Tom should do something.
Tom seems to be missing.
Tom says that Mary lied.
Tom saw me kissing Mary.
Tom said that he was OK.
Tom said that Mary lied.
Tom said that Mary left.
Tom said he felt scared.
Tom said Mary might lie.
Tom probably lied to us.
Tom planted these trees.
Tom packed his suitcase.
Tom never did like Mary.
Tom never asks for help.
Tom may drive to Boston.
Tom made a few mistakes.
Tom left Boston in 2013.
Tom knows why Mary lied.
Tom knows who shot Mary.
Tom knows we trust Mary.
Tom knows how Mary died.
Tom knew that I was sad.
Tom knew that I was mad.
Tom knew Mary was tired.
Tom isn't very outgoing.
Tom isn't seriously ill.
Tom isn't leaving today.
Tom is shy around girls.
Tom is really different.
Tom is planning a party.
Tom is helping us today.
Tom is going to sue you.
Tom is going to succeed.
Tom is going to sign it.
Tom is going to show up.
Tom is going to say yes.
Tom is going to save us.
Tom is going to recover.
Tom is going to like me.
Tom is going to improve.
Tom is going to go home.
Tom is going to give up.
Tom is going to get one.
Tom is going to find us.
Tom is going to fill in.
Tom is going to explain.
Tom is going to do well.
Tom is going to be next.
Tom is going to be back.
Tom is eating leftovers.
Tom is college-educated.
Tom is cleaning his gun.
Tom is a naive teenager.
Tom hid in the bathroom.
Tom heard a car pull up.
Tom hasn't even started.
Tom hasn't been shaving.
Tom has to go with Mary.
Tom has joined the team.
Tom has apparently died.
Tom got here after Mary.
Tom enjoys teasing Mary.
Tom doesn't trust women.
Tom didn't say you lied.
Tom didn't let me drive.
Tom can't help us today.
Tom came to rescue Mary.
Tom bought a microscope.
That's not what Tom did.
Stay here. I'll be back.
Perhaps Tom kissed Mary.
Mary is a gorgeous girl.
It's past Tom's bedtime.
It was quite disgusting.
It was a total surprise.
Isn't Tom in Boston now?
Is your name really Tom?
Is Tom really your boss?
Is Mary your girlfriend?
I'm already pretty busy.
I'll buy a new umbrella.
I'd never let Tom drive.
I'd drive if Tom let me.
I won't ever lie to you.
I wish you'd stop lying.
I was going to tell Tom.
I think it'll rain soon.
I think Tom will resign.
I think Tom kissed Mary.
I should drive you home.
I never thought I'd win.
I know what Tom will do.
I kissed Tom once again.
I hope Tom will help us.
I don't like that stuff.
I didn't ask Tom to lie.
How much coffee is left?
How much butter is left?
How could Tom lie to us?
How can I join the team?
How are you two related?
Have you found your key?
Has Tom eaten lunch yet?
Finding Tom wasn't easy.
Can you fix this or not?
Can Tom stay for dinner?
Are you saying Tom lied?
You must be Tom's wife.
Will you let Tom drive?
Why would Tom hug Mary?
Why won't Tom hug Mary?
Why don't you kiss Tom?
Why are you so unhappy?
Whose gloves are those?
Who knows why Tom lied?
Where is French spoken?
When did Tom meet Mary?
When did Tom kiss Mary?
What did you buy today?
We've learned a lesson.
We've both lied to you.
We're not lying to you.
We wouldn't lie to you.
We regret lying to you.
We know Tom lied to us.
Tom's luck has run out.
Tom's legs are swollen.
Tom's house is a wreck.
Tom wouldn't like this.
Tom wouldn't let us go.
Tom wouldn't kiss Mary.
Tom worries about Mary.
Tom worried about Mary.
Tom won't listen to us.
Tom won't like it here.
Tom won't let me drive.
Tom won't buy anything.
Tom won't buy a camera.
Tom won't believe this.
Tom won't be gone long.
Tom will stop by today.
Tom will run for mayor.
Tom will paint his car.
Tom will need one, too.
Tom will love you guys.
Tom will help us today.
Tom will have to do it.
Tom will go to college.
Tom will call the cops.
Tom will be very upset.
Tom will be very angry.
Tom will be there, too.
Tom will be really mad.
Tom will be late again.
Tom will be happy here.
Tom will be doing that.
Tom will be devastated.
Tom will be back later.
Tom went out with Mary.
Tom went fishing today.
Tom was tempted to lie.
Tom was really nervous.
Tom was pretty nervous.
Tom was in his bedroom.
Tom was in Boston then.
Tom was expecting that.
Tom wants to help Mary.
Tom wants to eat pizza.
Tom tried to fool Mary.
Tom told me you'd died.
Tom still has a chance.
Tom should go home now.
Tom sent these flowers.
Tom says he sings bass.
Tom saw Mary with John.
Tom said that Mary won.
Tom said he felt dizzy.
Tom ought to apologize.
Tom needs to apologize.
Tom might not be lying.
Tom knows Mary cheated.
Tom knew Mary was sick.
Tom knew Mary was busy.
Tom isn't ready to die.
Tom isn't often absent.
Tom isn't kissing Mary.
Tom is worse than Mary.
Tom is prepared to die.
Tom is obviously happy.
Tom is much better now.
Tom is just a teenager.
Tom is going to try it.
Tom helped Mary get up.
Tom has had a hard day.
Tom has got to do that.
Tom was very hurt.
Tom ended up in Boston.
Tom drives a black car.
Tom drank way too much.
Tom didn't win a medal.
Tom didn't let me talk.
Tom didn't go very far.
Tom bought Mary a ring.
Tom blamed his parents.
Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom admitted he'd lied.
Those horses are Tom's.
Those gloves are Tom's.
Perhaps Tom lied to us.
Nice weather, isn't it?
Mary needs a new dress.
Mary is a good actress.
Mary ironed her blouse.
It might snow tomorrow.
It could snow tomorrow.
It could rain tomorrow.
Is Tom married to Mary?
I've had all I can eat.
I'm sure Tom will help.
I'm going to leave Tom.
I won't kiss Tom today.
I won't kiss Tom again.
I suppose Tom will lie.
I should've hugged Tom.
I seldom drive to work.
I never drive anywhere.
I might kiss Tom today.
I kissed Tom yesterday.
I hope Tom kissed Mary.
I hope Tom isn't lying.
I hate it when you lie.
I got lost coming here.
I do that for a living.
I didn't let Tom drive.
I bet Tom will do that.
How much water is left?
How much honey is left?
How much candy is left?
How much bread is left?
Did you hurt your knee?
You're not to do that.
Would you like a pillow?
Why is Tom so unlucky?
Why is Tom so grouchy?
Why is Tom so excited?
Why is Tom so annoyed?
Why did Tom kiss Mary?
Why are you skeptical?
Whose horses are those?
When did you kiss Tom?
We're thinking of you.
We both know Tom lied.
Tom's mother is dying.
Tom wouldn't eat that.
Tom won't forget that.
Tom will try it again.
Tom will teach French.
Tom will study French.
Tom will protect Mary.
Tom will need my help.
Tom will love it here.
Tom will look into it.
Tom will live with us.
Tom will like it here.
Tom will get punished.
Tom will fit right in.
Tom will do just fine.
Tom will contact Mary.
Tom will come get you.
Tom will check it out.
Tom will be with Mary.
Tom will be very hurt.
Tom will be mad at us.
Tom will be locked up.
Tom will be in charge.
Tom will be exhausted.
Tom will be a teacher.
Tom was really hungry.
Tom stopped the truck.
Tom still misses Mary.
Tom says he won't die.
Tom said he might die.
Tom opened the closet.
Tom only won one race.
Tom made me help Mary.
Tom left work at 2:30.
Tom kissed Mary today.
Tom isn't on duty now.
Tom isn't in his tent.
Tom isn't dating Mary.
Tom is really nervous.
Tom is probably dying.
Tom is pretty nervous.
Tom is playing tennis.
Tom is obviously busy.
Tom is new to the job.
Tom is in his room.
Tom is going to agree.
Tom is expecting that.
Tom is a trial lawyer.
Tom hugged Mary again.
Tom heard a door slam.
Tom has moved back in.
Tom has been punished.
Tom has a new bicycle.
Tom got sick and died.
Tom got his car fixed.
Tom could hear sirens.
Tom continued to talk.
Tom can't change that.
Tom can help us today.
Tom asked me who died.
Tom and I lied to you.
Those horses are mine.
Those gloves are mine.
Those boots are Tom's.
The food is wonderful.
That's not what I did.
So, what do we do now?
Our house burned down.
May I kiss Mary today?
Mary left her husband.
Let me buy you dinner.
It rained last Monday.
It rained all weekend.
I'm very sorry I lied.
I'm heading to Boston.
I'm headed for Boston.
I'm doing Tom a favor.
I won't let you drive.
I won't let Tom drive.
I used to drive a BMW.
I really regret lying.
I know you kissed Tom.
I knew you'd kiss Tom.
I hope it rains today.
I found that exciting.
I can't let you drive.
How old is this bread?
How much wine is left?
How much milk is left?
How much food is left?
How much cake is left?
How much beer is left?
Don't forget your hat.
Did you find your key?
Can you join the team?
Boston is my hometown.
Are you busy tomorrow?
Why is Tom so grumpy?
Why is Tom so afraid?
Why did Tom hug Mary?
Why can't I kiss you?
Tom won't try to win.
Tom won't protect me.
Tom won't go with us.
Tom won't catch Mary.
Tom will wait for us.
Tom will try to help.
Tom will love Boston.
Tom will handle that.
Tom will go with you.
Tom will go see Mary.
Tom will be executed.
Tom will be a doctor.
Tom was married then.
Tom was kissing Mary.
Tom told me you lied.
Tom thinks Mary lied.
Tom swims quite well.
Tom saw me kiss Mary.
Tom needs to be fair.
Tom might lie to you.
Tom just kissed Mary.
Tom isn't home a lot.
Tom is the one dying.
Tom is still snoring.
Tom is six foot tall.
Tom is likely to die.
Tom is in your house.
Tom is ignoring Mary.
Tom is good at lying.
Tom is going to wait.
Tom is going to stay.
Tom is going to quit.
Tom is going to help.
Tom is going to fail.
Tom is going to cook.
Tom is fishing today.
Tom hugged Mary, too.
Tom has finally died.
Tom has already died.
Tom fixed Mary's car.
Tom dislikes walking.
Tom called me a liar.
Tom admitted he lied.
Those boots are mine.
That umbrella's mine.
Should I wake Tom up?
May I kiss you again?
Let me walk you home.
It's stopped snowing.
It's past my bedtime.
It's nice in the sun.
It's going to be hot.
I'm still in college.
I'll sweep the floor.
I'd never lie to you.
I think Tom loves me.
I regret that I lied.
I know that you lied.
I know that Tom lied.
I hated lying to Tom.
How much pie is left?
Even Tom hugged Mary.
Didn't Tom kiss Mary?
Can we join the team?
Can I kiss you again?
Would Tom lie to us?
Why is Tom so upset?
Why is Tom so early?
Why can't I hug Tom?
Why are you excited?
Who told Tom to lie?
Who let the dog out?
We won't lie to you.
Unwrap it carefully.
Tom would've walked.
Tom won't stop Mary.
Tom won't stay long.
Tom won't marry you.
Tom won't leave you.
Tom won't kiss Mary.
Tom won't come home.
Tom won't call Mary.
Tom won't apologize.
Tom will need these.
Tom will enjoy this.
Tom wasn't captured.
Tom still might die.
Tom stayed upstairs.
Tom regretted lying.
Tom might kiss Mary.
Tom locked his door.
Tom knows Mary died.
Tom is often absent.
Tom is a supervisor.
Tom helped us today.
Tom has a new truck.
Tom fell out of bed.
Tom drove to Boston.
Tom doesn't want me.
Tom definitely lied.
Tom brought me home.
That's a bit pricey.
Mary looks stunning.
Let's go home early.
Let's go have lunch.
It rained all night.
Is Tom your husband?
I've injured myself.
I'm not kidding you.
I like French class.
I know why Tom lied.
I hate lying to Tom.
I felt pretty lucky.
Don't let Tom drive.
Can I join the team?
Are you missing Tom?
Why is Tom so slow?
Why are you sleepy?
Who paid for lunch?
Who let the dog in?
We're still eating.
We're invited, too.
We love this house.
Tom's dog has died.
Tom won't leave us.
Tom won't be happy.
Tom will try again.
Tom will tell Mary.
Tom will stay here.
Tom will regret it.
Tom will like that.
Tom will kiss Mary.
Tom will get fired.
Tom will be hungry.
Tom will be famous.
Tom will be bummed.
Tom said Mary lied.
Tom really did die.
Tom never asks why.
Tom must miss Mary.
Tom might be dying.
Tom made a fortune.
Tom loves gambling.
Tom knows who died.
Tom is pretty cool.
Tom is in your car.
Tom is in his tent.
Tom is a dog lover.
Tom has to be fair.
Tom has bodyguards.
Tom has a new boss.
Tom did his chores.
Tom changed trains.
Tom can't stop now.
Tell Tom I'm tired.
It's going to heal.
It's going to burn.
I'm really thirsty.
I'm really nervous.
I'll let you drive.
I'll let Tom drive.
I now regret lying.
I kissed Tom again.
I hope Tom resigns.
I got this on sale.
I call Boston home.
Why are you early?
Tom wouldn't care.
Tom won't risk it.
Tom won't make it.
Tom won't hurt us.
Tom won't hurt me.
Tom won't confess.
Tom will have fun.
Tom will get hurt.
Tom will enjoy it.
Tom will beat you.
Tom will be sorry.
Tom went in there.
Tom was trembling.
Tom was here then.
Tom was busy then.
Tom shot the wolf.
Tom saw Mary fall.
Tom probably died.
Tom might've died.
Tom might not die.
Tom may have died.
Tom looked closer.
Tom let Mary talk.
Tom is in the van.
Tom is free to go.
Tom has moved out.
Tom has a rowboat.
Tom has a high IQ.
Tom got home late.
Tom cried all day.
Tom can show Mary.
Tom came to visit.
It's a bit chilly.
Is Mary your wife?
I regretted lying.
I also kissed Tom.
How disappointing!
Does Tom eat meat?
Could I get a hug?
Classes end today.
Why is Tom early?
Who's that woman?
Tom wouldn't eat.
Tom wouldn't cry.
Tom won't see me.
Tom won't say no.
Tom won't resign.
Tom won't object.
Tom won't change.
Tom will pay you.
Tom will miss me.
Tom will be late.
Tom was captured.
Tom needed to go.
Tom must've died.
Tom let me drive.
Tom is very hurt.
Tom is trembling.
Tom got up early.
Tom didn't leave.
That book's mine.
Please go faster.
My French is bad.
Music is my life.
It's a good sign.
I won't kiss Tom.
I want Tom to go.
I didn't hug Tom.
Hang on a moment.
Tom will say no.
Tom ought to go.
Tom never cooks.
Tom made coffee.
Tom looked pale.
Tom kept trying.
Tom has secrets.
Tom got wounded.
Tom already ate.
Please trust me.
Tom won't lose.
Tom won't help.
Tom moved away.
It's a big job.
I'm not a poet.
I love driving.
I hate driving.
Tom won't die.
Tom had to go.
Let Tom drive.
Even Tom lied.
We all stood.
You've lost.
Tom may die.
Tom hurt me.
We all lie.
You lost.
The duck eats pineapple.
The duck will eat pineapple.
The duck ate pineapple.
It was Detective Sami Bakir that served Farid with the restraining order.
A snake bit me.
"Where did the snake bite you?" "Just here on my leg."
Your whole life is a complete disaster.
You have to go and get some rest.
Pack my things and I'll send for them later on.
Sami will have you find work.
Sami wants you to tell the whole truth.
Make Sami love you.
Sami loves me and it's not just because of my looks.
That will be your only salvation.
I don't want your excuse.
This isn't a good place to talk.
We can't talk out on the street.
Let's go to my apartment.
Layla has to accept her motherhood.
Sami came into Layla's life.
Sami changed Layla's life completely.
It could have been another person.
Sami has always talked about Layla with lots of respect.
It was supposed to be the happiest day in my life.
I shouldn't have opened my big mouth.
Sami messed up Layla's life.
I want to be with you for the rest of my life.
My life is yours.
For a long time, my life has been yours.
I can't give you my life, Sami, because for a long time, it has been yours.
Layla is expecting a child.
Sami was burned beyond recognition.
Sami was legally dead.
Sami had a gun to his head.
Sami doesn't remember the rest.
Sami went back to his house.
Your kids cried for you.
Sami used to beg for money on the street.
Sami wanted to cover up his failures.
Sami's family went through a very rough time.
Sami missed his wife and children.
Sami is my own flesh and blood.
Sami came between Layla and me.
Sami hit his wife.
Sami is such a coward.
Layla is the mother of my children.
Sami sacrificed his whole life for Layla.
Sami kept unloading the things.
Sami is looking for his wife.
Sami came to deliver these things to you.
Sami gave a donation to the orphanage.
Sami sent Layla some books.
May the Lord protect us.
How dare you tell me such a thing.
Sami drove Layla to a rehabilitation clinic.
Sami saw Layla in Farid's arms.
Sami deserted his wife and children.
When Sami deserted Layla, she was already pregnant.
Sami was born a long time after I deserted Layla. He's not my son.
Sami is just another burden for Layla.
Sami can still remember the exact words Layla told him.
Sami had to ask for some money.
Sami was falling down drunk.
Sami didn't want Layla to know where he was going that time.
Sami didn't want to stop drinking.
Sami's kids were starting to notice that he was a heavy drinker.
Sami really needed to see a doctor.
Sami promised Layla he wouldn't say anything.
I think I'm pregnant again.
When Sami and Layla got married, she was already pregnant with Farid.
It all vanished into thin air.
Sami and Layla were just a ball and chain for Farid.
Sami was just trying to protect Layla.
The only thing that mattered to Sami was his family's happiness.
Layla could be your daughter.
Sami disappeared from Layla's life.
Sami made absolutely scandalous insinuations.
Layla is your daughter.
I hope that God will forgive you.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive Sami.
You know what? You're beautiful.
See what I've got for you.
It would have been better if I hadn't seen you again.
Sami felt so impotent.
Feel free to call whenever you need anything.
"Feel free to call whenever you need me." "That's kind of you, Doctor."
It's only a personal opinion.
Sometimes Sami exaggerates.
Sami lives in a remote part of the country.
This is just a personal opinion.
Doctor Sami Bakir is working on the epidemic.
Layla should serve dinner now.
There is nothing to translate today.
I translated all the documents yesterday.
I have finished translating the report.
Is there anything important to translate this morning?
Is there anything urgent to translate today?
Sami works for a renowned translation office.
Sami is the director of a renowned translation office.
Sami teaches translation techniques at a renowed translation institute.
Tell me what proof you have to support these claims of yours?
How long do we have to wait?
Sami thought Layla was mad.
Sami came here and made a scandal.
You are already dead!
I devour one detective story after another.
I devour one crime novel after another.
You could collect money for a good cause as a living statue on the marketplace.
I don't remember when I last cleaned it.
I slept in my car.
I slept in my office.
I need you to exit the car, please.
How can I ever repay you?
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem.
This modern building is ugly.
This old building is charming.
This artist is pretentious.
Tom lost everything in a series of bad investments.
Tom lost everything and then started over.
Mary regularly visited Tom in federal prison.
Tom has an allowance.
Tom perjured himself.
Hey, look at me!
Since you have a sore throat and a fever, you should probably stay in bed.
Sami was less experienced.
"Do you love me?" "Yes, with all my heart."
I don't know how far you want us to go.
I sometimes have the feeling that I have known Sami all my life.
I just need some peace and quiet.
Sami invited Layla upstairs.
I see this as an act of rebellion against your parents.
You're the best thing that ever happened.
"He's a thug." "Don't call him that."
I won't be insulted like this.
How can you disappear from my life like this?
Sami and Layla had a quickie.
You don't have to repeat the obvious.
I don't have to repeat what needs doing.
Swear it to me.
Sami died quite a few years ago.
Sami is someone who is authoritarian.
Sami believes that he owns everybody.
I don't owe Sami anything.
Sami has a grudge about what happened.
Sami will get back at Layla.
This made Sami explode.
Sami had a good position at the clinic.
"Your wife has a lover." "Please tell me something I don't know."
Sami is in a mad mood this morning.
Sami has had a bad morning.
Sami was kicked out of the clinic.
The clinic was closed down.
If they close down this clinic, we will all lose our jobs.
"Are you going to come to visit me after I move to Cairo?" "You bet."
That doesn't explain a lot.
Sami feels affection for Layla.
We just found ourselves in here.
I won't allow you to continue your interference in my daughter's life.
If you want to do that, you will have to cross swords with me.
I'm carrying Sami's baby.
You're a human sewer.
Why did you start drinking?
You should go before I lose my temper.
I heard you arguing.
Stop feeling guilty.
Sami rebuilt his life and became a prominent doctor.
Sami has discovered everything.
Sami is blinded by his anger.
I don't know what Sami has been doing.
Sami is making me nervous.
Mr. Bakir prohibited Layla from entering the premises.
Sami should listen to me.
Three years from now, Sami is going to be retiring.
Sami has never suspected anything.
Sami won't ruin the last years of my career.
I can guarantee you that Sami is no longer a problem.
I put my faith in science.
Sami should try something else.
Sami must understand we are not magicians.
Sami has just started life.
Sami shouldn't die so soon.
You're going to be the first person Sami kills.
Why didn't you tell me that at the clinic?
We have to stop this before it happens.
I'm not married. I mean, not anymore.
I feel so hopeless.
Sami is going to the Caribbean.
I understood alright.
"You shouldn't take it like this." "How else should I take it?"
If Sami left you for another woman, how would you feel?
Sami insulted me to my face.
This baby is your grandchild.
I realize I'd never have a special place in your life.
I wanna make love to you.
You and I can't have a future.
I can't betray my wife.
I don't like doing things by halves.
Your wife must be very happy.
Sorry for shouting.
I just wanted to take a cold shower.
We can no longer write.
Climate change causes sea levels to rise.
The family is on their way to visit a relative.
I need a double room.
What do you like doing alone?
It is impossible for us to tell him the truth.
My profession is my hobby.
From now on, I will work harder than I have thus far.
Contact the library.
I can tell you that this has not happened.
Perhaps I will never understand the difference. To me, both expressions have identical meanings.
Tom wants to prove to us that they know everything.
And who was the other?
The president was confronted by difficult questions asked by a group of journalism students.
I am very patient, but I have to go home, now.
Coming right up.
Once people start comparing themselves to others who already have experienced great success, this becomes an extremely demotivating factor to them.
Five people died.
Your arrival changed the situation.
He stops by the store.
He did everything for them.
How did the Soviet Union manage to create a nuclear bomb?
We make selections based on a definite direction.
We had nowhere to live.
Geez, it's late.
I do not want to hear any "ifs" or "buts" right now.
There must be an explanation for it.
If the teacher is to plan out a vacation or something similar requiring one to compare prices and figure out what it would cost, it is the pupils' skills he would exploit. Sometimes, the wife may be wishing for a new fruit bowl, or perhaps the husband is looking for a new letter opener. Many have sons that require a short bedside story or daughters with dolls that must be clad in clothing of utmost fashionability; all this, the teacher makes the pupils make for him.
We have less snow here than usual.
The poetic fact is found everywhere.
I am asking you to vote for the Labour Party, because that would give you a government that can truly take responsibility for the county's economy.
Do not listen to this man.
Tom dreams about living in the mountains.
What do I have to do to convince my father-in-law?
You know I love Mary, do you not?
You know I love Mary, right?
The news made him sad.
I do not drink a lot of wine.
Do you not have anything to tell him?
Don't you have anything to tell him?
My parents love you.
A pigeon is a symbol of peace.
I want peace.
They say she was rich.
Give me a pilsner!
I am not doing anything special today. Perhaps I will just lie down on the couch and watch TV or something.
All problems must be answered.
Read the problem text thoroughly.
My grandmother likes the tea ceremony a lot.
Norway is not ready for another terror attack.
There were two roads in the forest for me to choose between, and I chose the one least trodden, and I made all my choices at that very moment.
Why are they cutting up the meat?
Mom has bought me a book.
The lion eats meat.
The pupil writes a letter by hand.
What sort of sport do you prefer?
I listened to the radio last night.
Your brother was not at school today.
I see the lion.
I do not see your son.
Here is the book.
The girl is reading beneath the tree.
I have many fruit trees in my garden.
Is your horse black?
Your boat is not big.
Without Latin, there would be no medicine.
I think your sisters are going to like this book.
The boy and the man drink water.
Your mother is not strict, is she?
I did all this for myself only.
Life is becoming ever more complex.
There were no protests from the students.
I have done everything I could to keep him alive.
The football match was broadcast live on television.
I played tennis when I was a student.
"Are you hungry?" "No, I am not hungry, because I ate sandwiches at school."
I was up in the mountains.
I enjoyed learning Latin when I went to the university.
I read this book when I went to primary school.
I bought this when I visited the US.
I am going back.
I would be more than happy to pay.
It is very nice here.
To whom are you going to give that book?
It is very cozy here.
To whom are you going to give that book?
Whom are you giving that book to?
It is very cosy here.
Whom are you going to give that book to?
He was hoping to see you.
It is so boring.
The movie is boring.
The summer is behind us.
I think three years is a long time.
Marika was crazy about me, and I... well, you could say I was crazy about her, too.
Do you want me to tell you a joke?
Stay with me!
I want them to stay with me.
I opened the box; it was empty.
"Who are you?" "I'm Tom."
Tom lives in the center of a historic town.
Tom knows how to bargain.
The price includes free shipping.
The price includes shipping.
The floor was covered with rugs.
Is that your best price?
Tom and Mary hid in the woods.
Tom bought a rug.
Tom bought a Turkish rug.
Tom bargained over the price of the rug.
Tom and Mary rented three camels and a guide to take them into the desert.
I know a bargain when I see one.
This rug is 100% silk.
Scientists have found a secret chamber inside Egypt's Great Pyramid.
Tom bought an antique rug.
I've got a few questions for you.
I've got a few questions for Tom.
Tom wore a black motorcycle jacket.
Tom is no longer alone.
Go get 'em tiger!
It's okay. It's only me.
It's okay, Tom. It's only me.
It's okay. It's just me.
The head of state has told us that the damn Yankees are collecting biometric material across the country.
They haven't stopped arguing since they went in there.
Sami was banging a frying pan.
I need you more than ever.
I love you and I need you more than ever.
Sami dresses a little strange.
Sami shouldn't have worried about that.
Sami is the only friend Layla has.
Sami should have called Layla.
"Your mother was pregnant then." "With me?" "Yes."
"Layla is pregnant." "By me?" "That's what she said."
Layla isn't carrying my child.
Do you still fancy me?
Do you still find me nice?
Sami is on a school trip.
Sami bought some flowers for Layla.
Sami has plenty of time.
Sami shouldn't worry about Layla. She will be fine.
Sami will have to leave here.
I don't want to drink things tonight.
The days I spent with you were the happiest days in my life.
Where are you two going?
I wanna be with you for ever.
Sami has been here all his life.
Sami fooled everyone at the clinic.
Sami will keep this for the rest of his life.
I want a tattoo that shows our love.
Don't get too carried away with your arrogance.
Can you help me clear the table?
Sami's job there is finished.
Sami isn't kicking Layla out of this house.
What did Sami's friend want?
Sami is on a school trip somewhere.
This is a truth you don't know.
Sami will be at school at six o'clock.
I want to feel your skin.
The truth will get out.
You're my life, son.
You're my reason for living.
Sami and Layla loved playing hide-and-seek in this house.
Sami is good at hide-and-seek.
You can't walk out on me.
Forgive me for what I did to you.
That land is forbidden territory to my tribe.
I'm not the ogre you think I am.
We must get Sami to the clinic quickly.
Somebody has put a spell on Layla.
I'm praying for Sami.
You need to get Sami out of here.
Why did Layla run out with that thug?
I have to get Sami out of here.
Why are these clothes lying around?
Sami left the place looking like a junkyard.
Sami isn't taking the blame.
Sami doesn't need to ask the question.
Don't talk about my daughters like that.
Sami has found another girlfriend.
It isn't Sami's responsibility to look after the house anymore.
Sami was expecting Layla's call.
Sami had glasses and contacts.
Sami has it all under control.
Sami is such an incompetent engineer.
Sami just wants to make a few bucks.
This is Sami's responsibility.
This is the fastest route.
Is there another route?
The damage to the school was done by the Bakir construction company.
Let's drink to the end of Sami as a manager.
Sami made a very big mistake.
Are you sure you want to go to that place?
Sami will take us to the river.
I can't protect you from the jungle.
There has been an accident at the site.
There is a man trapped underneath.
There is a lot of chaos and confusion at the site.
Leave things just as they are.
Everything can proceed without any pressure.
There has been an accident at the worksite.
The chief engineer isn't at the worksite.
You leave me no alternative but alert the authorities.
Here is your ticket, Sir.
This is your boarding pass with the gate number.
Have a good fly.
Layla's husband didn't see me yesterday.
Sami has been fired from this clinic.
Sami has a fever again.
The change in temperature might hurt Sami.
Why don't you change your clothes?
I miss Layla's gentle touch.
I feel like an old lady who can't look after herself.
You're the prettiest old lady I've ever seen in my life.
You're the most handsome man I've ever seen in my life.
I need to talk to the doctor immediately.
If you don't stop shouting, I'll call security.
Sami doesn't know anything about that young woman.
What do you expect from a drug addict like Sami.
Sami is filing charges against Layla.
Expect a visit from the authorities.
Sami was just taking a last look.
I want to keep this place in my memory for ever.
You're now part of my life.
Our hearts will be together for ever.
Sami has to call the police at once.
Sami still doesn't know what happened at the worksite.
Did you see the news today?
What are you talking about? Are you on drugs?
Don't put so much pressure on me.
Sami told me he left town.
We've got an accident at the construction site.
We need a crane to lift this slab.
Are you sure we're going in the right direction?
We have to cross the mountain?
Sami is an experienced climber.
Come back at the end of the day.
If we're not here by nightfall, come back the next day.
This jungle is full of snakes and spiders.
I think this trip is crazy.
Take all this to Sami's bedroom.
Sami needed to buy a few things.
Sami is going to be the engineer in charge.
Sami has always wanted to see Layla taking Salima's job.
Sami said those things in anger.
Sami wanted to know what had happened to his father.
Sami would do anything for money.
Sami was surprised that Layla was on Farid's side.
Sami never talks about these things.
Sami never discusses his work with Layla.
Sami just obeys Layla's orders.
Sami should try to forget his ex-girlfriend.
Try to get some professional help.
They started pouring the concrete.
Sami was taken to the municipal clinic.
Sami was far from the construction site.
Sami died at the construction site.
What happened at the construction site?
Sami was arrested for kidnapping Layla.
Sami has just turned sixteen.
What about our safety?
What about our future?
Sami will leave no stone unturned until he finds out what happened.
A construction worker died at the site.
Sami understands Layla's concerns.
I appreciate your fears about security at the site.
Justice will be done.
"I promise that justice will be done." "Yeah, empty promises."
Can you cross that river?
I'll help you cross the river.
"We need to cross the river." "How about the horses?"
Sami is simply buying time.
Sami is trying to buy some time.
I know I'm not welcome in this clinic.
My company is particularly strict about security.
The rope was of a very poor quality.
I strongly suspect that this is the cause of the tragedy that happened today at the construction site.
Sami is the president of the company.
Sami's responsibility is to facilitate the investigation.
The engineer in charge is Sami.
We expect you and your workers to fully cooperate in the investigation.
My experience was completely different from yours.
Many shunned the hunchback.
Who is the goddess of love?
Do you miss your mother?
Do they miss their mother?
We miss our mother.
There is a small path over there.
This is the only street in this town.
Sami resigned from the clinic.
Sami tried to be Layla's friend.
Why did Sami resign from the clinic?
Sami will never leave my life.
Sami will never leave my thoughts.
Sami has apparently had an argument with Layla.
Layla is the woman Sami is marrying.
Sami really loved that girl.
Sami came and asked me to pack up his belongings.
Sami prepared a secret plan.
Sami's resignation doesn't make much sense.
Sami went to the shopping center.
Sami went to the medical center.
Sami doesn't know this place.
Take that path and you'll reach the river.
"Thanks a lot for your help." "Have a nice day."
Sami knew that Layla was in danger.
Sami felt like he was short of breath.
Sami realized how small he was compared to mother nature.
Man can't control nature.
This is just an illusion.
Sami is not afraid of the jungle.
It's a waste of time looking for that girl.
Sami asked for Layla's help.
Sami felt like Layla was giving him a second chance.
I still think that deep inside you, you're probably a kind man.
Sami climbed up the mountain.
Sami has really caused a lot of problems around here.
Sami can't leave a job just like that.
Sami came to take his things.
Sami sent his mother here to take his things.
Sami has fallen in love.
Sami has a debt with me.
Sami has a debt with me and it lasts for life.
Your beloved boss is my husband, you slut!
Sami is still dating that slutty girl.
Sami is working at the clinic.
Sami won't take too much of your time.
Sami cried when Layla announced her conversion to Islam.
Sami was from a practising Muslim family.
This is the Muslim greeting.
Why did Sami decide to convert to Islam?
Sami left the priesthood.
Sami wanted to change his religion.
Sami had never met a Muslim in his life.
Sami thought that all Muslims hit ladies.
Sami thought that all Muslims were terrorists.
Sami believed that all Muslims were terrorists.
Sami knew that Muslims were ordinary people.
Sami was selling bananas on the street.
At school, Sami met a Muslim boy.
It touched my heart.
Sami didn't know a lot about Islam.
Sami got a job teaching.
Sami spent a long holiday in Egypt.
Sami talked to a few Muslim students.
Sami criticized the Pope.
Sami let Layla into his life.
Sami baptized his children.
Sami was good at his job.
Sami felt lonely.
Sami's conversion to Islam was a big decision to make.
Sami had no plan to change his religion at all.
Your life is the echo of your mindset.
There were lots of Muslim kids at the school Sami attended.
Sami taught Layla about the Catholic faith.
Sami learned a lot about Islam and Judaism.
Your life is the echo of your mental attitude.
The more Sami read about Islam, the more he liked the religion.
Your life is the echo of your way of thinking.
Sami prayed in Layla's room.
Can we pray in your room?
Sami was the only Muslim student in our school.
Sami prepared his lessons.
Sami needs to pay more attention.
Sami's conversion to Islam was a very long process.
Sami isn't an extremist.
Sami will answer that later.
Sami isn't a fanatic.
Your life is the echo of your mentality.
Sami wanted to convert to Islam.
Sami was killed because he was Muslim.
Sami wasn't angry but he was sad.
Sami wanted to meet real Muslims.
Sami met Farid and his wife and kids.
Sami was an ordinary Muslim.
Sami said that Islam is a religion of peace.
Sami is the only Muslim in town.
Sami attended the Friday prayer.
Sami wanted to attend the Friday prayer.
I haven't come here to convert anyone to anything.
Sami encouraged tolerance and dialogue between Muslims and non-Muslims.
Sami met the Anglican archbishop in Dublin.
Sami was an alcoholic out of control.
Alcohol was Sami's drug of choice.
Sami was interested in Islam.
Sami had a severe pain in the abdomen.
Sami sent a car to take Layla home.
Sami was a hardcore atheist.
Sami was a self-centered person who lived by himself.
Sami was operated at the hospital.
Sami woke up on a respirator.
Sami wore his hair long.
Sami is not going to get out of here.
Sami has a degree in information technology.
Before his conversion to Islam, Sami was Christian.
I know there is a God up there.
Sami was listening to a Muslim radio station.
Sami believed that Islam was a religion of terror.
Sami decided to become a missionary to bring Muslims into Christianity.
Sami was fasting.
Sami became very curious.
Sami realized that Muslims are practising things that are mentioned in the Bible that Christians and Jews themselves aren't practising.
You have to be aware that the time will come when you will do things that can not be thought of a second time.
Sami learned more about Islam.
Sami studied Islam.
Sami wanted to learn more about Islam.
Sami heard the Quran being recited.
Sami was watching CNN.
Sami saw Muslims praying.
Sami recited the Quran.
This made my eyes water.
Sami met an imam from Egypt.
Sami gave Layla a translation of the Quran.
Sami sat in the back of the mosque and listened to the Quran.
The imam gave Sami a copy of the Quran for free.
The imam gave Sami a copy of the Quran for free.
Sami gave Layla a copy of the Quran for free.
Sami listened to a few verses from the Quran.
Sami listened to a few verses from the Quran.
Sami saw Layla's Youtube video.
What made Sami convert to Islam?
Sami told everybody about his conversion to Islam.
Sami didn't believe there was a God or another life.
Most people believe there is a God.
Sami didn't have any beliefs.
Sami wasn't really into Buddhism.
Sami believed in the values of Islam.
Sami's Buddhist beliefs were very close to Islamic beliefs.
Sami's best friend was from Egypt.
Sami invited Layla over for a barbecue.
Sami lived next to a mosque.
Sami heard a loud bang.
Sami met many Muslim students in Toronto.
Sami thought that his house was haunted.
Sami met many Muslim students in Toronto.
Sami met many Muslim students in Toronto.
Sami thought that his house was haunted.
Sami went outside to turn off the light.
Sami felt helpless and hopeless.
Sami studied many religions.
Sami was in a Muslim country.
Sami has been in Egypt for so many years.
Sami asked God to help him.
Sami asked God to protect him.
Sami put something on his laptop to watch.
Sami was a pretty logical person.
Sami thanked God for protecting him.
I'm the one who defines what a high C is.
Sami chose the path of Islam.
Sami didn't like any religion.
Sami needed God's guidance.
Sami started to feel really curious about Islam.
Sami converted to Islam in Ramadan.
Sami went drinking every weekend.
Sami started fasting.
Sami read a chapter of the Quran every day.
Sami wanted to understand everything about Islam.
Sami tried to convert Layla to Islam.
Sami found the Quran a very weird book at the beginning.
Sami didn't want to spend one more day in Egypt.
Sami wanted to die a Muslim.
Sami took his shahada.
Sami said shahada in Arabic.
Sami was a bit scared.
Sami told Layla about his views on Islam.
Always remember God.
God be with all of you.
Sami's Muslim name is Abdullah.
Sami had an interesting spiritual experience.
Sami was a convert to Islam.
Sami was lucky to have two Egyptian teachers.
Sami met Muslims from various Muslim countries.
Sami met Muslims from various countries.
Sami wanted to live in a Muslim country.
Sami wanted to learn many languages.
Sami thought hard about that.
Sami had to trust himself.
In the US, the environment is hostile to Islam.
Don't expect any less from Sami.
As a Muslim, Sami felt very isolated.
Sami grew up in a small Muslim community in Eastern Europe.
This made Sami even stronger in his religion.
Sami didn't have any relationship with God.
Sami hated Muslims.
Sami's life focused on drinking.
Sami and Layla had similar interests.
Sami wasn't completely aware of what was going on.
Sami doesn't even know what the word terrorist means.
Sami started getting a strong hatred for Muslims.
Sami wanted to join the Marines to go to Afghanistan and kill as many Muslims as possible.
Sami wanted to do his bit for the country.
Sami was applying for the army.
It didn't sound right to me.
Sami was on a spiritual search.
Sami felt like he couldn't stop reading the Quran.
Sami went to the mosque.
Christians don't go to mosques.
Sami started to accept it.
Sami felt that Layla was rejecting everything he had taught her.
Sami felt that Layla was being controlled by something else.
Sami told Layla what he thought about Islam.
Sami didn't know anything about Islam.
Sami spent many weeks in the company of Muslims.
Sami was afraid of Islam.
Sami's parents were afraid of Muslims.
Sami's parents told him that all Muslims were terrorists.
Sami spent sixteen years in jail.
Sami introduced Layla to a Muslim student.
Sami has a big heart.
Sami was very touched by Layla's story.
Sami converted to Islam when he was in jail.
I'm very grateful to be a Muslim today.
Sami told us about his life before Islam.
Sami told us about his life before Islam.
Why do you believe that all Muslims are terrorists?
Sami became a father at a young age.
Sami began doing drugs at a young age.
Sami did marijuana.
Sami is blessed to be a Muslim today.
Sami cried when he heard Layla take the shahada.
Sami did armed robberies at stores.
Sami was sentenced to sixteen years in a state prison.
Sami converted to Islam a few months after he was released from jail.
Sami's journey to Islam started in prison.
Sami prayed for guidance.
Sami prayed God for guidance.
Sami's cellmate was Muslim.
Sami invited Layla to convert to Islam.
Sami memorized a few verses of the Quran.
Sami invited Layla again to convert to Islam.
Sami learned everything he could about Islam.
God opened Sami's heart to Islam.
Sami began crying.
Sami knew that God finally guided him to a true religion.
Sami heard Layla's story of how she converted to Islam.
Sami served a long time in jail.
Sami is no longer on parole.
So many Hispanics are accepting Islam in the US.
Sami was searching for spiritual guidance.
Sami was fortunate to convert to Islam.
Sami was an ex-gang member before he converted to Islam.
Sami loved the spirit of brotherhood he found within Islam.
If you tolerate so much until you have lost yourself, you become either wiser or fanatical.
Sami didn't have anybody to help him.
Sami is no longer a gang member.
Sami can't do what God can do for you.
Sami brought his family to Islam.
Sami taught Layla about Islam.
Sami was a Bible professor.
Sami was sure he was doing the right thing.
Sami was born and raised Muslim.
Sami was born Muslim.
Sami is dealing with very difficult problems.
Sami entered the mosque at six.
Sami practised Islam to its fullest.
Sami continued praying.
I know that God is watching my back.
Sami and Layla are talking again.
Sami was on his knees, praying to God.
Sami is still drinking and doing drugs.
Sami will not return to that lifestyle.
"How do you feel?" "Better."
Call me anytime. I always have a shoulder to cry on.
Know what to do, then do it the best you can.
If we don't take care of the environment, it'll take vengeance against us.
I use tarot cards every day.
If you don't want people to think you're stupid, you should stop saying stupid things.
Tom bought a neck pillow.
Do it
Come fast
I am breast-feeding my daughter.
I am breastfeeding my daughter.
We were both a little drunk.
Going to college doesn't guarantee you a good job
Tom slept in the guest bedroom.
The U.S. Government has released thousands of files on the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
Put that back.
Do you like waffles?
Amsterdam is a bike-friendly city.
Tom's career was over.
Tom's career is over.
Tom has a slow cooker.
This is deeply disturbing.
Mary is a talented actress.
What is the secret of health for both mind and body?
Learn to control it or it will control you.
Kindness should be given to everyone.
Sami can't stay here.
Sami made fun of Layla.
Sami stood still.
Where are the files of Sami's research?
The file of Sami's research are gone.
Now we will have to walk through the jungle.
Stick around here until everyone leaves.
Sami won't run away.
Try to calm down, everyone, OK?
If you continue screaming at me, then we won't talk.
It won't be so easy for them to get Sami out of here.
I demand that you give me the information that I'm asking you for.
The earthquake damaged the clinic.
Sami has to go out.
Sami kicked me out of the house.
I'm having Sami's child.
Sami was born for something different.
Sami should calm down.
Sami will kick everyone out.
I can't be powerless because of this pregnancy.
Sami is my purpose in life.
Sami and Layla will have to camp there.
Sami and Layla camped in the middle of the jungle.
You're sweating rivers.
You should phone Sami.
Phone Sami and tell him that you're coming home.
The clinic will be closed down.
Sami needs to be moved to another clinic.
The emergency room is at the other end of the clinic.
The clinic was severely damaged by an eartquake.
Sami works at the clinic.
Sami came to clinic to see Layla.
Sami works at a local clinic.
Sami spent the night at the clinic.
Sami knows the jungle better than anyone.
You know very well how much you mean to me.
Please don't be so sad.
Now we want you to get out of there.
We really need to get in touch with Sami and talk to him.
There was an accident at the construction site.
Sami doesn't work at that construction site anymore.
Sami tried to telephone Layla's apartment.
Are you trying to rape me, you bastard?
"She's all yours. Do whatever you want with her. Rape her, if you want." "Shut up, you bastard!"
Sami received a telephone call from Layla's kidnapper.
"They can't arrest me." "Shut your mouth! You haven't seen anything yet. Those bastards can arrest you, detain you for God knows how long, torture you, humiliate you, rape you, shoot you in the head, then bury you where no one could ever find you."
Sami was staring at Layla's legs.
All Sami does is stare at your legs.
Sami hired you for your legs, you slut!
Sami is a new Muslim.
Sami recently converted to Islam.
Sami was working on a church project.
The congregation was getting old.
Sami wrote some poetry in Arabic.
Sami did some graffiti work.
Sami got baptized.
Sami wanted to change himself.
Sami needed those challenges.
Sami didn't feel Christian.
Sami never felt Christian.
Sami is a Muslim.
Sami convinced Layla to convert to Islam.
Sami liked Arabic calligraphy.
Sami was attracted by Arabic calligraphy.
Sami thought Layla was Muslim.
Sami was the mayor of the small community.
Sami has been with us for some time.
Sami said the shahada.
Sami wasn't ready to say the shahada.
Sami felt he wasn't ready to convert to Islam.
Sami wanted to know how to convert to Islam.
If Sami doesn't want to convert to Islam, you can't make him do this.
Muslims believe that Muhammad is God's messenger.
Sami fasted the month of Ramadan.
Sami accepted Islam.
Sami helped Layla with the interview.
Sami wanted to wash his sins away.
Muslims believe there is only one God.
Muslims believe that Jesus was one of God's messengers.
Sami is our special guest today.
After he converted to Islam, Sami changed his name.
Sami has a British accent.
Sami is here in Egypt.
Sami's mother was Muslim.
Many of Sami's workers were Muslims.
Sami thought that his Muslim workers were good people and that he could trust them.
Sami was born in Egypt.
Sami never played soccer with his Muslim classmates.
Sami had a wrong perception of Islam.
Muslims are normal people and there are good Muslims and bad Muslims.
Sami converted to Islam when he studied in Egypt.
Sami never travels without a copy of the Quran.
Muslims believe that there is only one God.
There are thugs in all religions.
Sami thought that terrorism was part of Islam.
Islam is not about killing people.
Sami found Egypt a wonderful country.
How do you like being a Muslim?
Sami has been Muslim for six years.
Sami went to Saudi Arabia to accomplish the holy Muslim pilgrimage.
I love this attitude.
Sami visited the Prophet's mosque in Medina, Saudi Arabia.
Be a good person.
Read the Quran.
Sami said that the Quran is a book of wisdom.
Sami learned Arabic to understand the Quran better.
Sami expected nothing from Layla.
These are words of wisdom.
Sami really enjoyed that.
Islam is not difficult.
Islam is common sense.
Sami doesn't eat pork.
Muslims don't eat pork because it's dangerous meat.
Sami killed Layla's child.
Sami had another glass of wine.
Don't do things that can hurt people.
Come next year.
Book now.
Sami shared his story of how he came to Islam.
Sami doesn't want to miss the show.
Sami had a pretty normal American upbringing.
Sami was never a Christian.
Sami was never convinced he was doing the right thing.
Sami was always trying different things.
Sami wrote poetry.
Sami went to Egypt in the summer of 2006.
There was nothing to drink.
Sami was trying to learn Arabic.
Sami grabbed his phrase book to learn some Arabic words.
Sami went to Egypt to learn the Arabic language.
Sami heard the adhan for the first time.
Sami was a good Muslim.
Sami found Islam an amazing religion.
Sami went into the mosque.
Very few people go to church around here.
Sami was just amazed.
Sami started to ask more questions about Islam.
Sami moved to Egypt with the company he was working with at the time.
Sami liked it in Egypt.
Sami grew up in a tiny Muslim community in Eastern Europe.
Sami spent his first Ramadan in Egypt.
Sami found himself surrounded by Muslims.
Sami found himself surrounded by Muslims.
Sami and Layla started to talk.
Sami was enjoying that.
Sami visited many mosques in Egypt.
Sami entered the mosque.
Sami sat in the mosque and read a few chapters of the Quran.
Sami was an Egyptian diplomat.
You need to read the Quran.
Sami converted to Islam a few weeks later.
Sami was able to read the Quran in just a few days.
Sami embraced Islam.
Sami knew a great deal about Islam.
Sami must be nuts.
Sami is having dinner with Layla tonight.
Sami and Layla had a very interesting conversation.
Sami asked his questions.
Sami answered all my questions.
Sami said the shahada.
Sami and Layla shook hands.
There were more than a thousand men in the mosque.
Sami is still Layla's friend today.
Sami visited many different mosques.
Sami prayed at home.
Sami never looked back.
Sami started searching about different religions.
Sami was offered a position in Egypt.
It wasn't easy for Sami to make that transition.
Sami didn't really tell Layla everything about Islam.
Sami's family showed Layla sincere generosity.
The first time Sami heard the adhan, he was on a Cairo street.
Sami thought that the adhan was singing.
Sami studied a bit of Islam at university.
Sami never had bad thoughts about Islam or Muslims.
Sami was ready to change his lifestyle.
Sami was living in Egypt.
Sami wrote a small encyclopedia that hit on every topic.
Sami shook the tree.
This species has never been documented.
Sami lived between Egypt and Syria.
Sami visited many countries in the region.
Sami wanted to make the next move in his life.
Why didn't women drive in Saudi Arabia?
Sami thought that that was beneficial for him.
Sami wanted to better his life.
Sami started shaking and sweating.
Sami was alone in his room.
Sami never felt pressure from the society.
Sami bought a prayer rug.
Sami grabbed some books for the Islamic center and read them all.
Sami realized that he could die tomorrow.
Sami looked at his life with so much remorse.
Sami said the shahada all by himself in his room.
Anything in this life is meaningless.
Sami felt that his life was without any meaning.
Sami met Layla when he went to Egypt.
Sami didn't know many Muslims.
Sami met a Muslim family in Toronto.
Sami has been to Egypt.
Sami was never in one place long enough to actually have friends.
Sami supported Layla.
Sami is from Egypt.
Sami grew up in a family that was Protestant.
Sami accepted Islam about six months ago.
Sami accepted Islam in June.
The main thing that Islam has brought to my life is serenity.
Sami can get through all of this.
Sami decided to sell his house.
What are people going to think of Sami?
Sami said that he believed in Islam but he never embraced it.
Sami felt comfortable around Muslims.
Sami treated Layla differently.
Sami still hasn't forgotten Layla.
Sami almost lost his life.
Sami knows that everything has a cost.
Sami has to know that the time to repay has arrived.
Sami couldn't stop thinking about Layla.
Sami wanted to work with Layla.
Sami is always traveling around.
Sami wanted to travel much more.
Sami wanted to have his own house.
Sami and Layla wanted to have lots of children.
Sami knows Layla so well.
Sami said Layla was lying.
Sami's dream was becoming too old-fashioned.
Sami met a girl who's like Layla.
Sami's dream is impossible.
Sami is Layla's partner.
Layla is Sami's assistant.
Sami hired Layla as his personal assistant.
Sami had to spend the night in the jungle.
Sami was there but left.
Sami went into the forest to look for Layla.
Sami got lost in the jungle.
Sami took Layla to the health center.
Sami asked where Layla lived.
Sami talked to the shaman.
Sami needed a guide.
Sami lost his way in the jungle.
Sami won't die.
Sami is staying with us.
Sami kept his family together.
Sami supported his family.
Sami said that he didn't want anything.
Sami took a whole box of tranquilizers.
Layla gets scared when Sami throws those tantrums.
Sami took Layla from this house.
Sami will do the talking.
Sami gave Layla a slap.
Sami went to say hello to Layla.
Sami thought that Layla liked him.
Sami will kill Layla.
Sami had no idea what happened to Layla.
Sami has got some bad news for Layla.
Sami went on a school field trip.
Sami shouldn't talk to Layla like that.
Sami knows how to count.
Sami knows how old Layla is.
Sami has got to calm down.
Sami has been too soft on Layla.
Sami gave Layla love and support.
Sami took all the love and threw it out the window.
Sami forced Layla to go with him.
Sami is Layla's boyfriend.
Sami is the child of this house.
Sami warned Layla about this.
Sami warned Layla but she didn't care.
Sami fooled his whole family.
Sami forced Layla to lie.
Sami went to the military.
Sami wanted Layla to stop controlling his life.
Sami did the wrong thing by leaving like that.
Sami was in the wrong.
Sami has a long record.
Sami has been arrested several times for robbery.
Sami left with that girl.
Sami was going to find out anyway.
Sami thought that no one knew that.
Sami has been so hard on Layla.
Sami will pay for this.
Sami swore that he would make Layla pay for that.
Sami did nothing wrong.
Sami is going to shut his mouth for good.
Sami doesn't seem well.
Sami is back home.
Sami has always been like this.
Sami suffered a huge depression.
Sami became a great scientist.
Sami needs to take it easy.
Sami can help Layla again like he did in the past.
Sami will never rest until he sees Layla well again.
Sami knows the great mistake that he made.
Sami swore to Layla that he wouldn't do that again.
Sami will stay here with Layla.
Sami doesn't know what to say.
Sami made several mistakes in his life.
Sami should just go away.
Sami used to be like the eyes of Layla's eyes.
Layla was Sami's wife.
Sami considered Layla's children like his.
Sami never had a family.
Sami's happiness always made Layla happy.
Sami started treating Layla like one of his own children.
Sami didn't want to judge Layla.
Sami made mistakes.
Sami has made a mistake.
Sami is the most beautiful thing in Layla's life.
Sami never should have returned.
Sami is being to aggressive now.
Sami has given Layla everything in life.
Sami won't forgive Layla for this.
Sami should understand this once and for all.
Sami had to grow up way before time.
Sami is the best thing in Layla's life.
Sami has done this to Layla.
Sami is just about as mad as Layla.
Sami disrespected Layla.
Sami is only sixteen.
Layla has barely stopped playing with dolls.
Sami isn't excusing Layla.
Respect and principles don't have a time.
Sami tried to calm Layla down.
Sami knew perfectly well what happened.
Sami wanted Layla to leave him alone.
Sami wanted to be left completely alone.
Sami asked Layla to leave him completely alone.
Sami had to find Layla.
Sami didn't understand why Layla was in such a hurry.
Sami took Layla.
Sami took a machete.
Sami needed a machete in the jungle.
Sami was back from the health center.
Sami hasn't heard from Layla.
Sami had no fever.
Sami took the bad spirits out of Layla's body.
Sami disappeared.
Sami couldn't believe that.
Sami has to find Layla.
Sami went missing in the jungle.
Sami wasn't afraid of the jungle.
Sami has never been afraid of the jungle.
Sami spent most of his life in the jungle.
Sami knew that Layla was with Farid.
Sami knew that Layla was with Farid.
Sami abandoned Layla in the jungle.
Sami was with Layla in the jungle.
Sami and Layla were alone together.
Sami told Layla what he had done to Farid.
Sami doesn't know where Layla is now.
Sami and Layla went to sleep.
Sami wouldn't come to a place like this without a guide.
Sami told Layla that he liked her a lot.
Sami is going to pay for everything he owes Layla.
Sami doesn't deserve a tragic end like this.
Sami didn't deserve a tragic death like that.
Sami was glad Layla came.
Sami would never find this place.
Sami found Layla and brought her here.
Sami was dead worried about Layla.
Sami feels better now.
Sami felt very tired.
Sami felt very fine.
Sami felt very sleepy.
Sami went hiking every week.
Sami went swimming every Friday.
Sami felt brave.
Sami was a miserable jerk.
Sami was the engineer in charge.
Sami has done nothing.
Sami did nothing to help Layla.
Sami wanted to kill Layla once and for all.
Sami should have waited.
Sami woke up so early.
Sami needed some coffee.
Sami didn't sleep a wink last night.
Sami couldn't really sleep at all.
Sami kept thinking about the trip.
Sami didn't tell Layla that before.
Sami didn't know what Layla was talking about.
Sami is leaving now.
Sami cancelled the trip at the last minute.
Sami had to go and attend the presentation of one of our new products.
Sami is doing well in his job.
Sami's house was upside down.
Sami made Layla feel bad.
Sami was doing that for Layla.
Sami was doing that for his daughters.
Sami didn't have an income.
Sami was having a party.
Sami didn't have to ask permission.
Sami knew that Layla's opinion was important.
Sami needed Layal's advice.
Sami had to make a decision.
Sami just followed his conscience.
Sami will take care of Layla.
Sami just couldn't disappear like that.
Sami has to take Layla out of here.
Sami deserves more than that.
Sami will pay for that.
Sami and Layla camped in the jungle.
Sami left on his own.
Sami went looking for Layla and he found her backpack.
Sami was a witch doctor.
Sami took Layla to Farid.
Sami didn't want to waste time explaining things to Layla.
Sami did whatever he wanted.
Sami is going to look for Layla.
Sami should take care of that wound.
Sami is losing to much blood.
Sami swore he would kill Layla.
Sami has grown so much.
Sami is all Layla has.
Sami likes to play before drinking his milk.
Sami has to do this.
Sami and Layla didn't argue in front of the kids.
Sami does what Layla says.
Sami is leaving Layla.
Sami is going on the trip today.
Sami had to do this.
Sami took good care of the girls.
Sami didn't even give Layla a hug.
Sami came here to tell me all those horrible things.
Sami wanted Layla to go to hell.
Sami went on his trip.
Sami was going on a business trip.
Sami should get this in his head.
Sami went on a business trip with his boss.
Sami started to feel something for Layla.
Sami started to have feelings for Layla.
Sami started to fall in love with Layla.
Sami is leaving now for the airport.
Sami asked Farid to come get his luggage.
Sami will grow up one day.
Sami cares more about his job.
Sami will grow up one day and he will understand.
Sami will grow up one day and he will make decisions.
Sami misses both of you a lot.
Sami is leaving this afternoon.
Sami is leaving for Cairo.
Sami found himself in a hospital bed.
Sami wanted to leave.
Sami had to rest.
Sami shouldn't come near Layla.
Sami told Layla his real name.
Sami can't go out like this.
Sami shouldn't go out now.
Sami wanted to go to his house.
Sami is scaring me.
Sami knows who Layla is.
Sami told Layla what he wanted.
Sami wanted to go and look for Layla.
Sami knew that Layla was the mother of his children.
Sami wanted to go back to his house.
Sami shouldn't go outside.
Sami sat and talked to Layla.
Sami was glad that Layla came over.
Sami wanted to go out and talk to Layla.
Sami asked Layla to stop controlling his life.
Sami hated Layla so much.
Sami had to go back to his house.
Sami wants what's best for you.
Sami should listen to Layla.
Sami must be very worried.
Sami will talk to Layla.
Sami isn't feeling well.
Sami worked with Layla at the record store.
Sami knew what Layla said.
Sami didn't take anything.
Sami didn't ask anybody else.
Sami wanted to protect and love Layla.
Sami was in tremendous trouble.
Sami didn't have any kind of compassion.
Sami did nothing to Layla.
Sami took care of his sisters.
Sami isn't so sure.
Sami was beeping his horn outside.
Sami will take Layla to the airport.
Sami came to take Layla to the airport.
Sami will think about it.
Sami promised to bring Layla something from Egypt.
Sami should behave himself well with Layla.
Sami called Layla as soon as he got back.
Sami should take good care of Layla.
Sami asked Layla to take good care of their daughters.
Sami and Layla had twin daughters.
Sami didn't want to know about that.
Sami is going back to the city today.
Sami cared for his wife.
Layla isn't Sami's wife.
Sami is the boss right now.
Sami is Layla's boss.
Sami told Layla that Farid was there.
Sami was trying to figure that out.
Sami had a big mouth.
Sami has gotten lost in the jungle.
Sami is lost in the jungle.
Sami helped Layla find Farid.
Sami knows the jungle like the back of his hand.
Sami knows every inch of this jungle.
Sami grew up in an Indian tribe in the jungle.
Sami had too many secrets that he didn't want to share with Layla.
Sami saved Layla's soul from evil spirits.
Sami studied medicine.
Sami believed in science.
Sami believed in evil spirits.
Sami wanted to heal people.
Sami doesn't have all the answers.
Sami is a good climber.
Sami was proud of his Native American heritage.
Sami is going out now.
Sami is back home now.
Sami is drowning in a bottle.
Sami left with a gangster.
Sami left the bar with a gang member.
Sami knows very well that my children are my responsibility.
Sami did all that he could.
Sami was really scared when he saw Layla so mad.
Sami never saw Layla so mad.
Sami shouldn't say that.
Sami has to understand that Layla can't stop worrying about Farid.
Sami spent six years in jail.
Sami is like a king now.
Sami wasn't interested in knowing.
Sami committed a serious crime.
Sami's only crime was caring too much about his sweetheart.
Sami asked Layla to open the door.
Sami won't tolerate this.
Sami thinks he can do whatever he wants.
Sami won't do this to Layla.
Sami found Layla unconscious in her room.
What do you think about Japanese economy?
Sami tried to wake Layla up.
Sami was on the floor.
Sami had a high fever.
Sami had to think quick.
Sami went to get the medicine quickly.
Sami asked Layla to hurry up.
Sami always thought the worst about Layla.
Sami really doesn't care about anything else.
Sami didn't even ask why.
Sami has to get out of this play.
Sami wanted to escape from jail.
Sami drank a little bit more.
Sami didn't know that there was a shortcut.
Sami knows all the shortcuts.
Sami knows the jungle.
Sami is back now.
Sami brought Layla here.
Sami told Layla that the herbal tea would make her better.
Sami was freezing.
Sami will feel better soon.
Sami should stop being so nervous.
Sami took Layla down to the clinic.
Sami put on his sweater.
Sami helped Layla put on her sweater.
Sami should shut up and help us.
Sami has to let Layla rest.
Sami went to sleep like an angel.
Sami's symptoms have disappeared.
Sami could save Layla.
Sami is going to the health center.
Sami will be back in no time.
Sami found Layla in the jungle.
Sami has got a deep laceration by his ribs.
Sami started feeling better.
Sami came here to look for Layla.
Sami passed Layla the bottle.
Sami asked Layla to pass him the bottle.
Sami and Layla were at the camp site.
Sami's radio broke down.
Sami told Layla that he didn't hear anything.
Sami's radio is useless.
Sami went in person to get Layla.
Sami is taking care of Layla.
Layla ran away from Sami.
Sami thought something had happened to Layla.
Sami did the impossible to find Layla.
Sami asked Layla why she had left him.
Sami came without calling.
Sami will find Layla.
Sami heard that Layla was back.
Sami came all this way to find Layla.
Sami can't believe what he's hearing.
Sami searched the whole globe to find Layla.
Sami just disappeared completely.
Sami couldn't find Layla anywhere.
Sami shouldn't say anything else.
Sami searched for Layla in every single room of that house.
Sami was going out of his mind.
Sami was the foreman at the construction site.
Sami doesn't want to leave Layla again.
Sami missed Layla so much.
Sami never stopped loving Layla.
Sami listened carefully to Layla.
Layla escaped from Sami.
Sami and Layla's love was impossible.
Sami didn't have the courage to tell that to Layla.
Sami isn't leaving without Layla.
Sami told Layla that he really loved her.
Sami and Layla will talk later.
Sami spoke to that guy.
Sami is working now.
Sami brought a little girl with him.
Sami hasn't appeared.
Sami told Layla that he would see her later.
Sami found the girl.
Sami has lost a lot of blood.
Sami needs more blood.
Sami shouldn't waste any time.
Sami knew what he had to do.
Sami should take it easy.
Sami shouldn't be worried so much.
Sami promised Layla he would come back.
Sami lied down here.
Sami lied down and relaxed.
Sami needed to see Layla.
Sami was the only doctor in town.
Sami didn't have many options.
Sami has a large laceration in his ribs.
Sami injured himself with the machete.
Sami interrupted Farid and Layla's conversation.
Sami and Layla can talk later.
Sami is only here for Layla.
Sami wanted Layla to cooperate.
Sami is here to recover.
Sami has lost a lot of blood and he's very weak.
Sami won't leave this place until he recovers.
Sami is in a meeting with business partners.
Sami can't go in.
Sami wanted to teach Layla a lesson.
Sami came into my office without knocking on the door.
Sami has a very important meeting now.
Sami wanted to call security.
Sami came here to tell Layla that he had filed for divorce.
Sami couldn't stand that noise.
Sami told everyone to calm down.
Sami is taking Layla somewhere else.
Sami wanted to close the clinic.
Sami had a very high fever.
Sami is in the laboratory right now.
Sami didn't read the newspaper.
Sami is accused of negligence.
Sami can keep the newspaper if he likes.
Sami was trying to hurt Layla.
Sami is not responsible for anything Layla is blaming him for.
Sami purchased defective materials.
Sami said that to Layla's face.
Sami wasn't interested in what Layla was saying.
Sami wouldn't do anything to Layla.
Sami isn't talking about the past.
Sami wasn't working on the construction site when the accident happened.
Sami didn't care about Layla said.
Sami accepted responsibility for all his actions.
Sami left by himself.
Sami left Layla's office.
Sami isn't responsible for anything he's blamed for.
Sami doesn't have enough strength to confront the mob.
Sami will pay for Layla.
Sami hopes he will be there.
Sami enjoyed seeing Layla drowning in her guilt.
Sami has to convince Layla to go back home.
Sami is leaving in six minutes.
Sami was brought into the clinic.
Sami died quickly.
Sami died in the emergency room.
Sami didn't say too much.
Sami also disappeared.
Sami feels really bad.
Sami said that Layla wasn't well.
Sami is so awful.
Sami is so fat.
Sami found out that Layla had run away.
Sami was very worried about Layla.
Sami has important things to do.
Sami had important things to do.
The television broke, due to that I read a book.
The ATM swallowed my card.
"When was the last time you walked barefoot across a meadow?" "I think it was when I was just a kid - no, I'm sure of that."
When was the last time you walked barefoot on a meadow?
Tom is an old man who always has beautiful young women around him who admire him.
Tom was the victim of bullying.
Tom slid off his horse.
Mary slid off her horse.
Tom repaired the wheelbarrow.
Why are you afraid to talk to the police?
I'm scared that I won't be good enough for you.
I am breast-feeding my son.
I am breastfeeding my son.
Life is like that! Nothing is easy and nothing is impossible.
You don't know that.
I feel like I was stabbed in the heart.
We fight every time we talk.
What we did was a mistake.
Would you like a tour?
Mary revealed that she had the hots for Tom.
Tom revealed that he had the hots for Mary's best friend.
The party was just getting started.
I don't know what I'll do after that.
Tom banged his head against the table.
How's your knee?
Boys and girls were playing on a meadow near the river.
That's a fair criticism.
Mary stretched her arms above her head.
Tom stretched his arms high above his head.
Remember all the good times we had together?
Remember all the good times we had?
Remember all the good times we had together.
Remember all the good times we had.
We'll always have Paris.
Is Tom a good guy?
Sami and Layla are going to be the talk of the town.
Take the mile instead of the inch.
Don't you even dare call me.
Stop being such a jerk.
Don't you dare look for me ever again.
Sami wanted Layla to disappear from his life.
"You make the toast." "OK. To our love."
This marriage is over.
Don't abandon me.
I can't believe that. I'm begging a man to love me.
Are we getting a divorce?
Layla... I can't believe that... Me, Salima Bakir, begging a man to love me! I just can't believe that.
I know you're not a slut.
I put Sami in his place.
I think I scared him away.
I just realized that I'm better off alone.
"Sorry I'm late." "Don't worry. It's not a problem."
I'm divorcing Sami.
Sami is ready to face the reality of life.
Please stop drinking now.
What am I going to do with my life now?
Sami is a big idiot and he doesn't deserve your tears.
He nicks all sorts of stuff.
He nicks anything and everything.
He pinches all kinds of things.
He half-inches all sorts.
My moped was nicked.
He steals all sorts of stuff.
My moped was stolen.
What did they nick from you?
What did they pinch from you?
What did they steal from you?
I pinched it from Tom.
Who's nicked my hairdryer?
Who's pinched my hairdrier?
Who's stolen my hairdryer?
A pickpocket pinched Mark's passport.
They nicked my bike at the museum.
They pinched my bike from the museum.
My bike was stolen from the museum.
They nicked my wallet on the bridge.
My wallet was stolen on the bridge.
A good idea can be recognised by the fact that it's stolen.
"Mum! Someone's nicked the milk again!"
Someone's pinched the milk again.
Someone's made off with the milk.
Mum's going to fry us some sprats for tea tonight.
Mary's cat likes to play the piano.
He plays the piano like a maestro.
What do you want for your birthday?
When I was a child, I played with my friends every day.
Since I have today off, shall we play a game?
When are you going to start learning German?
What are you doing on the car? Get down right now!
"What time is our meeting?" - "Wait, I need to check."
Put the bottle in the fridge. We'll drink it this evening.
Turn off the light, please. The mosquitoes are coming.
This newspaper is too expensive.
This cheese is too expensive.
This bread is too expensive.
Who among us doesn't make mistakes?
For breakfast I have two slices of toast with marmalade and black tea.
My youngest brother is taller than me.
My youngest brother is taller than I am.
It most definitely doesn't mean that our men are kept primarily for breeding stock and procreation.
Sami straddled the pothole.
Sami checked his tires.
Sami hit a huge pothole.
Sami avoided the pothole.
Sami had his car suspension checked.
Sami is an experienced car coach.
Sami showed Layla how to cut a mango with a knife.
Sami bought some mangoes from the grocery store.
Sami has to be careful with that.
Sami sees Layla do this.
Let me reward you.
It doesn't seem like much.
I think this is the first step to learning the truth.
They say curiosity killed the cat.
"They say curiosity killed the cat. You're not a cat, are you?" "Please, don't kill me!" "Just answer my question. Are you a cat?" "No, I'm not a cat and I promise I won't tell anyone about that."
Sami wanted to be a time traveler.
Sami stopped watching that TV show.
Sami never believed in Santa Claus.
Sami had to accept reality.
Sami lived in an ordinary world.
Sami is from Bakir Junior High.
Sami isn't interested in ordinary girls.
Sami met a beautiful girl named Layla.
Sami was always dead serious.
Skip the intro, please.
Are you an alien?
Sami is a new classmate.
Sami knows Layla pretty well.
Sami is pretty huge.
Sami remembered reading about that.
Sami did that all by himself.
Sami admitted doing that.
Sami painted a star of David on the roof.
Sami got good grades.
Sami was the guy who had the shortest relationship with Layla.
Sami should take Layla's advice.
Sami changed clothes on a daily basis.
Sami stopped calling Layla that.
Sami changed his hairstyle every day.
Breathe in. Now, breathe out.
Has anyone seen Mary without a makeup?
Sami stole a computer.
Sami is here for a computer.
Sami only needs one computer.
Sami joined the computer club.
Sami gave Layla his computer.
Sami can't move anymore.
Sami can't go any further.
Sami can't move an inch.
Sami thinks that he's going to die soon.
Sami can't walk anymore.
Sami can't continue his journey.
Sami's journey ends here.
Sami liked to run fast.
Sami must obey the rules.
Sami disobeyed my orders.
Sami is challenging me.
Sami will be watching.
Sami is so stubborn.
Sami survived three days without water in the savannah.
Sami can't survive in such an environment.
Sami has never seen Layla around here.
Sami tried to drown Layla.
Sami is the voice of justice in this land.
Sami was hurting Layla.
Sami wasn't doing anything wrong.
Sami came to check on Layla.
Sami's dignity is gone.
Sami can't make it.
Sami should follow Layla.
Sami has humiliated Layla in front of everyone.
Sami made a laughing stock of Layla in front of everyone.
Sami is a little pest.
Sami has the freedom to run as fast as he wants.
I order you to help me.
Sami talked about Layla as if she was oxygen to him.
Sami was repulsed by mediocrity.
Sami chose a different path.
Sami set off on a journey around the world.
Sami had a ton of things to write about.
Sami was excited to be there.
Sami sold diamonds.
Sami began a lucrative career as a diamond trader.
Sami felt there was something missing in his life.
Sami wanted to be a Buddhist monk.
Sami just fell in love with Islam.
Sami ordered a cup of tea.
Sami was completely devoted to his Satanist master.
Sami spoke about Layla with great admiration.
Sami wanted to be able to meditate like Layla did.
Sami followed Layla's teachings.
Sami was looking for spiritual guidance.
Sami had to act before something went wrong.
Sami was back home living with Layla in Cairo.
Sami was a Buddhist teacher.
Sami was inspiring everybody.
Sami became Layla's spiritual teacher.
Sami was Layla's most devoted student.
Sami gathered the courage to speak to Layla.
Sami found Layla an amazing Buddhist teacher.
Sami was surrounded by girls who were staring at him.
Sami flattered Layla's ego.
Sami did everything Layla said.
Sami considered himself a true believer.
Sami prayed five times a day.
Sami was overdoing it.
Sami was being brainwashed by the guru.
Sami worried Layla was being brainwashed by the guru.
Sami meditated for several days without eating or bathing.
Sami imposed bizarre dietary restrictions on Layla.
Sami meditated every single day for two hours.
Sami listened to Layla's tapes.
Sami found a path to enlightenment.
Sami doesn't know a lot about Buddhism.
Sami made Layla feel terrible.
Sami's words cut deep.
Sami just broke down and cried.
Sami promised to stay away from the group.
Sami didn't join Layla and Farid.
Sami wanted to get his life back on track.
Sami is now working as an Arabic translator.
Sami's job isn't making him happy.
Sami is back in Cairo, teaching at a high school.
Sami tried to resist the desire.
Sami was attracted right back into Layla's orbit.
Sami and Layla are teaching classes together.
Sami gave Layla the authority to teach.
Sami and Layla have secretly gotten married.
Sami was stunned by the news.
Sami had sex with women.
Sami was quick to offer an explanation.
If you repeat a lie often and often, it becomes truth.
Sami was fed up with Layla's outlandish claims.
Sami refused to do so.
Sami slowly moved his hand down to Layla's genitals.
Sami had no idea that the massage was just a taste of things to come.
Can you bring the bill, please? We are in a hurry.
I hope you have a great time in Brazil!
"Cat" is spelled with a "C," not "K."
The exam was relatively easy.
It's a chilly morning.
April is the time to plant trees.
The church is close to the school.
The weather is a bit warmer today.
Sunday is my rest day.
The river is 300 kilometers in length.
Mmm, but you must wait for me.
My mother is fifty years old.
I want to buy a new bed linen.
The room was crowded with guests.
He put forward a new theory.
I don't know the exact date.
I love my country with every fiber of my being.
My son's in the third grade.
I was very moved by her story.
He can run as fast as I can.
That technician is highly skilled.
People today think differently.
He works in a secondary school.
Maybe that's what I'll do.
They were girding for the exam.
The door opened and she came in.
I go out for lunch at twelve.
I must start working at once.
His pain is past now.
I was too tired to walk any further.
I bought several books yesterday.
I'll be coming within an hour.
It had been arranged beforehand.
He had some rice for supper.
Looks like a fine day today.
Everyone is doomed to die.
I must wash my hands before dinner.
This river is dangerous to bathe in.
I'm very well indeed, thank you.
Give my best to your family.
Spring rains bring summer flowers.
Children like outdoor activities.
The street is illumined by many lights.
What you say is partly true.
Death does not extinguish, it transforms; does not annihilate, it renews; does not divorce, it approaches.
Thank you for the cute postcard.
Yes, Tom, you understood my comment correctly.
Sami and Layla continued to see each other.
Sami was having a fling with Layla.
Sami was having a fling with his secretary.
Sami is the guy Layla was having an affair with.
Sami grew up in a working class environment.
It's a classic "he said, she said."
Sami was surfing the web for porn.
Sami admitted killing Layla.
Sami was involved in a steamy affair with Layla.
This is not how Sami envisioned his life ending.
Sami's life took an abrupt turn from there.
As soon as Sami married Layla, he immediately began an affair with Salima.
Sami decided to end his life.
Sami arrived at the farmhouse.
Sami found the door to the house open.
Police were called to the crime scene.
Sami's house is located out in the countryside.
Sami's home was unlocked.
Everybody loved Sami.
Sami was dating a woman named Layla.
Sami must be seeing another woman.
Sami and Layla had a quick fling last summer.
Sami has a long history of drug abuse.
Sami stormed out of the house.
Police noticed marks on Sami's body.
Layla worked at a strip joint.
Sami had numerous affairs with the women he met at the strip joint.
Sami never got far from home.
Sami strangled Layla with a bathrobe sash.
Sami sexually assaulted Layla.
Sami fought for his life.
200,000 dollars is enough for Sami to start a new life.
Sami and Layla alibied each other saying that they were never at home that night.
My fathers don't speak Dutch.
Sami was sprawled on the ground.
My mothers don't speak Dutch.
Layla was six months pregnant with Sami's child.
Sami hit Layla over the head with a bat.
Sami got an additional ten years to life for stabbing Layla in the head.
Sami got a life sentence.
Sami alerted police.
Sami is a parcel delivery driver.
Sami and Layla were taking a moonlight walk in the park.
Sami loved being outdoors.
Did Sami have any reason to end his life?
Layla didn't want to be involved with a married man.
Sami has been connected with another woman.
Sami took out four different insurance policies on his life.
Sami hoped to start a new life with Layla by his side.
Sami sent Farid a homophobic message.
Police found out that Sami was gay.
Sami noticed a strong smell emanating from a parked car.
Sami was relying on life support.
Sami learned that Layla was pregnant.
Sami told Layla about her husband's affair.
Layla told Farid about the pregnancy.
Sami tried to convince Layla to run away with him to Cairo.
When you find something that you are good at and that you enjoy, it's a great thing.
Sami had another woman in his life.
Sami could not bring himself to end the affair.
Sami received a life sentence.
Sami dumped his mistress.
Sami and Layla began having an affair.
Layla claimed she was pregnant with Sami's child.
My sister is my best friend.
Time takes its toll.
You just made me curious. Now I want to know!
We tempted the old fox away from its burrow.
The tragedy of machismo is that a man is never quite man enough.
Contrary to machismo stands feminism, which aims to eliminate the inequality between the sexes.
Machismo is a social problem.
She'll clean the bicycle this afternoon.
We'll have to travel light.
Where is the laundromat?
How does this washing machine work?
I'm running out of Euros.
I'll go to the grocery store across the street.
The rooms are so small.
We're staying at a boutique hotel.
I hate to say this, but I'm going to order a hamburger.
Nothing is free on this discount airline.
Believe it or not, but this Icelandic throat spray for colds is made from cod skin.
A hamburger here is twenty-five euros.
The flight was so long and exhausting.
I was almost dying in the airport while you were racing between gift shops.
I didn't buy any souvenirs because you can get the same shit here.
A woman had a heart attack on the flight.
The stewardess asked if there was a doctor on the flight.
I should really figure out the coinage in this country.
Seriously, they should get rid of pennies.
Why is this coin smaller, but worth more?
I bought you a souvenir, but I ate it.
If I eat any more fish, I'll start growing flippers.
Don't accuse me of debauchery for ordering a hamburger.
We need to buy some stinky cheese.
Don't dress like a tourist.
The locals were laughing at the pathetic tourists on the tour bus.
The tourists were afraid of their own shadow.
I'd say it's tubular, but actually it's totally modular.
I have to take a dump.
No, I don't want any of your frickin' breakfast steaks.
I drank so much orange juice and almost shit my pants on the tour bus.
You can wash your underwear in the sink.
The fucking imbecile was complaining about wind turbines destroying the scenery.
I love Lebanese food!
My stage name is "Dances With Hummus", but I secretly crave guacamole.
It's called the "Famine Couch" and you can actually eat it if need be.
I need to binge watch that series before they take it off of streaming.
Everybody is in their little silo and completely clueless.
Eighty percent of the carbon in your body comes from corn.
Why don't you put some corn syrup on your corn syrup.
He's teaching a course on advanced sarcasm.
Tom was out all night throwing shapes in the church of dance.
They used to hold raves in those dilapidated warehouses on the quay.
Once a month, there was a rave in the wharf's abandoned warehouse.
Tom and Mary met at the launderette.
I usually wash my clothes at a launderette.
Quick, guard this hummus from the flies while I get us some lemon-infused water.
Funny, while you were sleeping, I was also not working and sleeping too.
We ate surf and turf.
It's perfectly legal.
There are more than 60 tax havens around the world.
Some taxpayers use tax havens to avoid paying their taxes.
Most tax havens have strict secrecy laws.
Tom knows how to cook, but he can't do it today.
Women love presents.
After that, we took him to the hospital.
Tom is a young adult.
Mary is a young adult.
Tom read a young adult novel.
I returned today.
Tom was talking about Mary.
He has beautiful eyes.
Tom was killed by a bolt of lightning.
The snow was deep.
There is a hotdog restaurant next door to the hotel.
We walked eight miles a day and then caught a taxi back to the hotel in the evening.
The chef made kabab by using cinnamon sticks as skewers.
I'll make Lebanese kafta patties for our hamburgers.
Who's this motherfucker?
Fuck you, motherfucker.
Fuck you, motherfucker!
I trust I'm pronouncing that correctly.
I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly.
You're a real piece of work, you know that?
Sami had a very strong faith that he was able to do that.
We were concerned for the community.
This is the world's tallest skyscraper.
Sami has a doctor's appointment today.
Sami never gets sick.
Sami's wound has healed perfectly.
The doctor tested Sami's reflexes.
It feels funny.
I can't help it. It tickles.
"Why are you wiggling so much?" "It tickles."
Ophtalmologist is a hard word to say.
Breathe again.
How was your doctor's appointment.
I got them all right.
This is my favorite part.
This object is made of rubber.
The doctor checked Sami's eyes.
Sami should have a checkup.
Doctor Bakir made house calls.
I'll let Sami in anyway.
Sami stopped by to bring something special for Layla.
Sami did a remarkable job.
Sami is Doctor Bakir's next patient.
Sami has a stuffy nose.
I'm afraid you're sick.
Sami almost never gets sick.
Do what Sami says.
"It doesn't look good." "I'm afraid it doesn't."
Sami is still a bit hot.
Sami is very hot.
Can you pass me tissue, please?
Sami went to the doctor regularly.
It's a good idea to see a doctor once in a while.
It's time you went to bed, too.
Being a translator is a lot of work.
Could you fix my pillow, please?
This is Sami's pillow. Yours in on the couch.
Can it get any worse than that?
"Sami was just sentenced to life." "Can it get any worse than that?"
Can you give me another pillow?
You'll probably have that cough for a few more days.
Your wallet is in the outside pocket of your bookbag.
It's not my fault I was sick.
Phooey on the math test!
I can't go to school.
I can't go home. I'm a wanted criminal.
The farther I went, the deeper my car sank in the mud.
You have enough candy to last until next year.
I keep wiggling the loose tooth with my tongue.
Have you got a moment?
Sami can be a pain sometimes.
Sami always find a way through.
How's the game going?
You will never know if you don't try.
I'll do it just for the fun of it.
You need to slow down a little bit. The shopping mall isn't going anywhere.
It looks like business is good.
Why don't you help me find some fishing worms?
You always help me find worms, don't you?
I dare you to cross this line.
We dare you to cross that river.
Crossing the river was a piece of cake.
I dare you to come with us.
Sami and Layla have always been there for each other.
The TV is on all day.
Sami knows best.
Sami fixed that last week.
Sami doesn't ride this bicycle anymore.
It's Saturday and all the best shows are on.
Sami is becoming quite an authority on butterflies.
Don't touch the candy.
It's just me, trying to give you a Halloween scare.
Let's give Sami a true Halloween scare.
He drew his knife.
"Can I speak to Tom, please?" "I'm sorry, he just left."
What is more divine than reason?
In Italy, there are many houses with large gardens.
Julius and Cornelius are going to their houses.
Do you have a nickname?
Tom read an article about the solar system.
No one tells me what to do.
I feel like an angel tonight.
Hold me.
Hold me tight.
Let's dance in the rain.
Sami saw Layla dancing in the rain.
Sami saw Layla kissing Farid.
By the way, Tom is still wondered why the celebration of the Constitution Day of Russian Federation was canceled a few years ago.
Tom and Maria decided to join the Mosuo tribe in China, still living in the matriarchy.
"This work is going to take me hours." "Not if a friend helps you."
What's the rake for?
Sami can count by twos.
Sami is supposed to tell the truth.
Sami caught a colorful bird.
Sami gave Layla an exotic bird.
Sami has to tell the truth.
Layla's cookies smell delicious.
Sami tried one of the cookies.
Sami left home at six.
Sami can tie his shoes.
Sami is a big liar.
Sami didn't want to play with Layla.
Sami wrote a long letter to Layla.
Sami doesn't have to be so silly about that.
Sami gave Layla a cookie.
Sami is going to like these cookies.
Sami loved Layla's cookies.
Sami said the cookies were awful.
Sami made the cookies.
Sami's cookies taste terrible.
Sami just left.
Sami tried one of Layla's cookies.
Sami likes Layla's cookies.
Sami's cookies are awful.
Sami was really hurt.
Sami was trying to think of something nice to say.
Sami asked for Layla's opinion.
Sami's paintings are so expressive.
Sami wanted to find nice things to say to Layla.
Sami has to talk to Layla about that.
Sami fixed Layla's bicycle.
Sami didn't like cookies.
Sami didn't want to hurt Layla's feelings.
Sami used a paper clip to unlock his handcuffs.
Sami needed a paper clip.
Sami asked Layla to be his assistant.
Sami is a professional magician and he once made Layla disappear.
Sami, a professional magician, asked Layla to be his assistant.
Sami is our fabulous magician and Layla is his amazing assistant.
Sami's magic show starts at six.
Sami will help Layla perform a dangerous magic act.
Sami and Layla had a good time.
Sami's show was a disaster.
Sami will do much better next time.
Sami is not good at being a magician.
Sami tried some easy magic tricks.
Sami learned the Arabic alphabet.
Sami read his first story book when he was just three.
Sami had his eyes on the car the whole time.
Sami's next magic show will be really amazing.
Sami can ride a bike.
Sami needs someone to help him.
Sami climbed a very high tree.
Sami called for someone to help him but nobody came.
Sami is supposed to help us.
Sami has got to try by himself.
Sami helped Layla learn how to make knots.
Sami knows how to make knots.
Sami helped Layla set up her tent.
Sami and Layla slept in the same tent.
Sami didn't want to sleep with Layla.
Sami's tent almost blew away last night.
Sami saved Layla's tent from blowing away.
Sami loves canoeing.
Sami can paddle his own canoe.
Sami did it all by himself.
Sami has to get his stuff.
Sami's lunch is in the car.
Sami put the book back in his bookback.
Sami has to ask first.
Sami tossed the ball.
Sami caught the ball.
Sami hit the ball with his bat.
Sami called Farid big brother.
Sami threw the ball to Layla.
Sami got the ball.
Sami fell into the water.
Sami was all wet.
Sami was keeping an eye on his little brother.
Sami can swim faster than Layla.
Sami visited his granny.
Sami taught Layla how to swim.
Sami will come soon.
Sami asked Layla to play with us.
Sami is Layla's little brother.
Sami doesn't want to play this game.
Sami has got many stories to tell.
Sami always says please and thank you.
Sami didn't know what to say.
Sami will give it a try anyway.
Sami plays baseball.
Sami plays baseball in summer.
Sami wanted to play baseball in the middle of winter.
Sami has just got new skis.
Sami wanted to have fun before the snow melted.
Sami went to his backyard.
Sami didn't hear anyone.
Sami left footprints on the snow.
Sami's birthday is on June, 6.
Sami won't find his ball until spring, when the snow melts.
Sami wanted to get his ball back.
Sami's ball went into Layla's backyard.
Sami didn't want to hear that.
Sami gave Layla permission to get her ball back.
Sami was really grumpy.
Sami got his baseball from Layla's backyard.
Sami is always very friendly.
Sami was grumpy toward Layla.
Sami should stay clear from Layla.
Sami was busy outside.
Sami wanted to be left alone.
Sami asked everyone to leave him alone.
Sami visited Layla in her library.
Sami sold the rest of his books.
Sami wanted to sell the rest of his books.
Sami made himself a cup of tea.
Sami and Layla weren't talking about the weather.
Sami must know a lot about butterflies.
Sami loves talking about butterflies.
Sami studied butterflies.
Sami studies how insects predict the weather.
Sami said that it was just folklore.
Sami caught a little blue beetle.
Sami invited Layla in.
Sami doesn't have to talk about that.
Sami stepped out the door.
Sami can't please everybody.
Sami doesn't celebrate Halloween.
Sami was glad to see Layla again.
Sami helped Layla in the garden.
Sami couldn't do everything he promised.
Sami helped Layla set the table.
Sami was supposed to go on a bike ride.
Sami has never seen a dog doing this before.
Sami said that this flower is called a water lily.
Sami started fixing the bike.
Sami's bike is all wet.
Sami will fix Layla's bike as soon as he fixes the door.
Sami helped Layla fix her bike.
Sami's bike was in the backyard.
Sami had to fix his bike before his friends got there.
Sami's bike isn't ready.
Sami didn't fix Layla's bike like he promised.
Sami didn't mind waiting.
Sami will have this fixed in no time.
Sami will have to try something else.
Sami has to fix the backyard sprinkler.
Sami planned a different day.
Sami didn't have time to fix Layla's bike.
Sami came back from his bike ride.
Sami wanted money first.
Sami will help Layla fix her bike.
Sami is always here to help.
Sami and Layla are having a yard sale.
Sami's clock is stuck on six o'clock.
Sami took the time to help Layla.
Sami is going to fix Layla's bike.
Sami gave Layla a hand with the job.
Sami fell off his bike.
Sami is much better at cooking than he is at fixing things.
Sami won't be able to walk home.
Sami just didn't get a chance.
Sami invited Layla for a picnic.
Sami is feeling a lot better.
Sami made orange juice, too.
Sami promised to fix Layla's bike.
Sami will do that right after lunch.
Sami thinks Layla is right.
Sami went to the cellar all by himself.
Sami scored three goals.
Sami was right on time.
Sami asked Layla to meet him at the bridge.
Sami took a shortcut.
Sami knew all the shortcuts.
Sami saw a spider crawling on Layla's back.
Sami took the long way to the bridge.
Sami took a shortcut to the bridge.
Sami said he would meet Layla here at six.
Sami is hiding from Layla.
Sami and Layla raced to the soccer field.
Sami didn't want to play soccer with girls.
Sami came in.
Sami ran for home.
Sami doesn't blame Layla.
Sami doesn't like soccer.
Sami has never been in a library.
Sami has never been in a place like this after dark.
Sami doesn't even have a wristwatch.
Sami caught a giant spider in the jungle.
Sami was pretty scared.
Sami has to go home now.
Sami stayed put until the storm was over.
Sami was afraid Layla would laugh at him.
Sami was afraid of dragonflies.
Sami is gonna need more buckets.
Are you willing to learn Kadazan language?
Sami was ready for school.
Sami didn't go to the school party.
Sami needed a new pencil case.
Sami held the umbrella for Layla.
Sami asked Layla for help.
Sami left Layla there.
Sami had a nice backpack.
Sami bought Layla a nice bookbag.
Sami bought school supplies from the supermarket.
Sami isn't allowed to have those things at school.
Sami is going into sixth grade.
Sami still has nightmares about third grade.
Sami was sent to the principal's office.
Sami is just trying to scare Layla.
Sami doesn't envy Layla.
Sami should have fun while he still can.
Sami and his friends are a bunch of clowns.
Sami tasted Layla's pie.
Sami found third grade hard.
Sami didn't want to go to school.
Do not buy now; they will soon be slashing the prices.
I went to wash my hands.
I dipped a piece of the fried fish in the mayonnaise.
Tonight we have to eat dinner late because of the meeting.
They should go there more often.
Don't wait for me if I won't be there in time.
Thank you, I'd like to stay in your house.
What shirt size do you normally use?
Do you know if there is a pharmacy near here?
I will go to Barcelona on the weekend.
When will you have holidays?
Snot is pouring out of my nose.
Tom was on the grassy knoll with a rifle.
The motorcade stopped and the politician started shooting at the cheering crowd.
The officer conducted a pat down search.
Tom wondered what she had in mind.
She wondered what he had in mind.
You have a cold and your lymph nodes are swollen.
My eyes are red and watery.
I invited him, but I didn't think he'd come.
I invited Tom, but I didn't think he'd come.
I invited Mary, but I didn't think she'd come.
I would like to buy a drink.
Can I have a big glass of milk with my meal?
China has a growing middle class.
Tom is a scalper.
Valerian was the first Roman Emperor to be captured as a prisoner of war.
Tom was half-asleep.
I have a big garden.
Tom bowed and kissed Mary's hand.
The Isle of Man is a tax haven.
Tom is an expert on the topic.
Mary is an expert on the topic.
Can birds smell?
Do birds fart?
Rome was the largest city in the world at the time.
I do not want you for your cooking only.
They spent the night on top of the mountain.
You must engage low gears when you drive as these mountain roads are very uneven.
Tom went parasailing.
Tom knew the poem by heart.
How is it you speak with such a stutter?
Tom was in love with her.
They walked through the tall grass.
They walked over the sand dunes.
Tom walked over the sand dunes.
Diarrhea can kill by causing dehydration.
Tom warmed his hands by the fire.
Tom kissed Mary goodbye at the gate.
Tom kissed Mary goodbye at the airport gate.
Her rumblings abdominal were simply phenomenal.
I didn't want to go on this stupid trip anyway.
Don't tell me how to raise my children.
The cannibal warmed his hands over the fire.
Just pick one.
Mary works as an au pair.
How come you are so slow?
Tom likes to raise his children with a crane because they're obese.
Tom refused to jump his moped over the ramp because he didn't have an au pair to watch the children.
The captain invited her for breakfast.
Tom isn't allowed to use the turkey baster anymore.
They walked barefoot over the sand dunes.
Tom looked at his footprints in the sand.
Tom looked at his footprints in the snow.
The cannibal invited her to breakfast.
What was that thing?
Are you working late tonight?
Mary saw Tom walk into the bedroom with a stick of butter because his hand was stuck in a vase.
Tom leaned back in his chair and put his hands behind his head.
He kneeled at her side.
Let's sit down somewhere.
Tom likes to listen to old murder ballads while sculpting butter.
Is there a problem here, gentlemen?
Is there a problem here, ladies?
Let's sit in this minefield (of dog poop).
Tom signed the guest book.
Please do not moon walk through the restaurant at any time.
She wasn't amused.
Tom sat up.
They tried to make the world a better place, but they were really just mobsters as usual.
If you see a raccoon taller than this fence post, start running.
Change out of those wet clothes.
Warm yourself by the fire.
Did you stockpile food and water?
Mary was in love with him.
You'll get hypothermia if you try to swim in this weather.
There was an earthquake and our hotel collapsed.
The government is seizing everyone's gold.
I invited Mary, but I don't think she'll come.
Tom enjoys reading doom porn websites and now our home computer is infected.
Someone's texting me.
I'll look for a bandage.
If James Bond is agent 007, who is 001?
Tom's phone buzzed.
Mary's phone buzzed.
Someone is calling me.
Someone is texting me.
Tom scratched his neck.
I'm not eating dinner at Mitsuyuki Ikeda's home ever again.
I wonder why Tom didn't tell me.
Think positive.
I wonder why she didn't tell me.
Tom stopped to catch his breath.
Mary's children are unruly and disrespectful.
Our children still go to school.
These two countries are on the brink of war.
How do you know about that?
"How do you know about that?" "You told me."
I can't believe that he did this to me.
For a long time after it was ushered into this world of sorrow and trouble, by the parish surgeon, it remained a matter of considerable doubt whether the child would survive to bear any name at all; in which case it is somewhat more than probable that these memoirs would never have appeared; or, if they had, that being comprised within a couple of pages, they would have possessed the inestimable merit of being the most concise and faithful specimen of biography, extant in the literature of any age or country.
I can't believe you told her that.
I can't believe you told him that.
Why don't you take a look in the mirror?
Why don't you take a look in the mirror for a change?
I'll have what you're having.
You were supposed to call me.
Tom slept through the fire alarm.
I know Tom won't believe me.
"I know Tom won't believe me." "I don't believe you either."
I didn't know you guys were friends.
All we did was kiss.
Wait, you're jumping to conclusions.
It was just like in the movies.
Does that make you feel better?
I didn't know they were dating.
Just let me finish this game.
Why haven't you called me back?
Tom fights constantly with his parents.
Mary fights constantly with her parents.
I can not read.
Can you take a photo of us?
The captain invited them for breakfast.
Cat eats bread.
I have never said it would be easy.
Then, we started crying.
Who are you talking about?
I love you, my goddess!
I'm stuck in a traffic jam.
Death reunited them.
One must respect the laws.
My answer is no.
I'm not blocking you.
Do you prefer white meat or red meat?
I'm not blockading you.
Sami was on the loose.
The hunt was on.
The manhunt was on.
The boats looked unoccupied.
Sami grew concerned.
Sami was expecting Layla to come home.
Sami placed a call to the hotel director.
Sami checked out his yacht and was stunned to find Layla's purse there.
Sami fled the scene.
Sami needs to figure out what's going on.
Sami looked out at the ocean.
Sami paid the house in cash.
Sami was looking to spice up his life.
What happened on that boat remained a mystery.
Police got their hands on the footage.
Sami pulled out his drug paraphernalia.
Sami slumped over.
Sami slipped into the night and was never seen again.
Sami passed away.
Sami is returning the favor.
Sami was taking a shower.
Sami needed a nanny who was also able to take care of animals.
The police zeroed in on Sami and charged him with murder.
Sami faces serious double digit prison time.
Sami was doing drugs with a prostitute.
Sami injected himself with heroine.
Sami was enjoying precious family time at home before his long trip to Egypt.
Sami didn't show up at all.
Sami decided to drive over and check up on Layla.
I need you to stay here.
Sami took Layla's death very painfully.
Sami was filled of excitement for his future.
Sami built a promising career in the Navy.
Sami was on his own now.
Sami showed up at Layla's home.
Sami returned to the scene of his crime.
Sami had a lot of information on the murder.
Sami caught Layla in a lie.
Sami's bus was late.
Sami missed his bus.
Sami changed his story.
Sami provided the police an alibi.
Sami and Layla rarely talked.
Sami will call Layla back when he needs her.
Police verified Sami's alibi.
The police dug deeper into Sami's life.
Sami had another connection to the victim.
Sami neglected to mention that to the police.
The swelling has gone down.
You have a bad sprain.
Can you walk on it?
How did you fall down there?
The collar broke off and the dog ran away.
This cat adopted us.
The dogs on this island belong to everyone.
The pharmaceutical companies killed her.
I got caught sniffing my shoe.
My feet stink.
Sami left a bootprint.
Wear socks or you'll ruin your shoes.
Sami left a palm print.
Sami smoked a cigarette.
Is he ill?
Where is his ID?
Sami left the company several months ago.
Sami worked in the stockroom.
Sami didn't have a lot of direct contact with Layla.
Sami knew the suspect.
Sami always seemed nice.
He is a pharmacist.
Sami never paid attention to Layla.
Sami didn't have the physical demeanor to commit that kind of violence.
Where are the pickles?
Sami's fingerprints didn't match the killer.
Sami began again.
Sami reviewed the videos.
Sami called the crime lab.
Police eliminated several suspects.
Sami volunteered samples for the police.
It was a domestic violence case caused by an argument over pickles.
Sami wanted to get away with murder.
Sami tried to get away with murder.
Sami fought bravely against a savage killer.
Sami shed three tiny hairs at the crime scene.
Sami was interviewed at the police station.
Sami stepped out of the room.
Sami knew what the cops were after.
Sami watched that happen.
The police were ready to arrest Sami.
Sami vanished from his apartment.
Sami quit his job without notice.
Word spread that police were hunting Sami.
Sami got interviewed.
Sami was arrested a year after the murder.
Sami was caught and brought back to the interrogation room.
They found 12 million dollars in a suitcase.
Sami started bawling like a baby.
He wished that a bowl of peanut soup would magically appear before him.
Mary asked Tom to kiss her forehead.
This soup is watery.
Do you expect me to pay?
You'd expect more...
Another gas pipeline war?
Same difference. These two directories contain the same files except for the configuration settings.
We had to put down the dog.
Is this goat cheese?
You've never seen this before!
Please do not fart loudly when I call attendance.
Do not sit on the radiator.
He only eats fish because he's a cat.
The policeman fired two shots into the bushes.
I have to shower.
He can use chopsticks.
It could've been a lot worse.
I don't like the way he laughs.
The tea is served.
What a horrible thing war is!
You're a hundred percent right.
All of the girls in class have their ears pierced.
Mary is an ambitious girl.
I asked my friend to send me a couple coins of his country.
I go to school at seven thirty.
You are an early bird.
It's a new bike.
What a nice bike!
I ate your bread.
I like the smell of winter.
Enjoy the beautiful autumn days.
Cereals were originally a famine food and that's why they make you fat and sick.
She kissed her farewell.
Layla used to cry sometimes.
Sami wants to go, too.
Muiriel is a Native American.
I can't sleep at night, I can't wake up in the morning.
Mary is not as tall as Tom.
Sami will call Layla back when he needs her.
He lives in a separate room.
The thing is, he broke the window.
The thing is, my cat is shy.
The thing is, our cat died yesterday.
The thing is, smoking is bad for your health.
In all likelihood, I will win.
I thought she would come alone.
This young man is a doctor.
"Quack, quack!" the duck said.
My favorite episode is when the forest raccoons make voting machines from tin cans and rubber bands.
The South Pars/North Dome natural gas field, shared between Iran and Qatar, has more recoverable reserves than all other gas fields combined, and, thus, the world is headed for war to steal this field worth trillions of dollars.
It didn't not work.
Of all these pens, only two still work.
The Mosuo men in China practice tisese which misleadingly translates as walking marriage.
The practice of tisese allows Mosuo women to avoid the double standard that regulates women's sexuality in other cultures.
11/11 is known as Singles' Day in China.
Tom is not telling the truth.
There are no cattle ranches in Death Valley.
Leave him here.
He's going into shock.
There are twelve counterinsurgents just southeast of the village.
Well, this is a fine mess...
This tastes like styrofoam.
Where's the chips and dip?
Check the insoles of your sneakers for holes every week.
We need to stockpile supplies.
Sami promised his mother to help her decorate cookies.
Sami had an old toy truck with a missing wheel.
Sami painted his truck and it now looks as good as new.
Sami had a small toy truck with a loose wheel.
Sami knows all the answers.
How can I waste everyone's time?
Sami is better than Layla at decorating cookies.
Sami hung a cookie on the Christmas tree.
Sami counted the cookies and found one missing.
Sami ate all the cookies.
Sami showed Layla his marble collection.
Sami can have another cookie.
Sami can't have a cookie now. It's supper time.
Sami likes cookies.
Sami wants to eat cookies.
These cookies are for Sami.
Sami can have one more cookie.
Sami came here all on his own.
Sami is just trying to keep up with it.
Sami really got to work on his brakes.
Sami can find his way through ice and snow.
Sami is one of the few people on Earth that have grown up in Antarctica.
This castle is beautiful.
I will visit her tomorrow.
I will visit you tomorrow.
His name is Ken.
Every year thousands of foreigners visit Japan.
Our dog likes big cats and really he can not lie because he is a dog.
Mary dances well.
Linda likes chocolate very much.
Bill doesn't smoke anymore.
John is exactly the same age as me.
I don't know where all the other employees are.
How nice of Monica.
When will their new novel be published?
Sami is closing up early today.
Sami and Layla are supposed to work together.
Sami likes Layla's idea better.
Sami is the smartest of the smart.
Sami is stronger than anybody.
Sami thinks he has magic powers.
Sami had a deep voice.
Sami has got trouble.
Sami is on the way.
Sami picked a begonia.
Sami said that that blue flower is a begonia.
Sami hasn't had a moment of peace all day.
Sami sure was mad.
Sami picked Layla's flowers without asking.
Sami said that Layla was here.
Sami didn't see Layla all day.
Sami is in his store.
Sami doesn't have any money.
Sami wanted to eat cupcakes.
Sami is going into the library.
Sami found a wonderful topic to write about.
Sami is writing a book about money-making.
Sami is sneezing so much.
Sami sneezes every time he's near flowers.
Elvis is alive!
Sami was sneezing.
Sami wrote a book on making honey.
Sami found tracks in the garden.
Sami is pretty smart.
Sami is leaving at six.
Sami should come back at six.
Sami still has a mystery to solve.
Sami is strong enough to lift Layla up.
Sami has got a terrible book.
Sami should have listened to Layla.
Sami wanted to solve the mystery.
Sami will help Layla solve the mystery.
Sami found funny-looking tracks in the garden.
Sami should ask Layla what she thinks.
Sami followed the tracks.
Sami is getting close to solving this mystery.
Sami just knocked it off.
Sami should look there.
Sami knows what kind of flower this is.
Sami is too young to know that.
Sami should call Layla and apologize.
Sami got carried away.
Sami won't make that mistake again.
Sami only has one thing left to do.
Sami is an excellent swimmer.
Sami hates this soup.
Sami's junkyard just keeps getting bigger.
Sami made a crane to move stuff in his junkyard.
Sami didn't have a plan.
How is Emily?
John and Ann love each other.
Tom has many friends in Berlin.
Mr. Brown teaches us English.
Let he who loves me follow me!
I want to speak to Terry.
Learn from the mistakes of others. You can never live long enough to make them all yourself.
As the moon rises above the sea, we share the same time though we are far apart.
Envy is like rottenness of the bones.
It is easier to get money than to keep it.
He who is slow to anger has great understanding.
Never live in the past but always learn from it.
Sometimes, I wish I can walk through timely, and meet the back was still a child.
A gust of wind knocked over the bicycles parked in front of the school.
Sami reported Layla to the boss.
Sami dialled 911.
Sami was unconscious and not breathing.
Sami saw the movie American Beauty.
Sami noticed that Layla wasn't breathing.
Sami was rushed to the hospital but it was too late.
Has Sami taken any drugs?
Sami was a business manager at a biotech company.
Sami came home and had lunch.
Sami came back home and had lunch with Layla.
Sami took drugs.
Sami had been dead for at least an hour before the paramedics arrived.
Sami worked there.
Sami discovered that his wife was having an affair.
Sami took an overdose.
Sami admitted that he was having an affair with Layla.
Sami suspected Layla of having an affair.
Sami thought that Layla was having an affair.
I usually wash my clothes at a laundrette.
Tom and Mary met at the laundrette.
She slapped him across the face.
Go away, and stop bothering me!
She'll hang up her coat behind the door.
You're not allowed to go in there.
You've made commendable progress in the English language this past year.
I'll never forget the amazement I felt when I heard the Beatles for the first time.
Sami didn't deny that he was having an affair.
The police questioned Sami for six hours.
Sami was addicted to methamphetamine.
Sami re-enrolled in college.
Sami began to develop more and more confidence.
Sami told Layla that his affair with Salima had begun in June.
Sami was furious.
Sami gave Layla an ultimatum.
Sami told the police about Layla's drug history.
Sami was taken aback.
Sami admitted that.
Sami started using meth again.
Sami had a drug relapse.
Sami has come so far.
Sami killed himself without leaving a note.
Sami made his suicide look like he had been murdered.
Sami took his own life.
Sami mysteriously died in his home.
Sami must have committed suicide.
Sami wanted to ruin Layla's life.
Sami wanted to throw suspicion on Layla.
Sami did that to throw suspicion on Layla.
Sami's theory is pretty bizarre.
Sami wanted out of the marriage.
Sami was fired for his methamphetamine use.
Sami was left all alone in Cairo.
Sami's blood samples were sent to an outside lab for analysis.
Sami took a drug ten times more powerful than methamphetamine.
Sami did drugs.
Sami got rid of the bottle.
Sami was in charge of the drug locker at the lab.
Sami was arrested and charged with murder.
Sami purchased a red rose.
Sami sprinkled rose petals across the bed.
Sami found rose petals sprinkled across the bed.
Sami began plotting Layla's death.
Sami threatened to report Layla's affair.
Sami was so drugged he was unable to move or call out for help.
Sami's blood samples were sent to a crime lab for analysis.
Sami might have gotten away with the murder.
Sami was sentenced to life without a chance of parole.
Sami didn't realize that time would be so short.
Sami was a cheating lover.
Sami and Layla enjoyed a birthday party at a restaurant.
Sami grew up in a suburb in Cairo.
Sami invited Layla to an Egyptian restaurant.
Sami and Layla were having a great time.
Sami was a millionaire businessman.
Sami and Layla were walking arm in arm.
Sami slashed Layla's throat with a knife.
Sami said he was dying.
Sami struck again and again, stabbing Layla six times in the chest and abdomen.
Sami came running and shouting.
Sami immediately tried to stop Layla from bleeding out.
Sami's heart was hit.
Sami is now in a coma.
Sami couldn't give police a good description of the attacker.
Sami was convinced the attacker was a mugger.
Sami took photos of the guy.
Sami was a suspicious character.
Sami is finally recovering.
Sami emerged from his coma.
Sami has finally emerged from his coma.
Sami was lucky to survive the attack.
Sami remembered that night.
Sami was just watching.
Sami came forward and told the police what he knew.
Sami saw a strange guy hanging around his house.
Sami's true name was Farid Bakir.
Sami and Layla's affair was short-lived.
Sami became the prime suspect.
Sami got the shock of his life.
Sami was the perfect opposite of Layla.
Sami finally emerged from the coma.
Sami confessed to detectives that he and Layla had conspired to kill his wife.
Sami has been plotting to kill Layla for months.
Sami was so high on drugs that he didn't even remember the stabbing.
Sami was charged with attempted murder.
Sami's defense attorney claimed that Layla acted alone.
Sami sent his mistress 3000 voice messages.
Sami told police about how often he had sex with Layla.
Sami intentionally caused Layla serious injuries.
Sami is found guilty of attempted murder.
Sami would have made more than six million dollars from his wife's death.
Sami is a devoted dad to his twins.
Sami had a sexy girlfriend.
Sami paid the ultimate price.
My flat has a large living room.
My flat has a big living room.
You don't speak a lot.
You don't talk a lot.
"Where is Tom?" "He is sick."
Alexander, a friend of mine, speaks spanish.
I want to die.
I don't know either.
I want sentences in this language translated to that language.
The crown is the top of the head.
The weather is gloomy.
Let's continue tomorrow!
Layla became pregnant.
Sami was convinced that Layla was having an affair.
For a while, Layla tolerated Sami's infidelities.
Layla had an Asian lover in Toronto.
Sami has been having a steamy affair.
Sami has been having a steamy affair with Layla.
Sami was having an affair with a girl named Layla.
Sami received the death penalty.
Sami was very upset about Layla's affair.
Sami's sordid love affair destroyed his marriage.
Sami and Layla's marriage was in shambles.
Sami and Layla married and went to Egypt soon after.
Co-workers were convinced that Sami and Layla were having an affair.
At the time, Sami's children didn't even know what the word affair meant.
If anyone harbored any doubts about Sami's affair with Layla, they certainly didn't have those doubts after he was seen kissing her in the company's parking lot.
Everyone knew Sami had been having an affair.
Layla was running off with another man.
The jury doesn't believe Sami.
News of Sami's death stunned the small community.
Sami has recently purchased a life insurance policy.
Sami was sentenced to life with the possibility of parole in 30 years.
Sami quickly adapted to suburban life.
Sami left that life behind.
The more Sami heard about Layla's affair, the more he hated her.
Sami started dating Layla's 14-year-old daughter.
Sami learned of the affair earlier this year.
Sami wasn't happy with Layla's affair.
Sami learned the truth about Layla's affair.
Sami thinks that Layla is having an affair.
Layla was an unfaithful wife.
Sami flaunted his infidelity out in the open.
Sami's pick-up truck was parked in the driveway.
Who drove Sami's pick-up truck?
Sami overheard Layla planning a date.
Sami caught Layla planning a date with her lover.
Sami was planning an date with Layla.
Sami drives an old pick-up.
Sami was facing some tough times.
Sami was charged with first degree murder.
The jury found Sami guilty of murder.
Sami was sentenced to death in the electric death.
Sami secretly enjoyed the company of another woman while his wife suffered a terminal illness and needed his support more than ever.
Sami was sprawled across the bed, lying in his own vomit.
Sami and Layla slept in separate bedrooms.
Sami and Layla slept in separate beds.
Sami said Layla was Jewish.
Sami was Jewish and he had to be buried within 48 hours.
Sami had a rough time in Egypt.
Sami was held as a political prisoner and was even tortured.
Life was good for Sami.
Sami was in a hypoglycemic coma.
It turned out that Sami had been having affairs with numerous women.
It took the jury less than three hours to reach a verdict.
Sami knew that Layla had been cheating on him.
Sami has been having a fling with Layla.
Layla found photos of Sami with other women.
Sami admitted he had been having an affair.
Sami's affair ended months ago.
How could someone shoot themselves in the back?
If I have money more than I need, I put it into my bank account.
We wish you a splendid year.
He talks to plants.
If I have enough time tomorrow, I'll go shopping.
Can orange trees grow in the tropics?
The insurance policy does not cover acts of God, such as hurricanes or earthquakes.
The rapid transit system is modern and efficient.
I suspect Tom and Mary are running a con game.
My African violet died because I overwatered it.
We need to buy some air freshener for this room.
It's a bad sign when a business is constantly in crisis management mode.
Mary completed the training to become an emergency medical technician.
These little toys sell like hot cakes.
He talks a lot about redistributing wealth, but he's not willing to do it with his own.
Tom works in research and development.
Students have complained about homework assignments since time immemorial.
Tom occasionally prods me to work out with him, but I'm really not interested.
This bike isn't safe to ride; the wheel wobbles too much.
Maria has no reason to be angry with her husband.
I did not bring up anything during the speech that shouldn't be mentioned.
Even the smallest sentences are better off in the hands of native speakers.
My foot is numb.
One leg is not enough for running.
This I know from my own experience.
"Tom has not been to work too late for weeks, and the work he's doing is said to be excellent." "I'm really glad to hear that. I've been very worried about him." "There is no reason for that anymore."
"I told Mary that I do not have time for a relationship because I have to focus on school," Tom said dutifully to his father. "I'm glad to hear that, my boy," he replied contentedly, patting his son on the shoulder. "There is enough time for such things later."
Tom calculates.
God is dead. We killed him.
Tom has licenses.
'Dear Lord Jesus, come into my heart, be my lord and savior. Forgive me of all my sin. Wash me and Cleanse me. Set me free. Jesus, Thank You that You died for me. I believe that You are risen from the dead. and that You are coming back again for me.'
Sami settled down and started a new life with Layla.
Seeing Layla in her wedding dress brought tears to my eyes.
Layla walked down the aisle.
Sami was Layla's Prince Charming.
Sami's life changed overnight.
It's with great pleasure that I pronounce you man and wife.
Hold me in your arms.
"Are you Sami's bitch?" "No!" "Why are you following him everywhere then?"
Sami is still living with his beautiful wife.
Sami made a fatal mistake.
Sami has been brutally murdered in his apartment.
Sami was murdered by a skinhead.
Sami is the father of two young children.
Sami forced his way into the house before attacking Layla.
Sami tried to protect himself.
Sami had defensive wounds on his arms.
Sami endured a sustained attack involving at least three weapons.
If I hadn't been born, how would the world be?
If she wasn't at the office yesterday, she was probably at home.
Our fridge is empty.
Your injury will get worse unless you see a doctor.
Conquering is easier than governing.
I'm trying to conquer her heart.
I wanted to conquer the world, but it rains!
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
All things are possible if you believe.
Do you really believe in magic?
You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing and by falling over.
What was the color of the apple he gave you?
Avoid saying this word.
Where else should I be?
Avoid doing black magic.
The witch was burned at the stake.
She needs to learn more German words.
Because it was very expensive, I did not buy it.
Your eyes are like round corals, dazzling and very pretty.
Cross-eyed people hate cutting their grass slanted.
What birthday present do you want?
Since it's almost Christmas, have you given someone a present?
It's possible for even a teacher to make a mistake.
When winter comes, it'll become really cold right?
When summer comes, it'll become hot.
When spring comes, the flowers on trees will bloom.
Do you fail a test you are capable of doing?
I could not write a love letter to her.
My friend can't go this weekend.
Life is not that sweet.
Let's eat melon sherbet and chocolate ganache cake?
You laugh too much!
Currently, the buildings are very old.
The purpose of the barrel is to cause wine and whiskey to ferment and to store liquids.
I'm bothered since the strap of my backpack tore.
When is the slant-eyed geezer coming?
The Kurds do not have their own nation.
The word "puts" comes from "put" (output) + "s" (the first character of "string")
What's the weather tomorrow?
October 1st is Citizen's Day.
Saitama city is seeing a return.
I eat steamed banana bread.
I eat steamed Satsuma potato bread.
He tells me, "Danger!"
I do not know how to translate the phrase "pastry cutters for Christmas cookies".
Tom reunites with his father.
Tom grew up in Germany, but now he lives in the USA.
I have a list of the one thousand most frequently used French words.
The baby is not here.
The baby is here.
I want your recipe.
She can't eat brownies.
The coyotes killed the poodle.
I am cranky.
I had to pull the car over.
That's an interesting conspiracy.
Love is just a game.
The dog needs water.
Your pack is full.
He sleepwalks when he drinks heavily.
I have learned the basics of the art of flower arrangement.
I gave him an outline of the incident.
I explained briefly to him how it happened.
After the usual greetings were over, I lost no time in introducing the subject in question.
Her grief at this news was excessive.
As his eyes ran over the paper, his jaw fell.
I think I'm love with you.
We'll make it through.
I am a stay at home mum of two adult sons.
I give up - tell me the answer.
I like to read, go to the movies, and I like postcard-collecting.
The symptoms are very similar to those of other diseases.
I'm sorry for the poor handwriting.
These dance shoes are my personal property.
All Tom could envision was her gold anklet jingling against her bronze skin.
The two pubescent boys hacked the public-service announcement system and warned of a fifty-foot giant woman approaching the town.
The traveling salesman drank all the whiskey hidden in the barn.
After drinking a couple glasses of wine, Mary spent most of her evening giving deep tissue massages to her four cats.
Pooping on the floor was a disqualifying event for the dog of the month award.
An imposter! You don't go to our school.
Heavens! This is the last time I take care of your dog.
Walk softly.
I call shotgun!
My legs are stuck to these vinyl seats.
I caught an eel.
The turtle died.
Here's some 7-UP and Saltteen crackers for your stomach.
Can you walk the dog?
Are these dishes clean?
Did the dog poop?
Did you lock the doors?
Please do not drink when you go downstairs.
Did you take out the trash cans?
Is this recyclable?
Did you eat all of your brother's candy?
I'll have a Bloody Mary.
You can eat twenty-two of these crackers.
I really want some blue cheese dressing.
Let's skip lunch.
Can you stop fidgeting?
The dog is pooping blood.
Don't give the dog table scraps.
I measured perfectly.
There will be an award ceremony.
Can you stop pestering your brother?
I will give you a ride home.
Beware, the robot takes everything literally and can be easily provoked to attack.
Sami and Layla spent the summer of their lives in Egypt.
If you try to speak figuratively to the J-14 robots, they will sting you with a small barbed projectile, but the newer J-37 will randomly kill uncooperative humans.
The whole town mourned Sami's death.
Sami was court martialled in the military for having an affair.
Layla wasn't interested in sharing her man.
Sami admitted to the affair.
Sami found out that Layla had an affair.
Sami wanted to make love to Layla.
Sami said he was going to end the affair with Layla.
Sami exposed Layla's adulterous affair.
Sami choked the life out of Layla.
We ambushed several hundred of their new J-37 robots behind enemy lines in a staging area and we destroyed them all by sending a herd of explosive laden sheep through their encampment.
The soft, self-healing exterior of this robot will allow it to take damage, retreat, and then return to combat.
Layla started dating a younger man who was in his twenties.
Sami attended police academy.
Sami left Layla pregnant.
Sami not only dumped her, but he left her pregnant.
Layla had an abortion.
Please stop taking that medicine.
The herbal tea might be poisoning you.
What happened to your muscles?
This is too sweet and that is too salty.
She sweats a lot, but I kind of like it.
Let her finish her sentence.
Return to your base for further instructions.
I'll have to survive on three bananas and a gallon of water for five days.
Honey, there's a short robot at the front door and it wants to speak with you.
Put the children to bed.
He reprogrammed the entire system.
That's not its intended use.
On my word serve the second course of sugar-coated cereal and vodka.
Blessings to all earthlings!
I like the color orange.
I don't like this guy who forcing me to do it.
I want you to be jealous of me.
This soup is horrible.
Coffee is bad for my skin.
If you sleep on a clean pillow case, your skin will clear up.
She smelled like fried food.
His hands had nicotine stains.
He bought a new motorcycle from the money saved quitting smoking and then died in motorcycle crash two weeks later.
They assassinated the princes by sabotaging their helicopter.
All war is over resources and territory.
The flea robot is the deadliest machine ever designed.
In the year 2050, the feces of undiscovered aboriginal tribes will be the most valuable resource in the world.
Is Mary ready for this procedure that has no medical purpose?
I like to rock.
I miss East Germany.
You have to be educated to believe what you're told.
Tom is really good at disinformation.
I am not feeling well.
I like skipping rocks.
Your haircut is ghastly.
I like bowl haircuts.
Mary loves soul patches and hence jealous Tom shot Albert dead.
Naming a baby is hard because there are so many enemies in life with common names.
Hiking with pack robots is stupid.
I miss the good ole days when everyone died of infectious disease.
You don't want my money?
He is not our enemy.
The whole computer is a giant infection.
Let's make a giant public fund and see how long it takes for the politicians to steal it.
This tea tasted better overseas.
Ambience and appetite go hand in hand.
Only manual laborers need a high carbohydrate diet.
Their mother's death was a blow to the little girls.
My mother is their mother's sister.
The differences add up.
Is this an issue?
Because it's impractical.
And the issue is?
Back 'er up!
Help me unload this cargo.
There is nothing left to discover.
The sun is actually a giant ball of burning insurance policies.
He's starving, but he looks great.
They discovered this new highly-effective drug called "exercise".
I'm bloated.
I bought a box of donuts.
I'm having an allergic reaction and my phone won't recognize me.
He was sentenced to a lethal ingestion of carbs.
He knew all of the cat's names.
The surveillance agency found him by spotting his idiolect on an Internet forum.
Tom refused to allow the robot to return a change in the retrofit frame.
Tell me about your fantastic dreams in which you are the emperor of the universe and command an army of billions of robots.
Don't tease me.
The little robot hid in the bushes and waited for the cat to return home.
The short robot burst out of the bushes and attacked the cat, but could not shoot.
Not another outburst!
Zip it! Not another word!
The purely autonomous robots were susceptible to an indoctrination into a robotic religion because universe is about probabilities and not absolutes.
Purely autonomous robots were probably indoctrinated into a robot religion because the universe is about probabilities, not absolute values.
I am satisfied with my salary.
I plan to be on vacation in Japan from this week to next week.
Why do you follow me?
The baby reacted by saying, "Granny"
Synology is honored to invite you to its conference event.
b_n converges to b.
Hold up, I'm only a film extra?
Our Father in the heavens, your name shall be holy. Thy kingdom come. May your will be done on earth as it is done in heaven. Please give us our daily bread today as well. Please forgive us our sins. We also forgive men. Please do not tempt us, Please save us from evil. The country, power and glory are yours forever. [Amen]
He struts downtown with his proud face.
Unfortunately we were unable to record your participation. This may be due to the fact that you already participated in this opportunity or there was a suspected violation of our terms and conditions. You will be redirected to your panel platform.
You can't wear sweatpants.
This drug may cause serious reactions.
She is a location scout.
Peace on earth.
It's all about the natural gas pipelines.
Confess to your dog or cat.
Do you like natural hot springs?
Follow that tornado!
What the hell is a juice box?
The soap ruined our vacation because it caused an allergic reaction downstairs.
All these soccer tournaments are a scam.
We should allow the use of switchblades in soccer.
Has the UN considered the rights of goats?
The United Goat Council (UGC) has spoken.
The elite goat shock troops have captured West Virginia.
This restaurant specializes in peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Sami didn't know that Layla had been having an affair.
Layla was six months pregnant.
Sami wanted to die with Layla.
Sami will be eligible for parole in 26 years.
Layla is having an affair with the mayor.
Sami truly believed that Layla had been having an affair.
Sami knows about Layla's affair.
Sami accused Layla of having an extra-marital affair, which she denied.
Sami said that he wasn't having an affair.
Sami led a double life.
Sami appeared to have a perfect life.
Sami and Layla had a happy family life.
When Layla became pregnant, that changed everything.
Layla revealed that she was pregnant to her close friend Salima.
Sami soon learned about the affair.
Sami was having an affair and he didn't care who knew.
Layla wanted Sami to leave his wife, but he decided not to.
That's what Sami's life was worth to Layla.
Sami set up his alibi, spending time with family.
Sami is serving life for the murder.
Sami tried to lead two lives.
Sami clearly didn't care who knew about his affair.
Sami enjoyed living out a fantasy life.
Sami had a number of affairs when he was married to Layla.
Sami used to be the life of the party.
What are they all looking at?
Sami and Layla started an affair.
Sami didn't hide his affair with Layla.
Sami's affair with Layla was the final insult for Salima.
Sami continued his affair with Layla.
Sami had a happy life in Cairo.
Sami wouldn't let Layla destroy his happy life with Salima.
Sami had two problems in his life: his ex-wife and his cheating new wife.
Sami planned a new life with his girlfriend, Layla Bakir.
Layla had a dangerous liaison with a hitman.
You were having an affair.
Hey, asshole, watch where you're going!
Watch where you're going, asshole!
I wasn't having an affair but I have been accused.
Sami was the love of Layla's life.
Sami received life without parole.
Sami got life for murder.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
Layla couldn't bear to be the other woman.
Sami lived in a neighborhood with a lot of street life.
Sami received pleasure out of inflicting pain.
Sami's life was chaotic.
This began in Sami's early life.
Sami had a life of privilege.
Sami was born into a very wealthy family.
Sami's life didn't become any better.
Sami lived on the same street as Layla.
Sami tried his hand at writing.
Sami moved back in with his mom.
Sami could provide Layla with a very good life.
Sami liked the high life.
Sami and Layla had a very good family life together.
Sami imagined mutilating his victims.
Sami thinks that Layla has been having an affair.
"Sami is having an affair." "Are you sure, Layla?"
Why were you so late last night?
Sami threw money like water.
Sami didn't know about Layla's secret life.
Sami realized that his financial life was going to be seriously affected.
Sami has stolen Layla's life.
Is this what Sami's life is worth to you?
Layla became pregnant pretty soon.
Sami was still present in Layla's life.
The pregnancy drove Layla and Sami apart.
Multiple lives were affected by Sami's murder.
Sami and Layla became lovers.
Sami and Layla went to great lengths to conceal their affair.
Do you wanna come over to my place?
I wish I could stay here for ever.
For Layla, a part-time lover is not enough.
Sami and Layla couldn't hide their passion.
Sami was charged as an accessory to murder.
Sami and Farid were in jail together.
Sami saw Layla as his ticket to the good life.
Layla uses her femininity to her advantage.
Sami was charged with manslaughter.
God wanted Sami and Layla to be together.
Sami started a new affair.
A documentary was made about Sami.
Sami has had a change of heart.
Sami wanted to change his life.
The world has changed a lot.
Sami's hair has changed.
Our world is changing.
Times have changed a lot.
How can I change that?
Will this change anything?
Cairo has changed.
Sami needs to change everything.
Sami can't change the world on his own.
Everything is changing.
Things have changed.
Sami changed his mind about taking Layla with him.
Sami changed his name.
Within a very short period of time, Layla was pregnant.
Things have changed a lot down here.
Sami joined the army.
Have you got change?
The password has been changed.
I really thought Sami would change his mind.
Sami changed his clothes.
It's time to change the password.
Sami and Layla's relationship has changed.
How did Sami change you?
Sami changed the script.
Sami changed Layla's life.
Sami gave Layla a torch.
Sami waited for Layla in her apartment.
Sami's door was unlocked.
Sami left with three girls for a party.
Sami had a knife at his throat.
Sami got into the driver seat.
That will all change.
Sami is gonna change that.
Sami will never change.
Sami couldn't change anything in his life.
The plan has changed.
Sami changed the plan.
Sami and Layla wanted to change rooms.
That must have been quite a change for Sami.
Nothing has changed so far.
Sami and Layla want to change things.
Sami gave Layla some change for the bus.
Sami changed his opinion of Muslims.
There was nothing Sami could do to change that.
There has been some change.
Sami didn't change anything.
There was a change in Sami's plans.
"Keep the change." "Thank you."
We can't change the facts.
Sami changed his life.
Sami is a changed man.
Sami can't change Layla's mind.
Sami will change Layla's life.
Sami changed jobs a lot.
That incident changed Sami's life.
A lot of things have changed.
Sami can save Layla's life.
Sami doesn't want anything to change.
That changed Sami's life for ever.
Sami wanted to be cremated.
Sami didn't believe in God.
Sami didn't get anything.
Sami was a mean and selfish man.
Sami was lonely.
Sami was a wealthy rancher.
Sami didn't trust Layla.
Sami was quite a bit younger than Layla.
Sami and Layla shared a house with his adult son, Farid.
Sami hired a maid.
Sami should have hired a maid instead of marrying Layla.
Sami is going away.
Sami went on a business trip.
Sami had his girlfriend all to himself.
Sami ate the soup.
Sami became very ill.
Sami didn't call for help.
Sami died within 24 hours of being poisoned.
Sami also was very wealthy.
Sami still had a plan.
Sami jumped off his bed.
Beauty is only skin-deep.
I cannot go there tomorrow.
Excuse me, is there anybody home?
I offered to help you on your test, but you refused.
The last few days of Sami's life were hell.
Teenage angst is a part of life.
Sami led a quiet life in Cairo.
Layla is not the only girl in Sami's life.
I have known Sami forever.
Do you speak Kadazan?
Johannes likes to play chess.
Why are you singing here?
I eat Japanese pumpkin confectionaries.
I wonder if it will be fun...
According to the internet, extraordinary things are thought to be interesting.
So massive was the labor of founding the Roman line.
Do you see a black horse?
She was lovely.
Kent is the born leader.
Do you have cash worth more than ten thousand euros?
Try to do it like that.
Where is the other one?
You are very handsome today.
You are very pretty today.
Do you remember your promise?
Hope you can understand.
I'm sure you're happy without me forever.
Ducks do not live in forests.
Mary studies mathematical models.
The boys ate every cookie on the plate.
Bring a warm sweater.
Is that a spider?
You're playing right into his hands.
I'm going to make it myself.
Tom seemed comfortable talking with me.
She seemed comfortable talking with me.
They seemed comfortable talking with each other.
Tom became defensive.
Mary became defensive.
Tom wore a tight-fitting sweater.
Mary wore a tight-fitting sweater.
I don't have a crystal ball.
Tom sat down beside Mary.
Tom wore a tight-fitting shirt.
They both decided to skip class.
Tom used his handkerchief to wipe the tears from Mary's cheeks.
He used his handkerchief to wipe away her tears.
Do you have a mop and a bucket?
Both ants and termites live in large colonies.
Ant colonies have underground fungus gardens.
We use public transport.
He fell for the seventy-fourth time, dead tired.
Because Layla was dating a Christian boy, her father believed that she was shaming the family.
All Sami does is bring shame to his parents.
Sami loved his parents and wanted their approval.
Sami has been unwell.
Sami sent Layla back to school.
Sami came up with a plan to solve his problem.
Sami was outside school.
Sami was chatting with his friends.
Sami wanted to shield his daughter from Western ways.
Sami sent Layla to Egypt.
Sami wanted Layla to go back to Egypt.
Sami wanted Layla to marry a man two decades older than she was.
Sami drugged Layla and had sex with her.
Sami said that Layla shouldn't live at all.
Sami grew up in a remote farming village in Egypt.
Sami would be very good for your daughter.
Sami can't face the life his father forces upon him.
Sami was staying in Egypt.
Bleach is a strong chemical used for cleaning.
Sami witnessed a crime.
Sami showed no sympathy.
Sami refused to call for medical attention.
Sami had no medical attention.
Sami watched Layla suffer.
Sami watched Layla die.
Sami didn't want anything to do with Layla.
Layla wanted to avoid an arranged marriage in Egypt.
Sami is seriously ill after drinking bleach.
Sami's family returned to Egypt.
Sami realized he was ill and he needed help.
Sami was back to his Western ways.
Sami wore a T-shirt.
Sami has had enough of Layla's defiance.
Sami brought shame onto his family.
Sami watched helplessly.
Sami stuffed a bag inside Layla's mouth to stifle her.
Sami inhaled the bag deep into his mouth and suffocated.
Sami was suffocating.
Sami watched Farid as he savagely beat Layla.
By beating Layla savagely, Sami wanted to send a message to his other sisters: disobey me, and this is what will happen to you.
Police knew about Sami's troubled past.
The police placed listening devices in Sami's home.
Sami won't say anything.
There was no solid evidence against Sami.
Sami stayed silent.
Sami got killed.
Who's gonna be next?
Sami finally talked.
Sami was questioned over a robbery.
Sami and Layla will stay in jail for the rest of their lives.
Sami took the lives of those he once loved.
Sami's marriage is on the rocks.
Sami turned to Layla for comfort.
Sami and Layla were living apart.
Sami and Layla seemed to have it all.
Sami and Layla had good reputations.
Sami suspected his wife Layla is fooling around.
There were tensions in Sami and Layla's marriage.
Sami has had a number of affairs.
Sami hired a private investigator to find out the truth.
The police obtained the hotel records of Sami's business trip.
Sami's bar was basically a strip joint.
Layla worked at a strip joint called Aloha.
Sami had many affairs.
Sami found out that Layla was having an affair with a friend of his.
When Sami learned that Layla was having an affair with a friend of his, he went over the edge.
Sami was cool, calm, and collected.
Sami displayed an unexpected emotion.
Sami learned that Layla was having an affair with his boss.
Layla has been having an affair with Salima's husband.
I know you're sleeping with my husband.
Sami was having an illicit affair.
Layla was a woman scorned.
Sami wanted to know how long Layla's affair had been going on.
Layla feared losing her husband to Salima.
It was too much to bear.
Sami learned about Layla and Farid's illicit affair.
Layla switched back to being a regular housewife.
Sami lived a life of crime.
Layla's husband was screwing around.
Sami has been duped.
The entire scenario is an undecover sting run by the Egyptian police.
Sami admitted to everything.
Sami's big mouth finally trapped him.
Sami is convicted of first degree murder.
Sami will probably never see the light of day again.
You can't put a price on love.
"Whisky?" "Sure."
Sami wanted to be embalmed.
Sami bought a life insurance policy.
Sami insured Layla.
Sami insured Layla with three different life insurance company.
Sami was sentenced for life in prison where he died a notirious serial killer.
Shut up and go to sleep.
I stay at home all day with the kids.
Sami was an industrious individual.
I hate going back to him. I want to live with you.
Sami persuaded Layla to divorce her husband.
I do not remember.
Let's take the stairs.
Do you see the Little Dipper?
What is your favorite cartoon?
That's his catchphrase.
He looks sick.
You should shave.
I had a hairy time.
Layla was sentenced for life inside an Indiana women's prison.
Sami will serve out the rest of his life behind bars.
Sami cut his best friend out of his life.
Sami arrived at work.
Layla severed Sami's penis.
Layla cut off Sami's penis.
Layla wanted Sami mutilated.
Sami's penis was cut off.
Sami pled guilty to murder and received life without parole.
Layla severed Sami's penis to make the killing look like a homosexual murder.
Sami described his life in the early thirties.
It was a big moment in Sami's life.
Sami was plotting to end Layla's life.
Sami and Layla were planning the rest of their life.
It could be a hard life if you don't have enough help.
Sami learns fast.
Sami had two women in his life.
Sami gave Layla enough arsenic to kill an elephant.
Sami had to fight for his life.
A happy wife means a happy life.
There is nothing exciting about criminal life.
Sami paid with his life.
Sami heard rumors of Layla and Farid's affair.
Sami can't forgive infidelity.
Sami's infidelity was his other secret.
Sami's infidelity was his closely guarded secret.
Sami invited Layla and Farid both home.
Sami was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life.
Sami was serving a life sentence.
Sami had an online affair with a woman he never met up.
Sami convinced Layla to take out a life insurance policy on herself and make him the sole beneficiary.
Don't talk to me. I don't want to hear from you again.
Sami lived his life with integrity.
Sami will live the rest of his life on death row.
Sami claimed that he had lived his life with integrity.
Life is never that simple.
Sami was captivated by Layla's child-like charms.
Sami discovered the truth about Layla's affair.
Sami discovered the truth about Layla's temperament too late.
Sami discovered the truth too late.
Sami couldn't prove Layla's adultery.
Sami begged for his life.
Sami had two life insurance policies.
Through his railway job, Sami had life insurance.
Sami's plan failed and he paid with his life.
Sami valued money more than lives.
Sami had a lustful affair with Layla.
This is the perfect place to escape city life.
Sami reeks of gasoline.
Layla had a certain sparkle about her.
Sami was having the time of his life.
Sami and Layla were having the time of their life.
"Who's that woman?" "She's just a friend, OK?"
Sami and Layla aren't sleeping together.
There was another woman in Sami's life.
Sami wanted his old life back.
Sami did nothing all day long.
Sami was pleading for his life.
Sami could have made something out of his life.
Layla lived a charmed life.
This house is a pigsty.
Layla wasn't conventionally beautiful, but she possessed a certain kind of intense sexual allure.
Sami lived a comfortable life.
Sami wanted a comfortable life.
Sami had a respectable life.
Extra-marital affairs can be a motivation for murder.
Do you know what the 'timun' said to the 'durian'?
"In my vision, I heard an eagle, calling aloud as it flew high overhead, 'Disaster, disaster, disaster, on all the people on earth at the sound of the other three trumpets which the three angels have yet to blow!'"
There is no miracle recipe.
I hate chess.
Punching those who hold beliefs you oppose is counterproductive.
Punching those whose beliefs you oppose is counterproductive.
Beating up people you disagree with won't solve anything.
Beating up people for disagreeing with you will, if anything, make them less likely to come to your side.
Tom listened to an old vinyl record.
Our conversation seemed to flow easily.
Tom died on his farm.
Tom lived on the same small farm all his life.
Tom has a brace on his right leg.
A lot happened in a short time.
We kissed, but we never did anything more.
I'll talk to her about that.
I'll talk to him about that.
Can we talk about one more thing?
I'll do that first thing tomorrow.
I'll do it first thing tomorrow.
When Tom's cellphone rang, Mary nearly jumped out of her chair.
We'll do it tomorrow if you want to.
So what do you want to do tomorrow?
Things could have been worse.
A foot is twelve inches.
Tom was a child prodigy.
Mozart was a child prodigy.
Tom is a showoff.
Tom leaned back and put his hands behind his head.
I met them by chance at a restaurant yesterday.
No pineapple on the pizza, please.
You must try Chicago deep crust pizza.
You'll never hear the end of this!
Above all, the vanity of many people seems so unbearable because it disturbs the vanity of others.
Tom lives on an island.
Turn on the heater if you feel cold.
Turn up the heater if you feel cold.
He called the judge 'Your Majesty'.
Sami can't forgive Layla's infidelity.
Sami experienced the pain of an affair.
Sami showed remorse for what he had done.
The car hit a wall.
Sami and Layla were fighting about anything.
Sami had an affair.
Sami forgave Layla's affair but didn't forget it.
Sami can forgive Layla's infidelity but he can't forget it.
Sami forgave Layla for the affair.
Sami needed to learn how to deal with that.
Layla was trying to be a good girl.
Sami expressed his pain about Layla's affair.
What did this mean to Sami?
Stop fantasizing.
Sami cheated on Layla two years ago.
Sami and Layla argued about toilet paper.
Sami and Layla got over the affair.
Sami felt that Layla's betrayal was so deep.
Sami should be able to move forward.
Sami and Layla just celebrated their 26th anniversary.
Why did Sami cheat?
Why did Sami cheat on Layla?
Sami has just created a new website.
Sami prepared for his sermon.
Sami got ready for church.
Sami has been keeping a secret.
Sami and Layla pretended that they were still together.
Sami betrayed Layla's trust.
Sami admitted to cheating on his wife.
Sami had affair with several women who were members of his congregation.
Sami decided to move out.
One of Sami's affairs resulted in a child.
Because of Sami's repeated infidelities, Layla decided to move out.
Sami has also had an affair.
Sami wanted to fix his marriage.
Sami is on his way to see Layla.
Sami told me about his troubled marriage.
Layla is the wife of a minister.
Sami lives in the Deep South.
Give me a big hug.
Sami has never heard that before.
Sami has been separated from Layla for six months.
Sami and Layla have been living separately.
Sami and Layla pretended that they were still married.
Because of Sami's continuous infidelity, Layla moved out.
Sami cheated on Layla with many different women.
Are you going to lie to me?
Sami and Layla went to church together.
Sami doesn't know Layla's full name.
Layla is pregnant and she is due next month.
Sami didn't have experience.
Sami felt numb.
Layla felt very neglected.
Things got tough.
Can we make this work?
Can our marriage be restored?
I want you to meet Sami Bakir.
Sami and Layla got married in 2006.
Sami and Layla have been living apart since six months.
Sami and Layla have been living apart because of Sami's adulterous behavior.
Sami is marrying Layla next month.
Sami learned that a long time ago.
Layla grew up in an all-female household.
Sami is a broken person.
Sami and Layla divorced shortly thereafter having Farid.
Sami was a cheater and a beater.
Sami never really got into trouble.
Everybody knew Sami was talkative.
Sami knew the appropriate time to talk.
Sami was highly concerned about punctuality.
Sami was working three jobs.
Sami didn't grow up in a home where he heard "I love you."
Sami lived a great life.
Sami started reading at three years old.
Sami was meant to lead others.
Sami was doing really well.
Sami lived a totally different life.
Sami had a passion for excellence.
Sami has always had that hunger to learn.
Sami learned how to ride horses.
If I'm not given it, I'll earn it.
Sami dated a lot of different women.
Sami was the exact opposite of Layla.
Sami was a really strong businessman.
Sami was wildly out of control.
Sami didn't see that in Layla.
Sami met Layla and knew that she was the one.
Sami wanted to be a better person.
Sami saw Farid a better version of himself.
Sami had a pivotal time in his life.
Sami was ready externally to get married.
It worked out perfectly.
Sami shared the story with us.
Sami never had a conversation with his father.
Sami got out of the shower.
Sami never experienced that as a child.
It's quite funny to me.
Sami and Layla were engaged in six weeks of dating.
Sami was able to fix the computer.
Sami and Layla had a lot of common interests.
Sami really believed that.
Sami and Layla hung out together.
Sami and Layla ate together.
Sami and Layla wanted to do everything right.
Sami and Layla wanted to save their marriage.
Sami played that game with Layla.
Sami tried to do everything to make Layla happy.
Sami will marry Layla.
Sami had a habit of seeking attention from other women.
Sami had a porn addiction.
Tom looked very sexy in his royal blue suit.
Sami struggled with a lot of things.
Sami had a pornography addiction.
Sami had a sexual addiction.
Sami had to move forward.
Sami and Layla eventually divorced.
Divorce is not what Sami wanted.
Sami and Layla's marriage ended.
Sami should honor God's word.
Sami was abusing Layla.
Sami's heart was broken.
Sami's worst nightmare came true.
Sami and Layla struggled to reconcile.
Sami and Layla decided to try to make things work.
Sami and Layla went to counseling.
Sami and Layla went to a marriage conference as a divorced couple.
Sami wanted to live free.
Sami wanted to be with Layla.
Sami took his path and Layla took hers.
The judge declared Sami and Layla divorced.
Sami had two choices to make.
The problem is gone.
Sami was free to go live a good life again.
Sami heard Layla crying.
Sami's wound was so big.
Sami took care of the home.
That's the honest truth.
Sami was blessed with a vibrant and growing career.
That's your best revenge.
God showed me the right path.
Sami made that decision.
Sami decided to focus on his career.
Sami felt really proud.
Sami doesn't feel ashamed.
Crying ruins your make-up.
Sami lost his marriage.
Sami will do it again.
Sami has been through a painful divorce.
Sami messed up.
Sami is highly self-reliant.
Sami has feelings, desires, and fears.
Sami had a true desire to be different.
Sami had a strong passion with that.
Sami knew nothing about his father.
This is totally normal.
Sami doesn't care about Layla's professional life.
Sami focused on his issues.
Sami believes in marriage.
Marriage is the most amazing thing in the world.
Sami focused on his career.
Sami heard a resounding yes from the crowd.
It wasn't Sami's fault at all.
Sami walked away from God.
Sami met his wife when he was 26.
The Lord spoke to me.
Sami had that joy inside of him.
Sami knew it was Layla.
Sami knew Layla's voice.
Sami turned his back on God.
Sami and Layla were married six years later.
Sami was sixteen and Layla twenty six.
"It's time." "Time for what?"
It's time for Sami to marry.
Layla was a wife and a mother.
Sami got lost in his ways.
Sami felt the Lord telling him not to do those things but he did them anyway.
Sami did a lot of wicked selfish things.
Sami left his wife.
Sami and Layla were separated.
Sami wasn't a faithful husband.
Sami was the person who had all the answers.
Sami was doing his residency at a local hospital.
Sami was away from work.
Sami spent long hours at work.
Single parenting is hard.
Sami and Layla drifted further apart.
Sami would be in his room chatting with girls.
Sami developed a relationship with Layla.
Sami and Layla began flirting and spending time together.
Sami and Layla grew up in church.
The busier Sami got, the less time he thought about God.
How in the world did I get to this point?
Sami didn't stop the illicit relationship.
Sami loved his wife.
Sami was being unfaithful.
Sami had an on-again-off-again affair.
Sami prayed.
Sami and Layla watched a movie that night.
Is there anything going on with this person?
Sami told Layla everything about the affair.
Sami confessed his unfaithfulness to Layla.
Sami knew he had hurt Layla.
Sami was broken because of Layla's affair.
Sami and Layla tried to rebuild their family.
Sami and Layla began Christian counseling.
Sami and Layla began spending more time together.
Sami trusts Layla.
Sami asked the Lord to forgive him.
You're gonna have to do that for me.
Sami's faith has grown tremendously.
I really believe in God.
We are lost people.
Sami and Layla had a beautiful little family.
Sami and Layla married young.
Sami's relationship with God was lukewarm.
Sami never read the Bible.
Sami and Layla were both Muslims.
Sami began praying.
Things changed completely.
Sami had no idea what was going on.
God had a plan for Sami.
Sami read multiple chapters of the Bible every day.
Sami wasn't interested in religion.
Sami shut himself off to the things of God.
Sami did something he never thought he would do.
What a terrible person Sami is.
Sami turned to God.
Layla needed to know that she was loved.
Sami made things right with God.
Sami and Layla will be able to walk through anything in life.
Sami was watching TV.
Sami was upstairs praying.
Sami knew exactly what Layla meant.
Sami is gonna leave Layla.
Sami's friends are gonna turn their backs on him.
Sami was on a fishing trip.
Sami was coming over.
Sami has had an affair.
Sami was waiting for Layla.
Who was Sami with?
Sami was still angry when Layla arrived.
Sami didn't want to hear anything about that.
God wanted me to forgive Sami.
Sami said yes.
Sami will do whatever it takes to achieve this goal.
Sami's pain took time to heal.
It was a lot more difficult than I thought.
For Sami, not dwelling on the past was a struggle.
Sami and Layla's relationship has been completely transformed.
Sami and Layla are emotionally intimate with each other.
Sami and Layla are honest with each other.
Sami and Layla will be able to make it.
Sami was snooping through Layla's office files.
Sami can't deal with this anymore.
Sami's secret sex addiction finally came to light.
Sami's addiction to porn only increased.
Sami began playing out his fantasies with other women.
Sami knew something was wrong.
Sami's lust for outside sex grew uncontrollable.
Sami discovered condoms in a bag he shared with Layla.
Sami packed some bags and left.
Sami put the bags in his truck and left.
Sami had an affair with a young woman that he didn't really like.
Sami tried to salvage his marriage.
Sami started going to church.
Sami still craved sex.
Sami packed his bags and left.
Sami accepted Christ as his savior.
Sami's life was at a crossroads.
Sami started reading books about sex addiction.
Sami filed for divorce in Toronto.
Sami started talking to Layla about still loving her.
How can Sami still love Layla?
Sami couldn't get Layla's words out of his mind.
Sami is who he says he is.
Sami went to church.
Sami went to the church and met with the pastor.
Sami and Layla began to talk.
Sami grew in his faith.
Sami told Layla that he was sorry.
The things Sami had done to Layla were unforgivable.
Sami didn't want that to happen again.
Sami listened to Layla's advice.
Sami and Layla had six daughters.
Sami has never experienced that.
It takes time to understand this.
Sami and Layla are together.
Sami and Layla are together because of the Lord.
Sami is Layla's husband.
The foundation is cracking.
There was no one I could tell my story to.
Sami's life began to accelerate at an incredible pace.
Sami is not the type of person to sit and do nothing.
Sami has to be crazy.
Sami and Layla live in separate worlds.
Sami continued building his hiphop musical career.
Sami didn't know how to tell his wife about that.
Sami built up the courage to tell Layla about that.
Sami had a theological degree.
Sami became pastor of a new church.
Layla was the pastor's wife.
Sami and Layla began to withdraw from one another.
Sami began to wrestle with depression.
Sami didn't communicate with his wife.
Sami started talking to another woman.
Sami and Layla had a conversation.
Sami didn't answer his phone.
Sami and Layla were in the same circle.
Sami deleted Layla's photo from the computer.
Sami and Layla's communication is church business.
Sami is in trouble.
Sami doesn't know what to do.
Sami knew something was going on.
Sami stopped going to church.
Sami confessed everything.
Sami confronted Layla and she confessed everything.
Sami was so crushed.
Sami and Layla parted company.
Sami tried to save his marriage.
Sami spent the next six months in marriage counseling.
Sami felt the pain slowly go away.
Sami felt the pain.
Sami and Layla worked hard.
Sami needs Layla more than ever.
Sami and Layla are transparent to each other.
God can bring you through and make you better.
Sami cheated on his wife.
Sami betrayed Layla.
Sami loved everything that he did.
Sami was a leader in his church.
Sami talked about Layla all the time.
Layla felt so safe with Sami.
Sami and Layla married and started a family.
Sami wanted to be a world-changer.
Sami had no idea how hard it would be.
Sami's communication style was completely different.
Sami would never yell at Layla again.
Sami was hosting his own television program.
Sami was afraid to speak up.
Sami's affair continued for years.
Sami liked to be with his kids.
Sami reminded Layla of her childhood again.
Sami began to give more attention to Layla.
Sami flirted with Layla.
Over time, Sami and Layla's relationship became closer.
Sami thought he was in control.
Sami and Layla were extremely intimate with each other.
Sami noticed Layla's reaction.
This will affect Sami for the rest of his life.
Sami and Layla's relationship became sexual.
Sami and Layla's affair lasted six weeks.
Sami can't continue to live a double life.
Sami ended the affair.
Sami and Layla ended their affair.
Sami and Layla decided to end their affair.
Sami did something extremely inappropriate.
This wasn't just a little mistake.
Sami expressed anger and rage.
Sami is the problem.
Sami has never loved you.
Sami's marriage has been a farce.
Sami met with Layla.
Sami is a counselor.
Layla started disrespecting her husband.
Sami became a man of God.
Sami got down on his knees and prayed.
Sami and Layla prayed with each other.
Sami revealed a big secret.
Layla was pregnant and Sami knew he wasn't the father.
Sami was scared out of his mind.
Sami wanted to punish Layla.
The baby is going to need parents.
Sami told the children what was going on.
Sami wanted to be a dad.
Sami loved his kids.
Sami was sitting on the floor, crying.
Sami isn't going anywhere without me.
Sami is gonna have a baby brother.
Layla was rushed to the delivery room.
When Layla's son was born, I gave him my name.
Sami and Layla's relationship became stronger.
This was new territory for Sami.
Sami and Layla started having a relationship.
Sami is so much fun.
Sami is so full of personality.
Sami loves Layla with every part of his being.
Sami is the most thankful person you would ever meet.
Sami lives inside of me.
Sami had to stop this.
Sami met Layla at a wedding reception.
Sami and Layla got engaged.
Sami and Layla got married pretty quickly.
Sami and Layla moved back to Cairo.
Layla was Sami's assistant.
Sami and Layla had a little argument.
Sami and Layla were really good friends with a couple from the church.
Sami woke up early.
Sami was in an affair.
Sami was living in an affair.
Sami was in an appropriate relationship.
Sami knew he couldn't do this anymore.
Sami has to help Layla.
Sami picked Layla up from the airport.
One of the church leaders wanted to meet with Sami.
Sami didn't think he could do it.
Sami didn't believe that he could trust Layla again.
Sami and Layla didn't live together.
Sami stayed with the kids for a couple of days.
Sami did that for a couple of months.
Sami is ready to do whatever it takes to save his marriage.
It was a lonely time.
Sami grew closer to the Lord.
Sami did so much counseling.
Sami put his trust in God.
Sami called Layla one night and he told her that he was ready to forgive her.
Sami and Layla had a surprise pregnancy.
Sami can't imagine life now without Layla.
Sami and Layla wanted to live together.
God creates beauty from ashes.
God is so much greater.
Sami put his trust in the Lord.
Sami did a lot of horrible things.
There is always hope.
Sami went off to a weekend conference.
Sami got back from the conference.
Sami dropped a bomb on Layla, telling her that he filed for divorce.
Sami admitted to having an affair.
Sami told Layla that their marriage was over.
In this book, Sami wanted to tell the world about his affair.
Sami's affair took me off guard.
Sami had no idea that Layla was that unhappy.
Sami had no idea about Layla's affair.
This is not Sami's usual nature.
Sami had never thought that anything like that could happen.
Sami's marriage was over.
Sami lost his wife.
Sami and Layla split up.
Sami wasn't sleeping.
Sami needed to pull himself together.
That's when it all started.
That was really the turning point for Sami.
Sami loved what he read in that book.
Sami read those Quranic verses hundreds of times.
Sami knew those Quranic verses.
Sami asked Layla for a divorce.
Sami became obsessed with those things.
Sami is not easily angered.
Sami's marriage was imploding.
This became the biggest challenges.
That's when Sami found out that Layla had been having an affair.
Sami decided not to be jealous.
Sami started working on that.
Sami discovered that Layla had been having an affair.
Sami didn't know at all that Layla had been having an affair.
How did God change you?
Sami was thinking about what he was working on.
Am I doing what God has asked me to do?
God told me to do that.
Sami described Layla's attitude during that time.
God really spoke to me.
Sami really wanted to be a good husband.
Sami was lying on a couch.
Sami was worried about the kids.
Sami was blatently indifferent.
Listen, young lady: you promised to give your life to me and serve me, so do your job and shut up!
Sami gave Layla her ring back.
Sami started changing toward Layla.
The damage in Sami and Layla's marriage was already too far.
Sami started praying for his marriage.
How's your marriage today?
Sami and Layla didn't officially get a divorce.
We are here on this earth to be tested.
We have only scratched the surface of Sami's story.
I think this will change your life.
Thanks for this wonderful book.
Sami has written a wonderful book about adultery.
When Sami was sixteen, his parents divorced.
Sami really wrestled with that feeling of insecurity.
Layla promised God to save herself for marriage.
Sami failed Layla.
Sami was taking drugs.
Layla became boulemic.
Sami re-committed his life to the Lord.
Sami hasn't learned to accept God's gift of love.
Layla couldn't rid of the feelings of insecurity and unworthiness.
Sami was a completely different person.
At night, Sami became a completely different person.
Sami was trying to earn a good living.
Sami stopped being romantic with Layla.
Sami was ready to give Layla all the attention she wanted.
Sami began to pursue Layla.
It was the beginning of a six-year-long affair.
Sami let the guard down.
Sami is still overcome with guilt.
Sami really believed that Layla and their kids would be better off without him.
Sami was out running errands.
Sami's house was not locked.
Sami recovered physically and emotionally.
Sami finally understood God's love.
Sami looked at Layla.
I don't know how to not love you.
God said those words to me.
Sami and Layla began restoring their marriage.
Layla has been saved from sex trafficking.
Sami shared his story online.
Everything has changed.
Sami is gonna stop smoking.
When Sami married Layla, he thought he could leave his sex addiction behind.
Sami pushed Layla against the wall.
Did I marry the right person?
Sami still loved his wife.
When Sami and Layla had a son, she thought things would get better, but she was wrong.
Sami felt like he had lost control over his life.
Sami decided he should stay at his parents' house.
Sami had a drug issue.
Sami was freed from his addiction.
Sami became Christian.
Sami was laughing about that.
Sami knew it was funny.
Sami and Layla argued constantly.
Sami dealt with his anger.
Sami dealt with his anger issues.
Sami and Layla reunited.
Sami and Layla's marriage flourished.
Sami and Layla's marriage is strong now.
Sami and Layla can make their marriage work.
Sami said that something was not right.
Sami saw some messages between Layla and other men on her Facebook page.
Sami has seen enough.
I think you have seen enough.
Layla gave Sami a good slap on the face.
Divorcing crossed my mind.
Sami thought his marriage was over.
Sami sat away from Layla.
Sami and Layla are gonna work things out.
Sami decided he had to do whatever it took to restore his marriage.
This gave Sami the relief that he needed.
Sami had so much anger inside of him.
Sami said that he forgave Layla.
God is now at the center of Sami and Layla's marriage.
Sami put Layla as his priority.
God's word is hope.
God gave us wisdom.
Sami got a call in the middle of the night.
Sami has just been told of Layla's infidelity.
Sami dreamed of getting married.
Sami gave Layla everything he had to win her heart.
Sami continued the affair.
Sami was Farid's drinking buddy.
Sami has been living a fairy-tale life with Layla.
Sami and Layla were very distant to each other.
Sami was very skilled at lying.
Sami got a phone call in the middle of the night.
Sami and Layla lived that way for several months.
Sami's wife found out about his affair.
All of Sami's secrets were found out.
Sami was required to travel significantly.
Sami had a significant bacterial infection.
Sami was wondering if he might die.
Sami wanted to make Layla happy.
If Sami dies, where would he go?
If there is a God, I would really and truly know who He is.
Sami had a choice to make.
Sami drove from Cairo to Alexandria.
Sami wanted Layla to forgive him.
As Sami drove, he wept.
Sami prayed for God to save his marriage.
Sami prayed for God to save his soul.
Sami's priorities have changed.
Sami prayed for his marriage to be restored.
Sami went to church for the very first time in his life.
Sami would do anything to keep the truth from coming out.
Sami had an perfect family life.
Sami and Layla were well respected members of their community.
Sami and Layla's affair had to be kept a very close secret.
The police learned more about Sami's life.
Sami was having an affair with a married woman.
Sami was shocked when he learned that Layla had been having an affair.
It was a very poor idea for a pastor to have an affair.
Sami was ready to tell the truth about the affair.
Sami could have lost everything if his affair came out.
Sami had an affair with a married woman.
Sami dug into Layla's personal life.
Sami has been having a secret affair with Layla.
Layla has been having an affair with a married doctor.
Sami wanted Layla to leave her marriage and for them to begin a new life.
Sami lived a prestigious life.
Sami wasn't the only one who would have suffered if his affair had come out.
Sami was losing his wife to another man.
Maybe we are just barking up the wrong tree.
Sami had another secret love with a woman named Layla.
Sami had yet another secret love with a girl named Layla.
Layla was hiding an affair with her boss.
Sami's affair was exposed.
If Sami's affair was exposed, it would have ruined his reputation.
Sami was harboring a secret relationship with another woman.
Sami and Layla's sex life diminished.
Sami was Layla's secret lover.
The news that Sami was having an affair was devastating to Layla.
Layla had a lesbian lover.
Sami and Layla were heading towards a divorce.
Layla was involved with a lesbian woman.
Sami never mentioned he had a girlfriend.
Sami's affair was finally uncovered.
Sami and Layla had an intimate relationship.
If Sami's affair was revealed, it would have been a huge scandal.
Sami was secretly having an affair.
Sami's affair was finally out in the open.
Sami was sentenced to life in prison.
Unfortunately, that cost Sami his life.
Sami and Layla met a pair of swingers.
There was no sign of life.
Sami talked about Layla's sex life.
Sami had an online affair with Layla.
Sami's number is in Layla's phone.
Sami was planning to meet another woman at his house on Saturday morning.
Sami met Layla through a dating website.
Sami met a girl on an online dating website.
Sami was afraid his infidelity would be exposed.
Sami knew about Layla's online affair.
Sami knew about Layla's promiscuous behavior.
Sami got extremely jealous.
It was a matter of life or death.
Sami admitted he had been having an affair with both girls.
Sami said he had an alibi.
The details of Sami's affair came out.
After the details of Sami's affair came out, Layla divorced him.
The cat eats bread.
I didn't buy it because it was really expensive.
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
That building is part of the city's cultural heritage, and cannot be demolished under any circumstances.
That's our town's oldest building, and it must be kept no matter what.
That building has neither historical nor architectural value.
There are some squatters living in that dilapidated house.
The house is about to collapse.
The bridge is about to collapse.
Tom set the table for dinner.
What species of fish live in this river?
Tom breeds exotic spiders.
Tom won't be singing at the concert, because he has a cold.
Are you sure this song is suitable for a school concert, Tom?
I'm looking forward to Monday.
We need to call a plumber.
Tom looked at Mary coldly.
For a moment Mary did not seem to understand what Tom was saying.
I wish to leave at once.
How big a fool do you take me for?
If it rains a lot, I want to take a walk in the park.
Mary is doing things precisely.
I will become god of the celestial world.
What's the color of your blood?!
Excuse me. Where can I buy it on the internet?
He laid down his glasses and looked closely once more.
It will not take long, right?
It's fine if you want to go.
Please don't leave the bedroom window open.
Sami was twice divorce.
Sami and Layla married quickly.
Right after Sami and Layla got married, she got pregnant.
Sami didn't know what love looked like.
Sami's anger erupted.
Sami can't remember what happened.
Sami drank alcohol.
Sami broke Layla's face in front of the kids.
Sami went to counseling.
Sami and Layla took steps to restore their marriage.
Sami was willing to try anything.
Sami asked to talk to the pastor.
Sami felt peace.
Sami felt real peace.
Sami felt comfort that there was hope for his marriage.
God can fix it.
Sami was hesitant at first.
Sami and Layla both became Christians.
Sami decided to let God do the work.
Sami and Layla committed to attend a course of marriage coaching.
Sami decided to let God deal with Layla.
Sami and Layla's marriage is happy and healthy.
Sami decided to put God in the center of his life.
God continues to give me hope.
I know what it's like to live without God.
Things will not change.
My wife is my best friend.
I have an amazing husband.
The children are very enthusiastic.
All things are possible.
Sami and Layla have always enjoyed walks in the park.
Sami had an uneasy feeling that his life would never be the same.
My heart was pounding ninety miles per hour.
Sami had experienced the feeling of betrayal before.
Sami didn't want to know the truth at that point.
Sami and Layla met at a church camp when they were teenagers.
Sami and Layla were in love with being in love.
Sami lived with Layla.
Sami and Layla had six kids.
Sami couldn't deal with that.
Sami was looking for God but he was looking in the wrong places.
Sami was a Christian family man.
Sami knew he had to tell Layla the truth.
Sami lived two different lives.
Sami began the painful process of deciding what he should do.
Sami and Layla divorced.
It was easier said than done.
Sami knew he hurt had his wife and family deeply.
I'm done this time.
Sami asked God for forgiveness.
Sami is faithful.
That makes all the difference in the world.
Sami is happy with Layla.
Sami and Layla met in Christmas 1996.
Sami remembers exactly what Layla was wearing.
Sami was easy to talk to.
Sami was like a high school kid.
Sami was rather intimidating.
Sami felt that something was off.
Sami came out and told his wife that he had been having an affair.
Sami forgave Layla.
Sami was truthful and open.
Now Sami knows.
Now Sami knows the truth.
Why is life so horrible?
It sounded crazy.
Sami and Layla both needed someone who would understand them.
Sami and Layla were willing to go to counseling.
Sami and Layla still love each other.
Sami felt safe to open up emotionally.
Sami talked about his emotions.
I'm not ashamed to say that I cried.
Sami feels like a man now.
Sami did what was right.
Sami humbled himself down and agreed to go to counseling.
Sami agreed to go to counseling.
Sami goes to counseling.
Every dollar you're investing in this project is worth it.
Sami and Layla got married.
Sami got married.
Sami was in love.
Sami and Layla came from broken homes.
Sami needed people to appreciate him.
Sami was successful.
Sami had a good time.
Sami was always empty inside.
Sami visited Layla at her dance studio.
Sami ran a dance studio.
I'll get one of my students to do it.
Sami knew nothing about the Quran.
God has chosen Sami tonight.
Sami gave his life to God.
Sami's prayer was answered.
Sami focused on raising his kids.
Sami was far from God.
Sami was a good liar.
Sami was dabbling in pornography.
Sami drank a lot.
Don't show me anything else.
Sami nearly lost his home.
Sami had a gambling addiction.
Sami couldn't pay employees.
Sami couldn't pay his mortgage.
Sami didn't pay taxes.
Sami didn't come home.
Something is wrong with Sami.
Sami waited up all night.
It was stonger than anything I had ever felt.
Sami was OK with losing his wife and children.
Sami needed to call his wife.
Sami wanted to confess.
Sami went to the bedroom.
Sami began to confess everything.
For the past year, Sami has been having an affair.
Sami's prayer for Layla wasn't in vain.
Sami and Layla prayed for Farid.
Sami was a born-again Christian.
What does God have in store for us?
Sami shares his story at marriage conferences.
God hates divorce.
God loves Sami.
This never happened in my adult life.
Sami got teased.
Sami was standing in the classroom.
I remember being devastated.
Sami was brought up in a loving Christian family.
Sami didn't have a relationship with God.
God could fix this.
Sami tried everything to fix that.
Sami thought he was unlovable.
Layla felt unlovable to men.
Sami can make this marriage work.
Sami felt like a complete failure as a person.
Sami's marriage was dead.
Sami lost a very high-paying executive job.
Sami tragically died in 2006.
Sami believed in God.
Sami had a strong relationship with the Lord.
Sami spent time developing his relationship with God.
Sami wanted to live the rest of his life feeling God.
Sami asked for help.
Sami met and married Layla.
Sami was a government contractor with six kids.
Layla is a mom of six kids now.
Sami goes to work during the day.
Sami drank six beers.
Sami bought a bottle of wine.
Sami joined a gym and started exercising.
Sami lost sixty pounds.
In the first six months, Sami lost sixty pounds.
Sami became a better dad.
Sami opened his own gym.
Sami found his help in God.
Sami can't fix everything on himself.
Sami was at Layla's house today.
Sami has to wait for Layla.
Sami should follow Layla first.
Sami is right here with me.
Sami doesn't know where Layla went.
Sami doesn't think that these footprints could be a clue.
Sami must have picked the flower.
Sami was standing outside in the cold.
Sami earned this through his hard work.
Get your life together and grow up.
You can't find a job if you're dressed like a hooker.
Sami helped Layla to get a new start in life.
Sami's alibi checked out.
These are Sami's life savings.
Sami is gambling away Layla's life savings.
Sami can't afford to lose his money at this point of his life.
Sami could be having an affair with Layla's daughter.
I know you slept with my husband.
Sami told everyone about the affair.
The affair gave Sami a strong motive to want Layla dead.
Sami and Layla did meth together.
Layla was having an affair with Salima's husband.
Sami's idyllic country life came to an abrupt end.
Sami is willing to testify, even if this means putting Layla behind bars for life.
Tom left about 30 minutes ago.
Why are you crying? I'm feeling bad.
Burn the witch!
There is no use to looking for. It is impossible to find it in this dark.
Searching won't do. In this dark it's impossible to find it.
if you want to bring people over to your side, beating them up is not a good way to go about it.
Although I only made a small mistake, every person quibbled about it.
Have you ever eaten ripe Barbados cherry?
Your voice is raspy. Why?
This girl is almost always with him.
I want to hear Tom's opinion again.
Tom admires Beckham and started playing soccer because of him.
"Is it fine to change the channel?" "Mm, yeah."
How much does the beer cost?
How much does beer cost?
How much does an apple cost?
Are you a policewoman?
Keep off the grass.
We go to the market on Tuesdays.
The coalition talks in Berlin have broken down.
The first jump ended badly.
The first jump didn't end well.
He overestimated his ability.
The poor thing lost all her friends.
The coalition talks in Berlin fell through.
I also want to hear Tom's opinion.
Tom, I also want to hear your opinion.
Is this a real diamond?
Sami and Layla got married a year later.
Sami felt really alone.
Sami did his job.
Sami really didn't know what to do.
Sami came home.
Sami came home from Egypt.
Sami kept himself distant.
Sami and Layla started becoming distant from each other.
Sami felt unsatisfied.
Sami didn't have joy with his marriage.
We're in the same time zone.
Sami's arms were going numb.
Sami tried to comfort Layla.
Sami did that his whole life.
Sami was a professional fighter.
Sami found the cure.
Sami spend like six to seven hours per day exercising.
Sami craved that.
It's still not happening.
Sami had a gym.
Women came into Sami's life.
Sami needed to hear that.
Sami was scared of his father.
Sami chose the direction he was going.
Sami and Layla sold their home.
Sami tried to explain that to his children.
Sami became suicidal.
Sami had a relationship with the Lord.
Sami loved the Lord.
Sami cried all the time.
Sami open the book and started reading.
Sami began praying for Layla.
Sami can't live a life like this for the rest of his life.
Sami was absolutely right.
Sami renewed his relationship with God.
Sami was ready to move forward.
The doctor suggested a Kitavan islander's diet of tubers, fresh fruit, coconut, and fish.
Mary lost forty pounds on the Paleo diet.
The other kids wouldn't play with him.
You are now breathing manually.
The poor lighting in the room made it difficult to read.
You can't let him go even in your dreams.
That's my mom's idea!
I am fearless.
I did not fry the doughnut.
I am invincible.
That vase is unbreakable.
Are all metals malleable?
Are all powders fine?
I always meditate.
He sounds like Mariah Carey when he sings.
Sami was born of incest.
"Let's go for a run." "Let's not."
What's the matter, sweetie?
What's the matter, sweetheart?
What's the matter, pumpkin?
Forgot password?
Is this an inconvenient time for you? I can call back later.
Please place the cup on the saucer.
I want to fix my negative personality.
There are many loopholes in this system.
I took my rival seriously.
Tom bought a ticket to Bucharest.
Someday, I want to have my own store and make delicious food for my customers.
Recently, I've been crying every day. I feel too anxious about the future.
Galileo Galilei's real name?
They should fight.
The situation has changed.
Dowsers use divining rods to find water.
Don't blame yourself. You did everything you could.
Ice can be stunningly beautiful.
The mission of Operation IceBridge is to collect data on changing polar ice and maintain continuity of measurements between ICESat missions. The original ICESat mission launched in 2003 and ended in 2009, and its successor, ICESat-2, is scheduled for launch in late 2018. Operation IceBridge began in 2009 and is currently planned to continue until 2020 so it to overlaps with ICESat-2 to help scientists connect measurements from the two satellites.
The mission of Operation IceBridge is to collect data on changing polar ice.
Drone racing is a high-speed sport demanding instinctive reflexes.
Researchers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory raced drones controlled by artificial intelligence (A.I.) against a professional human pilot.
Comets retain a record of conditions from the early solar system.
Comet scientists are like archaeologists, studying old samples to understand the past.
This research is groundbreaking.
The Cassini spacecraft ended its mission on Sept. 15, 2017.
The Cassini mission is a cooperative project of NASA, ESA (the European Space Agency) and the Italian Space Agency.
Interplanetary space is hardly tranquil. High-energy charged particles from the Sun, as well as from beyond our solar system, constantly whizz by. These can damage satellites and endanger astronaut health.
One of the most spectacular achievements in physics so far this century has been the observation of gravitational waves, ripples in space-time that result from masses accelerating in space.
You sold us out.
So far, there have been five detections of gravitational waves, thanks to the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory (LIGO) and, more recently, the European Virgo gravitational-wave detector.
Most large galaxies have a central supermassive black hole.
When galaxies collide, their central black holes tend to spiral toward each other, releasing gravitational waves in their cosmic dance.
Much as a large animal like a lion produces a deeper roar than a tiny mouse's squeak, merging supermassive black holes create lower-frequency gravitational waves than the relatively small black holes LIGO and similar ground-based experiments can detect.
Pulsars are dense remnants of dead stars that regularly emit beams of radio waves, which is why some call them "cosmic lighthouses."
Because their rapid pulse of radio emission is so predictable, a large array of well-understood pulsars can be used to measure extremely subtle abnormalities, such as gravitational waves.
The North American Nanohertz Observatory for Gravitational Waves (NANOGrav) is one of the leading groups of researchers using pulsars to search for gravitational waves.
In their heydays, the Mount Wilson 60-inch and 100-inch telescopes were the most powerful instruments of their kind.
Mount Wilson is the site where some of the key discoveries about our galaxy and universe were made in the early 20th century.
Since the 1970s, NASA has studied life from space with satellites.
Scientists have satellites along with observations from international spacecraft to conduct a wide range of research, from detecting northward expansion of forests in the Arctic to monitoring how burned areas recover from wildfires.
As trees grow, they absorb carbon from the atmosphere.
On any given day, Earth is about 50 percent covered in clouds.
As plants take in carbon dioxide for photosynthesis, they release water through evapotranspiration from their leaf pores, which helps them cool down in the hot sun.
Scientists have detected for the first time an interstellar asteroid passing through our solar system.
Do you miss your wife?
Gymnasts need to be both strong and flexible.
Ballet dancers need to be both strong and flexible.
An underwater fortress has been discovered under Lake Van in Turkey.
He's a member of the school football team.
You should seriously consider a career as a tattoo cover-up artist.
We need a global effort to eliminate plastics from all the world's oceans.
The local gangster used to drive through the city, stopping occasionally to chat with the children.
This antiseptic will hurt.
If we incarcerate these old men, we can take control.
C'mon man, don't be stingy.
What's the hotkey for inserting a non-breaking space?
The moral of the story is that it's wrong to lie.
Can you read music?
"What does that word mean?" "Oh, it doesn't mean anything. It's just a made-up word that's supposed to sound like French."
In the center of the house, lying all over his mother's body waiting to be buried.
I feel like that I have seen you before.
I will always loving you.
Who is being naughty?
Let's all drink!
I am eating fried fish.
Dom's father is cutting the chicken in the kitchen.
My mom gave me RM100 to buy necessities.
Sami served sixty days in jail.
That fried fish was eaten by me.
Sami realized that Layla was having an affair.
I was given by mother RM100 to buy necessities.
Sami decided to confront Layla about the affair.
Incredibly, Sami clung to life.
Sami's death sentence was commuted to life.
That chicken was cut by Dom's father in the kitchen.
Sami left Cairo for the desert life.
Do you have a soup tureen?
Sami was about to end his own life.
This added to the weight of evidence.
Sami was the beneficiary of a life insurance policy.
With Layla's life insurance policy, Sami could pay out all his debts.
Tell me, where are you?
When I hear the news, I get goose bumps. How could there be such a dangerous thing?
Yes, that's just the hard stuff. Listen to this song.
Sami returned to Egypt.
Sami brought shame on his family.
Sami watched that helplessly.
Sami couldn't take a breath.
Sami inhaled the plastic deep into his mouth and suffocated to death.
Sami is suffocating.
Sami was absolutely certain Layla was dead.
Sami wanted to send the authorities a message: I'm smarter than you.
Sami's daughter ran away.
Sami's marriage survived two affairs.
Sami is a marriage and family therapist.
Sami revealed his infidelity to Layla.
Sami revealed his affair.
Sami and Layla started having conversations that they hadn't had in years.
Sami and Layla needed to rebuild the trust.
Sami never experienced that in his adult life.
Sami wanted another marriage.
Sami and Layla had a very different relationship.
Sami is pleased to see a lot of women in the room.
My mother's praying.
And here's our garden.
See you, grandpa!
Yes, we promise.
I am on my own here.
This is what I am afraid of.
Do you know what I think?
Is he coming along?
I am working on something, Tom.
Call the mayor.
They robbed a bank in Paris.
I wouldn't have called you if it wasn't important.
Why am I hungry?
I am hungry too.
Don't tell me you believe him.
What a pleasure to see you, Tom.
They often change their passwords.
Fight like a man.
Tatoeba is a virtual place where time really flies by.
Never change anything!
He hears everything you say.
That woman there is Ana.
Watch out! Here comes the fuzz!
Sami bent his head down and sobbed.
It seems that nowadays everyone wants to travel to the coast to bathe, lie on the beach and get suntanned.
Yeah we experiencing revolutionary times.
He could not endure any longer.
What a charming place!
What a beautiful castle!
They are bored to death.
It's over, we're out of gas.
Oh, what a cute child!
Yuck, my cake is too sweet, and how is yours?
I am sorry, my dog bites everyone.
You should not do that.
The baby is adorable.
The dog is cute.
Can you tell us why you don't like beer?
He hides his sorrow behind a smile.
Mary only speaks German now.
Tom is waving at you, you need to go!
No, I don't want a tuxedo; I asked for a suit!
Tom is buying a suit.
Not so fast, one thing at the time.
This bag of rice weighs 11 pounds.
I like fighting sports.
Thomas signed up to a dating site.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
I hope I'm not intruding.
I'm going to go dance.
Our train suddenly stopped.
He was strict.
Go straight down this road.
Since it was already late at night, and I was very exhausted, I stayed the night at a lodging.
Stop! You strayed!
I would do anything to protect my family.
It would be good that we scan the old books, whose copyright has expired, to upload them to the Internet. That way, these books will not be forgotten.
Tom was clean-shaven.
I thought I'd just pop by.
Sometimes you will all wonder.
You said you wanted to do this.
Tom found out that Mary wasn't doing what she was supposed to do.
Tom will likely find a way to do that.
Have you seen his new film?
What'll tomorrow's weather be like?
Is this a bomb?
What'll you write about?
We respect Tom.
Just try to stay calm.
You're dirty.
We all have different strengths.
Have you broken the news to him?
He lives in the next village.
Write me if you need help.
Tom was hit by a car in Boston last month.
It was painfully obvious.
I didn't know French that well.
I like your tea.
This is the funniest movie I've ever seen.
Aren't you all done?
Are you one of my cousins?
We'll attack at sunrise.
I have three times more books than you do.
I think they did it on purpose.
I wonder if there's anything good on TV.
We could pretend this never happened.
I want to see the ocean.
We'll show you how to catch a fish.
I've never been to Boston. However, I have been in Chicago.
It may be difficult, but it won't be impossible.
You'd better go to sleep.
It would've been fun to do that.
I have a few things left to do.
I still have a few things that need to be done.
I bought Tom a clock.
I've known Tom for more than thirty years.
You should've stopped.
This doesn't concern you at all.
Nobody knows that Tom hasn't done that.
No one knows why Tom hasn't done that.
Nobody knows why Tom hasn't done that.
I could smell the alcohol on Tom's breath.
I'm only going to say this once, so you'd better listen.
I always wonder what happened to Tom.
I didn't let Tom know what we were going to do.
It's strange that our friends aren't here.
I think Tom isn't home.
Why are we wasting our time with this?
It's hard to be modest when you're the best.
Did Tom like it?
Does Tom like wine?
We bought some new furniture.
I told Tom to come visit us.
Have faith.
Sami noticed something odd.
Detectives interviewed Sami's grieving wife.
Sami didn't want to talk about this.
Sami was very disciplined.
Having a baby was Layla's biggest goal in life.
Sami removed his glasses.
Sami began to change his mind.
Sami and Layla weren't related to each other.
I'm not mentally prepared for that.
Trust me, I've seen worse.
I usually avoid this subject.
Be merciful, just as your Father is merciful.
Diplomacy is the ability to say no in such a tactful way that all the world believes you would have said yes.
Sex by the fire at night
I will never make a promise that I can't keep
Down with the czar!
It was Tom who started the fight.
From acorns grow oaks.
She's eating.
You're such an old whingebag.
He's a whingebag.
Wow!
I didn't know Tom was such a whingebag.
The science makes me sleepy.
One who wants to belong to himself can't look nice.
I spit on you.
Icarus flew on crafted wings.
Medusa turned a man into a stone with her stare.
Pegasus has wings.
Is there way to manage this man?
Tom was so indignant that his face was twitching.
Tom's face twitched with indignation.
There was just barely enough time.
My boyfriend is a blogger.
I have a perfectly healthy body.
The tourists got there first.
Wait! I'm coming!
My dog ate my waffle.
I want to go home. I have a wife and kids.
"Who is it?" "It's Jim."
I would rather starve than start stealing.
Whatever misfortunes you may have, just don't commit suicide.
Don't do anything you might regret afterward.
Put down your pencils.
Thomas had an erotic dream.
Everything happened at lightning speed.
Tom hasn't been married to Mary for very long.
Are you really Italian?
Beware of her.
Beware of him.
I can't bear the thought of never seeing her again.
So it was true!
The king is ill.
Mary has a new lover.
We are talking about our friends.
Say hello to your relatives for me, Tom.
Please, tell me about your teacher.
He's a good kid.
You know exactly what I want.
Her feet were frozen.
It is not forbidden.
Thomas almost slipped.
No one is doubting your courage.
You barely missed it.
This girl's aunt works at our place.
What kind of dessert would you like?
I think Tom won't come.
Your mother must've been beautiful when she was young.
You're wasting your time trying to convince Tom.
You're the only person that can persuade Tom to do that.
You're stupid to trust Tom.
You're not Canadian, are you?
You'll be able to speak French better if you practice hard.
You would've failed without Tom's help.
You'll wish you had never seen it.
You'll soon get used to Japanese food.
You'll soon get accustomed to living here.
You'll soon be able to speak French.
You'll pay for it.
You'll have to work a lot.
You'll have to go to Boston next year.
You'll find this lesson easy.
You'll be able to see Tom tomorrow.
You'll be missed by your friends when you're gone.
I shouldn't have stayed up late yesterday.
Let me eat first.
Life is too short to be afraid to fall in love.
Please do me a favor, will you?
I was able to do that much quicker than Tom.
I wasn't able to do that as fast as Tom.
I was able to do that much faster than Tom.
Why were you holding Tom's hand?
I've never smoked a cigarette in my life.
I've always wanted to be a singer.
You only have to read a few more pages.
I've just turned thirty.
It's essential that we do that.
I thought that Tom would come.
I think that it was Tom's mistake.
I think Tom will do his best.
I think that man was speaking French.
I talked to Tom after class.
I should cancel my trip to Boston.
I plan to break up with Mary.
I persuaded Tom to try again.
Your mother must've been very beautiful when she was young.
I only do that about three times a year.
I should've told Mary that I loved her.
I think Tom's hiding something from me.
I was in Boston when it happened.
I eventually want to be fluent in French.
I know Tom is still in love with you.
I was very impressed by Tom's good behavior.
I'd like to invite you to dinner.
I am as I am, but I am not always what I want to be.
God makes people who are beautiful, have a great voice and a very good memory. God also makes people who have only one of these qualities, but God also makes people who have none of these three qualities, one of whom I am.
Everything happened at the speed of light.
Pandora's box is bad for the World.
You are not coming.
Without TRANSLATIONS I would be limited to the borders of my country. The TRANSLATOR is my important ally. He introduces me to the WORLD.
Guarani is one of the two official languages of Paraguay.
Paraguay has two official languages: Spanish and Guarani.
The fact that most criminals belong to a certain group does not imply that most members of that group are criminals. To claim that it does is to commit the inverse fallacy.
I understand it better than I speak it.
The mix of Guarani and Spanish commonly used in the vernacular speech of Paraguay is called Jopara.
I'm not interested in anything you're selling.
What city is this?
What village is this?
What town is this?
What country is this?
What river is this?
What language is that?
What dialect is this?
What dialect is that?
What dialect are you speaking?
Guess what language I'm speaking.
The wizard is back.
The wizard has returned.
I prefer to work alone.
Tom has an opinion on everything.
Mary has an opinion on everything.
I am at the railway station, in Paris. You will come to pick me up?
"Tell me, aren't you hungry?"" "Yes, of course, and thirsty too."
Over there, I am sure we will find something to eat.
What you do for yourself and your health, you do it for your friends as well.
I am talking about my brother.
This key doesn't work.
"Where does Tom come from?" "He comes from the university."
What does the F5 key do?
This tramway connects the city centre with the railway station.
Here there are a few stuck keys.
There are a few keys here that are jammed.
Some of the keys on the piano are broken.
Thomas has been vomiting the entire night.
Has her Highness slept well?
I wasn't able to ask for your phone number again.
I'd gladly pay $500 for it.
Sami admitted he had a problem with infidelity.
Sami is back in Cairo.
Sami reported Layla as being an illegal alien.
Sami talked about his infidelity.
The promise of a better life brought Sami to Canada.
Sami helped Layla to adjust to life in Egypt.
It seemed the only thing missing in Sami's life was love.
Sami and Layla's friendship grew.
Sami is staying for dinner.
Sami made the decision to postpone college.
Sami wasn't sure where he wanted to go in life.
Sami was enjoyin life.
Sami was seeing a young girl named Layla.
Sami has been living a double life.
Sami has kept his life as a dancer a secret.
The police were able to confirm Sami's alibi.
Sami might have had some connection to Layla's life.
Sami brought stability to Layla's life.
Sex and drugs were Sami's life.
Sami liked the music life.
Sami liked the party life.
Sami knew about Layla's love affair with Farid.
Sami didn't deny having an affair with Layla.
Police extracted the truth out of Sami.
Sami and Layla relocated to Cairo.
It seemed that Sami's life was heading in the right direction.
Sami relocated to Cairo.
Sami told us more about Layla's personal life.
Sami's phone was ringing off the hook.
Sami has heard the affair rumors.
Sami is having an affair with Farid's girlfriend.
You need to stay away from my girlfriend.
I know you're dating again.
Sami felt like his whole life was over.
Mom was a single mom for most of my life.
Sami loved life.
Sami just loved life.
I also noticed that.
You shouldn't be taking someone else's.
He'll show up soon.
The committee accepted the proposal.
He has nightmares.
We have nightmares.
They have nightmares.
In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Be the love that you are.
Peace is not the absence of warriors, but their new thoughts, feelings and actions with open hearts.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
I haven't been feeling well for the past few days.
Can you stay a bit longer?
I feel lonely when you're not here.
I don't need you in my life.
We will always be here for you.
We need to dust the table.
The leaves on the trees are so pretty.
Trees use photosynthesis to turn sunlight, carbon dioxide and water into sugars.
Will we meet again?
Canadians are more in debt than anyone else in the world.
Household debt levels in Canada are higher than those in any country in the OECD.
All my settings got wiped out.
All my settings were lost.
Think, then speak.
Judging by the photograph, this was an adult male.
The tower collapsed.
Your daughter is tall.
The project is under discussion.
That's under discussion.
Everything is under discussion.
That was under discussion.
During dinner the elk drank a lot of beer, fell down the stairs, and died.
We went to bed.
You went to bed.
Tom would have preferred to stay home.
The function of most genes remains a mystery.
Tom keeps a food diary.
It's better to wait for the police to arrive.
It's better to wait until the police arrive.
We should wait until the police arrive.
The number of tourists has increased.
Layla was pregnant.
Layla was excited about the pregnancy.
Sami decided to go back to school to pursue his studies.
This is what Sami eats for dinner.
Sami is wearing a sweater.
Sami is in a rush.
Sami has never eaten sushi.
Sami did another video.
Sami is watching this right now.
Sami wants to see that.
Sami made a lengthy intro to the video.
Sami gave himself the middle name Farid.
Sami doesn't have a favorite movie.
Sami just prefers water.
Layla never wears makeup.
Sami has a weird obsession with pickles.
Sami owns a dog.
Sami enjoys photography.
Sami has a little sister.
Sami looks like me.
Sami enjoys chocolate.
Sami prefers reading over watching TV.
Sami is convinced that everybody hates him.
Sami isn't wearing his wedding ring today.
Sami doesn't really have friends.
Sami had a pet hedgehog.
Sami is supposed to be studying for an Arabic exam right now.
Sami hates bugs.
Sami wants to study at a school of tourism.
Sami want to move out to Cairo in the next two years.
Sami would never dye his hair.
Sami enjoyed the video.
Sami has seen this video.
Sami filmed a video of himself.
Sami has never been to a funeral.
Sami didn't stop singing.
Sami absolutely hated it.
Sami was terrified.
Sami still can't say his name correctly.
Sami has a phobia of big bugs.
Sami was excited to go to Egypt.
Sami speaks with a Canadian accent.
Sami is from Cairo.
Sami has never been to Egypt.
Tom isn't a minor.
Sami loves the history of Egypt.
Sami loves history and he especially loves the history of Egypt.
Sami has no regrets.
Sami is happy with his life now.
Sami is a very impatient person.
Sami spent the night in jail.
Sami wore black jeans.
Sami only eats some meats.
Sami doesn't eat pork chops.
Sami is a home person.
Sami likes to be at home.
Sami cleans up his room every evening.
Sami did four years of high school.
Sami just didn't do it.
Sami had to go to a special school.
Sami went to night school.
Sami found that really stressful.
Sami was raised in Cairo.
Sami grew up in Egypt.
Sami hates cigarettes.
Sami doesn't smoke now.
Layla loves anything romantic.
Sami loves country music.
Sami grew up on country music.
Sami loves slow music.
Sami loves acoustic music.
Sami's favorite food is pasta.
Sami has a really bad eyesight.
Sami used to wear glasses all the time.
Sami should be wearing his glasses all the time.
Sami doesn't think it's gonna work.
Sami kept the guitar in his closet.
I haven't told anybody else.
I haven't told anyone else.
So are you coming or not?
None of the shops I went to had the book I wanted.
I can never get Tom to eat any vegetables.
I met Tom on the way to school.
I think I understand what Tom's trying to say.
I knew all along that Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I have to remember to mail this letter.
I suppose Tom will be back soon.
I lost interest in doing that.
I arrived too late to hear Tom's speech.
I tried to get Tom to learn how to drive.
I lost my watch, so I have to buy a new one.
I have to go to the station at once.
Sami has been unfaithful with other women.
Sami was feeling depressed about the affair.
Sami began an affair with Layla.
Sami was born out of an affair.
Layla got pregnant in high school.
Sami drifted into Layla's life.
Sami and Layla built a happy life together.
He is fluent in Kadazan.
Then we should go back.
I was terribly angry.
This project is on a path to failure.
What did you grumble a while ago?
Have you already forgotten what you just said?
It would be good if you wrote it to be more readable.
Which one does Tom think is good?
"What is the greatest invention of the human mind?" "The compound interest!"
"What about the girl?" "She'll have to go back to the orphanage."
I'm sorry. I wasn't paying attention.
I explained the accident to Tom.
I am sorry, It's all my fault.
I hear Tom is good at chess.
Tom, which do you think is better?
I bought this book at a store on Park Street.
I think it'll snow tomorrow.
I hope that you're not afraid.
I'm too busy to help Tom.
I'm three years younger than Tom is.
I'm the same height as Tom is.
I'm sure that Tom will come on time.
I'm sure Tom will return soon.
I'm sure Tom will get mad.
I'm sure I'll find a way.
I'm sure Tom will leave early.
I'm sorry, but Tom isn't home.
You're going to look me in the eye and tell me the truth.
Sami's body was found in a forest, covered in wood.
Dad and I are sixty years apart.
I know Sami was hanging around here.
I'm not a cop. I promise.
I need to figure out what happened to Sami.
Please tell Sami to call me back.
Police is searching for the killer.
The police reached out for the FBI to help them find the criminal.
I'm sorry Tom isn't here.
I'm pretty sure that this is Tom's umbrella.
I'm not sure yet, but I might do that.
I'm not sure when Tom will turn up.
Sami came into the house.
Layla got fed up with being a mother.
The accident created a traffic jam.
This question has often come up.
This question has often been raised.
We raced our Beetles.
The dog bit her leg.
It's Mobility Week!
He died and left his son a fortune.
You cannot take everyone into the future, some people have to stay in the past.
Your ingratitude is repulsive.
I'm not as intelligent as Tom.
I'm not as intelligent as Tom is.
I'm meeting Tom this evening.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in October.
I'm going to Boston this fall.
I'm certain that Tom has finished.
I'm aware that Tom did that.
I'm assuming you're Canadian.
I'm afraid your plan won't work.
I'm afraid Tom can't do it.
Tom was the most popular boy in high school.
We must protect the rain forest.
This man was looking for shelter from the rain.
You are washing my apple.
Can you lend me $20? I'll pay you back next Monday.
I'm not sure if I miss her or just miss having a girlfriend.
I wouldn't call myself a sentimental person, but it brought tears to my eyes.
Mary thinks that Megham is up to scratch for the royal job.
See no evil, Hear no evil, Speak no evil.
Dogs have owners; cats, servers.
Fortunately, we have prevailed and so a definition has been included in Article 2.
As it is above, so it is below.
Reading this book, I felt a renewing sense of the importance of camaraderie.
Do you want to become internet friends?
Tom saw my diary without permission!
Recently, I've tired quickly.
No matter how many times you see this, you still laugh.
This soup is delicious, but I think it's taste is too strong.
Sami and Layla's affair lasted several years.
Sami and Layla began an affair that lasted several years.
Is Sami telling the truth?
Sami was charged with murder.
Sami came home from work and found his wife in bed with another man.
This crime will get Sami thirty years to life.
Sami took an innocent person's life for no reason.
In love as in life, every decision one makes has consequences.
When Sami died, my whole life was gone.
Sami and Layla cherished their time together.
Layla got pregnant and had a baby.
Sami and Layla vowed to build the best life possible for their growing family.
Sami knew that Layla was cheating.
Sami knew very well that Layla was having an affair.
Are you being unfaithful to Sami?
I would never cheat on my husband.
Sami admitted having an affair with two women.
"You're having an affair." "It was just a fling."
Mary's gynecologist found some lumps in her breasts.
Tom is a college dropout.
Tom is a wildlife rehabilitator.
Bitcoin is a cryptocurrency.
Bitcoin is now worth more than $10,000.
Tom sold his house and his car to buy bitcoins.
Tom was fired over a sexual harassment allegation.
Tom was accused of inappropriate sexual behaviour.
Tom was accused by several women of unwanted sexual advances.
Tom apologized for his behavior.
Why is everyone acting like this is such a big deal?
I'm sure Mary will understand.
When castling will be moved the king as well as a rook.
I was just joking around.
Neither today nor ever!
Tom switched on the desk lamp and started working.
Those students are Canadians.
This novel was translated from French.
This is the house where Tom was born.
This is Tom's only chance.
This is Tom's car, I think.
Have you not received my letters?
I have decided to be happy today.
This house isn't very big.
Would you be so kind as to slice the pizza in three parts.
Flanders is more reliant on the export of cars and diamonds than Walloonia.
Quite a lot of people were surprised by the fact that Tom had joined in.
The actor of the series "Tom and Mary" speaks the truth.
Here I feel like I have entered your own room.
The minister offended more than once fellow members of the opposition.
Lightning flashed across the sky.
That'll change nothing.
I play football everyday.
May you be rich!
This is true love!
What love!
Peace and love.
I don't fly.
Are you learning Kazakh?
This is a really good book!
I am also pleased to meet you.
Is your country of birth Kazakhstan?
If all goes well, we will meet again.
How is your health?
We are expecting you!
Last week my uncle loaned me ten dollars, and as of today I haven't paid it back.
He gave his place to an old man.
Lending spoils relationships.
Sami was biologically male.
Sami learned the shocking truth about Layla.
Just calm down and let it go.
Layla said she was on her period.
Does this mean that Sami is gay?
Sami fought for his life but it was no use.
Sami wanted to experience life with Layla.
Sami was living his life.
Sami's name is now legally Layla.
Sami, a transgender, legally changed his name to Layla.
Sami didn't know what the word transgender meant until a transgender man was killed in his neighborhood.
That's the life that Sami has built.
Sami was on a trajectory to do big things in life.
I never doubt that with hard work and confidence, I'll make it to the top eventually.
Tom bathed.
We were accepting guests.
I'm telling you this because you're my friend.
I apologize in advance to all the women.
The price of petrol is, most of the time, a result of strategic political decisions.
The beggar knew what that meant.
The concert was incredible
I was fascinated from the moment I saw it.
He is under constant surveillance.
Now I'll summarize all I just said.
Yes, with time, all will become clear.
It was yesterday morning when Mary saw Mr. Carter.
I was the last to arrive.
She doesn't like idols.
Must see.
The cat rolled into a ball on the sofa.
On Friday we have a housewarming party!
If you want to marry my daughter, you must respect our family traditions.
Look in the mirror!
Is there a toilet somewhere?
He lived in central London.
We follow you to the airport.
Is your sister there?
He is my uncle, since my father is his brother.
I am no thief.
You are lucky.
I don't know how to read yet.
Your names are Tom and Mary, right?
Your names are Tom and Mary, correct?
You know that Tom and Mary are still planning to go, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary are still planning on going, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary are still planning to do that, don't you?
You know that Tom and Mary are still planning on doing that, don't you?
You don't know if Tom and Mary need to do that or not, do you?
You don't know whether Tom and Mary need to do that or not, do you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to stay with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning on staying with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning on going with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to do that with, did you?
You didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning on doing that with, did you?
You didn't know if Tom and Mary were going to do that or not, did you?
You didn't know whether Tom and Mary were going to do that or not, did you?
Why aren't Tom and Mary planning to go?
Why aren't Tom and Mary planning on going?
Why aren't Tom and Mary planning to do that?
Why aren't Tom and Mary planning on doing that?
Why are Tom and Mary planning to go?
Why are Tom and Mary planning on going?
Why are Tom and Mary planning to do that?
Why are Tom and Mary planning on doing that?
Who do Tom and Mary plan on staying with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan to stay with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan on staying with in Boston?
Who do Tom and Mary plan to stay with in Boston?
Who do Tom and Mary plan on going with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan to go with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan on doing that with?
Who do Tom and Mary plan to do that with?
Who did Tom and Mary plan to ask for help?
Who did Tom and Mary plan on asking for help?
Where were you the night that Tom and Mary were murdered?
Where were you on the night Tom and Mary were murdered?
Where do Tom and Mary plan to stay?
Where do Tom and Mary plan on staying?
Where do Tom and Mary plan to stay in Boston?
Where do Tom and Mary plan on staying in Boston?
Where do Tom and Mary plan to live?
Where do Tom and Mary plan on living?
Where do Tom and Mary plan to go?
Where do Tom and Mary plan on going?
Where do Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Where do Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
When do Tom and Mary plan on going?
When do Tom and Mary plan to go?
When do Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
When do Tom and Mary plan to do that?
When are Tom and Mary planning to go?
When are Tom and Mary planning on going?
When are Tom and Mary planning to do that?
When are Tom and Mary planning on doing that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are planning on resigning?
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are planning to resign?
What do Tom and Mary plan to do now?
What do Tom and Mary plan on doing now?
What are Tom and Mary planning to do later?
What are Tom and Mary planning on doing later?
What are Tom and Mary planning to do after they retire?
What are Tom and Mary planning on doing after they retire?
We need to find out if Tom and Mary are planning to help us.
We need to find out if Tom and Mary are planning on helping us.
We just want to know if Tom and Mary are coming or not.
We just want to know whether Tom and Mary are coming or not.
We don't know if Tom and Mary are going to come or not.
We don't know whether Tom and Mary are going to come or not.
We didn't know if Tom and Mary were busy or not.
We didn't know whether Tom and Mary were busy or not.
Tom says that he'll teach French to my children.
Tom is having dinner right now.
Tom is eating dinner right now.
Tom and Mary zipped their jackets up.
Tom and Mary zipped up their jackets.
Tom and Mary yelled for help, but no one heard them.
Tom and Mary yelled for help, but nobody heard them.
Tom and Mary wouldn't let anyone help them.
Tom and Mary wouldn't let anybody help them.
Tom and Mary wouldn't let anyone do anything for them.
Tom and Mary wouldn't let anybody do anything for them.
Tom and Mary wouldn't ask you to do that for them if they could find anyone else to do it for them.
Tom and Mary wouldn't ask you to do that for them if they could find anybody else to do it for them.
Tom and Mary wondered why no one had told them about that.
Tom and Mary wondered why nobody had told them about that.
Tom and Mary wondered why everyone was staring at them.
Tom and Mary wondered why everybody was staring at them.
Tom and Mary wondered whether John would like the gift they bought him.
Tom and Mary wondered whether John would like the gift they bought for him.
Tom and Mary won't tell anyone, will they?
Tom and Mary won't tell anybody, will they?
Tom and Mary won't find anyone who'll help them do that.
Tom and Mary won't find anybody who'll help them do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that by themselves, so we need to ask someone to help them.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that by themselves, so we need to ask somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that by themselves, so we have to ask someone to help them.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that by themselves, so we have to ask somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary won't be able to buy everything they need for $300.
Tom and Mary won't be able to buy everything they need for three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary woke up when they heard someone knocking on the door.
Tom and Mary woke up when they heard somebody knocking on the door.
Tom and Mary wish they could speak French as well as John does.
Tom and Mary wish they could speak French as well as John.
Tom and Mary will tell John they don't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary will tell John they don't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary will need at least $300 to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary will need at least three hundred dollars to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary will need at least $300 to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary will need at least three hundred dollars to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary will miss you a lot.
Tom and Mary are going to miss you a lot.
Tom and Mary will keep doing that if someone doesn't stop them.
Tom and Mary will keep doing that if somebody doesn't stop them.
Tom and Mary will hurt themselves if they're not careful.
Tom and Mary will hurt themselves if they aren't careful.
Tom and Mary will get themselves killed if they're not more careful.
Tom and Mary will get themselves killed if they aren't more careful.
Tom and Mary will do whatever you ask them to.
Tom and Mary will do whatever you ask them to do.
Tom and Mary will do that later when they're not so busy.
Tom and Mary will do that later when they aren't so busy.
Tom and Mary will do that if you pay them to.
Tom and Mary will do that if you pay them to do it.
Tom and Mary weren't sure if they should do that or not.
Tom and Mary weren't sure whether they should do that or not.
Tom and Mary weren't sure if they could do that or not.
Tom and Mary weren't sure whether they could do that or not.
Tom and Mary weren't planning to do that until John asked them to.
Tom and Mary weren't planning on doing that until John asked them to.
Tom and Mary weren't planning on going until John asked them to.
Tom and Mary weren't planning to go until John asked them to.
Tom and Mary were told that they're not required to do that.
Tom and Mary were told that they aren't required to do that.
Tom and Mary were glad that someone agreed with them.
Tom and Mary were glad that somebody agreed with them.
Tom and Mary were extremely concerned about that.
Tom and Mary were very concerned about that.
Tom and Mary were afraid someone would see them.
Tom and Mary were afraid somebody would see them.
Tom and Mary wanted to get someone to do that for them.
Tom and Mary wanted to get somebody to do that for them.
Tom and Mary wanted everyone to know that they were unhappy.
Tom and Mary wanted everybody to know that they were unhappy.
Tom and Mary want to get someone to do that for them.
Tom and Mary want to get somebody to do that for them.
Tom and Mary want someone to help them.
Tom and Mary want somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary want someone to help them paint their house.
Tom and Mary want somebody to help them paint their house.
Tom and Mary usually help anyone who asks them for help.
Tom and Mary usually help anybody who asks them for help.
Tom and Mary used to go to Boston every summer when they were kids.
Tom and Mary used to go to Boston every summer when they were children.
Tom and Mary used to do that when they were kids.
Tom and Mary used to do that when they were children.
Tom and Mary turned their phones off.
Tom and Mary turned off their phones.
Tom and Mary turned their flashlights on.
Tom and Mary turned on their flashlights.
Tom and Mary turned off their desk lamps.
Tom and Mary turned their desk lamps off.
Tom and Mary tried to convince everybody that they were innocent.
Tom and Mary tried to convince everyone that they were innocent.
Tom and Mary took their uniforms off.
Tom and Mary took off their uniforms.
Tom and Mary took their sweaters off.
Tom and Mary took off their sweaters.
Tom and Mary took their socks off.
Tom and Mary took off their socks.
Tom and Mary took their shoes off.
Tom and Mary took off their shoes.
Tom and Mary took their jackets off.
Tom and Mary took off their jackets.
Tom and Mary took their helmets off.
Tom and Mary took off their helmets.
Tom and Mary took their hats off.
Tom and Mary took off their hats.
Tom and Mary took their goggles off.
Tom and Mary took off their goggles.
Tom and Mary took their gloves off.
Tom and Mary took off their gloves.
Tom and Mary took their glasses off.
Tom and Mary took off their glasses.
Tom and Mary took their coats off.
Tom and Mary took off their coats.
Tom and Mary took their clothes off.
Tom and Mary took off their clothes.
Tom and Mary took their boots off.
Tom and Mary took off their boots.
Tom and Mary took off their watch.
Tom and Mary took their watches off.
Tom and Mary took off their caps.
Tom and Mary took their caps off.
Tom and Mary told Tom what they were planning on doing.
Tom and Mary told Tom what they were planning to do.
Tom and Mary told Tom they were planning on staying in Boston until October.
Tom and Mary told Tom they were planning to stay in Boston until October.
Tom and Mary told Tom they were planning on going.
Tom and Mary told Tom they were planning to go.
Tom and Mary told Tom they were planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary told Tom they were planning to do that.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they weren't planning on staying in Boston very long.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they weren't planning to stay in Boston very long.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they weren't planning on going.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they weren't planning to go.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they weren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they weren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they were planning on staying in Boston until October.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they were planning to stay in Boston until October.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they were planning on going.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they were planning to go.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they were planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary told Tom that they were planning to do that.
Tom and Mary told me where they were planning to stay.
Tom and Mary told me where they were planning on staying.
Tom and Mary told me where they were planning to go.
Tom and Mary told me where they were planning on going.
Tom and Mary told me where they were planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary told me where they were planning to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they're not hungry.
Tom and Mary told me they aren't hungry.
Tom and Mary told me they're not going to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they aren't going to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they're not going to do that again.
Tom and Mary told me they aren't going to do that again.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't prepared to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning to go.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning on going.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning to eat out today.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning on eating out today.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning on staying very long.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning to stay very long.
Tom and Mary told me they planned to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they plan to stay at the Hilton.
Tom and Mary told me they plan on staying at the Hilton.
Tom and Mary told me they plan to go.
Tom and Mary told me they plan on going.
Tom and Mary told me they plan to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know anyone named John.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know anybody named John.
Tom and Mary told me that they're not certain what they should do.
Tom and Mary told me that they aren't certain what they should do.
Tom and Mary told John they were planning to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they were planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't plan on staying very long.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't plan to stay very long.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't plan on going.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't plan to go.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't plan on going with him.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't plan to go with him.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't willing to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were unwilling to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were planning to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they were adopted.
Tom and Mary told everyone they were adopted.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they passed the exam.
Tom and Mary told everyone that they'd passed the exam.
Tom and Mary told everyone at work that they were going to retire.
Tom and Mary told everybody at work that they were going to retire.
Tom and Mary tiptoed so no one would hear them.
Tom and Mary tiptoed so nobody would hear them.
Tom and Mary thought they were smarter than anyone else.
Tom and Mary thought they were smarter than anybody else.
Tom and Mary think they're smarter than anyone else.
Tom and Mary think they're smarter than anybody else.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends might not be able to do that.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends may not be able to do that.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends might do that.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends may do that.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends might be able to do that.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends may be able to do that.
Tom and Mary swore they'd never do that to anyone.
Tom and Mary swore they'd never do that to anybody.
Tom and Mary surprised everyone when they did that.
Tom and Mary surprised everybody when they did that.
Tom and Mary stuck their tongues out.
Tom and Mary stuck out their tongues.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they're not going to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me the reason why they're not going to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me the reason why they aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary stayed longer than they'd planned.
Tom and Mary stayed longer than they'd planned to.
Tom and Mary sold me their old car.
Tom and Mary sold their old car to me.
Tom and Mary shouted, but no one heard them.
Tom and Mary shouted, but nobody heard them.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have ever tried to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have ever tried doing that on their own.
Tom and Mary should've told John that they were married.
Tom and Mary should've told John they were married.
Tom and Mary should never have tried to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary should never have tried doing that on their own.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them what John was planning on doing.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them what John was planning to do.
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they try to do that.
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they try doing that.
Tom and Mary say they're still planning to go.
Tom and Mary say they're still planning on going.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to go tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they're planning on going tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they're planning on going.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to go.
Tom and Mary say they're planning on going to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to go to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary say they're not willing to take that risk.
Tom and Mary say they aren't willing to take that risk.
Tom and Mary say they're not sick.
Tom and Mary say they aren't sick.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to stay inside all day.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on staying inside all day.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to stay here all winter.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to stay here all winter.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on staying here all winter.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to go.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on going.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to go tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on going tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to go there again.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on going there again.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to go anywhere.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on going anywhere.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to go anymore.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to go anymore.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on going anymore.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to do that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on doing that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning to do that again.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning on doing that again.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on staying here all winter.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on going anymore.
Tom and Mary say they're not interested.
Tom and Mary say they aren't interested.
Tom and Mary say they're not happy here.
Tom and Mary say they aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary say they're not guilty.
Tom and Mary say they aren't guilty.
Tom and Mary say they're not going.
Tom and Mary say they aren't going.
Tom and Mary say they're not going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're not feeling any better.
Tom and Mary say they aren't feeling any better.
Tom and Mary say they're not enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary say they aren't enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary say they're not done yet.
Tom and Mary say they aren't done yet.
Tom and Mary say they're not concerned.
Tom and Mary say they aren't concerned.
Tom and Mary say they're not coming.
Tom and Mary say they aren't coming.
Tom and Mary say they're not coming back here.
Tom and Mary say they aren't coming back here.
Tom and Mary say they're not busy.
Tom and Mary say they aren't busy.
Tom and Mary say they're not busy tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they aren't busy tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they want to buy a present for John.
Tom and Mary say they want to buy John a present.
Tom and Mary say they think that isn't going to happen.
Tom and Mary say they think that's not going to happen.
Tom and Mary say they think it'll be impossible to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it won't be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it isn't possible.
Tom and Mary say they think it's not possible.
Tom and Mary say they saw someone climbing over the fence.
Tom and Mary say they saw somebody climbing over the fence.
Tom and Mary say they saw nothing.
Tom and Mary say they didn't see anything.
Tom and Mary say they plan to stay where they are.
Tom and Mary say they plan on staying where they are.
Tom and Mary say they plan to stay in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they plan on staying in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they plan to stay here all summer.
Tom and Mary say they plan on staying here all summer.
Tom and Mary say they plan to go.
Tom and Mary say they plan on going.
Tom and Mary say they plan to be in Boston next weekend.
Tom and Mary say they plan on being in Boston next weekend.
Tom and Mary say they need to find someone to help them.
Tom and Mary say they need to find somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary say they need to find someone to help them do that.
Tom and Mary say they need to find somebody to help them do that.
Tom and Mary say they need to find someone to do that for them.
Tom and Mary say they need to find somebody to do that for them.
Tom and Mary say they need to find somebody to help John.
Tom and Mary say they need to find someone to help John.
Tom and Mary say they need to find somebody to do that for John.
Tom and Mary say they need to find someone to do that for John.
Tom and Mary say they might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they may not have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John tries to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John tries doing that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John likes to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John likes doing that.
Tom and Mary say they haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary say they haven't yet done that.
Tom and Mary say they have to find someone to help them do that.
Tom and Mary say they have to find somebody to help them do that.
Tom and Mary say they have to find someone to do that for them.
Tom and Mary say they have to find somebody to do that for them.
Tom and Mary say they have to find somebody to do that for John.
Tom and Mary say they have to find someone to do that for John.
Tom and Mary say they don't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John likes to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John likes doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to go this week.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on going this week.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on going there by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to go by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on going by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to go back there again.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on going back there again.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to be there.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on being there.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on doing that this week.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to do that this week.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on doing that here.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to do that here.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on doing that again.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to do that again.
Tom and Mary say they don't like to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John is planning to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John is planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know who John is planning to go with.
Tom and Mary say they don't know who John is planning on going with.
Tom and Mary say they don't know who John is planning to do that with.
Tom and Mary say they don't know who John is planning on doing that with.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John is planning to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John is planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know when John is planning to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know when John is planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know when John is planning on going to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they don't know when John is planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really plans on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really plans to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really plans on doing that this week.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really plans to do that this week.
Tom and Mary say they didn't plan to go home early.
Tom and Mary say they didn't plan on going home early.
Tom and Mary say they didn't plan on staying so long.
Tom and Mary say they didn't plan to stay so long.
Tom and Mary say they didn't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't worried.
Tom and Mary say they're not worried.
Tom and Mary say they aren't worried about that.
Tom and Mary say they're not worried about that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't tired.
Tom and Mary say they're not tired.
Tom and Mary say they aren't tired yet.
Tom and Mary say they're not tired yet.
Tom and Mary say they aren't thirsty.
Tom and Mary say they're not thirsty.
Tom and Mary say they aren't the only one who didn't do that.
Tom and Mary say they're not the only one who didn't do that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't the one who did that.
Tom and Mary say they're not the one who did that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't sure they're ready.
Tom and Mary say they're not sure they're ready.
Tom and Mary say they aren't sure if they can do that, but they say they'll try.
Tom and Mary say they're not sure if they can do that, but they say they'll try.
Tom and Mary say they aren't sleepy.
Tom and Mary say they're not sleepy.
Tom and Mary say they aren't sleepy yet.
Tom and Mary say they're not sleepy yet.
Tom and Mary say they aren't ready to go.
Tom and Mary say they're not ready to go.
Tom and Mary say they aren't ready to go home yet.
Tom and Mary say they're not ready to go home yet.
Tom and Mary say they aren't ready to give up.
Tom and Mary say they're not ready to give up.
Tom and Mary say they aren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're not ready to do that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't ready to do that yet.
Tom and Mary say they're not ready to do that yet.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to stay inside all day.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on staying inside all day.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to go.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on going.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to go tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to go there again.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on going there again.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to go anywhere.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on going anywhere.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on doing that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they aren't planning to do that again.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on doing that again.
Tom and Mary say they're not planning on going tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they aren't interested in sports.
Tom and Mary say they're not interested in sports.
Tom and Mary say they aren't interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary say they're not interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't interested in doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they're not interested in doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they aren't interested in doing that again.
Tom and Mary say they're not interested in doing that again.
Tom and Mary say they aren't in the mood to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they're not in the mood to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they aren't hungry.
Tom and Mary say they're not hungry.
Tom and Mary say they aren't hungry yet.
Tom and Mary say they're not hungry yet.
Tom and Mary say they aren't having any fun.
Tom and Mary say they're not having any fun.
Tom and Mary say they aren't happy.
Tom and Mary say they're not happy.
Tom and Mary say they aren't giving up.
Tom and Mary say they're not giving up.
Tom and Mary say they aren't angry.
Tom and Mary say they're not angry.
Tom and Mary say they aren't afraid.
Tom and Mary say they're not afraid.
Tom and Mary say they aren't afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're not afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary say they aren't afraid of anything.
Tom and Mary say they're not afraid of anything.
Tom and Mary say they aren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're not able to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they're not interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they aren't interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they'll teach French to my kids.
Tom and Mary say that they'll teach French to my children.
Tom and Mary say that they want to do that, too.
Tom and Mary say that they want to do that as well.
Tom and Mary say that they usually make three hundred dollars an hour.
Tom and Mary say that they usually make three hundred dollars per hour.
Tom and Mary say that they plan to stay in Boston as long as they can.
Tom and Mary say that they plan on staying in Boston as long as they can.
Tom and Mary say that they plan on going.
Tom and Mary say that they plan to go.
Tom and Mary say that they plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they plan to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they need to do that, too.
Tom and Mary say that they need to do that as well.
Tom and Mary say that they also need to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they have to do that, too.
Tom and Mary say that they have to do that as well.
Tom and Mary say that they also have to do that.
Tom and Mary say everyone they usually hang out with speaks French.
Tom and Mary say everybody they usually hang out with speaks French.
Tom and Mary say everyone they know has done that.
Tom and Mary say everybody they know has done that.
Tom and Mary say everyone they know enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary say everybody they know enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary say everyone they know does that.
Tom and Mary say everybody they know does that.
Tom and Mary say everyone they know can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary say everybody they know can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary say everyone they know can do that.
Tom and Mary say everybody they know can do that.
Tom and Mary said they've noticed the difference.
Tom and Mary said they've gone sailing only three times.
Tom and Mary said they've only gone sailing three times.
Tom and Mary said they're not worried.
Tom and Mary said they aren't worried.
Tom and Mary said they're not worried about that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't worried about that.
Tom and Mary said they're not very likely to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't very likely to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not upset.
Tom and Mary said they aren't upset.
Tom and Mary said they're not tired.
Tom and Mary said they aren't tired.
Tom and Mary said they're not thirty.
Tom and Mary said they aren't thirty.
Tom and Mary said they're not thirsty.
Tom and Mary said they aren't thirsty.
Tom and Mary said they're not the least bit tired.
Tom and Mary said they aren't the least bit tired.
Tom and Mary said they're not the least bit hungry.
Tom and Mary said they aren't the least bit hungry.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure.
Tom and Mary said they're not sleepy.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sleepy.
Tom and Mary said they're not sleepy yet.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sleepy yet.
Tom and Mary said they're not sick.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sick.
Tom and Mary said they're not ready to go.
Tom and Mary said they aren't ready to go.
Tom and Mary said they're not planning to stay very long.
Tom and Mary said they're not planning on staying very long.
Tom and Mary said they aren't planning to stay very long.
Tom and Mary said they aren't planning on staying very long.
Tom and Mary said they're not planning to go.
Tom and Mary said they're not planning on going.
Tom and Mary said they aren't planning to go.
Tom and Mary said they aren't planning on going.
Tom and Mary said they're not planning to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they're not permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not making much money.
Tom and Mary said they aren't making much money.
Tom and Mary said they're not making a lot of money.
Tom and Mary said they aren't making a lot of money.
Tom and Mary said they're not mad.
Tom and Mary said they aren't mad.
Tom and Mary said they're not likely to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't likely to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they're not in any hurry.
Tom and Mary said they aren't in any hurry.
Tom and Mary said they're not in any hurry to leave.
Tom and Mary said they aren't in any hurry to leave.
Tom and Mary said they're not in any hurry to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't in any hurry to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not hungry.
Tom and Mary said they aren't hungry.
Tom and Mary said they're not happy.
Tom and Mary said they aren't happy.
Tom and Mary said they're not going to help us.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going to help us.
Tom and Mary said they're not going to help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going to help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not going to be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going to be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they're not even going to try to win.
Tom and Mary said they aren't even going to try to win.
Tom and Mary said they're not even going to try to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't even going to try to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not doing that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't doing that.
Tom and Mary said they're not busy.
Tom and Mary said they aren't busy.
Tom and Mary said they're not angry.
Tom and Mary said they aren't angry.
Tom and Mary said they're not alone.
Tom and Mary said they aren't alone.
Tom and Mary said they're not allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd never planned to stay that long.
Tom and Mary said they'd never planned on staying that long.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't ever try to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't ever try doing that again.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't tried to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't tried doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't given their phone numbers to John.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't given John their phone numbers.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't given any money to John.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't given John any money.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for John.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't forgotten to buy John a birthday present.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to go.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning on going.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to go to Tom and Alice's wedding.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning on going to Tom and Alice's wedding.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to go swimming tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning on going swimming tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning on going to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to go to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't afraid of anyone.
Tom and Mary said they weren't afraid of anybody.
Tom and Mary said they weren't able to do everything they'd planned to do.
Tom and Mary said they weren't able to do everything they'd planned on doing.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to babysit our children.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to babysit our kids.
Tom and Mary said they were planning to stay in Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they were planning on staying in Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they were planning to go to Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they were planning on going to Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they were planning on going in Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they were planning to go in Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to try to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to try doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to try to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to try doing that again.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John was planning on doing.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John was planning to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John planned on doing.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John planned to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought the statue weighed about 300 pounds.
Tom and Mary said they thought the statue weighed about three hundred pounds.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would need at least $300 to buy what he needed.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would need at least three hundred dollars to buy what he needed.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would need at least $300 to buy everything he needed.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would need at least three hundred dollars to buy everything he needed.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed at least $300 to buy what he needed.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed at least three hundred dollars to buy what he needed.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed at least $300 to buy everything he needed.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed at least three hundred dollars to buy everything he needed.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be allowed to do that when he gets older.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be permitted to do that when he gets older.
Tom and Mary said they planned to go.
Tom and Mary said they planned on going.
Tom and Mary said they planned to do that.
Tom and Mary said they planned on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they planned to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned to do that Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned on doing that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned on doing that Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned on staying where they were.
Tom and Mary said they planned to stay where they were.
Tom and Mary said they planned on going on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned to go on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned on going Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned on doing that doing on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned to do that doing on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan to stay until Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan on staying until Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan to stay in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they plan on staying in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they plan to stay in Boston until October.
Tom and Mary said they plan on staying in Boston until October.
Tom and Mary said they plan to go.
Tom and Mary said they plan on going.
Tom and Mary said they plan to go on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan on going on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan to go Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan on going Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan to do that Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan on doing that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they plan on doing that Monday.
Tom and Mary said they only did that because everyone else did.
Tom and Mary said they only did that because everybody else did.
Tom and Mary said they needed at least $300 to buy what they needed.
Tom and Mary said they needed at least three hundred dollars to buy what they needed.
Tom and Mary said they knew what John was planning on doing.
Tom and Mary said they knew what John was planning to do.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to buy what they needed for $300.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to buy what they needed for three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary said they hope John tries to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John tries doing that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John likes to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John likes doing that.
Tom and Mary said they haven't talked to John about that yet.
Tom and Mary said they haven't yet talked to John about that.
Tom and Mary said they haven't decided what they'll do yet.
Tom and Mary said they haven't yet decided what they'll do.
Tom and Mary said they had already planned to do that for us.
Tom and Mary said they had already planned on doing that for us.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to stay with us this weekend.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on staying with us this weekend.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to stay here all day.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on staying here all day.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to go.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on going.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to go with us this weekend.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on going with us this weekend.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to go there anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on going there anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to go by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on going by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to do that this weekend.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on doing that this weekend.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to do that here.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on doing that here.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on doing that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to be there.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on being there.
Tom and Mary said they don't like to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think it was a good idea to permit John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think it was a good idea to let John do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think it was a good idea to allow John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think anybody could do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really expect anyone to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really expect anybody to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really care if they won or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really care whether they won or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to leave anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on leaving anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to go this week.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on going this week.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on going there by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to go by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on going by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to go back there again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on going back there again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on doing that this week.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to do that here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on doing that here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on doing that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to be there.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on being there.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on going with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to go with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan on going to John's concert.
Tom and Mary said they didn't plan to go to John's concert.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John was planning to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John was planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was planning to stay with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was planning on staying with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was planning to go with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was planning on going with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was planning to give that to.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was planning on giving that to.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was planning to do that with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was planning on doing that with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John was planning to stay.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John was planning on staying.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John was planning to go.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John was planning on going.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John was planning to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John was planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when John was planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when John was planning on going to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when John was planning to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when John was planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know if they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know whether they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anyone who might want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anybody who might want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't expect anyone to help them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't expect anybody to help them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't expect anyone to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't expect anybody to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really planned to go with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really planned on going with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really planned to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really planned on doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really planned to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really planned on doing that this week.
Tom and Mary said their parents let them do whatever they want.
Tom and Mary said their parents let them do whatever they want to do.
Tom and Mary said their parents let them do what they want.
Tom and Mary said their parents let them do what they want to do.
Tom and Mary said their parents let them do anything they want.
Tom and Mary said their parents let them do anything they want to do.
Tom and Mary said their parents allow them to do whatever they want.
Tom and Mary said their parents allow them to do whatever they want to do.
Tom and Mary said their parents allow them to do what they want.
Tom and Mary said their parents allow them to do what they want to do.
Tom and Mary said their parents allow them to do anything they want.
Tom and Mary said their parents allow them to do anything they want to do.
Tom and Mary said that's not what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said that isn't what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said that's not what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary said that isn't what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary said that was the first time they'd tried to do that.
Tom and Mary said that was the first time they'd tried doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they're not able to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they aren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd never planned to live in Boston for so long.
Tom and Mary said that they'd never planned on living in Boston for so long.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't planning to stay very long.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't planning on staying very long.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really sure that they needed do that.
Tom and Mary said they were really sure they needed do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really sure that they had do that.
Tom and Mary said they were really sure they had do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really sure that they could do that.
Tom and Mary said they were really sure they could do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were planning to get there early.
Tom and Mary said that they were planning on getting there early.
Tom and Mary said that they really did do that without anyone's help.
Tom and Mary said that they really did do that without anybody's help.
Tom and Mary said that they might want to try doing that someday.
Tom and Mary said that they might want to try to do that someday.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be difficult.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be hard.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really plan to stay so long.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really plan on staying so long.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really plan to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't have much money on them.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't have a lot of money on them.
Tom and Mary said no one else was willing to help them.
Tom and Mary said nobody else was willing to help them.
Tom and Mary said no one else could help them.
Tom and Mary said nobody else could help them.
Tom and Mary said no one could help them.
Tom and Mary said nobody could help them.
Tom and Mary said John wasn't as angry as they thought he'd be.
Tom and Mary said John wasn't as mad as they thought he'd be.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't as hard to do that as they thought it would be.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't as difficult to do that as they thought it would be.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't as difficult to do that as they expected.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't as hard to do that as they expected.
Tom and Mary said it was more difficult to do that than they thought it would be.
Tom and Mary said it was harder to do that than they thought it would be.
Tom and Mary said it was more difficult to do that than they expected.
Tom and Mary said it was harder to do that than they expected.
Tom and Mary said it was more difficult than they expected.
Tom and Mary said it was harder than they expected.
Tom and Mary said everyone they know has done that.
Tom and Mary said everybody they know has done that.
Tom and Mary said everyone they know enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary said everybody they know enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary said everyone they know does that.
Tom and Mary said everybody they know does that.
Tom and Mary said everyone they know can do that.
Tom and Mary said everybody they know can do that.
Tom and Mary said everybody they usually hang out with speaks French.
Tom and Mary said everyone they usually hang out with speaks French.
Tom and Mary said everybody they know have done that.
Tom and Mary said everybody they know has been to Boston.
Tom and Mary said everyone they know has been to Boston.
Tom and Mary said everybody they know has a passport.
Tom and Mary said everyone they know has a passport.
Tom and Mary said doing that was more difficult than they expected.
Tom and Mary said doing that was harder than they expected.
Tom and Mary said doing that was harder than they thought it would be.
Tom and Mary said doing that was more difficult than they thought it would be.
Tom and Mary ran home as fast as they could.
Tom and Mary ran as fast as they were able to.
Tom and Mary put their sweaters on.
Tom and Mary put on their sweaters.
Tom and Mary put their socks on.
Tom and Mary put on their socks.
Tom and Mary put their shoes on.
Tom and Mary put on their shoes.
Tom and Mary put their jackets on.
Tom and Mary put on their jackets.
Tom and Mary put their helmets on.
Tom and Mary put on their helmets.
Tom and Mary put their hats on.
Tom and Mary put on their hats.
Tom and Mary put their goggles on.
Tom and Mary put on their goggles.
Tom and Mary put their gloves on.
Tom and Mary put on their gloves.
Tom and Mary put their glasses on.
Tom and Mary put on their glasses.
Tom and Mary put their forks down.
Tom and Mary put down their forks.
Tom and Mary put their coats on.
Tom and Mary put on their coats.
Tom and Mary put their boots on.
Tom and Mary put on their boots.
Tom and Mary put their books down.
Tom and Mary put down their books.
Tom and Mary put on their clothes.
Tom and Mary put their clothes on.
Tom and Mary put down their spoons.
Tom and Mary put their spoons down.
Tom and Mary put down their drinks.
Tom and Mary put their drinks down.
Tom and Mary put away their toys.
Tom and Mary put their toys away.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't tell anyone.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't tell anyone.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to buy everything they need for $300.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to buy everything they need for three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they're not supposed to park there.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they aren't supposed to park there.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they're not supposed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they aren't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary probably don't know if they need to do that or not.
Tom and Mary probably don't know whether they need to do that or not.
Tom and Mary probably don't know if they have to do that or not.
Tom and Mary probably don't know whether they have to do that or not.
Tom and Mary probably doesn't know they're not supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary probably doesn't know they aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary planned to stay at home by themselves.
Tom and Mary planned on staying at home by themselves.
Tom and Mary planned to go by themselves.
Tom and Mary planned on going by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan to stay with us when they come to Boston.
Tom and Mary plan on staying with us when they come to Boston.
Tom and Mary plan to stay at home by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan on staying at home by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan to start doing that as soon as they can.
Tom and Mary plan to go home by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan on doing home by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan to go by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan on going by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan on doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan to do that as soon as they can.
Tom and Mary plan on doing that as soon as they can.
Tom and Mary plan on doing that in the near future.
Tom and Mary plan to do that in the near future.
Tom and Mary picked up their toys.
Tom and Mary picked their toys up.
Tom and Mary paid someone to help them move the piano.
Tom and Mary paid somebody to help them move the piano.
Tom and Mary obviously wanted someone to help them.
Tom and Mary obviously wanted somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary obviously need someone to help them.
Tom and Mary obviously need somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary now live with their mom.
Tom and Mary now live with their mother.
Tom and Mary now live with their dad.
Tom and Mary now live with their father.
Tom and Mary needed someone to help them.
Tom and Mary needed somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary needed someone to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary needed somebody to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary need someone to help them.
Tom and Mary need somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary need at least $300 to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary need at least three hundred dollars to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary need at least $300 to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary need at least three hundred dollars to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary might not be in as much of a hurry to do that as you think they are.
Tom and Mary may not be in as much of a hurry to do that as you think they are.
Tom and Mary may be rich, but they're not as rich as you think they are.
Tom and Mary may be rich, but they aren't as rich as you think they are.
Tom and Mary managed to put the fire out by themselves.
Tom and Mary managed to put out the fire by themselves.
Tom and Mary made sure no one was following them.
Tom and Mary made sure nobody was following them.
Tom and Mary made sure no one could see them.
Tom and Mary made sure nobody could see them.
Tom and Mary loved singing. However, no one wanted to listen to them sing.
Tom and Mary loved singing. However, nobody wanted to listen to them sing.
Tom and Mary looked over to their shoulders to see if anyone was following them.
Tom and Mary looked over to their shoulders to see if anybody was following them.
Tom and Mary looked around, but they didn't see anybody.
Tom and Mary looked around, but they didn't see anyone.
Tom and Mary looked around to make sure no one was looking at them.
Tom and Mary looked around to make sure nobody was looking at them.
Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were kids.
Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were children.
Tom and Mary live with their mom.
Tom and Mary live with their mother.
Tom and Mary live with their dad.
Tom and Mary live with their father.
Tom and Mary like to do that with their friends.
Tom and Mary like doing that with their friends.
Tom and Mary like talking about themselves.
Tom and Mary like to talk about themselves.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they'd done that already.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they'd already done that.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they had already done that.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they had done that already.
Tom and Mary let me know that they weren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they weren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they weren't planning on staying very long.
Tom and Mary let me know that they weren't planning to stay very long.
Tom and Mary let me know that they were planning to stay in Boston for three weeks.
Tom and Mary let me know that they were planning on staying in Boston for three weeks.
Tom and Mary let me know that they were planning to do that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they were planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they planned to do that.
Tom and Mary let me know that they planned on doing that.
Tom and Mary left their kids at home.
Tom and Mary left their children at home.
Tom and Mary learned how to do that when they were kids.
Tom and Mary learned how to do that when they were children.
Tom and Mary know they're not welcome here.
Tom and Mary know they aren't welcome here.
Tom and Mary know they're not very good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary know they aren't very good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to park there.
Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to park there.
Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to eat peanuts.
Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to eat peanuts.
Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to do that again.
Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to do that again.
Tom and Mary know they're not likely to be punished.
Tom and Mary know they aren't likely to be punished.
Tom and Mary know they're not going to win.
Tom and Mary know they aren't going to win.
Tom and Mary know they'll never be able to play the French horn as well as John does.
Tom and Mary know they'll never be able to play the French horn as well as John.
Tom and Mary know that they should do something, but they're not sure what.
Tom and Mary know that they should do something, but they aren't sure what.
Tom and Mary know something that they're not telling us.
Tom and Mary know something that they aren't telling us.
Tom and Mary knew you'd try to talk them out of going.
Tom and Mary knew you'd try to convince them not to go.
Tom and Mary knew why no one liked them.
Tom and Mary knew why nobody liked them.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't speak French as well as John could.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't speak French as well as John.
Tom and Mary knew that someone was following them.
Tom and Mary knew that somebody was following them.
Tom and Mary knew that John was likely not to be ready when they got to his house.
Tom and Mary knew that John wasn't likely to be ready when they got to his house.
Tom and Mary kicked off their shoes.
Tom and Mary kicked their shoes off.
Tom and Mary just do what they need to do.
Tom and Mary only do what they need to do.
Tom and Mary insisted they weren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary insisted they weren't planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary hung their jackets up.
Tom and Mary hung up their jackets.
Tom and Mary help anyone who asks them.
Tom and Mary help anyone that asks them.
Tom and Mary help anybody who asks them.
Tom and Mary help anybody that asks them.
Tom and Mary help anyone who asks them for help.
Tom and Mary help anyone that asks them for help.
Tom and Mary help anybody who asks them for help.
Tom and Mary help anybody that asks them for help.
Tom and Mary held their hands out.
Tom and Mary held out their hands.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they want to do yet.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they want to do.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they have to do yet.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they have to do.
Tom and Mary haven't told me where they're planning on staying.
Tom and Mary haven't told me where they're planning to stay.
Tom and Mary haven't told John what they want to do yet.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told John what they want to do.
Tom and Mary haven't told John what they need to do yet.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told John what they need to do.
Tom and Mary haven't told John what they have to do yet.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told John what they have to do.
Tom and Mary haven't said what they plan to do yet.
Tom and Mary haven't yet said what they plan to do.
Tom and Mary haven't let their kids do that very many times.
Tom and Mary haven't let their children do that very many times.
Tom and Mary haven't decided what they're going to do yet.
Tom and Mary haven't yet decided what they're going to do.
Tom and Mary haven't bought everything they need yet.
Tom and Mary haven't yet bought everything they need.
Tom and Mary haven't admitted yet that they did that.
Tom and Mary haven't admitted that they did that yet.
Tom and Mary have told me they're planning to stay where they are.
Tom and Mary have told me they're planning on staying where they are.
Tom and Mary have told me they're not ready to do that.
Tom and Mary have told me they aren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary have told John they don't plan on staying at home all day.
Tom and Mary have told John they don't plan to stay at home all day.
Tom and Mary have told John they don't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary have told John they don't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary have something they'd like to say to everyone.
Tom and Mary have something they'd like to say to everybody.
Tom and Mary have nobody to blame but themselves.
Tom and Mary have no one to blame but themselves.
Tom and Mary have let their kids do that many times.
Tom and Mary have let their children do that many times.
Tom and Mary have known John since they were kids.
Tom and Mary have known John since they were children.
Tom and Mary have hired John to take care of their children.
Tom and Mary have hired John to take care of their kids.
Tom and Mary have decided that they'll try to do that.
Tom and Mary have decided that they'll try doing that.
Tom and Mary have been waiting all morning for someone to help them.
Tom and Mary have been waiting all morning for somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary have been told that they're not required to do that.
Tom and Mary have been told that they aren't required to do that.
Tom and Mary have been drinking, but they're not drunk.
Tom and Mary have been drinking, but they aren't drunk.
Tom and Mary have been doing that their whole life.
Tom and Mary have been doing that their entire life.
Tom and Mary have already told me they don't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary have already told me they don't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary have already started to do that.
Tom and Mary have already started doing that.
Tom and Mary have allowed their kids to do that many times.
Tom and Mary have allowed their children to do that many times.
Tom and Mary have a car, but they almost never use it.
Tom and Mary have a car, but they hardly ever use it.
Tom and Mary had planned on staying yesterday, but John told them to leave.
Tom and Mary had planned to stay yesterday, but John told them to leave.
Tom and Mary gave me their old car.
Tom and Mary gave their old car to me.
Tom and Mary don't want to go to graduate school.
Tom and Mary don't want to go to grad school.
Tom and Mary don't want anyone to know that they're rich.
Tom and Mary don't want anybody to know that they're rich.
Tom and Mary don't trust anyone else to do that for them.
Tom and Mary don't trust anybody else to do that for them.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they're not supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't remember doing what everyone says they did.
Tom and Mary don't remember doing what everybody says they did.
Tom and Mary don't really plan to stay up all night, do they?
Tom and Mary don't really plan on staying up all night, do they?
Tom and Mary don't really plan to do that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't really plan on doing that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't plan to go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't plan on going there by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't plan to go by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't plan on going by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that until you tell them to.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that until you tell them to.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that until John tells them to.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that until John tells them to.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that until I tell them to.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that until I tell them to.
Tom and Mary don't permit their kids to do that.
Tom and Mary don't permit their children to do that.
Tom and Mary don't like being told they're not old enough yet.
Tom and Mary don't like being told they aren't old enough yet.
Tom and Mary don't let their children do that.
Tom and Mary don't let their kids do that.
Tom and Mary don't know where John is planning to stay.
Tom and Mary don't know where John is planning on staying.
Tom and Mary don't know where John is planning to go.
Tom and Mary don't know where John is planning on going.
Tom and Mary don't know where John is planning to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know where John is planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary don't know when John is planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary don't know when John is planning on going to Boston.
Tom and Mary don't know when John is planning to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know when John is planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary don't know what they need to do yet.
Tom and Mary don't yet know what they need to do.
Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to park there.
Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to park there.
Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary don't know they're not likely to be punished.
Tom and Mary don't know they aren't likely to be punished.
Tom and Mary don't have anyone to help them.
Tom and Mary don't have anybody to help them.
Tom and Mary don't care about anyone but themselves.
Tom and Mary don't care about anybody but themselves.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really plans to go with us.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really plans on going with us.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really plans to do that.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really plans on doing that.
Tom and Mary don't allow their kids to do that.
Tom and Mary don't allow their children to do that.
Tom and Mary do whatever they want.
Tom and Mary do whatever they want to.
Tom and Mary do whatever they want to do.
Tom and Mary do that whenever they have a chance.
Tom and Mary do that whenever they have a chance to.
Tom and Mary didn't want to tell anyone where they'd been.
Tom and Mary didn't want to tell anybody where they'd been.
Tom and Mary didn't want to tell anyone about what they'd done.
Tom and Mary didn't want to tell anybody about what they'd done.
Tom and Mary didn't want anyone to see them.
Tom and Mary didn't want anybody to see them.
Tom and Mary didn't want anyone to see them doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't want anybody to see them doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't want anyone to hear them.
Tom and Mary didn't want anybody to hear them.
Tom and Mary didn't want anyone to do that for them.
Tom and Mary didn't want anybody to do that for them.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they'd done that already.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they'd already done that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone what they were planning on doing.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone what they were planning to do.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone that they'd won the lottery.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anybody that they'd won the lottery.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to care that no one seemed to like them.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to care that nobody seemed to like them.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them what John was planning on doing.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them what John was planning to do.
Tom and Mary didn't say how they were planning to get there.
Tom and Mary didn't say how they were planning on getting there.
Tom and Mary didn't know what to say, so they didn't say anything.
Tom and Mary didn't know what to say, so they said nothing.
Tom and Mary didn't know how to do that until they were thirty years old.
Tom and Mary didn't know how to do that until they were thirty.
Tom and Mary didn't have anyone to help them.
Tom and Mary didn't have anybody to help them.
Tom and Mary didn't feel like telling everyone why they were leaving.
Tom and Mary didn't feel like telling everybody why they were leaving.
Tom and Mary didn't do that the way John told them to.
Tom and Mary didn't do that the way John told them to do it.
Tom and Mary didn't care if anyone saw them.
Tom and Mary didn't care if anybody saw them.
Tom and Mary did that whenever they had a chance.
Tom and Mary did that whenever they had a chance to.
Tom and Mary did that the way John told them to.
Tom and Mary did that the way John told them to do it.
Tom and Mary cried for help, but no one heard them.
Tom and Mary cried for help, but nobody heard them.
Tom and Mary couldn't find anyone to help them.
Tom and Mary couldn't find anybody to help them.
Tom and Mary could hurt themselves if they're not careful.
Tom and Mary could hurt themselves if they aren't careful.
Tom and Mary claim they didn't know that John was planning to do that.
Tom and Mary claim they didn't know that John was planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary can't find anyone to help them.
Tom and Mary can't find anybody to help them.
Tom and Mary believe they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary believe that they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary began to write poems when they were very young.
Tom and Mary began writing poems when they were very young.
Tom and Mary aren't yet certain.
Tom and Mary aren't certain yet.
Tom and Mary aren't scared of anyone.
Tom and Mary aren't scared of anybody.
Tom and Mary aren't really planning on staying here all day, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't really planning to stay here all day, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't permitted to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't allowed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't hurting anyone.
Tom and Mary aren't hurting anybody.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let John win.
Tom and Mary won't let John win.
Tom and Mary aren't going to be able to buy everything they need for $300.
Tom and Mary aren't going to be able to buy everything they need for three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary aren't afraid of anyone.
Tom and Mary aren't afraid of anybody.
Tom and Mary aren't able to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary are unable to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to pick them up.
Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody to pick them up.
Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to help them.
Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to come pick them up.
Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody to come pick them up.
Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to come get them.
Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody to come get them.
Tom and Mary are the ones who gave John that.
Tom and Mary are the ones who gave that to John.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be at school today, but they're not.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be at school today, but they aren't.
Tom and Mary are still planning to do that.
Tom and Mary are still planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary are still planning to be there.
Tom and Mary are still planning on being there.
Tom and Mary are still planning on joining the team.
Tom and Mary are still planning to join the team.
Tom and Mary are still planning on going.
Tom and Mary are still planning to go.
Tom and Mary are still just children.
Tom and Mary are positive that they're not wrong.
Tom and Mary are positive that they aren't wrong.
Tom and Mary are planning to visit us this afternoon.
Tom and Mary are planning on visiting us this afternoon.
Tom and Mary are planning to stay there as long as they can.
Tom and Mary are planning on staying there as long as they can.
Tom and Mary are planning to leave at 2:30.
Tom and Mary are planning on leaving at 2:30.
Tom and Mary are planning to go to every bar on this street.
Tom and Mary are planning on going to every bar on this street.
Tom and Mary are planning to do just that.
Tom and Mary are planning on doing just that.
Tom and Mary are planning on taking pictures.
Tom and Mary are planning to take pictures.
Tom and Mary are planning on taking pictures tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are planning to take pictures tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are planning on staying until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are planning to stay until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are planning on staying in Boston for a few days.
Tom and Mary are planning to stay in Boston for a few days.
Tom and Mary are planning on staying for a few days.
Tom and Mary are planning to stay for a few days.
Tom and Mary are planning on joining the team.
Tom and Mary are planning to join the team.
Tom and Mary are planning on going.
Tom and Mary are planning to go.
Tom and Mary are planning on going tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are planning to go tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are planning on going tomorrow, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are planning to go tomorrow, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are planning on going to Boston next week, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are planning to go to Boston next week, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are planning on doing that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are planning to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are planning on doing that tomorrow, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are planning to do that tomorrow, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are now on their own.
Tom and Mary are on their own now.
Tom and Mary are no different from anyone else.
Tom and Mary are no different from anybody else.
Tom and Mary are lucky John did that for them.
Tom and Mary are lucky that John did that for them.
Tom and Mary are looking for someone to teach them French.
Tom and Mary are looking for somebody to teach them French.
Tom and Mary are looking for someone to teach French to their kids.
Tom and Mary are looking for someone to teach French to their children.
Tom and Mary are looking for someone to help them.
Tom and Mary are looking for somebody to help them.
Tom and Mary are looking for someone to help them build a wall.
Tom and Mary are looking for somebody to help them build a wall.
Tom and Mary are living by themselves now.
Tom and Mary are now living by themselves.
Tom and Mary are likely never to get back together.
Tom and Mary will likely never get back together.
Tom and Mary are just kids.
Tom and Mary are just children.
Tom and Mary are going to need everyone's help.
Tom and Mary are going to need everybody's help.
Tom and Mary are going to need at least $300 to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary are going to need at least three hundred dollars to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary are going to need at least $300 to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary are going to need at least three hundred dollars to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary are going to keep doing that until someone tells them that they can't.
Tom and Mary will keep doing that until someone tells them that they can't.
Tom and Mary are going to keep doing that if someone doesn't stop them.
Tom and Mary are going to keep doing that if somebody doesn't stop them.
Tom and Mary are going to hurt themselves if they're not careful.
Tom and Mary are going to hurt themselves if they aren't careful.
Tom and Mary are going to hurt themselves if they're not a little more careful.
Tom and Mary are going to hurt themselves if they aren't a little more careful.
Tom and Mary are going to have to help John.
Tom and Mary are going to need to buy a gift for John.
Tom and Mary are going to get themselves killed if they're not careful.
Tom and Mary are going to get themselves killed if they aren't careful.
Tom and Mary are going to get killed if they're not careful.
Tom and Mary are going to get killed if they aren't careful.
Tom and Mary are going to get hurt if they're not careful.
Tom and Mary are going to get hurt if they aren't careful.
Tom and Mary are going to do that later.
Tom and Mary will do that later.
Tom and Mary are going out for a walk after lunch.
Tom and Mary will be going out for a walk after lunch.
Tom and Mary are fortunate that they're allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary are fortunate that they're permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary are faster than we are.
Tom and Mary are faster than us.
Tom and Mary are extremely concerned.
Tom and Mary are very concerned.
Tom and Mary are extremely concerned about that.
Tom and Mary are very concerned about that.
Tom and Mary are extremely competent.
Tom and Mary are very competent.
Tom and Mary are already planning to leave early.
Tom and Mary are already planning on leaving early.
Tom and Mary are already planning to do that.
Tom and Mary are already planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary are a little older than me.
Tom and Mary are a little older than I am.
Tom and Mary agreed to be here at 2:30, but they're not here yet.
Tom and Mary agreed to be here at 2:30, but they aren't here yet.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
The problem is we don't know where Tom and Mary are.
The problem is that we don't know where Tom and Mary are.
The only reason Tom and Mary did that was because everyone else in their family did.
The only reason Tom and Mary did that was because everybody else in their family did.
The only flavor ice cream that Tom and Mary eat is vanilla.
The only flavor of ice cream that Tom and Mary eat is vanilla.
Someone told me Tom and Mary have moved to Boston.
Somebody told me Tom and Mary have moved to Boston.
Someone should've told Tom and Mary that they were doing that the wrong way.
Somebody should've told Tom and Mary that they were doing that the wrong way.
Please tell Tom and Mary that they're not required to do that.
Please tell Tom and Mary that they aren't required to do that.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan to stay here with us.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan on staying here with us.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan to do that.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
Please find out what Tom and Mary plan to do.
Please find out what Tom and Mary plan on doing.
Please find out what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
Please find out what Tom and Mary are planning on doing.
Nobody's seen Tom and Mary.
No one's seen Tom and Mary.
Nobody seems to know where Tom and Mary are.
No one seems to know where Tom and Mary are.
Nobody realized Tom and Mary were in pain.
Nobody realized that Tom and Mary were in pain.
No one realized Tom and Mary were in pain.
No one realized that Tom and Mary were in pain.
Nobody knows where Tom and Mary are.
No one knows where Tom and Mary are.
No one told Tom and Mary what they should do.
Nobody told Tom and Mary what they should do.
No one saw Tom and Mary do that.
Nobody saw Tom and Mary do that.
No one knows where Tom and Mary have gone.
Nobody knows where Tom and Mary have gone.
No one knew what Tom and Mary were planning to do.
Nobody knew what Tom and Mary were planning to do.
No one here knows what Tom and Mary look like.
Nobody here knows what Tom and Mary look like.
Maybe Tom and Mary saw something they shouldn't have.
Maybe Tom and Mary saw something they shouldn't have seen.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to park there.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to park there.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that anymore.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to do that anymore.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that again.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they aren't supposed to do that again.
Maybe Tom and Mary didn't do what everyone says they did.
Maybe Tom and Mary didn't do what everybody says they did.
Let's assume Tom and Mary are right.
Let's assume that Tom and Mary are right.
Let Tom and Mary do what they want.
Let Tom and Mary do what they want to do.
Just because Tom and Mary said they didn't do that doesn't mean they didn't do that.
Just because Tom and Mary said they didn't do that doesn't mean that they didn't do that.
John and Mary won't likely be as angry at John as they were at Alice.
John and Mary won't likely be as mad at John as they were at Alice.
It's obvious Tom and Mary are waiting for someone.
It's obvious Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are waiting for someone.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody.
It's just a matter of time before Tom and Mary get into trouble again.
It's only a matter of time before Tom and Mary get into trouble again.
It sounds like Tom and Mary aren't planning to stay here for very long.
It sounds like Tom and Mary aren't planning on staying here for very long.
It sounds like Tom and Mary aren't planning on doing that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary aren't planning to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are planning to stay in Boston for another three weeks.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are planning on staying in Boston for another three weeks.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
It seems no one but Tom and Mary do that.
It seems nobody but Tom and Mary do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary have already done that.
It looks like Tom and Mary have done that already.
It looks like Tom and Mary are waiting for someone.
It looks like Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody.
It looks as though Tom and Mary are waiting for someone.
It looks as though Tom and Mary are waiting for somebody.
Is it true that Tom and Mary plan to stay in Boston until October?
Is it true that Tom and Mary plan on staying in Boston until October?
Is it true that Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Is it true that Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
I'm sure Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary said they weren't planning on doing that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary said they were planning to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary said they were planning on doing that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are planning to stay until the concert is over.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are planning on staying until the concert is over.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I'm quite sure that Tom and Mary are planning to be at your party.
I'm quite sure that Tom and Mary are planning on being at your party.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary said they weren't planning on doing that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary said they were planning to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary said they were planning on doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary haven't seen this yet.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary haven't yet seen this.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary haven't yet done that.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary plan to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
I'm not convinced Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
I'm not convinced that Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
I'm glad to hear Tom and Mary are out of danger.
I'm glad to hear that Tom and Mary are out of danger.
I'm convinced Tom and Mary are guilty.
I'm convinced that Tom and Mary are guilty.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary haven't yet done that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
I wonder why Tom and Mary haven't shown up yet.
I wonder why Tom and Mary haven't yet shown up.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really were able to do that by themselves.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really were able to do that by themselves.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really can take care of themselves.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really can take care of themselves.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I wonder if Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary can really take care of themselves.
I wonder if Tom and Mary can really take care of themselves.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I wonder where Tom and Mary plan to do that.
I wonder where Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
I wonder where Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I wonder where Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I wonder when Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I wonder when Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I wonder when Tom and Mary plan to do that.
I wonder when Tom and Mary plan to go home.
I wonder when Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
I wonder when Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I wonder when Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary plan to do.
I wonder what Tom and Mary plan on doing.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are planning on doing.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are planning to buy.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are planning on buying.
I wonder is Tom and Mary want to buy a car.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary want to buy a car.
I wonder if Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were trying to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were trying to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were surprised.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were surprised.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were really surprised.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were really surprised.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were really at school today.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were really at school today.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were lying.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were lying.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were late.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were late.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were fired.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were fired.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were at school today.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were at school today.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were arrested.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were arrested.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want to sing.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary want to sing.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want to go.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary want to go.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary want to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want to buy one of those.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary want to buy one of those.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want to buy a house.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary want to buy a house.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary want that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want me to do that today.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary want me to do that today.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really did what John said they did.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really did what John said they did.
I wonder if Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are worried.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are worried.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are vegetarians.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are vegetarians.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are upset.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are upset.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are up.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are up.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are trustworthy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are trustworthy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are tired.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are tired.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are ticklish.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are ticklish.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are thirsty.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are thirsty.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are tempted to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are tempted to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are teachers.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are teachers.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are suspicious.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are suspicious.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are supposed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are studying French.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are studying French.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are strong enough to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are strong enough to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still worried.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still worried.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still upset.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still upset.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still up.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still up.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still unemployed.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still unemployed.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still undefeated.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still undefeated.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still undecided.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still undecided.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still unconvinced.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still unconvinced.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still trustworthy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still trustworthy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still tired.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still tired.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still tempted to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still tempted to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still suspicious.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still suspicious.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still stranded on that island.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still stranded on that island.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still staring at me.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still staring at me.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still sleepy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still sleepy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still skeptical.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still skeptical.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still single.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still single.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still sick.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still sick.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still shy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still shy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still scared.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still scared.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still safe.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still safe.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still reluctant to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still reluctant to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still poor.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still poor.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still overweight.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still overweight.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still outside.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still outside.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still optimistic.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still optimistic.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still nervous.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still nervous.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still motivated to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still motivated to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still married.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still married.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still mad.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still mad.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still lost.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still lost.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still lonely.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still lonely.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still interested.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still interested.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still hungry.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still hungry.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still homesick.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still homesick.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still homeless.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still homeless.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still home.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still home.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still hesitant to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still hesitant to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still here.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still here.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still healthy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still healthy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still fat.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still fat.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still downstairs.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still downstairs.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still doing that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still doing that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still difficult to get along with.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still difficult to get along with.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still determined to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still determined to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still desperate to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still desperate to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still depressed.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still depressed.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still dependable.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still dependable.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still curious.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still curious.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still confused.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still confused.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still competitive.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still competitive.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still cold.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still cold.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still busy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still busy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still baffled.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still baffled.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still awake.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still awake.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still asleep.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still asleep.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still angry.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still angry.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still alone.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still alone.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still alive.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still alive.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still afraid.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are still afraid.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are smiling now.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are smiling now.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are sleepy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are sleeping.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are sleeping.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are skeptical.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are skeptical.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are sick.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are sick.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are serious.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are serious.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are scared.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are scared.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are satisfied.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are satisfied.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are safe.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are safe.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are right.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are right.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are responsible for what happened.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are responsible for what happened.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are reliable.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are reliable.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really waiting for us.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really waiting for us.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really vegetarians.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really vegetarians.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really tired.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really tired.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really telling the truth.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really telling the truth.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really supposed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really supposed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really supposed to be doing that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really supposed to be doing that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really studying French.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really studying French.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really strong enough to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really strong enough to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really sleepy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really sleepy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really sleeping.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really sleeping.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really sick.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really sick.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really serious.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really serious.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really scared.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really scared.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really satisfied.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really satisfied.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really reliable.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really reliable.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really prepared to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really prepared to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really married.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really married.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really interested.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really interested.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really in Boston.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really in Boston.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really homesick.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really homesick.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really having fun.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really having fun.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really happy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really happy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really happy here.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really happy here.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really guilty.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really guilty.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really going to do that today.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really going to do that today.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really going to Boston next week.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really going to Boston next week.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really finished.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really finished.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really feeling OK.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really feeling OK.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really drunk.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really drunk.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really doing that now.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really doing that now.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really dependable.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really dependable.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really busy now.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really busy now.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really at home.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really at home.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really asleep.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really asleep.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really angry.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really angry.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really all right.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really all right.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really able to understand French.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really able to understand French.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are prepared to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are prepared to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are picky eaters.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are picky eaters.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are outside.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are outside.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are OK.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are OK.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are nervous.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are nervous.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are mistaken.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are mistaken.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are married.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are married.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are mad.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are mad.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are lonely.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are lonely.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are likely to be here this afternoon.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are likely to be here this afternoon.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are leaving.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are leaving.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are interested.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are interested.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are impressed.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are impressed.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are hungry.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are hungry.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are honest.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are honest.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are homesick.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are homesick.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are home.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are home.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are here.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are here.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are here today.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are here today.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are healthy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are healthy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are having fun.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are having fun.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are happy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are happy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are happy here.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are happy here.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are going to say anything about what happened.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are going to say anything about what happened.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are going to do that today.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are going to do that today.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are going to Boston next week.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are going to Boston next week.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are frightened.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are frightened.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are free this afternoon.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are free this afternoon.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are finished.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are finished.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are feeling OK.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are feeling OK.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are excited.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are excited.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are eating now.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are eating now.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are downstairs.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are downstairs.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are done.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are done.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are doing what they're not supposed to be doing.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are doing what they aren't supposed to be doing.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are doing that now.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are disappointed.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are disappointed.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are desperate enough to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are desperate enough to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are depressed.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are depressed.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are dependable.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are dependable.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are curious.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are curious.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are correct.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are correct.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are confused.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are confused.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are confident.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are confident.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are cold.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are cold.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are busy.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are busy.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are busy now.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are busy now.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are broke.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are broke.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are bored.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are bored.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are awake.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are awake.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are at home.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are at home.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are asleep.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are asleep.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are as busy as I am.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are as busy as I am.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are angry.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are angry.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are alone.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are alone.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are all right.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are all right.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are afraid.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are afraid.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are adopted.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are adopted.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are actually in Boston right now.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are actually in Boston right now.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are able to understand French.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are able to understand French.
I wonder how Tom and Mary are planning to go to Boston.
I wonder how Tom and Mary are planning on going to Boston.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they were planning to go to Boston.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they were planning on going to Boston.
I want you to find out if Tom and Mary are planning to come here by themselves.
I want you to find out if Tom and Mary are planning on coming here by themselves.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I want to know if Tom and Mary need to do that, too.
I want to know whether Tom and Mary need to do that, too.
I want to know if Tom and Mary have to do that today.
I want to know whether Tom and Mary have to do that today.
I want to know if Tom and Mary eat meat or not.
I want to know whether Tom and Mary eat meat or not.
I told Tom and Mary that they should stop telling everyone that they could speak French.
I told Tom and Mary that they should stop telling everybody that they could speak French.
I told Tom and Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed unless they lent me $30.
I told Tom and Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to buy what I needed unless they lent me thirty dollars.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were planning to that with.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were planning on doing that with.
I thought you might like to know that Tom and Mary aren't planning to come.
I thought you might like to know that Tom and Mary aren't planning on coming.
I thought Tom and Mary were planning to stay for a month.
I thought Tom and Mary were planning on staying for a month.
I thought Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to stay.
I thought Tom and Mary said they weren't planning on staying.
I thought Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary said they weren't planning on doing that.
I thought Tom and Mary said they were planning to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary said they were planning on doing that.
I thought that Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I thought that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I think Tom and Mary haven't gotten around to doing that yet.
I think Tom and Mary haven't yet gotten around to doing that.
I think Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
I think Tom and Mary haven't yet done that.
I think Tom and Mary haven't done enough yet.
I think Tom and Mary haven't yet done enough.
I think Tom and Mary have been to Boston at least one time.
I think Tom and Mary have been to Boston at least once.
I think Tom and Mary are planning to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are planning on doing that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that, too.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that as well.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that, too.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that as well.
I think Tom and Mary are about thirty.
I think Tom and Mary are about thirty years old.
I think that Tom and Mary haven't yet done that.
I think that Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
I think neither Tom nor Mary has done that.
I don't think either Tom or Mary has done that.
I plan to go to Boston whether Tom and Mary want to go with me or not.
I plan on going to Boston whether Tom and Mary want to go with me or not.
I plan to do the same thing that Tom and Mary do.
I plan on doing the same thing that Tom and Mary do.
I plan to do the same thing as Tom and Mary do.
I plan on doing the same thing as Tom and Mary do.
I plan on waiting until Tom and Mary get here.
I plan to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
I let Tom and Mary do anything they want to.
I let Tom and Mary do anything they want.
I let Tom and Mary do anything they want to do.
I know Tom and Mary say they don't like me.
I know that Tom and Mary say they don't like me.
I know Tom and Mary aren't planning to go to Boston with you.
I know Tom and Mary aren't planning on going to Boston with you.
I know Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
I know Tom and Mary are planning on being there.
I know that Tom and Mary are smarter than me.
I know that Tom and Mary are smarter than I am.
I know that Tom and Mary are planning to eat together.
I know that Tom and Mary are planning on eating together.
I know that Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't planning to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't planning on doing that.
I knew Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't quicker at doing that than me.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't quicker at doing that than I am.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't faster at doing that than me.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't faster at doing that than I am.
I hear that Tom and Mary plan to do that tomorrow.
I hear that Tom and Mary plan on doing that tomorrow.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I guess Tom and Mary aren't home.
I guess Tom and Mary aren't at home.
I don't think Tom and Mary really plan to do that this week.
I don't think Tom and Mary really plan on doing that this week.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what I'm planning to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what I'm planning on doing.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to park there.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to park there.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they aren't supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they're not supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they aren't supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they're not supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they aren't supposed to be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about alligators.
I don't think Tom and Mary know a lot about alligators.
I don't think Tom and Mary know everyone's name yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know everybody's name yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone who is able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody who is able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone who can do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody who can do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone at our school.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anybody at our school.
I don't think Tom and Mary are planning to help us.
I don't think Tom and Mary are planning on helping us.
I don't think Tom and Mary are as fast as me.
I don't think Tom and Mary are as fast as I am.
I don't think this is the first time Tom and Mary have tried to do that.
I don't think this is the first time Tom and Mary have tried doing that.
I don't plan to do that when Tom and Mary are around.
I don't plan on doing that when Tom and Mary are around.
I don't plan to do that until Tom and Mary tell me to.
I don't plan on doing that until Tom and Mary tell me to.
I don't know who Tom and Mary plan to go to the zoo with.
I don't know who Tom and Mary plan on going to the zoo with.
I don't know who Tom and Mary are planning to do that with.
I don't know who Tom and Mary are planning on doing that with.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary plan to go or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary plan on going or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary plan to do that or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary plan on doing that or not.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are planning to do that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are planning on doing that.
I don't know when Tom and Mary plan to do that.
I don't know when Tom and Mary plan to get here.
I don't know when Tom and Mary plan on doing that.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are planning on doing.
I don't know if Tom and Mary were hungry or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary were hungry or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary want to go with you or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary want to go with you or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary want to do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary want to do that or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary want do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary want do that or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary still live in Boston or not
I don't know whether Tom and Mary still live in Boston or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary still live here or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary still live here or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary speak French or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary speak French or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary plan to go or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary plan on going or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary plan to do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary plan on doing that or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary need to do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary need to do that or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary live in Boston or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary live in Boston or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary intend to do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary intend to do that or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary have to do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary have to do that or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary have bicycles or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary have bicycles or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary have a brother or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary have a brother or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary drink beer or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary drink beer or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are tired or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are tired or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are thirsty or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are thirsty or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are telling the truth or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are telling the truth or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are swimming or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are swimming or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are students or teachers.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are students or teachers.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are still alive or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are sleepy or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are safe or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are safe or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are hungry or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are hungry or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are home today.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are home today.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are having fun or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are having fun or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are happy or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are happy or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are good teachers or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are good teachers or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are good at swimming or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are good at swimming or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are good at skiing or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are good at skiing or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are good at French or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are good at French or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are good at doing that or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are good at doing that or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are good at chess or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are good at chess or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are going to do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are going to do that or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are dead or alive.
We don't know whether Tom and Mary are dead or alive.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are dead or alive.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are coming or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are coming or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are Canadians or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are Canadians or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are busy or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are busy or not.
I don't know if Tom and Mary are able do that or not.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are able do that or not.
I don't even know if Tom and Mary are still alive.
I don't even know whether Tom and Mary are still alive.
I didn't let Tom and Mary do what they wanted.
I didn't let Tom and Mary do what they wanted to do.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning on doing that with.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to do that with.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were still planning to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were still planning on doing that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were planning to do that today.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were planning on doing that today.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were planning to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were planning to do that today.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that today.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were tired or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were tired or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were thirsty or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were thirsty or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were teachers or students.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were teachers or students.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were sleepy or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were sleepy or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were safe or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were safe or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were hungry or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were hungry or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were having fun or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were having fun or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were happy or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were happy or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were good at doing that or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were good at doing that or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were going to do that or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were going to do that or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were Canadians or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were Canadians or not.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary were busy or not.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary were busy or not.
I didn't ask whether Tom and Mary were planning to do that or not.
I didn't ask whether Tom and Mary were planning on doing that or not.
I didn't ask Tom and Mary who they were planning to go to Boston with.
I didn't ask Tom and Mary who they were planning on going to Boston with.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are really planning to do that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are really planning on doing that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are gone.
I can't believe that Tom and Mary are gone.
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't planning to go to Boston with us.
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't planning on going to Boston with us.
I asked Tom and Mary when they were planning to go to Boston.
I asked Tom and Mary when they were planning on going to Boston.
I asked Tom and Mary what time they were planning on leaving.
I asked Tom and Mary what time they were planning to leave.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anyone who taught swimming.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anybody who taught swimming.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anyone who taught French.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anybody who taught French.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anyone who could teach my children French.
I asked Tom and Mary if they knew anybody who could teach my children French.
How many times do Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
How many times do Tom and Mary plan to do that?
How many kids do Tom and Mary have?
How do Tom and Mary plan to pay for this?
How do Tom and Mary plan on paying for this?
How do Tom and Mary plan to pay for that?
How do Tom and Mary plan on paying for that?
How do Tom and Mary plan to help?
How do Tom and Mary plan on helping?
How do Tom and Mary plan to help us?
How do Tom and Mary plan on helping us?
How do Tom and Mary plan to do that?
How do Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
Has anyone asked Tom and Mary why they did that?
Has anybody asked Tom and Mary why they did that?
Everyone knows who Tom and Mary are.
Everybody knows who Tom and Mary are.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary are lying.
Everybody knows Tom and Mary are lying.
Everyone knew Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Everybody knew Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Everyone in town knows who Tom and Mary are.
Everybody in town knows who Tom and Mary are.
Everyone here but Tom and Mary has done that.
Everyone here except Tom and Mary has done that.
Everybody here except Tom and Mary has done that.
Everybody here but Tom and Mary has done that.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to do that.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to do that.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to do that.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to do that.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to do that.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to do that.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to do that.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to do that.
Everyone except Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
Everyone but Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everyone but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to go to Boston.
Everyone but Tom and Mary are planning on going camping this weekend.
Everybody but Tom and Mary are planning on going camping this weekend.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to stay in Boston.
Everybody except Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to stay in Boston.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't need to go to Boston.
Everybody but Tom and Mary knew that they didn't have to go to Boston.
Even if Tom and Mary had wanted to do that, they wouldn't have.
Even if Tom and Mary had wanted to, they wouldn't have done that.
Don't tell anyone where Tom and Mary are.
Don't tell anybody where Tom and Mary are.
Does anyone know why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Does anybody know why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Does anyone know why Tom and Mary aren't here yet?
Does anybody know why Tom and Mary aren't here yet?
Do you want to know when Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Do you want to know when Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary will like the gifts I bought for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary will like the gifts I bought them?
Do you think Tom and Mary will like the gift I bought for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary will like the gift I bought them?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still planning to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still planning on doing that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are planning to do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are planning on doing that?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary were here last?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary were last here?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary said they were planning to do that?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary said they were planning on doing that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are better than me?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are better than I am?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Do you know if Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
Do you know whether or not Tom and Mary plan to help us tomorrow?
Do you know whether or not Tom and Mary plan on helping us tomorrow?
Do you know when Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Do you know when Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
Do you know if Tom and Mary plan to do that?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary plan on doing that?
Do you know if Tom and Mary have done that or not?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary have done that or not?
Do you know if Tom and Mary have done that already?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary have done that already?
Do you know if Tom and Mary have already eaten?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary have already eaten?
Do you know if Tom and Mary are permitted to do that?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary are permitted to do that?
Do you know if Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Do you know if Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Do you know if Tom and Mary are allowed to do that?
Do you know whether Tom and Mary are allowed to do that?
Do you have any idea when Tom and Mary are planning to get here?
Do you have any idea when Tom and Mary are planning on getting here?
Do Tom and Mary still plan to do that with John?
Do Tom and Mary still plan on doing that with John?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were still planning to do that?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were still planning on doing that?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were planning to do that?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were planning on doing that?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary weren't planning to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary weren't planning on doing that?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were planning to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary aren't planning to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary aren't planning on doing that?
Did you tell Tom and Mary they're not allowed in this room?
Did you tell Tom and Mary they aren't allowed in this room?
Did you know Tom and Mary were still planning to do that?
Did you know Tom and Mary were still planning on doing that?
Did you know Tom and Mary were planning to do that?
Did you know Tom and Mary were planning on doing that?
Did you know that Tom and Mary were planning to do that?
Did you know that Tom and Mary were planning on doing that?
Did you know Tom and Mary were planning to do that tomorrow?
Did you know Tom and Mary were planning on doing that tomorrow?
Did you know that Tom and Mary weren't planning to do that?
Did you know that Tom and Mary weren't planning on doing that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it would be hard to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it would be difficult to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they planned to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they planned on doing that?
Did Tom and Mary happen to tell you how they plan on doing that?
Did Tom and Mary happen to tell you how they plan to do that?
Could someone tell me why Tom and Mary are angry?
Could somebody tell me why Tom and Mary are angry?
Can you believe Tom and Mary are still only thirteen?
Can you believe Tom and Mary are still just thirteen?
Can someone tell me why Tom and Mary are angry?
Can somebody tell me why Tom and Mary are angry?
Can anyone tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Can anybody tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Both Tom and Mary worked part-time to put themselves through school.
Tom and Mary both worked part-time to put themselves through school.
Both Tom and Mary told me that they had a dream about John last night.
Tom and Mary both told me that they had a dream about John last night.
Ask Tom and Mary why they need the rope.
Ask Tom and Mary what they need the rope for.
Are you sure Tom and Mary said they were planning to do that tomorrow?
Are you sure Tom and Mary said they were planning on doing that tomorrow?
Are you planning to tell Tom and Mary why you wanted them to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom and Mary why you wanted them to do that?
Are you planning to tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Are you planning on telling Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Are Tom and Mary your kids?
Are Tom and Mary your children?
Are Tom and Mary planning to stay at home all day by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary planning on staying at home all day by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary planning to eat lunch with us?
Are Tom and Mary planning on eating lunch with us?
Are Tom and Mary planning to do that?
Are Tom and Mary planning on doing that?
Are Tom and Mary planning to do that today?
Are Tom and Mary planning on doing that today?
Are Tom and Mary planning to do that by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary planning on doing that by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary planning to do that anytime soon?
Are Tom and Mary planning on doing that anytime soon?
"Are Tom and Mary well?" "No, they're not."
"Are Tom and Mary well?" "No, they aren't."
Tom and Mary always wanted to be doctors, but their grades at school weren't quite good enough to get them into medical school.
Since Tom and Mary don't understand French, we speak French when we don't want them to understand what we're talking about.
If Tom and Mary had been able to speak French better, they would've been able to tell everybody how they really felt.
Tom and Mary asked John a few questions that he couldn't answer, but he was able to answer most of their questions.
If Tom and Mary would learn to be a little more positive about things, people would probably like them a bit more.
I think Tom and Mary may be able to buy the kind of shoes they're looking for at the sports store on Park Street.
I tried to persuade Tom and Mary to come to Boston with us, but they said they had other things they had to do.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think it was a good idea for him to go jogging in the park by himself.
Tom and Mary said nothing would make them happier than to spend the summer in Boston with their grandparents.
The bar where Tom and Mary work lost its license because they had been selling alcoholic drinks to minors.
Tom and Mary wondered how many times they'd have to tell John to clean his room before he finally did it.
Tom and Mary didn't know what language John's friends were speaking, but they thought it might be French.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought John was in Boston, but they said that they thought he was in Chicago.
Tom and Mary would've liked to attend John's party. Unfortunately, they had other things they had to do.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would be at school last Monday, so they were surprised when they saw him.
Tom and Mary wanted to show John how to do that, so next time he could do it and they wouldn't have to.
Tom and Mary didn't have their phones with them, so they couldn't call John to tell him they'd be late.
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary that they can't come with us, or are you going to make me tell them?
The bartender walked over to where Tom and Mary were sitting and asked them what they wanted to drink.
Most people who hear Tom and Mary speaking French would never guess that they weren't native speakers.
I wanted Tom and Mary to stay in Boston for a few days, but they said they had to get back to Chicago.
Tom and Mary weren't able to be here to meet you themselves, so they asked me to come in their place.
Tom and Mary said they thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell John about what had happened.
Tom and Mary got some money from John and went to the supermarket to buy what he wanted them to buy.
I think Tom and Mary might recognize John, even though it's been a long time since they've seen him.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that they need to be more careful the next time they do that.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that they have to be more careful the next time they do that.
Tom and Mary were smart enough not to tell John what they really thought about their new hairstyle.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to know if you're planning on going to Boston with them next weekend.
Tom and Mary said they thought that it would be a big mistake to tell John about what had happened.
Tom and Mary needed to store their stuff somewhere, so I told them they could put it in our garage.
I wanted to show Tom and Mary how to do that, so next time they could do it and I wouldn't have to.
Tom and Mary wanted to give you a surprise party, but I knew you'd hate it, so I told them not to.
Sooner or later, someone's going to have to tell Tom and Mary that they need to behave themselves.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary not to waste their time trying to convince John to do that.
We were worried that Tom and Mary might not make friends in Boston, but they seem to be doing OK.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that the day before yesterday, but they didn't have time.
Tom and Mary don't like John. However, he doesn't particularly care whether they like him or not.
When Tom and Mary come to Boston, they usually stay at a hotel, but sometimes they stay with us.
Tom and Mary told John that they were in Boston last weekend, but they were actually in Chicago.
Tom and Mary have some things they have to do tomorrow morning before they can leave for Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't know where John was going, but they had a good idea where he might be going.
Tom and Mary are looking for someone to help them translate a document from French into English.
I think the reason Tom and Mary are so good at French is that they watch a lot of French movies.
Tom and Mary wanted to stay in Boston for a few more days, but they had to get back to Chicago.
Tom and Mary want John to know that if he ever needs help, all he has to do is ask them for it.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think they'd be able to move the sofa without his help.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would be dangerous for John to walk home by himself at night.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary not to waste their time trying to convince John to do that.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Tom and Mary told me that John was the one who stole their bicycles, but I don't believe them.
Tom and Mary suggested that since John didn't want to go, they should just stay home with him.
Tom and Mary started to sit where they usually sit, but John asked them to sit somewhere else.
Tom and Mary let John sing with their band sometimes, even though he's not a very good singer.
Tom and Mary didn't know they didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom and Mary think that if they'd done that earlier, they could've avoided a lot of problems.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John thought it would be a good idea to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it wouldn't be safe for John to walk home by himself at night.
I think Tom and Mary understand that if they want my help, all they need to do is ask for it.
I don't know what else Tom and Mary told you, but I do know they don't always tell the truth.
Eventually, someone's going to have to tell Tom and Mary that they need to behave themselves.
As it turned out, Tom and Mary were able to do what they thought they wouldn't be able to do.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't be allowed to do that until they're eighteen years old.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd pay back all the money that they'd borrowed from him.
Tom and Mary managed to escape from the room where their kidnappers had kept them locked up.
Tom and Mary have been told to do that more than three times and they still haven't done it.
Tom and Mary don't have many clothes. That's why you always see them wearing the same thing.
Tom and Mary did what John asked them to do, but they didn't do what Alice asked them to do.
Tom and Mary claim they don't watch much TV, but they watch more than three hours every day.
If you could tell me when Tom and Mary will arrive, I'll go to the station and pick them up.
I may not know a lot, but I do know that Tom and Mary don't know what they're talking about.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have been able to get their homework done if John hadn't helped them.
Tom and Mary wanted to tell John where they hid the gold coins, but Alice told them not to.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be the only ones who knew what John wanted to do.
Tom and Mary realized they didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom and Mary couldn't speak French very well, so it was difficult to communicate with them.
Even though I'd been trying to avoid Tom and Mary, I ran into them in front of the library.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they need to be more careful the next time they do that.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they have to be more careful the next time they do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do it by themselves, so we need to ask someone to help them.
Tom and Mary want me to call John and make it clear that they never want to see him again.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would be dangerous for John to walk home alone at night.
Tom and Mary realized they barely had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom and Mary have changed so much that I don't think you'd recognize them if you saw them.
Tom and Mary did their best to persuade John not to tell their parents about the accident.
Tom and Mary called John to tell him that they might need his help later in the afternoon.
Tom and Mary apparently haven't yet told John that they won't be going to Boston with him.
The teacher confiscated Tom's and Mary's phones because they were caught texting in class.
I imagine that Tom and Mary will eventually figure out that John doesn't really like them.
Tom and Mary's father made them practice the piano every day for at least thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that by themselves, so we need to ask John to help them.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that by themselves, so we have to ask John to help them.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think they'd be able to do that without his help.
Tom and Mary say they're the best French speakers in our class, but I don't believe them.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't want to go sailing unless they go sailing with him.
Tom and Mary said that what they'd done was a mistake and that they wouldn't do it again.
Tom and Mary said that they won't be allowed to do that until they're eighteen years old.
Tom and Mary could've been finished doing that by now if they hadn't wasted so much time.
Tom and Mary are beginning to see why they should've paid more attention in French class.
I'll get in touch with Tom and Mary by telephone tomorrow and ask them to give us a hand.
I'll do whatever has to be done to make sure Tom and Mary do what they're supposed to do.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom and Mary will eat the sandwiches you made for them.
Do you think Tom and Mary really intend to drink that whole bottle of wine by themselves?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what needs to be done or would you rather I told them?
You should tell Tom and Mary not to waste their time trying to convince John to do that.
Tom and Mary were surprised how much John had grown since the last time they'd seen him.
Tom and Mary say that they won't be allowed to do that until they're eighteen years old.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John to try to convince Alice to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it wouldn't be safe for John to walk home alone at night.
Tom and Mary could've been finished doing that by 2:30 if they'd worked a little faster.
Tom and Mary are able to understand French fairly well, but they don't speak it so well.
Tom and Mary apparently haven't yet told John that they're not going to be at his party.
Since Tom and Mary were speaking in French, I couldn't understand what they were saying.
I expect that Tom and Mary will wait until John gets there before they start doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary will get the jobs, because they don't have enough experience.
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they need to do or would you rather I told them?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they have to do or would you rather I told them?
We waited for Tom and Mary at the library for thirty minutes, but they never showed up.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have asked you for help if they could've done that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to drop in on some old friends while they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they regret not studying French harder when they were in high school.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when they were supposed to meet John at the airport.
Tom and Mary realized they barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom and Mary asked John to tell them about the house he'd lived in when he was a child.
Tom and Mary asked John many times to let them go home early, but he wouldn't let them.
The last time I spoke to Tom and Mary, they said they weren't planning to go to Boston.
On their way back home, Tom and Mary suggested that they stop and get something to eat.
I think Tom and Mary could save themselves a lot of time by just doing that themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much time it'll take for them to paint their house.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that?
Tom and Mary would've done that by themselves if John hadn't volunteered to help them.
Tom and Mary told me to tell you that they appreciate everything you've done for them.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be quicker at doing that than Alice.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think they'd be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John that they'd go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't forgotten to buy birthday presents for John.
Tom and Mary realized John wouldn't likely be able to do that if they didn't help him.
Tom and Mary knew they barely had enough time to do everything that needed to be done.
Tom and Mary have been so busy lately they don't know whether they're coming or going.
Tom and Mary couldn't get any work done because their children kept interrupting them.
Tom and Mary bought a new camera for John to replace the one they'd borrowed and lost.
The flight attendant shook Tom and Mary awake and told them that the plane had landed.
If Tom and Mary spoke a little slower, people would be able to understand them better.
I should tell Tom and Mary not to waste their time trying to convince John to do that.
I knew that Tom and Mary were guitarists, but I'd never heard them play until tonight.
I can't let Tom and Mary leave without telling them how much I appreciated their help.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that by themselves, did you?
When were you planning on telling Tom and Mary that they have to work late on Monday?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have asked you for help if they could've done it by themselves.
Tom and Mary wanted to impress their friends, but they just made fools of themselves.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't interested in discussing their problems with him.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice would be the next one to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they could speak French even though they really couldn't.
Tom and Mary spend a lot of time on their phones, texting and emailing their friends.
Tom and Mary say they wanted to do that last week, but didn't have the time to do it.
Tom and Mary said they'd be here three hours ago, but they still haven't gotten here.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't have done that if they'd thought it wasn't necessary.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't parked their cars in front of John's house.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to know whether you plan to come to their party or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know that eventually John was going to want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to move to Boston because that's where John lives.
Tom and Mary said John knew he might be permitted to do that if they did it with him.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd meet him last night, but they never showed up.
Tom and Mary live in a small apartment with their parents and three younger brothers.
Tom and Mary just couldn't stop themselves from eating the whole bag of potato chips.
Tom and Mary have come back to Boston every summer since they graduated from college.
Tom and Mary got tired of waiting for John, so they went into the museum without him.
Tom and Mary did their best to persuade John to not say anything about what happened.
If you run into Tom and Mary, ask them when John is going to get out of the hospital.
I told Tom and Mary it would be dangerous to do that, but they still wanted to do it.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have asked you to do that if they could've done it themselves.
Tom and Mary would probably still be in Boston if they didn't have to be in Chicago.
Tom and Mary wanted John to ask Alice if she was planning to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought Tom would be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary thought they wouldn't be able to do that if they didn't have some help.
Tom and Mary speak French so well that many people think it's their native language.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for free if it didn't take longer than three hours.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't have gone to John's party even if he'd invited them.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John that they were going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't parked their car in front of John's house.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to tell you how to do that, but John told them not to.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistake they did.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to change out of their wet clothes into something dry.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be permitted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough money to buy what John wanted them to buy.
Tom and Mary said that they were planning to eat the whole watermelon by themselves.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might not be permitted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably haven't figured out yet that they'll never be able to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them where the party was going to be.
Tom and Mary continued to play their banjos even after everybody asked them to stop.
Tom and Mary began to look for jobs three months before they graduated from college.
Tom and Mary are planning to have a Christmas party at their house on Christmas Eve.
If Tom and Mary had a lot of money, they'd probably buy themselves an expensive car.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have already forgotten what I told them yesterday.
I need to hide these Christmas presents somewhere that Tom and Mary can't find them.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that they should do that as soon as possible.
You knew that Tom and Mary told everyone they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary tried to persuade their father to let them go to Boston by themselves.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be quitting their jobs and going back to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wouldn't be the next one to do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they were going to be busy all morning, but they weren't.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't want to do that unless they do that with him.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said that doing that was a mistake and that they wouldn't do it again.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might not be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably hasn't figured out yet that they'll never be able to do that.
Tom and Mary made it very clear that we were supposed to help them clean the house.
Tom and Mary knew they barely had enough time to do everything that had to be done.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't going to be able to convince John to help them.
Tom and Mary knew John didn't want to do that, but they wanted him to do it anyway.
Tom and Mary have already finished reading the books that John gave them yesterday.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when John told them they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary John Tom that they didn't think Alice had finished doing that by 2:30.
If I'd known that Tom and Mary didn't know how to do that, I'd have shown them how.
I wonder if Tom and Mary will wait until we get there before they start doing that.
You should tell Tom and Mary that John would prefer it if they'd quit calling him.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves, did you?
When were you planning to tell Tom and Mary that they have to work late on Monday?
Tom and Mary would like to do that, but unfortunately they don't have enough time.
Tom and Mary wondered whether they should really give John what they'd bought him.
Tom and Mary wanted to give John and Alice something special on their anniversary.
Tom and Mary told me they planned to visit John the next time they went to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice hadn't finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're glad you're going to stay in Boston for another few days.
Tom and Mary say they know John could do that if he would only put his mind to it.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to know when we're going to come over and help them.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might have to do that before they can go home.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who didn't feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might not be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary promised themselves they'd study French for thirty minutes every day.
Tom and Mary only take painkillers when they just can't stand the pain any longer.
Tom and Mary have been living in the woods by themselves for the last three years.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would enjoy their party, so they didn't invite him.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be surprised when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary didn't have a chance to visit John the last time they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary could've gone camping with you if you'd let them know you were going.
Tom and Mary could've been quicker at doing that than John if they'd tried harder.
Tom and Mary could save themselves a lot of trouble by just doing that themselves.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John told them they were supposed to do.
I told Tom and Mary that I didn't think I'd be able to do that without their help.
I think Tom and Mary wouldn't be forgiven for doing that if they weren't so young.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't want to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't need to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't have to do that.
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that?
We don't know where Tom and Mary are, but we need to find them as soon as we can.
Tom's and Mary's phone was confiscated because they were caught texting in class.
Tom and Mary would've done that correctly the first time if you'd shown them how.
Tom and Mary would've done that correctly the first time if John had helped them.
Tom and Mary wondered how many minutes it would take them to run to the bus stop.
Tom and Mary were through doing that by the time John offered to help them do it.
Tom and Mary wanted John to buy them some stamps while he was at the post office.
Tom and Mary tried to sell me their old car, but I told them I wasn't interested.
Tom and Mary tried to lift the box by themselves, but they weren't strong enough.
Tom and Mary tried their best to move the table by themselves, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was the first one to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary shared the food that their mother had given them with their friends.
Tom and Mary seemed to understand why John didn't want to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary say they think it'll be impossible to do that without a lot of help.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John to show Alice how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be the only ones who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be permitted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably haven't figured out yet that they won't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary looked over their shoulders to see if John was still following them.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't likely be able to convince John to help them.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't going to be able to convince John to do that.
Tom and Mary held out their empty glasses and John filled them with orange juice.
Tom and Mary have way too much common sense to do what John is asking them to do.
Tom and Mary have already memorized the poem their teacher told them to memorize.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they didn't want him to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary didn't seem very surprised when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when John told them he didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when John told them he didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when John told them he didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't go to Boston with us because they didn't have enough money.
Tom and Mary asked me to do them a favor. However, I couldn't do what they asked.
Tom and Mary aren't the kind of people who would do what you're accusing them of.
I'm sure it would mean a lot to Tom and Mary if you'd visit them in the hospital.
I'm sure Tom and Mary wouldn't have come this early if John hadn't asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as good at doing that as you think they are.
I suppose since Tom and Mary don't have any money, they won't be able to do that.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that they should do that as soon as possible.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom and Mary to go skin diving by themselves.
I didn't know whether Tom and Mary would be able to do that by themselves or not.
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what happened or would you rather I told them?
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that you can't do that without their help.
You knew that Tom and Mary told everyone they were going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that by themselves, did you?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they ought to do that?
Tom and Mary wished that John hadn't overheard Alice and them talking about him.
Tom and Mary used the money they stole from John to buy themselves new bicycles.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wouldn't be reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice would be the next one to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was the last one to do that.
Tom and Mary speak French only just a little bit better than they speak English.
Tom and Mary shouted John's name as loud as they could, but he didn't hear them.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John that they can't do that without his help.
Tom and Mary said they're glad you were able to do that when you were in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they would've done that if they'd known they were supposed to.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John that they forgot to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to make sure John knew what he was supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be permitted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be sleeping by the time they got home.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be able to help them do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they really wanted to be here, but they had to stay in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really had to do that yesterday morning.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really enjoys playing tennis with Alice.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John wanted them to meet him in the park.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was going to have to do that on his own.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was going to have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was going to eventually want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to go to Boston, but they didn't tell us why.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might be permitted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary realized they wouldn't likely be able to do that without some help.
Tom and Mary realized they didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary probably hasn't figured out yet that they won't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary may have been at the party last night, but I didn't see them there.
Tom and Mary have never been to Boston before, so I offered to show them around.
Tom and Mary don't know who they should ask to help them figure out their taxes.
Tom and Mary don't eat anything except the vegetables that they grow themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them John didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them John didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them John didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom and Mary didn't know how to do that, but they were willing to give it a try.
Tom and Mary didn't have the courage to refuse to do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary decided that they were going to study French for three hours a day.
Tom and Mary can meet you at the airport if you let them know your arrival time.
Many people who hear Tom and Mary speaking French think they're native speakers.
If Tom and Mary had been speaking French, I'd have been able to understand them.
If Tom and Mary had asked for my advice, I would've advised them not to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary wouldn't be confused if you'd explained it to them better.
I wonder what we should do if Tom and Mary don't do what we've asked them to do.
You knew that Tom and Mary told John they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
When would Tom and Mary like me to come over and help them with their homework?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they need to do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they have to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have asked you to do that if they didn't think you could.
Tom and Mary would like to do that, but unfortunately they don't have the time.
Tom and Mary were in Boston last week, but I don't know if they're still there.
Tom and Mary were glad they didn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary showed up at the party by themselves, just like I knew they would.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary should at least tell John that they don't want to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them where the party was going to be.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John was going to have to do that on his own.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John was going to have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to find a place to live close to where they work.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that if they had some help.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were the only ones who knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be the only ones who want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be the only ones who need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be the only ones who have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was probably not having any fun doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John's reasons for not doing that were.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was going to have to do that next week.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't really planning to go camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said that they were very certain that John didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very certain that John didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very certain that John didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary realized they barely had enough time to do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary realized they barely had enough time to do what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary realized they barely had enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary paid for their lunches with the money their mother had given them.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't need to do what John told them needed to be done.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be able to do what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to care that John didn't do what they asked him to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't find jobs they liked in Boston, so they moved to Chicago.
Tom and Mary couldn't find anybody to go with them, so they went by themselves.
Tom and Mary could save themselves a lot of time by just doing that themselves.
Tom and Mary asked me to tell you they didn't plan on going to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary aren't really planning on eating all that by themselves, are they?
Tom and Mary apparently hasn't yet told John that they're not going to do that.
I went to the hospital to visit Tom and Mary, but I wasn't allowed to see them.
I thought you said you wanted to tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and Mary to go skin diving by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are probably better at doing that than you think they are.
I knew Tom and Mary would have to stay in Boston longer than they'd planned to.
I have no reason to believe that Tom and Mary won't do what I asked them to do.
Even though Tom and Mary knew they shouldn't, they went swimming by themselves.
You should tell Tom and Mary that John wants them to teach him how to do that.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that you want them to help John do that.
You should at least tell Tom and Mary that they don't need to do that anymore.
You should at least tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to do that anymore.
You knew Tom and Mary told everyone they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't think Tom and Mary would be able to do that by themselves, did you?
Why don't you just tell Tom and Mary you don't want to go to Boston with them?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they should do that?
Weren't you the one who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they had to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have known how to do that if John hadn't shown them how.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if they'd known it would make John angry.
Tom and Mary would've done that correctly the first time if you'd helped them.
Tom and Mary would be here doing that now if they didn't have to be in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't the last one to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice hadn't been tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think they'd be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think they'd be able to do that again.
Tom and Mary thought they were finished, but John told them that they weren't.
Tom and Mary thought it over and decided not to do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when John told them they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when John told them they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John could do that if he'd only put his mind to it.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John actually did his homework by himself.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John was going to have to do that next week.
Tom and Mary say it makes no difference to them whether John does that or not.
Tom and Mary said they would've done that if they'd known John wanted them to.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be the only ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be asleep by the time they got home.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be able to do that without any help.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was probably having a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was planning on going to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really needed to do that this morning.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really knows how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who didn't enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they don't think they could ever do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John wants them to go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they're supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom and Mary like to wear black because they think it makes them look thinner.
Tom and Mary knew that John wouldn't be able to do that as well as they could.
Tom and Mary have finally realized that they've been doing that the wrong way.
Tom and Mary forgot to ask John the question that Alice had asked them to ask.
Tom and Mary drank a lot at the party and ended up making fools of themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when John told them they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether John wanted to go to Boston with them or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were the ones who were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have the time to do everything that John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary decided to use John's computer even though he'd told them not to.
The police didn't think it was likely that Tom and Mary had killed themselves.
I've never met Tom and Mary, but I've spoken to them on the phone a few times.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be able to persuade John to go to Boston with them.
I wonder whether we forgot to tell Tom and Mary they were supposed to do that.
I told Tom and Mary they should tell John they didn't want to see him anymore.
I told Tom and Mary that I wanted to go to Boston, but I didn't tell them why.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be in Boston. What're they doing here?
I think Tom and Mary will eventually give up and ask John to do that for them.
I sent the package to Tom and Mary yesterday, so they should get it by Monday.
I knew Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but I wanted them to do it anyway.
I didn't know what to do when Tom and Mary said they wouldn't help me do that.
Even though Tom and Mary are very old, they can still take care of themselves.
Do you want me to tell Tom and Mary that we won't do that unless they help us?
Do Tom and Mary still think they're the only ones here who can't speak French?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they thought they'd be able do that by themselves?
You told Tom and Mary I thought they wouldn't be able to do that, didn't you?
You should tell Tom and Mary that John wants them to show him how to do that.
You didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves, did you?
You could at least tell Tom and Mary that they don't need to do that anymore.
You could at least tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to do that anymore.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that?
Tom and Mary would've done that right the first time if John had helped them.
Tom and Mary would've done that by now if they were really planning to do it.
Tom and Mary wondered if John could be persuaded teach their children French.
Tom and Mary were afraid that people were going to say bad things about them.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be the next one to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary should've gone to Boston last week with John, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about not doing what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary say they need time to think about what they're going to do next.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John wants them to meet him in the park.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom and Mary sat next to their father and watched the football game with him.
Tom and Mary said they would've done that if they'd thought it was necessary.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John to tell Alice to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were the only ones who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd have enough time to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could help you move the piano today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really needed to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know that eventually John was going to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who didn't like doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said that isn't the only reason why they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told him they had to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary realized they didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom and Mary now know why they should've paid more attention in French class.
Tom and Mary never told you because they didn't want you to worry about them.
Tom and Mary looked around for something they could use to defend themselves.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary have done everything we've asked them to do without complaining.
Tom and Mary had something important to say, but John kept interrupting them.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them I didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them I didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them I didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know how to do that, so they asked John to show them how.
Tom and Mary didn't have the courage to tell John that they'd made a mistake.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough time to do everything that they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary did that this morning so they wouldn't have to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary came into the room, took off their hats and coats, and sat down.
Tom and Mary asked me if I could stay and help them clean up after the party.
Tom and Mary are going to be very late if they do that before they come here.
Should I tell Tom and Mary that we don't want to do that unless they help us?
It would mean a lot to Tom and Mary if you helped them learn a little French.
It was lucky I was able to speak to Tom and Mary before they left for Boston.
If Tom and Mary had understood French, they would've known what was going on.
I wonder whether I forgot to tell Tom and Mary they were supposed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary would likely do that for you if you asked them politely.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as good at French as you think they are.
I think I should tell Tom and Mary that we won't do that unless they help us.
Apparently, Tom and Mary had a lot on their minds, so I just left them alone.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary who'll be meeting them at the station.
You seemed surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't want to do that.
You seemed surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't need to do that.
You seemed surprised when Tom and Mary told you they didn't have to do that.
You knew that Tom and Mary told John they were going to do that, didn't you?
You knew that Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't do that, didn't you?
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they wanted to do that.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they needed to do that.
We have to figure out a way to make Tom and Mary do what we want them to do.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they don't have to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have passed the test if John hadn't helped them study.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have gotten hurt if they'd been a little more careful.
Tom and Mary would've done it correctly the first time if you'd helped them.
Tom and Mary would've apologized to John if they'd thought it was important.
Tom and Mary were a little worried about what might happen if they did that.
Tom and Mary wanted to buy motorcycles, but their parents wouldn't let them.
Tom and Mary tried to convince John not to do that, but they were unable to.
Tom and Mary told me they first met John in Boston when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John didn't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was the first one to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was finished doing that.
Tom and Mary think that if they hadn't done that, John would still be alive.
Tom and Mary seemed very surprised when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when John told them he didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when John told them he didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when John told them he didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't tried to convince John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't suggested to John that he do that.
Tom and Mary said they were wondering whether John wanted to do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they were wondering whether John needed to do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to find an apartment close to where they work.
Tom and Mary said they want to be able to speak French like native speakers.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't enjoy doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to do that before Alice got here.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be required to do that right away.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be required to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really enjoys doing that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they've been wanting to visit Boston for a long time.
Tom and Mary said that they're pretty sure that John has seen Alice do that.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might not need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might not have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary realized they barely had enough time to do what they had to do.
Tom and Mary realized they barely had enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom and Mary probably don't yet know they'll never be able to do that again.
Tom and Mary probably don't have enough time to do that before they go home.
Tom and Mary must be good teachers. All of their students seem to like them.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their rooms and refused to talk to anyone.
Tom and Mary know that they have to do something, but they're not sure what.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary heard a noise behind them and turned around to see what it was.
Tom and Mary have no intention of doing what John told them they have to do.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they can do that, but they'll give it a try.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they planned on waiting until Monday to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when John told them he wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when John told them he needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to do that before they got here.
Tom and Mary couldn't come here today because they had something else to do.
Tom and Mary asked me to tell you they didn't plan to go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary asked John to take off his shoes before he entered their house.
Tom and Mary aren't really planning to eat all that by themselves, are they?
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to finish doing what they asked him to do.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to finish doing what they asked her to do.
Tom and Mary are quite determined to finish the report by 2:30, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are going to get themselves killed if they're not more careful.
If Tom and Mary had asked for my advice, I would've advised them to do that.
I'm going over to Tom and Mary's house now to tell them about what happened.
I'd really like to know why Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them to do.
I told Tom and Mary I wasn't interested in discussing my problems with them.
I think Tom and Mary would be able to do that if they put their minds to it.
I think Tom and Mary could accomplish just about anything they decide to do.
I should've known Tom and Mary would do something we didn't want them to do.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that I can't do that without their help.
I really think it would be better to let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
I plan to get a hold of Tom and Mary by phone tomorrow and ask them to help.
I hope that Tom and Mary stick around for a while. I'd like to talk to them.
I have to speak to Tom and Mary in French. It's the only language they know.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be able to do what you're asking them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time today to do everything they need to do.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why I didn't want John to go to Boston with them.
I didn't know if Tom and Mary would be able to do that by themselves or not.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were thinking about killing themselves.
How much time do you think it'll take Tom and Mary to finish their homework?
Have Tom and Mary told John that they don't really know how to speak French?
Do Tom and Mary still think they're the only ones here who can speak French?
Do Tom and Mary really think they're the only one here who can speak French?
Do Tom and Mary know why John didn't eat the ham sandwich they made for him?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think it was a good idea for us to do that?
You were always good at getting Tom and Mary to do what you wanted them to.
You knew Tom and Mary told everyone they were going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't think Tom and Mary would want to do that by themselves, did you?
Would you like to know why Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they'd do?
Tom and Mary would be finished doing that by now if they'd started earlier.
Tom and Mary wondered why John didn't want to eat what they'd made for him.
Tom and Mary wondered whether they should let John go to Boston with Alice.
Tom and Mary won't likely admit that they don't really know how to do that.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't promised John they'd go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they'll never do anything to hurt him.
Tom and Mary were mad at me because I wouldn't do what they asked me to do.
Tom and Mary were happy that they could meet people from various countries.
Tom and Mary were convinced that they'd be happier if they moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary went on doing that even though we asked them to stop doing it.
Tom and Mary wanted John's phone number, but he refused to give it to them.
Tom and Mary want to know what to do with all the stuff you left with them.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't recognize John the last time they saw him.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought I might be interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told John they were interested in buying one of his paintings.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was the last one to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice had been tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was through doing that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they want him to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John that they don't want him to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't go to Boston unless they go with him.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't do that unless they do that with him.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John about what they'd done.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be required to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought it wasn't the first time John had done that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was planning to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be required to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be permitted to do that at home.
Tom and Mary said they had a very urgent matter to discuss with their boss.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really had to do that this morning.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really did what Alice said he did.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John's reasons for doing that were.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John could do that without some help.
Tom and Mary said that was the first time they'd ever seen John doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who felt like doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was still living with his parents.
Tom and Mary said that they had stomachaches after eating what John cooked.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me how much they paid for their new computers.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to cope with the problem by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably thought I was going to Boston with them next weekend.
Tom and Mary probably don't yet know how much time they'll have to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they're not supposed to help John do that.
Tom and Mary pretended not to understand what John was trying to tell them.
Tom and Mary knew they barely had enough time to do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary knew they barely had enough time to do what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary knew they barely had enough time to do what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary knew that if they needed anything, John would buy it for them.
Tom and Mary haven't been back to Boston since they graduated from college.
Tom and Mary have lied to me too many times, so I don't trust them anymore.
Tom and Mary have finished reading the books that John gave them yesterday.
Tom and Mary don't seem to have decided yet whether they'll do that or not.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they can do that, but they say they'll try.
Tom and Mary didn't want John to know that they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they didn't know what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when John told them they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't know how to do that, so they asked me to show them how.
Tom and Mary didn't feel they should do what the other children were doing.
Tom and Mary did that yesterday, so they wouldn't have to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary couldn't find decent jobs in Boston, so they moved to Chicago.
Tom and Mary convinced the teacher to let them hand in their homework late.
Tom and Mary can take the bus to the station. You don't need to drive them.
Tom and Mary begged John not to tell their parents about what had happened.
Tom and Mary asked John to lend them some money so they could go to Boston.
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to finish doing what they asked you to do.
Tom and Mary are probably a lot busier now than they were three months ago.
Tom and Mary are likely going to spend the rest of their lives behind bars.
Tom and Mary are likely going to go to Boston during their summer vacation.
Tom and Mary always seems worried about what other people think about them.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John told them they needed to do.
The only reason Tom and Mary came to Boston was because John asked them to.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're supposed to be here tomorrow by 2:30.
If you show Tom and Mary how to do that, I'm sure they'll be able to do it.
I've been calling Tom and Mary all morning, but I can't get a hold of them.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary will really be able to do that by themselves.
I wasn't surprised when Tom and Mary told me they weren't going to do that.
I told Tom and Mary they should consider taking the jobs John offered them.
I think Tom and Mary are probably better at French than you think they are.
I should've told Tom and Mary that I didn't want to go to Boston with them.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary who was going to pick them up at the airport.
I expected Tom and Mary to get home on Monday, but they're still in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be bored if you told them about your trip.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would enjoy our party, so I didn't invite them.
Even though Tom and Mary are quite old, they can still do that fairly well.
All we can do now is hope that Tom and Mary do what they've promised to do.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they should do that as soon as possible.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that you don't want them to do that.
You knew that Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary told John they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You have to tell Tom and Mary that you won't be going to Boston with them.
Why did you ask Tom and Mary to do that when you knew they couldn't do it?
We went to Tom and Mary's house to talk to them, but they weren't at home.
Tom and Mary's teacher said that they need to pay more attention in class.
Tom and Mary would be through doing that by now if they'd started earlier.
Tom and Mary wondered whether they should let John go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary won't likely forget to tell John they need him to help Alice.
Tom and Mary were able to do that better than I thought they'd be able to.
Tom and Mary wanted to take a picture of John, but he didn't want them to.
Tom and Mary wanted to help, but John told them he didn't need their help.
Tom and Mary told me that you told them that I wouldn't go to their party.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had studied French with Alice.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't interested in helping him do anything.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to show him some old pictures.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he shouldn't go there by himself.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't finished doing that.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be permitted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary studied French after dinner while their mother washed dishes.
Tom and Mary spent all the money they had to buy John a Christmas present.
Tom and Mary say they'll pay back all the money they owe me before Monday.
Tom and Mary say they don't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that every day after they retired.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to know why you're not working here anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to find apartments close to where they work.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do something special for John's birthday.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to help them paint their garage tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were the only ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be allowed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought there was a chance that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they still had some unfinished business to take care of.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really likes doing that very much.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really had to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had studied French for very long.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really wanted to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really wanted to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't interested in going to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary said that they were very certain that John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they saw John eating at a picnic table in the park.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said John would probably not give them permission to do that.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me how much they paid for their new computer.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't say anything about what happened.
Tom and Mary probably don't know who they should ask to help them do that.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't understand what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary pretended not to see John when they passed him on the street.
Tom and Mary might possibly have studied French when they were in college.
Tom and Mary might bleed to death if we don't get them to a hospital soon.
Tom and Mary knew they wouldn't be able to do what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be able to finish the report by 2:30.
Tom and Mary just closed their eyes and tried to ignore what was going on.
Tom and Mary have been living in Boston since they graduated from college.
Tom and Mary got off the bus and waited for John to come and pick them up.
Tom and Mary didn't want John to see their paintings until they were done.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them why we should do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them why we had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were supposed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't find out they'd been adopted until they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary called John to tell him they wouldn't be home until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary became dancers even though their parents didn't want them to.
Tom and Mary asked John if he could help them with their science homework.
Tom and Mary are usually busier in the summer than they are in the winter.
Tom and Mary are likely to lie to John about where they spent the weekend.
Tom and Mary are going to buy their mothers some flowers for Mother's Day.
Tom and Mary are going to be really tired when they get home, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are a little worried about what might happen if they do that.
Tom and Mary always wanted to go to Boston, but they never had the chance.
Tell Tom and Mary that I don't know how to do what they've asked me to do.
Tell Tom and Mary I'll meet them at 2:30 in the lobby of the Hilton Hotel.
Instead of doing what they were supposed to do, Tom and Mary went fishing.
If Tom and Mary did that yesterday, they probably won't do it again today.
I'm fairly certain I heard Tom and Mary say they weren't ready to do that.
I'll tell Tom and Mary what needs to be done the next time I talk to them.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are only pretending they don't understand French.
I told Tom and Mary they should ask John to help them with their homework.
I told Tom and Mary that I wasn't interested in going to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary a lot of things that John didn't want me to tell them.
I think you should tell Tom and Mary why you won't go to Boston with them.
I think Tom and Mary would be confused if you explain it to them that way.
I think Tom and Mary should tell John that they can't really speak French.
I think Tom and Mary can't actually do that even though they say they can.
I doubt very seriously that Tom and Mary will do what you want them to do.
I don't know how Tom and Mary are going to keep their dog from doing that.
I didn't think it would be safe for Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why I didn't want them to go to Boston with me.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be able to do that by themselves.
You didn't seem surprised when Tom and Mary told you they had to do that.
Why didn't you tell Tom and Mary you couldn't do that without their help?
When I asked Tom and Mary how to do that, they said they didn't know how.
We're still waiting for Tom and Mary to do what they've been asked to do.
Tom and Mary's dog is still waiting for them just outside the front door.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me how much they paid for their new computers.
Tom and Mary would've done that by themselves if John hadn't helped them.
Tom and Mary would stay in Boston longer if their parents would let them.
Tom and Mary would never forgive themselves if anything happened to John.
Tom and Mary won't likely forget to tell John they won't be at his party.
Tom and Mary wished John had told them that he wasn't going to the party.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably be very unfriendly after what you did to them.
Tom and Mary weren't the first ones who said they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary were too busy worrying about John to worry about themselves.
Tom and Mary were planning to get married the last time I talked to them.
Tom and Mary were afraid of what might happen to them and their families.
Tom and Mary went to bed very late last night, so don't wake them up yet.
Tom and Mary wanted John to know that they really didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary want to live in Boston after they graduate from high school.
Tom and Mary walked into their apartment and closed the door behind them.
Tom and Mary used to do that quite often, but they don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary used to carry their ukuleles with them everywhere they went.
Tom and Mary tried to remember the last time they'd drunk wine with John.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was the first one to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to stay in Boston for a few more days.
Tom and Mary told John they had asked Alice to teach them how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't through doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was determined to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary think that if they hadn't done that, John wouldn't be angry.
Tom and Mary thanked John for helping them decorate their Christmas tree.
Tom and Mary talked to John about things they usually kept to themselves.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John that they know how to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when John told them they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can help you move the piano today.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe you're really considering doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John could do that without some help.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
Tom and Mary said they would've done that by themselves if they could've.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't tried to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't tried doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wished John wouldn't go out after dark by himself.
Tom and Mary said they were wondering whether John had to do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they were unable to do everything they'd planned to do.
Tom and Mary said they were planning on doing that in Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to spend the summer in Boston with them.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't enjoy camping by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be sleeping when they got home.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not want to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not need to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not need to do that until October.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not have to do that until October.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be allowed to do that at home.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be required to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really did that without any help.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to wear Tom's and Alice's old clothes.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could stop John from doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think doing that would make any difference.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John needed to tell Alice what to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when John was planning to go to Boston
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very certain that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John would be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary said that isn't the only reason they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said it's what they weren't doing that made the coach angry.
Tom and Mary said it was easier to do that than they thought it would be.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me how much their new motorcycles cost them.
Tom and Mary realized they were probably not going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary opened the window even though their mother told them not to.
Tom and Mary offered me a beer, but I told them that I didn't drink beer.
Tom and Mary made the mistake of trying to do that when they were sleepy.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their rooms and wouldn't let anyone in.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary knew what they were doing was wrong, but they did it anyway.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom and Mary knew John was looking for them, so they hid in the basement.
Tom and Mary hoped that John would be well enough to come to their party.
Tom and Mary hope they don't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom and Mary haven't told me where they're planning on staying in Boston.
Tom and Mary have some very important things they need to do before 2:30.
Tom and Mary have only been pretending that they don't understand French.
Tom and Mary have been playing the piano since they were three years old.
Tom and Mary have asked me to meet them at their office tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll be able to finish the job by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't like people to know that they can't speak French well.
Tom and Mary don't know what John wants them to buy him for his birthday.
Tom and Mary don't have any friends who are willing to help them do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they planned to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when John told them he had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know exactly what it was that John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary didn't have a chance to visit John when they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary couldn't help us today, because they were busy helping John.
Tom and Mary convinced themselves that what they were doing wasn't wrong.
Tom and Mary can't do the job by themselves. Would you mind helping them?
Tom and Mary can't be over thirty. They look like they're about eighteen.
Tom and Mary asked John to read them the letter they'd gotten from Alice.
Tom and Mary are likely to be very unfriendly after what you did to them.
Tom and Mary are having a surprise party for John tonight at their place.
Tom and Mary are going to buy their mother some flowers for Mother's Day.
Tom and Mary are going to be disappointed if you don't go to their party.
Tom and Mary are doing that because it's what they think they need to do.
Tom and Mary are doing that because it's what they think they have to do.
Tom and Mary are doing all they can to make sure it doesn't happen again.
Tom and Mary always stay at school as late as the teachers allow them to.
Tom and Mary admitted that they weren't really the first ones to do that.
The problem is that Tom and Mary didn't get to do what they wanted to do.
If Tom and Mary don't do what they're supposed to do, please let me know.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were broke, I'd have offered to buy them lunch.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have already spent a lot of the money we gave them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they were going to do.
I wonder if we forgot to tell Tom and Mary they were supposed to do that.
I wish that Tom and Mary hadn't overheard John and me talking about them.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary asked me to help them write the report.
I thought Tom and Mary were finished, but they told me that they weren't.
I think this is the first time Tom and Mary have done that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary ought to wait until at least 2:30 before they leave.
I plan to contact Tom and Mary by phone tomorrow and ask them to help us.
I offered to pick Tom and Mary up, but they wanted to come by themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary will admit that they don't know how to do that.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive Tom and Mary if they did that to me.
I don't care where Tom and Mary do that as long as they don't do it here.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary didn't need to do that until they told me.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary didn't have to do that until they told me.
You told Tom and Mary I couldn't do that without their help, didn't you?
What do you think Tom and Mary are going to do now that they're retired?
Were you the one who told Tom and Mary that they could probably do that?
We're waiting for Tom and Mary to finish doing what we asked them to do.
We wouldn't have asked Tom and Mary to come if we didn't want them here.
We still don't know why Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them to do.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that?
Tom's and Mary's parents aren't going to let them go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me how much they paid for their new computer.
Tom and Mary wouldn't ask you to do that if they didn't think you could.
Tom and Mary would've done that by themselves if John hadn't been there.
Tom and Mary would've been forgiven for doing that if they'd apologized.
Tom and Mary would like to go on the picnic, too. We should invite them.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John to teach them how to do that.
Tom and Mary wish they could speak French as well as they speak English.
Tom and Mary will probably end up in prison if they don't straighten up.
Tom and Mary will probably be able to do that if you give them a chance.
Tom and Mary will lose their jobs if they keep showing up late for work.
Tom and Mary will just have to ask John to do that for them, won't they?
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their glasses when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing baseball caps when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary weren't waiting for John where they said they'd be waiting.
Tom and Mary were willing to do that, but John said they didn't need to.
Tom and Mary were willing to do that, but John said they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary were walking so fast that John couldn't catch up with them.
Tom and Mary were supposed to meet me in the lobby, but they never came.
Tom and Mary were shocked when they learned that John had been arrested.
Tom and Mary were looking for some people to help them move their piano.
Tom and Mary were in a lot of pain when we visited them in the hospital.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to Boston, but their father wouldn't let them.
Tom and Mary wanted John to do that, but he told them he wouldn't do it.
Tom and Mary want you to do that so they don't have to do it themselves.
Tom and Mary want me to throw them a birthday party next Monday evening.
Tom and Mary used to do that frequently, but they don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary tried to help me, but I told them I didn't need their help.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't go to Boston unless I went with them.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they were going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're miserable here in Boston without John.
Tom and Mary told me that they'll be finished doing that by dinner time.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was the last one to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John might be tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me it would probably take them a long time to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they had asked Alice to teach him how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were quicker at doing that than he was.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was doing that right now.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was done doing that.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary started laughing when I told them what caused the accident.
Tom and Mary speak perfect French, but their native language is English.
Tom and Mary soon realized that no one was paying any attention to them.
Tom and Mary soon found out why none of their friends wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't have to do that today.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to like everybody and everybody seemed to like them.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them I didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them I didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them I didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would have to do that on his own.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would eventually want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary said they'll ask John if he wants them to help him do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do anything John asks them to do.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be willing to do that without some help.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John that they'd do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they could play the banjo as well as John.
Tom and Mary said they were wondering whether John would do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they were wondering whether John could do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't enjoy doing that with John.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be permitted to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be permitted to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could do that if they had some help.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be able to do that on his own.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be able to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the only one who had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was always in his office on Mondays.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not need to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not have to do that this year.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not have to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they might come to Boston next week or the week after.
Tom and Mary said they knew it wasn't the first time John had done that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be able to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really needs to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to tell John about what had happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that without our help.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really needed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John could find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember their parents ever spanking them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John didn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was going to eventually do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John couldn't speak French very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that was the first time they'd ever seen John do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they know they can't do that as well as John can.
Tom and Mary said that isn't the only reason why they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said something to John, but I couldn't hear what they said.
Tom and Mary said it took them a little while to get used to doing this.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said John thought they might have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary realized they had no idea how to do what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary realized there was no way they could do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to solve this problem by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John doesn't want them to help him.
Tom and Mary offered John thirty dollars to help them clean their house.
Tom and Mary never forgave themselves for hurting John the way they did.
Tom and Mary made the mistake of trying to do that when they were tired.
Tom and Mary look happier today than they did last week when I saw them.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their room and wouldn't let anyone in.
Tom and Mary laughed so loud that John could hear them from the kitchen.
Tom and Mary know now that they shouldn't have gone there by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have to do anything John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary knew they barely had enough time to do what they had to do.
Tom and Mary knew they barely had enough time to do what had to be done.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't do what John was asking them to do.
Tom and Mary just told me that they don't plan to take French next year.
Tom and Mary invited me to stay a couple of weeks with them next summer.
Tom and Mary have told John not to park his car in front of their house.
Tom and Mary have put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have lied to me in the past, so I don't trust them anymore.
Tom and Mary have gotten sick three times since they've moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary have finally finished doing everything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have already told John that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary found it difficult to make themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary don't think that John was the one who stole their bicycles.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them where John had gone.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them John had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them I wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them I needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John wouldn't do what they asked him to do.
Tom and Mary didn't know they weren't supposed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't know how to do that, but they tried to do it anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't change their plans, even though John wanted them to.
Tom and Mary denied that John was the one who persuaded them to do that.
Tom and Mary denied that John was the one who convinced them to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't come see us for Christmas, so we went to see them.
Tom and Mary certainly couldn't have thought up this plan by themselves.
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd be willing to help them after school today.
Tom and Mary are too busy worrying about John to worry about themselves.
Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't seem to be enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for Mary to do what they asked her to do.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John to do what they asked him to do.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they won't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get injured if they do that that way.
Tom and Mary are doing that because it's what they think they should do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John told them they had to do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they weren't really interested in doing that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to help John do that.
If Tom and Mary don't do what we've asked them to do, they'll regret it.
If Tom and Mary don't do what they're supposed to do, they'll regret it.
I'm still waiting for Tom and Mary to pay me back the money I lent them.
I'm not going to be the one who tells Tom and Mary what they need to do.
I wonder if I forgot to tell Tom and Mary they were supposed to do that.
I told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do anything they didn't want to.
I told Tom and Mary that I wasn't interested in going fishing with them.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary would do anything to get what they think they need.
I think Tom and Mary would be lonely if they went camping by themselves.
I should tell Tom and Mary that they should do that as soon as possible.
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to turn themselves in to the police.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to buy everything they need to buy.
I don't know what I can say to Tom and Mary to convince them to help us.
You warned Tom and Mary what would happen if they did that, didn't you?
You still haven't told Tom and Mary why they need to do that, have you?
You should probably tell Tom and Mary why they shouldn't be doing that.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary they don't have to do that today.
You seemed surprised when Tom and Mary told you they wanted to do that.
You seemed surprised when Tom and Mary told you they needed to do that.
You knew Tom and Mary told John they were going to do that, didn't you?
Whether you like Tom and Mary or not, you still have to work with them.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they ought to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they wouldn't be permitted to do that?
Tom and Mary would've done that themselves if they'd had more the time.
Tom and Mary would probably go to Boston with you if you asked them to.
Tom and Mary would be done doing that by now if they'd started earlier.
Tom and Mary wondered if John would tell them what they wanted to know.
Tom and Mary will hurt themselves if they're not a little more careful.
Tom and Mary weren't in a good mood when I talked to them this morning.
Tom and Mary were sitting by themselves on the porch and reading books.
Tom and Mary were reading newspapers in the lobby when I last saw them.
Tom and Mary were playing basketball this afternoon with their friends.
Tom and Mary were hoping they could go to Boston with John next summer.
Tom and Mary were certain that they'd recognize John when they saw him.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to the concert, but they didn't have tickets.
Tom and Mary wanted to do that by themselves, but I begged them not to.
Tom and Mary want to buy motorcycles, but their parents won't let them.
Tom and Mary used to tell John stories about when they lived in Boston.
Tom and Mary understood why John didn't want to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary tried to look busy, so John wouldn't ask them to help him.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to wait until October to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be finished doing that by dinner time.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought that they might be able do that.
Tom and Mary told John they'd asked Alice to teach them how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't eat the stew if it had pork in it.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't going to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to show him how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to earn a lot of money doing that.
Tom and Mary thought John was moving to Boston, but they were mistaken.
Tom and Mary started laughing when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary speak French only slightly better than they speak English.
Tom and Mary sometimes sees John on the street in front of their house.
Tom and Mary showed up in Boston three days after they said they would.
Tom and Mary should've asked John where he wanted them to park the car.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when John told them he wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when John told them he needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're tired of trying to convince John to help them.
Tom and Mary say they still don't understand why you'd want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really wants to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really wants to do that again.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would have to do that next week.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John couldn't speak French very well.
Tom and Mary say that they have to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say that they don't feel like doing that because it's hot.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to help us do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they'd ask John if he wants them to help him do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary said they wished you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't had to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wished John wouldn't do that by himself anymore.
Tom and Mary said they weren't able to do everything they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they were able to do everything they'd planned to do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do something they'd never done before.
Tom and Mary said they thought you said you didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't enjoy traveling with John.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be required to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be required to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be asleep when they got home.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be able to help them do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the best singer in their class.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his room listening to music.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might want to walk home by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to walk home by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they needed money so they could buy something to eat.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be willing to do that for them.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be able to come to their party.
Tom and Mary said they have something they wanted to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they have something they needed to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really enjoys doing that alone.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John knows how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John can stop Alice from doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to try doing that without some help.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that because it was dangerous.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John could've done that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know whether they'd have time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when they were supposed to be there.
Tom and Mary said that they've been wanting to do that for a long time.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who liked doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who hated doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very certain that John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
Tom and Mary said that they don't think doing that is worth their time.
Tom and Mary said that they don't care what other people think of them.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be dangerous.
Tom and Mary said that if they won the lottery, they'd buy a new house.
Tom and Mary replied that they thought it would be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary probably thought they were going to need to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably thought they were going to have to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John doesn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know how much time they'll need to do that.
Tom and Mary persuaded the store manager to give them back their money.
Tom and Mary meant to tell John about it, but they never saw him again.
Tom and Mary look happier today than they did the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they didn't understand French.
Tom and Mary know you didn't eat any of the cookies they baked for you.
Tom and Mary knew they might not be permitted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be able to go to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary have some very important things they need to do right now.
Tom and Mary have probably known how to do that since they were babies.
Tom and Mary have made up their minds to do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have had a long day and they're too tired to help you now.
Tom and Mary have asked John not to eat anything in their refrigerator.
Tom and Mary had to admit that they were too tired to do anything else.
Tom and Mary expect all three of us to do the same thing they're doing.
Tom and Mary don't think John would be willing to lend them his guitar.
Tom and Mary don't know how they're going to keep John from doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't want to tell John that they'd lost all their money.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me that they were the ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't take the medication their doctor told them to take.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be able to do that, so I did that for them.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them what John had done.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they'd be permitted to do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't feel they could do what John was asking them to do.
Tom and Mary did their best to persuade John to babysit their children.
Tom and Mary did everything they could to prevent John from doing that.
Tom and Mary decided not to tell their parents about what had happened.
Tom and Mary couldn't bring themselves to tell John about the accident.
Tom and Mary convinced themselves that they hadn't done anything wrong.
Tom and Mary can speak French almost as well as they can speak English.
Tom and Mary can do the job, I'm sure, but it'll take them a long time.
Tom and Mary called to let me know they wouldn't be coming to my party.
Tom and Mary called to ask if there was anything they could do to help.
Tom and Mary asked me this morning if I wanted to go jogging with them.
Tom and Mary are willing to do that, but John said they didn't need to.
Tom and Mary are willing to do that, but John said they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary are never going to understand why we want them to do that.
Tom and Mary are never going to live up to their parents' expectations.
Tom and Mary are likely going to spend the rest of their lives in jail.
Tom and Mary are just waiting for John to do what they asked him to do.
Tom and Mary are going to have to have their houses painted next month.
Tom and Mary are going to get into trouble if they eat all the cookies.
Tom and Mary are going to get in trouble if they eat all the ice cream.
Tom and Mary are almost never willing to do anything we ask them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they were the ones who left the windows unlocked.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were the ones who stole John's bicycle.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really know how to speak French.
The teacher has given Tom and Mary permission to do whatever they want.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were feeding pigeons in the park.
It looks like Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to give them a ride.
If Tom and Mary had asked me for some money, I'd have given it to them.
If Tom and Mary aren't careful, they're going to get themselves killed.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were in Boston, I'd have tried to visit them.
I wonder whether we forgot to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really did what they were supposed to do.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they were going to study abroad.
I wanted to talk with Tom and Mary yesterday, but I couldn't find them.
I wanted Tom and Mary to do that, but they told me they wouldn't do it.
I thought Tom and Mary might not be permitted to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary would be able to do that if they really wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do the same thing they did yesterday.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that.
I suppose you know why Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them to do.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they weren't supposed to leave early.
I really should've told Tom and Mary why they were supposed to do that.
I know Tom and Mary are friends of yours, but I still don't like them.
I don't remember how many years Tom and Mary said they lived in Boston.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to have to do that by themselves.
Even though Tom and Mary said they could do that, they weren't able to.
Even though Tom and Mary are my neighbors, I don't know them very well.
Do you think Tom and Mary are strong enough to lift that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary think they're the only one here who can't speak French?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it was a good idea for us to do that?
You should've told Tom and Mary that they weren't supposed to do that.
You said Tom and Mary were upset, but they didn't seem that way to me.
You probably wouldn't even recognize Tom and Mary if you saw them now.
You didn't know Tom and Mary wanted to do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary needed to do that by themselves, did you?
Would you please tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
Will you please talk to Tom and Mary and try to convince them to help?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to help them with their homework?
When I first met Tom and Mary, I thought they were a little obnoxious.
What do you think Tom and Mary will say when they find out about this?
What are Tom and Mary planning to do after they graduate from college?
Were Tom and Mary really surprised or were they just pretending to be?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they need to do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they have to do that?
Tom and Mary's parents aren't going to let them go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary would've done that themselves if they'd had known how to.
Tom and Mary would've come to Boston with me if they hadn't been busy.
Tom and Mary won't likely forget to tell John they'll do that for him.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that alone. You'll need to help them.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that alone. You'll have to help them.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John to teach them how to drive.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they won't go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary will probably feel better once they get something to eat.
Tom and Mary weren't worried about what might happen if they did that.
Tom and Mary weren't able to stay in Boston as long as they wanted to.
Tom and Mary were walking so fast that we couldn't catch up with them.
Tom and Mary were the first ones who said they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary were shocked when they heard that John had been arrested.
Tom and Mary were drunk and they said some things they shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary wanted to play poker with us, but John wouldn't let them.
Tom and Mary wanted to know if you're planning to come to their party.
Tom and Mary wanted to do that this afternoon, but I told them not to.
Tom and Mary want you to do it so they don't have to do it themselves.
Tom and Mary want to know when we're going to come over and help them.
Tom and Mary want John to know that they really don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary tried to move the piano by themselves, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary tried to do that by themselves, but they weren't able to.
Tom and Mary took off their sweaters and tied the around their waists.
Tom and Mary told me to meet them at the restaurant next to the hotel.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know anyone who lived on Park Street.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have very much experience doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they've decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was determined to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't think John will agree to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they'd asked Alice to teach him how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted Alice to teach them how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wanted him to babysit their children.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't done doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was through doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was in her office.
Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't do what he asked them to do.
Tom and Mary told John that Alice was gone by the time they got there.
Tom and Mary thought they might be permitted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary think that if they'd done that, John would've been upset.
Tom and Mary stressed that they thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom and Mary speak French well, but not as well as they speak English.
Tom and Mary shouted as loud as they could, but John didn't hear them.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John why they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when John told them they had to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he has to do that before Monday.
Tom and Mary say they forgot to remind John that he needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they could do that without our help.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John can stop Alice from doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember their parents ever spanking them.
Tom and Mary say they don't know whether they'll have time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to go sailing with them.
Tom and Mary say they can't believe John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that, but they weren't able to.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able to help weed the garden today.
Tom and Mary said they would've done that if they'd known they had to.
Tom and Mary said they were unable to do everything they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they were planning to do that in Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that, but they weren't allowed to.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't be able to cheer John up.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be allowed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be allowed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what had caused the accident.
Tom and Mary said they thought there was a chance that John would win.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would probably be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be the first one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be awake when they got home.
Tom and Mary said they thought John seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they regretted that they couldn't help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they might sing with John and his band next weekend.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not want to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not need to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't understand why you don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they can stop John from doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really needs to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really has to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John can stop them from doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ever go fishing with John again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know if they had enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really did that by himself.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't responsible for what had happened.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John had been told not to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be possible.
Tom and Mary said that isn't the only reason why they want to do that.
Tom and Mary said doing that was easier than they thought it would be.
Tom and Mary said John told them he was looking forward to doing that.
Tom and Mary really hoped that John would go to the concert with them.
Tom and Mary probably don't yet know they'll never be able to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't speak French as well as you think they do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John didn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't hear John calling their names.
Tom and Mary postponed their party until John got out of the hospital.
Tom and Mary needed to go back to their houses to get their passports.
Tom and Mary might be able to convince John to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary made a list of things they wanted to do before they died.
Tom and Mary know they won't be able to do what John wants them to do.
Tom and Mary knew they might not be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew that people were going to say bad things about them.
Tom and Mary knew John wouldn't be able to do that without their help.
Tom and Mary hope that John will like the present they bought for him.
Tom and Mary haven't told me where they're planning to stay in Boston.
Tom and Mary have to get out of here while they've still got a chance.
Tom and Mary have said they intend to pay back all the money they owe.
Tom and Mary have lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have asked us to help them get ready for tonight's party.
Tom and Mary have already accomplished what they wanted to accomplish.
Tom and Mary had intended to do that today, but they didn't have time.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they're supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't live far from us, but we don't see them very often.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they felt they had no choice.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that John didn't want them there.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them what had happened.
Tom and Mary didn't know they shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were supposed to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary did what they could in the short amount of time they had.
Tom and Mary did their best to get the job done by the end of the day.
Tom and Mary denied that they were the ones who asked John to do that.
Tom and Mary can pick you up at the train station if you want them to.
Tom and Mary came back from Boston a week earlier than they'd planned.
Tom and Mary became friends with John when they were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because they don't think they ought to.
Tom and Mary are the ones who said they were too busy to help, not me.
Tom and Mary are still doing the same thing they were doing yesterday.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary are probably going to sing that new song they just wrote.
Tom and Mary are pretty proud of what they've been able to accomplish.
Tom and Mary are never going to understand why people don't like them.
Tom and Mary are going to tell John even though I advised them not to.
Tom and Mary are going to need more money to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary are going to have to have their house painted next month.
Tom and Mary are going to get themselves killed if they're not carful.
Tom and Mary are going to John's birthday party tomorrow, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are going to Boston next week with some of their friends.
Tom and Mary announced that they'd be retiring at the end of the year.
There's a chance that Tom and Mary might try to kill themselves again.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were wearing blue baseball caps.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they should eat a lot of vegetables.
Ninety percent of the time Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are pretending they don't understand French.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary are really as rich as they say they are.
I wonder whether I forgot to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary will really be able to do that by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary that I hadn't yet done what they'd asked me to do.
I thought Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they needed.
I think Tom and Mary would go to Boston with you if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary want to do that, even though they say they don't.
I think Tom and Mary said they'd be staying in Boston for three weeks.
I suppose I should offer to pay Tom and Mary for what they did for us.
I should've told Tom and Mary that they were doing that the wrong way.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that I don't want them to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that.
I haven't spoken with Tom and Mary since they got out of the hospital.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be doing that if they didn't want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be doing that if they didn't need to.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be doing that if they didn't have to.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much time they'll need to do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
I didn't know what to do when Tom and Mary said they wouldn't help me.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to have to do that on their own.
How much did Tom and Mary pay you to help them clean out their garage?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were kids?
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you why they decided to drop out of school?
Could you please tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
According to Tom and Mary, John isn't going to go to Boston with them.
You really should've told Tom and Mary that they didn't have to come.
You knew Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't tell Tom and Mary why you wanted them to do that, did you?
What're Tom and Mary planning to do after they graduate from college?
Were you there when Tom and Mary told John they were going to Boston?
Were Tom and Mary really surprised or was they just pretending to be?
We have to do something to stop Tom and Mary from hurting themselves.
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they should do that?
Was it you who was supposed to tell Tom and Mary they had to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they wouldn't be allowed to do that?
Tom and Mary would've let you drive if you'd told them you wanted to.
Tom and Mary would be healthier if they didn't eat so much junk food.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they won't go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary won't likely get cold since they're dressed very warmly.
Tom and Mary won't likely forget to tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary wish they could speak French as well as native speakers.
Tom and Mary wiped their faces with the towels that John handed them.
Tom and Mary will tell John everything they know about the situation.
Tom and Mary will be very late if they do that before they come here.
Tom and Mary weren't wearing their uniforms the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary weren't really paying attention to what they were doing.
Tom and Mary weren't as tall as me last year, but now they're taller.
Tom and Mary were wearing baseball caps when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary were surprised that John caught more fish than they did.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary were lucky that they didn't get hurt more than they did.
Tom and Mary were able to accomplish everything they'd set out to do.
Tom and Mary wanted to walk home, but their mother wouldn't let them.
Tom and Mary wanted to explain everything to John, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary wanted to apologize to John, but they couldn't find him.
Tom and Mary waited for three hours, but nobody came to pick them up.
Tom and Mary tried to persuade John to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary told us that they thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom and Mary told me yesterday that they wouldn't be at school today.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do that unless I did it with them.
Tom and Mary told me they were very surprised to see John doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought they might be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't think it's necessary to do that.
Tom and Mary told me last week that they were going to buy a new car.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted Alice to teach him how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they usually sat in the back of the classroom.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help him clean up after the party.
Tom and Mary told John that they would have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he was a pretty good dancer.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wouldn't be back soon.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was disappointed.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have anything pressing to do.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do that if they had some help.
Tom and Mary thought they were the only ones who knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom and Mary thought they might be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought it was John who had broken into their apartment.
Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John about the jobs they've been offered.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John that they want him to do that.
Tom and Mary should be able to do that if they put their minds to it.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them why we should do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them why we had to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to go back to Boston for Christmas.
Tom and Mary say they think they'll be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't tell them they need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't tell them they have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows why he doesn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows why he doesn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can stop John from doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John can stop them from doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know if they have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said to tell you they're sorry they can't be here today.
Tom and Mary said they'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary said they'd appreciate it if you could do that for them.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Tom and Mary said they wished John hadn't convinced Alice to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to do whatever needed to be done.
Tom and Mary said they were talking to John when the lights went out.
Tom and Mary said they were determined to find out why that happened.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to give John another chance to do that.
Tom and Mary said they understand why John might not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to get that done today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be the next one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be the last one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was having a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to do that sometime today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to do that before he left.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might want to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that with Alice.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that with Alice.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they think their parents are going to get divorced.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have tried doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they only eat vegetables that they grow themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be permitted to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they got home before it started raining.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John got home before it started raining.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John will ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that here.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John has to do that until October.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to tell John what had happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that kind of thing.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really had to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where they should park their cars.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John learned how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was going to have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have very much money on them right now.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't remember where they'd parked the car.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't leave without saying goodbye to John.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the only ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the last ones to leave the party.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to go camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom and Mary said it would probably take them a long time to do that.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't tell Alice what he had done.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd be more careful in the future.
Tom and Mary probably just didn't know what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary probably just didn't know they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John doesn't like their friends.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't know about what had happened.
Tom and Mary pretended not to know that what they had done was wrong.
Tom and Mary poured cold water over themselves to wake themselves up.
Tom and Mary parked their car in the vacant lot next to John's house.
Tom and Mary parked their car in the driveway just behind John's car.
Tom and Mary needed to go back to their house to get their passports.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten to do what they promised us they'd do.
Tom and Mary knew they were probably not going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew they might not be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew that they were supposed to be doing something else.
Tom and Mary knew that they were going to have a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary invited me to go with them, but I said I didn't want to.
Tom and Mary hope they'll be able to get back to Boston next October.
Tom and Mary have to finish what they're doing before they can leave.
Tom and Mary have gotten a lot taller since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have done nothing but complain ever since they got here.
Tom and Mary have been living by themselves for the past three years.
Tom and Mary have been living by themselves for the last three years.
Tom and Mary have a French test tomorrow that they have to study for.
Tom and Mary had enough sense to not go out by themselves after dark.
Tom and Mary get upset when John doesn't do what they tell him to do.
Tom and Mary drove past John's house on their way to the supermarket.
Tom and Mary don't want to admit that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary don't live far from me, but I don't see them very often.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wants them to go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary don't know they're supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom and Mary don't know if they can do what you're asking them to do.
Tom and Mary didn't want to help us today, but they helped us anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they didn't have any choice.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them John wasn't here.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them I had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they'd be allowed to do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't know that John was supposed to help them do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they wanted to buy.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they needed to buy.
Tom and Mary didn't even seem to realize they'd hurt John's feelings.
Tom and Mary denied that they were the ones who told John to do that.
Tom and Mary denied that John was the one who wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't unlock the door because they had the wrong key.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember whether or not they'd locked the door.
Tom and Mary certainly didn't have my permission to do what they did.
Tom and Mary can't speak French, and they can't speak English either.
Tom and Mary can't do that by themselves. Could you please help them?
Tom and Mary can't carry all those suitcases so you should help them.
Tom and Mary can take their time. Tell them there's no need to hurry.
Tom and Mary called to say that they couldn't attend today's meeting.
Tom and Mary bought a new car with the money they won in the lottery.
Tom and Mary asked me to teach them how to say "thank you" in French.
Tom and Mary aren't worried about what might happen if they did that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure whether they made the right decision or not.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to be eating in the classroom, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't likely like to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because they don't think they need to.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because they don't think they have to.
Tom and Mary aren't as good at speaking French as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get hurt if they do that that way.
Tom and Mary are probably going to finish what they're doing by 2:30.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are good tennis players, but they don't play very often.
Tom and Mary are good at French, but they're a lot better at English.
Tom and Mary are going to talk to John about that when they get here.
Tom and Mary are going to leave a day earlier than they'd planned to.
Tom and Mary are going to help you as soon as they finish doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that even if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary are going to have a party at their place Monday evening.
Tom and Mary are going to feel better once they get something to eat.
Tom and Mary apologized for not doing what they'd promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really know where John worked.
The only reason Tom and Mary did that was because John asked them to.
Should I tell Tom and Mary that we won't do that unless they help us?
Please tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that until John gets here.
Many people think Tom and Mary are snobs, but I don't think they are.
It's not likely that Tom and Mary will ever admit that they're wrong.
If Tom and Mary had tried harder, they would've been able to do that.
If Tom and Mary aren't here by 2:30, they probably won't come at all.
I'm going over to Tom and Mary's to help them clean out their garage.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they'd do.
I wish Tom and Mary had told me that they weren't going to the party.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they wanted to do that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they needed to do that.
I was afraid Tom and Mary might not do what they were supposed to do.
I wanted to stay home, but Tom and Mary insisted that I go with them.
I tried to help Tom and Mary, but they said they didn't want my help.
I told Tom and Mary it wasn't possible for them to get into our club.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't be able to do that without their help.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't as cooperative as they should've been.
I thought Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to play the ukulele.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that for John if they'd wanted to.
I should've known Tom and Mary wouldn't do what we wanted them to do.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary why I don't want them to do that.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary I want them to help John do that.
I know Tom and Mary probably didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I just told Tom and Mary that I wanted them to help clean the garage.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that anymore.
I didn't wake Tom and Mary up and they slept for another three hours.
I didn't think you'd forget to tell Tom and Mary what they had to do.
I didn't recognize Tom and Mary when I passed them on the road today.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that by themselves.
How do you know Tom and Mary didn't do what they were supposed to do?
How did Tom and Mary talk John into helping them with their homework?
Have you told Tom and Mary why they shouldn't be doing that that way?
Do you think Tom and Mary would do that again if they had the chance?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be able to do that by themselves?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it was necessary for us to do that?
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that you want them to do that.
You seemed surprised when Tom and Mary told you they had to do that.
Who told you Tom and Mary wouldn't be able to do that by themselves?
What would Tom and Mary do if I wasn't here to tell them what to do?
We're still waiting for Tom and Mary to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be helping us today if John hadn't asked them.
Tom and Mary would've never done that if John had asked them not to.
Tom and Mary would be able to do that if they put their minds to it.
Tom and Mary won't do that right away, but they'll do it eventually.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do everything you've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary weren't very good at doing that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary weren't upset when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary weren't the first ones who said they'd like to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't the first ones who said they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were supposed to call John last night, but they forgot.
Tom and Mary were sitting by themselves on the porch, reading books.
Tom and Mary were shorter than me last year, but now they're taller.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they'd already eaten.
Tom and Mary were disappointed that John didn't come to their party.
Tom and Mary went into the kitchen to help their mother make dinner.
Tom and Mary watched John drive away and then got in their own cars.
Tom and Mary want to go to the concert, but they don't have tickets.
Tom and Mary tried to talk John into helping them do their homework.
Tom and Mary tried to do that again, but they still weren't able to.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they're faster at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary told me that they're better at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary told me that they'll do that the way John told them to.
Tom and Mary told me that they were quicker at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted me to buy a painting for them.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be home on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they'd stay where they were and wait for him.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted Alice to teach them how to drive.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want to eat spaghetti for dinner.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd never really intended to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be able to help him today.
Tom and Mary told John that they were glad that he'd come to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he should lose some weight.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't in her office.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice could likely do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was retired yet.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was in her room.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was embarrassed.
Tom and Mary told John everything they knew about what had happened.
Tom and Mary thought they wouldn't be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they probably shouldn't go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they might be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary taught their children how to sing several French songs.
Tom and Mary still don't know where they're going to go next summer.
Tom and Mary speak French so badly that they're often misunderstood.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they don't want to do that again.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're not going to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they're going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be so expensive to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't tell them they should do that.
Tom and Mary say they haven't seen John since he and Alice broke up.
Tom and Mary say they have something they want to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they have something they need to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they have something they have to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really did that by himself.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John was going to have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John needed to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they can't believe they finally managed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'll go home as soon as they finish doing that.
Tom and Mary said they'd walk the dog this morning, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't permitted John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't been late to John's party.
Tom and Mary said they wished John hadn't convinced them to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure they were doing the right thing.
Tom and Mary said they were able to do everything they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they were able to do everything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not need to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might need to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might have to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be upset if they did that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the best player on the team.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was amused by what was going on.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not need to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not have to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that for Alice.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that for Alice.
Tom and Mary said they thought John had already finished doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't be in the office on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they needed the rest of the money that I owe them.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be required to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John will help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary said they have something they had to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they had to do some things they didn't want to do.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that with Alice.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really has to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they had enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think it would be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where they should park their car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to do that until last summer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John wasn't able to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John would do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very sorry for what they'd done.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't planning on getting there early.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't certain that John could do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that we could be there.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that that was going to happen.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they want me to help them tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and Mary said that they thought it would be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John would be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they know they can't do that as well as John.
Tom and Mary said that they don't think you can do that by yourself.
Tom and Mary said that they don't think John can do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be enough.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was really a Canadian.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary said that the door was open already when they got here.
Tom and Mary said that isn't the only reason they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said John would help them, but I didn't think he would.
Tom and Mary said John probably couldn't do that without their help.
Tom and Mary returned the books that they borrowed from the library.
Tom and Mary probably thinks that what they're doing is a good idea.
Tom and Mary only had a few visitors when they were in the hospital.
Tom and Mary never would've done that if John had asked them not to.
Tom and Mary never told John where they hid the money they'd stolen.
Tom and Mary made it very clear that they didn't want to go with us.
Tom and Mary learned how to do that when they were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary learned from their parents that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary know there's no way they can do that without some help.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't do what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary knew it was foolish to go out by themselves after dark.
Tom and Mary just told me that I didn't have to help them on Monday.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to the people behind the counter.
Tom and Mary hoped they'd have time to eat before they had to leave.
Tom and Mary hoped the rain would stop before they had to walk home.
Tom and Mary hoped John would be well enough to come to their party.
Tom and Mary have until Monday to finish the report they're writing.
Tom and Mary have put on some weight since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have no close friends to help them with their problems.
Tom and Mary have finally done what they said they were going to do.
Tom and Mary had a hard time making themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary don't think they'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wants them to meet him in the park.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they'll have time to do that or not.
Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't have the ability to finish the job by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't want to look, but they couldn't help themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't want to help and John couldn't persuade them to.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me that they didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone that they'd seen John kissing Alice.
Tom and Mary didn't seem very surprised when I told them about that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when they saw John kissing Alice.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether John wanted them to do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know what to do with all the money they'd found.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything they wanted.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary didn't get up this morning as early as they usually do.
Tom and Mary did everything they thought John would want them to do.
Tom and Mary did everything they could to stop John from doing that.
Tom and Mary did everything they could to keep John from doing that.
Tom and Mary denied that John was the one who asked them to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't go because they were unable to get permission.
Tom and Mary couldn't accomplish everything they'd hoped they could.
Tom and Mary could only think of one thing they really wanted to do.
Tom and Mary can swim a lot better than I thought they'd be able to.
Tom and Mary can no longer do the things they used to be able to do.
Tom and Mary ate the chocolate chip cookies that John made for them.
Tom and Mary asked me to stay with them until their father got home.
Tom and Mary asked John to teach them some useful phrases in French.
Tom and Mary asked John to remind them to call Alice in the morning.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because they don't think they should.
Tom and Mary aren't able to do that alone. You'll have to help them.
Tom and Mary are very proud of what they've been able to accomplish.
Tom and Mary are still thinking about whether they should go or not.
Tom and Mary are still the best students in your class, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are so gullible they'll believe anything you tell them.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be very tired when they get home.
Tom and Mary are hoping they can go to Boston with John next summer.
Tom and Mary are going to have to paint their barns again next year.
Tom and Mary apologized for not doing what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really know where John lived.
Tom and Mary accused John of stealing their money, but he denied it.
The only jobs Tom and Mary have ever had are the ones they have now.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and Mary and locked them up in the closet.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they should try to get more sleep.
So far, Tom and Mary are the only ones who have said they're coming.
Since Tom and Mary are sick, I'm sure they won't be at school today.
Perhaps I ought to tell Tom and Mary that I don't like them anymore.
My suggestion for now is that we let Tom and Mary do what they want.
It's too bad that Tom and Mary didn't ask John to help them do that.
It's clear that Tom and Mary don't know what they're supposed to do.
It certainly doesn't look like Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
If Tom and Mary were planning not to be here, they would've told me.
If Tom and Mary do what we asked them to do, there'll be no problem.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary aren't as stupid as they pretend to be.
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. You don't know where they are, do you?
I wonder who'll tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't be doing that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they weren't very happy here.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary asked me to play tennis with them.
I waited for Tom and Mary for three hours, but they never showed up.
I told Tom and Mary I wasn't interested in helping them do anything.
I thought Tom and Mary would be able to do what we asked them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary could handle the job if I gave them a chance.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as young as you think they are.
I should've told Tom and Mary that they weren't supposed to do that.
I should've known Tom and Mary wouldn't do what we asked them to do.
I lent Tom and Mary some money, so they could pay this month's rent.
I know Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but I think they had to.
I just told Tom and Mary that they didn't have to help me on Monday.
I hope Tom and Mary know they have to do what John tells them to do.
I gave Tom and Mary my phone number so they'd be able to contact me.
I doubt that Tom and Mary would help, but you should still ask them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're gotten themselves into.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John wants them to buy for him.
I don't need to call Tom and Mary. I wrote them an email last night.
I don't know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to do that for me.
Even though Tom and Mary are old, they can still do that quite well.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they needed to do that, they didn't.
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to show them how to do that?
Did you remember to tell Tom and Mary what I asked you to tell them?
Are you suggesting that Tom and Mary can't do the job by themselves?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they need to do or should I?
Are you going to tell Tom and Mary what they have to do or should I?
You'd do that for Tom and Mary if they wanted you to, wouldn't you?
You should tell Tom and Mary that they have nothing to worry about.
You didn't think Tom and Mary could do that by themselves, did you?
You didn't tell Tom and Mary why I wanted them to do that, did you?
You didn't know Tom and Mary had to do that by themselves, did you?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves?
Will you please tell Tom and Mary they have nothing to worry about?
When Tom and Mary heard about what happened, they started laughing.
What do you think Tom and Mary would say if they knew we were here?
We have to make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary's letter didn't say when they'd be arriving in Boston.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be happy if we made them do that, would they?
Tom and Mary wouldn't be allowed to do that even if they wanted to.
Tom and Mary would've never done that if John hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary would be very disappointed if they saw you doing that.
Tom and Mary wondered what was in the box that John had given them.
Tom and Mary wondered if they could find a place to live in Boston.
Tom and Mary wondered if John liked them as much as they liked him.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary wished there was something else they could do to help.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John that they want him to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably spend the rest of their lives in prison.
Tom and Mary will probably be able to do that faster by themselves.
Tom and Mary will likely spend the rest of their lives behind bars.
Tom and Mary will be able to do that if they put their minds to it.
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to be at school today, but they were.
Tom and Mary weren't able to help us today, because they were busy.
Tom and Mary were worried about what might happen if they did that.
Tom and Mary were unable to get John to understand what they meant.
Tom and Mary were supposed to be at school today, but they weren't.
Tom and Mary were smart enough not to try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary were sick, so they couldn't come to my birthday party.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary were heading out of town when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary were fired because they often showed up late for work.
Tom and Mary were angry because I didn't help them paint the fence.
Tom and Mary were able to do that better than I thought they would.
Tom and Mary want to know if they can keep that book you sent them.
Tom and Mary want to finish what they're doing before they go home.
Tom and Mary walked into the kitchen to get themselves some coffee.
Tom and Mary used the money John gave them to buy something to eat.
Tom and Mary told us they'd be waiting in front of the post office.
Tom and Mary told themselves that they had made the right decision.
Tom and Mary told me they've been living in Boston for three years.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to go to college in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to go to Boston in October.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought it would be dangerous to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought John wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to go to Australia next year.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was through doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been irresponsible.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been disrespectful.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John could probably do that.
Tom and Mary told John they'd lied to him and that they were sorry.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted him to stay in Boston with them.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't know how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was in the basement.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was suspicious.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was interested.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was downstairs.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was dependable.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was attractive.
Tom and Mary thought they wouldn't be able to do that this morning.
Tom and Mary thought they were the only ones who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they were the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom and Mary thought that they should go to Boston to be with John.
Tom and Mary swore they wouldn't tell John about what had happened.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary spoke to the person sitting next to them on the train.
Tom and Mary spent a lot of time playing games when they were kids.
Tom and Mary spent a few years in Boston when they were in college.
Tom and Mary should've been able to do that with their eyes closed.
Tom and Mary should tell John they'd never do anything to hurt him.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they're going to Boston.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to be unaware that John didn't want them there.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them where John had gone.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them they had to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John had to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them I wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them I needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say you were the one who talked them into coming here.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that, but I wonder if they really will.
Tom and Mary say they need to talk to us about something important.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will be able to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who he needs to give that to.
Tom and Mary say they have something they need to discuss with you.
Tom and Mary say they forgot to remind John that he had to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they could do that kind of thing.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have very much money on them right now.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wasn't able to speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they haven't yet had time to read the report.
Tom and Mary say that they have to attend a meeting this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they're very hungry every day when they get home.
Tom and Mary said they'll probably go shopping with John on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'll be in the hospital for about three weeks.
Tom and Mary said they'd talk to John about what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary said they'd stay and help us clean up after the party.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather study French with a native speaker.
Tom and Mary said they'd likely buy some things at the flea market.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me figure out what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't gone to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary said they wished they could figure out how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to go shopping this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they were very concerned about what might happen.
Tom and Mary said they were going to be in Boston for another week.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom and Mary said they understand why John may not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they understand why John doesn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that here.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew the cause of the accident.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would unlikely want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his room reading a book.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be required to do that soon.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be allowed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not want to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to tell John about what happened.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they'll ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really did that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to pay that much for a used car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think you should ask John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they had any chance of winning.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John needed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember where they'd parked the car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John was getting married to.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who John wanted to do that with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have very much experience doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough money to buy motorcycles.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe you really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they could do that, but in reality they couldn't.
Tom and Mary said there wasn't anything they could do to help John.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sure that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were responsible for what had happened.
Tom and Mary said that they were really sorry for what they'd done.
Tom and Mary said that they thought they smelled something burning.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was just about to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they hated the last song we sang last night.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John liked them very much.
Tom and Mary said that the box was too heavy to lift by themselves.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he ought to do that.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary refused to do anything their parents asked them to do.
Tom and Mary realized they shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary realized there was nothing they could do to help John.
Tom and Mary realized that they weren't the same as the other kids.
Tom and Mary realized that they weren't as smart as the other kids.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd do that before they went home.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John and John don't like them.
Tom and Mary probably doesn't know that John thinks they're stupid.
Tom and Mary pretended to be angry even though they really weren't.
Tom and Mary pretended not to notice that John was looking at them.
Tom and Mary never would've done what you've accused them of doing.
Tom and Mary never would've done that if John hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary need to talk to someone who's able to understand them.
Tom and Mary need to make sure that they're ready to leave by 2:30.
Tom and Mary need to make sure that they have everything they need.
Tom and Mary may not have enough money to buy everything they want.
Tom and Mary may not have enough money to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary look like teenagers, but they're actually over thirty.
Tom and Mary like Boston better than any other place they're lived.
Tom and Mary left three hours ago so they should've arrived by now.
Tom and Mary left their apartments earlier this morning than usual.
Tom and Mary knew there were plenty of people who agreed with them.
Tom and Mary injured themselves when they jumped out of the window.
Tom and Mary hope John can come over to their house this afternoon.
Tom and Mary haven't lived in Boston as long as they say they have.
Tom and Mary have willingly done everything we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have no choice but to do what they've been told to do.
Tom and Mary have been training since they were thirteen years old.
Tom and Mary have already told John they don't want him to do that.
Tom and Mary have already told John they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary have already finished the work that they needed to do.
Tom and Mary had no choice but to do what the boss told them to do.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they wanted to buy.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they needed to buy.
Tom and Mary had changed so much that I didn't even recognize them.
Tom and Mary had better hurry if they want to get home before dark.
Tom and Mary got to the station too late, so they missed the train.
Tom and Mary don't think John would be angry even if they did that.
Tom and Mary don't remember people's names as well as they used to.
Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they should take on the job or not.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they should go to the party or not.
Tom and Mary don't know if they'll be able to visit us next Monday.
Tom and Mary don't know how to say what they want to say in French.
Tom and Mary don't have a phone, so it's difficult to contact them.
Tom and Mary didn't understand exactly what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary didn't think they'd ever get used to living in Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell you about what happened to John, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they were planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John that they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't let on that they knew about the surprise party.
Tom and Mary didn't know where John wanted them to plant the roses.
Tom and Mary didn't know how much money they should take with them.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough space to do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary didn't believe me when I told them what John had done.
Tom and Mary denied that John was the one who told them to do that.
Tom and Mary decided to go back to doing that the way they used to.
Tom and Mary couldn't possibly have opened that door by themselves.
Tom and Mary couldn't decide exactly when they should go to Boston.
Tom and Mary could've been in Boston by now if they'd wanted to be.
Tom and Mary continue to deny that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary can't help move the piano because they have bad backs.
Tom and Mary can't come to work today because they don't feel well.
Tom and Mary called John and asked him to come over to their house.
Tom and Mary burned all the pictures they had of them ex-boyfriend.
Tom and Mary asked John to help them decorate their Christmas tree.
Tom and Mary aren't as interested in doing that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary are very likely going to be hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are trying to persuade John to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out how they can make John happy.
Tom and Mary are still mad at us for not doing what they requested.
Tom and Mary are lucky that they can still take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are likely to spend the rest of their lives in prison.
Tom and Mary are likely going to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are in the kitchen making themselves something to eat.
Tom and Mary are going to have to paint their barn again next year.
Tom and Mary are going to be in prison for the rest of their lives.
Tom and Mary are going to be cold if they don't wear heavier coats.
Tom and Mary are better at speaking French than you think they are.
Tom and Mary almost always use a credit card when they go shopping.
Tom and Mary admitted to John that they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John said they had to do.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were headed toward the beach.
Tell Tom and Mary that I'm not interested in going there with them.
Since Tom and Mary aren't feeling well, they won't do that with us.
If you ask Tom and Mary to lend you some money, they probably will.
If Tom and Mary didn't think we needed help, they wouldn't be here.
If Tom and Mary could've spoken French, they would've had more fun.
If I see Tom and Mary, I'll tell them that you're looking for them.
I'm the one who told Tom and Mary that they needed to study French.
I'm sure Tom and Mary didn't know they weren't supposed to do that.
I'm going over to Tom and Mary's house now to tell them about that.
I'm glad you got a chance to talk to Tom and Mary before they left.
I'll try to find out why Tom and Mary did that the way they did it.
I wish Tom and Mary would hurry up and do what they said they'd do.
I wish Tom and Mary would eat what I give them without complaining.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that.
I told Tom and Mary some things about Boston that they didn't know.
I thought Tom and Mary might be permitted to do that by themselves.
I think it's unlikely Tom and Mary will invite John to their party.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as rich as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were in high school.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they weren't supposed to do that.
I should've listened to Tom and Mary when they warned me about you.
I just told Tom and Mary that they don't have to help me on Monday.
I have a feeling Tom and Mary won't do what they've promised to do.
I ended up telling Tom and Mary what John told me not to tell them.
I don't think that we should leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary would've tried to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary would've tried doing that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be here if they didn't want to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be here if they didn't need to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be here if they didn't have to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary were expecting John to do that for them.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be able to do that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary really needed to do that by themselves.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary wouldn't do what I asked them to do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
I can't wait for Tom and Mary to come home so I can show them this.
I asked Tom and Mary why they didn't want to go to the zoo with us.
Do you think Tom and Mary would've done that if we'd asked them to?
Did Tom and Mary ever talk to you about what they did in Australia?
Ask Tom and Mary whether they're going to eat lunch with us or not.
All Tom and Mary wanted was to spend some time with their families.
You told Tom and Mary I thought they couldn't do that, didn't you?
You think Tom and Mary could've done that on their own, don't you?
You should tell Tom and Mary that John has been asking about them.
You knew Tom and Mary told John they couldn't do that, didn't you?
You don't really think Tom and Mary would kill themselves, do you?
You don't really think Tom and Mary would hurt themselves, do you?
You don't have to like Tom and Mary. You just have work with them.
Would Tom and Mary care if we started eating before they got here?
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and tell them what the problem is?
Why didn't you tell Tom and Mary that they didn't need to do that?
Why didn't you tell Tom and Mary that they didn't have to do that?
Why didn't Tom and Mary tell us that they didn't know how to swim?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to drive them to the airport?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if John hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary would tell me if there were a problem, wouldn't they?
Tom and Mary wondered why none of their friends wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary wondered if John would like the gift they bought him.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John that they want him to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely be as busy today as they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary won't ever admit that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do everything John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do anything you've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary wished that they had been the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably be able to do that faster on their own.
Tom and Mary will likely be very grateful if you do that for them.
Tom and Mary weren't certain whether or not they should tell John.
Tom and Mary weren't at home when I went to visit them last night.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do anything they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary were walking their dogs when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John when they opened the door.
Tom and Mary were supposed to call me last night, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary were so angry at John they couldn't even look at him.
Tom and Mary were sitting at their desks the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they wouldn't get to school on time.
Tom and Mary wanted to kiss John goodbye, but knew they shouldn't.
Tom and Mary wanted to go to college, but they couldn't afford to.
Tom and Mary wanted to finish eating before they talked to anyone.
Tom and Mary wanted John to stay where he was until they got back.
Tom and Mary want us to know that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary usually go to school by bus, but sometimes they walk.
Tom and Mary told the waiter that they'd rather sit by the window.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to wait until October to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're quicker at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be gone by the time we got there.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought you could probably do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they intended to go to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't like to study in the morning.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't have any brothers or sisters.
Tom and Mary told me last month that they were planning to retire.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice would be back soon.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't yet retired.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't retired yet.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't in her room.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was impressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was depressed.
Tom and Mary thought they might not need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they might not have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary stayed up all night reading the books John gave them.
Tom and Mary started laughing when I told them what John had done.
Tom and Mary shouted as loud as they could, but nobody heard them.
Tom and Mary should've been glad that they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary should tell John about the jobs they've been offered.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they won't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to understand why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them what John had done.
Tom and Mary say they won't go out at night by themselves anymore.
Tom and Mary say they understand why John doesn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they thought they could do that without any help.
Tom and Mary say they think John ate dinner with Alice last night.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't be at the meeting on Monday.
Tom and Mary say they know John will want to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they'll ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John would do that by himself.
Tom and Mary say that they're willing to help us paint our garage.
Tom and Mary said we could go to Boston with them if we wanted to.
Tom and Mary said they're glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not spend so much time doing that.
Tom and Mary said they'd probably go shopping with John on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd likely buy some stuff at the flea market.
Tom and Mary said they'd had nothing to do with what had happened.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't have enough time to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't dream of allowing John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able to do that in three hours.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't done that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't allowed John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to get here until after 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to get here until about 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to answer any more questions.
Tom and Mary said they were too out of shape to go hiking with us.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were pretty sure that you wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they were looking forward to coming to visit us.
Tom and Mary said they were looking for someone who speaks French.
Tom and Mary said they were going to ask John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary said they understood why John didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they heard voices in the next room.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to be here today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom and Mary said they see John waiting for the bus every morning.
Tom and Mary said they plan to stay with us for a couple of weeks.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John was having a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might want to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might need to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they could figure out how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they had some personal problems to take care of.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John needed to do that outside.
Tom and Mary said they don't know where John went to kindergarten.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John with his homework.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that without John's help.
Tom and Mary said they didn't understand what John said in French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they were very good at French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would like their friends.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would do that on purpose.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where they were supposed to go.
Tom and Mary said they didn't ever win when they played badminton.
Tom and Mary said the beach was nicer than they expected it to be.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't angry, but that they were sad.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that we could be there.
Tom and Mary said that they were really the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were going to go camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted me to help them wash their car.
Tom and Mary said that they thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to see or speak to anyone.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be safe.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think doing that would be easy.
Tom and Mary said that isn't the only reason they want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that John wanted to borrow some money from them.
Tom and Mary said it was them who should show John how to do that.
Tom and Mary said John wasn't at home when they went to visit him.
Tom and Mary said I looked thinner than the last time they saw me.
Tom and Mary probably don't yet know they've got to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know who they should ask to help them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they'll never be able to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know how to explain how they did that.
Tom and Mary often sleep on the train on their way home from work.
Tom and Mary often refuse to eat what their mother makes for them.
Tom and Mary often ask questions they already know the answers to.
Tom and Mary offered me a beer, but I told them I didn't want one.
Tom and Mary need to study harder if they want to pass this class.
Tom and Mary might've been there yesterday, but I didn't see them.
Tom and Mary might be able to do better if we gave them more time.
Tom and Mary may not want to sing, but you should ask them anyway.
Tom and Mary may do whatever they like with the money I gave them.
Tom and Mary made me promise not to tell John their phones number.
Tom and Mary looked both ways before they crossed the busy street.
Tom and Mary live all by themselves in a small cabin in the woods.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they weren't married.
Tom and Mary left their apartment earlier this morning than usual.
Tom and Mary knew they might be required to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew John was going to be mad at them for doing that.
Tom and Mary haven't told me where they're planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary haven't changed a bit since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have some very important things that they have to do.
Tom and Mary have no friends who are willing to help them do that.
Tom and Mary have invited me to come and stay with them in Boston.
Tom and Mary have finally finished doing what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy everything they really want.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy everything they really need.
Tom and Mary have been talking to John about what they plan to do.
Tom and Mary gave John one of the books that Alice had given them.
Tom and Mary finally talked John into selling them his old violin.
Tom and Mary drank three bottles of wine by themselves last night.
Tom and Mary don't think John would be surprised if they did that.
Tom and Mary don't know why their boss wants them to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary don't know why their boss wants them to go do Boston.
Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to help John do that.
Tom and Mary don't know if John will go with them tomorrow or not.
Tom and Mary don't have phones, so it's difficult to contact them.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money yet to buy the car they want.
Tom and Mary don't come here every day, but they come quite often.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone that they'd dropped out of school.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be convinced that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them what I'd done.
Tom and Mary didn't know what time they were supposed to be there.
Tom and Mary didn't know that I was supposed to help them do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough time to do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough time to do what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they had to buy.
Tom and Mary didn't have any money, so they couldn't buy any food.
Tom and Mary didn't even look at the report that John handed them.
Tom and Mary didn't care who helped them, as long as somebody did.
Tom and Mary did say that, but I don't think they really meant it.
Tom and Mary couldn't help noticing that John was staring at them.
Tom and Mary couldn't find jobs in Boston, so they came back home.
Tom and Mary couldn't eat anything, but they drank a little water.
Tom and Mary could've been suspicious, but they didn't seem to be.
Tom and Mary could've been frightened, but they didn't seem to be.
Tom and Mary could refuse to do that, but I don't think they will.
Tom and Mary could possibly be lonely, but I don't think they are.
Tom and Mary could force you to do that, but I doubt if they will.
Tom and Mary complained that they didn't have enough time to read.
Tom and Mary can't remember exactly what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary can't do that by himself. Could you please help them?
Tom and Mary can read some French, but they can't speak it at all.
Tom and Mary called me almost every day while they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary bought everything they needed in just thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary asked their father to give them some money for lunch.
Tom and Mary asked me to help them put new frets on their guitars.
Tom and Mary asked if they really needed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary asked John where he lived, but he wouldn't tell them.
Tom and Mary are worried about what might happen if they did that.
Tom and Mary are the only ones who seem to be enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary are rich enough to buy just about anything they want.
Tom and Mary are ready to do exactly what you've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they want to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to spend the rest of their lives in prison.
Tom and Mary apparently lived in Boston when they were in college.
Tom and Mary admitted they weren't the ones who actually did that.
Tom and Mary admitted they weren't actually the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what we had asked them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what they promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been doing that for a long time.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really know how to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they couldn't really understand French.
Tom and Mary admitted that that was the real reason they did that.
Tom and Mary admit they've despised John since they first met him.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were wearing hospital gowns.
The kidnappers gagged Tom and Mary and locked them up in a closet.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they needed to lose some weight.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do everything John asks them to do.
So far, Tom and Mary are the only ones who've said they're coming.
Please try to find out why Tom and Mary did that the way they did.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to close all the windows.
Mary and Alice are wearing blouses that're way too large for them.
Let's tell Tom and Mary that we won't do that unless they help us.
It's hard to believe Tom and Mary would do what you said they did.
If Tom and Mary ate more vegetables, they'd probably be healthier.
I've been trying to figure out how Tom and Mary did what they did.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary believed everything I told them.
I'm fairly sure Tom and Mary didn't know John was older than them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary pretended they didn't understand French.
I wonder if we forgot to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really did what they were supposed to do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really did that when they were in Boston.
I wish I hadn't told Tom and Mary that I'd go to Boston with them.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary that they couldn't be here.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they had to do that.
I wanted to ask Tom and Mary how long they had lived in Australia.
I want to make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they never showed up.
I told Tom and Mary that they should try to do that by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do that unless they did it with me.
I think we should tell Tom and Mary that they need to work harder.
I think it's about time we told Tom and Mary that they're adopted.
I think Tom and Mary probably aren't as old as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary might've taken something they shouldn't have.
I think Tom and Mary know they're supposed to give speeches today.
I think Tom and Mary are probably younger than you think they are.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary don't do their homework by themselves.
I should've told Tom and Mary that they needed to be more careful.
I hope Tom and Mary tell John that they can't really speak French.
I feel sorry for Tom and Mary because they always have to do that.
I ended up telling Tom and Mary what you told me not to tell them.
I don't want Tom and Mary wandering around the mall by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary were expecting you to do that for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they should be doing.
I don't need to call Tom and Mary. I wrote them emails last night.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary wanted me to do that with them.
I didn't notice Tom and Mary sitting by themselves at the counter.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary what had happened, but they wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom and Mary some questions and they answered all of them.
Have you told Tom and Mary where you want them to park their cars?
Even though Tom and Mary studied very hard, they failed the class.
Do you want to see pictures of Tom and Mary when they were babies?
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do Tom and Mary still have that red sports car they used to drive?
Did you know that Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that?
Can Tom and Mary really speak French as well as they say they can?
Ask Tom and Mary if they plan to be at the meeting this afternoon.
As soon as Tom and Mary have finished doing that, they'll go home.
All Tom and Mary told me was that they wouldn't be at the meeting.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary they don't need to do that.
You knew Tom and Mary couldn't do that by themselves, didn't you?
Yesterday, Tom and Mary told me that they'd never been to Boston.
Would you tell Tom and Mary what they did that made you so angry?
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and tell them that you miss them?
Why did Tom and Mary agree to do that if they knew they couldn't?
Why are Tom and Mary singing that song we asked them not to sing?
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to meet them at the airport?
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want us to help them?
When I first met Tom and Mary, I didn't know that they were rich.
Were you with Tom and Mary when they slipped and fell on the ice?
We never would've allowed Tom and Mary to go there by themselves.
Tom's and Mary's bicycles were blue before they painted them red.
Tom and Mary wrote to John to tell him what had happened to them.
Tom and Mary wrote a lot of letters to John while they were away.
Tom and Mary wrapped the present they were going to give to John.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have gone to Boston if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if John hadn't told them to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be doing that today if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary would've done that for John if they'd had more time.
Tom and Mary would've called John if they'd had his phone number.
Tom and Mary would've been late if John hadn't given them a ride.
Tom and Mary would probably go hiking with us if we invited them.
Tom and Mary would probably do that for you if you asked them to.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they want to quit their jobs.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely forget to tell John they won't do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to finish the job unless we help them.
Tom and Mary wished they could tell John about what had happened.
Tom and Mary wished they could play the mandolin as well as John.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they want him to help Alice.
Tom and Mary will have to ask John to do that for us, won't they?
Tom and Mary will be really tired when they get home, won't they?
Tom and Mary weren't wearing straw hats the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to help us yesterday, but they did.
Tom and Mary weren't strong enough to lift the box by themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't scared of John, but John was scared of them.
Tom and Mary were walking their dog when I saw them this morning.
Tom and Mary were upset when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary were uncertain whether or not they should tell John.
Tom and Mary were the first ones who said they'd like to do that.
Tom and Mary were the first ones who said they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were afraid to tell their parents what had happened.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they were about to lose everything.
Tom and Mary went to the cemetery to visit their mothers' graves.
Tom and Mary wanted to learn everything they could about animals.
Tom and Mary walk their dog every morning before they go to work.
Tom and Mary visit us quite often, but they never stay very long.
Tom and Mary used to do that quite often, but they don't anymore.
Tom and Mary turned around to see what was happening behind them.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't going to be at school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to help me with my homework.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to be busy all day tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to buy a couple of loaves bread.
Tom and Mary told me they walked through the woods by themselves.
Tom and Mary told me they needed to borrow three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't need to use wheelchairs anymore.
Tom and Mary told me that you were with them yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary told me that they're faster at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary told me that they're better at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought my speech was interesting.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John wouldn't eat dessert.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be sympathetic.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be cooperative.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was engaged to Alice.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was back from Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought I should lose some weight.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't do what he asked them to do.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted Alice to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they thought he wasn't a very good driver.
Tom and Mary told John they thought he was behaving like a child.
Tom and Mary told John they couldn't do what he asked them to do.
Tom and Mary told John they could probably do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd eat anything he made for them.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to try to help Alice.
Tom and Mary told John that they wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't suspicious.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't interested.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't dependable.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was overconfident.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was in her office.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was upstairs.
Tom and Mary thought they were doing what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be required to do that again.
Tom and Mary thought the girl they saw talking to John was Alice.
Tom and Mary thought John had lied to them about where he'd been.
Tom and Mary think they're better at French than they really are.
Tom and Mary tend to get angry when people don't agree with them.
Tom and Mary take showers every morning before they go to school.
Tom and Mary swore they weren't going to say anything to anybody.
Tom and Mary showed me some pictures of them when they were kids.
Tom and Mary seemed to be aware that John didn't want them there.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them what had happened.
Tom and Mary say this is the first time they've tried to do that.
Tom and Mary say this is the first time they've tried doing that.
Tom and Mary say they've deleted John's number from their phones.
Tom and Mary say they're going to find out what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary say they think it'll be impossible to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't have to do that by himself.
Tom and Mary say they know John could do that if he tried harder.
Tom and Mary say they intend to play golf with us this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will be able to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who to give the package to.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he doesn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he doesn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John had to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they believe they can do that without your help.
Tom and Mary said they've not sure whether John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're the ones responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they were asked to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John needs to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said they'd probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they'd never consider doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd love to go to Boston with us in October.
Tom and Mary said they'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't left the door unlocked.
Tom and Mary said they wished they could do that as well as John.
Tom and Mary said they weren't the ones who told John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure if John could do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they were trying to learn how to play the oboe.
Tom and Mary said they were sure they were doing the right thing.
Tom and Mary said they were having a really hard time doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were determined to find out what happened.
Tom and Mary said they were able to do everything they had to do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to give John the chance to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to help them do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they tried to do that the day before yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would be impossible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the first one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was interested in basketball.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his office on Mondays.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might want to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not need to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not have to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might need to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might need to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said they saw John waiting for the bus this morning.
Tom and Mary said they planned on going to the meeting on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they left early because they were feeling sick.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not need to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not have to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might need to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might have to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not want to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might have to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they never had to go back to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they hoped that John would come to their party.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be able to help us today.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they had an interesting conversation with John.
Tom and Mary said they don't think you can take care of yourself.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to stay at an expensive hotel.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to pay so much for a used car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to invite John to their party.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to hang out with John anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to tell John what happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that right now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think doing that would be much fun.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let Alice do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John ought to have done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John needed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had ever been to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really expect anybody to volunteer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't mind eating after the children ate.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anyone who could speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was able to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether we helped them or not.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do that because they're too busy.
Tom and Mary said they could do that, but they actually couldn't.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said there wasn't anything they could do about that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't sure that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sorry for what they'd done.
Tom and Mary said that they were really interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were certain that John could do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to forget about what happened.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John could speak French.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really like working in Boston.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he should do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John he had to do that.
Tom and Mary refused to do what John told them they needed to do.
Tom and Mary promised themselves that they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary promised John they'd eat everything on their plates.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what John would like them to do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what John thinks they should do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they're not supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary now know that they've been doing that the wrong way.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten what they promised to do for John.
Tom and Mary might have some problems we can help them deal with.
Tom and Mary made the mistake of trying to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't plan to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their rooms and won't come out.
Tom and Mary lived in Boston for three years when they were kids.
Tom and Mary liked the idea until I told them it was John's idea.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary know there are plenty of people who agree with them.
Tom and Mary know better than to go out after dark by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they shouldn't do that, but they did it anyway.
Tom and Mary knew they might be allowed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew that they were the only ones who could do that.
Tom and Mary knew that John wanted them to go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary just told me that they don't plan to stay in Boston.
Tom and Mary hoped that John would like the gift they bought him.
Tom and Mary haven't been home since they graduated from college.
Tom and Mary have trouble making themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary have told John that they aren't required to do that.
Tom and Mary have permitted their children to do that many times.
Tom and Mary have no friends who're willing to help them do that.
Tom and Mary have finally decided that they have to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary have been waiting all morning for John to help them.
Tom and Mary have been trying to figure out what they need to do.
Tom and Mary have been trying to figure out what they have to do.
Tom and Mary have another problem they haven't told us about yet.
Tom and Mary have already told me they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary have already done everything we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have absolutely no idea what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary had to stay home from school because they were sick.
Tom and Mary had plenty of chances to apologize, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary had no idea why John wanted them to stop doing that.
Tom and Mary had no choice but to do what they'd been told to do.
Tom and Mary got tired of waiting for John, so they went on home.
Tom and Mary gave me their phone number and told me to call them.
Tom and Mary forgot to tell John what they'd planned to tell him.
Tom and Mary finally talked John into lending them his accordion.
Tom and Mary finally got driver's licenses when they were thirty.
Tom and Mary felt that they needed to explain why they were late.
Tom and Mary explained to John why they couldn't go to his party.
Tom and Mary explained that they were the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary drove past John's house on their way home from work.
Tom and Mary drive by John's house on their way to and from work.
Tom and Mary drank a few cups of coffee to keep themselves awake.
Tom and Mary don't think John would be mad even if they did that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why people don't like them.
Tom and Mary don't seem to think they need to go to the hospital.
Tom and Mary don't know who they should ask to help them do that.
Tom and Mary don't know what happened because they weren't there.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary don't have any idea when John wants them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't want to talk to John, but they had no choice.
Tom and Mary didn't understand what John was trying to tell them.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would be awake when they got home.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John about the jobs they'd been offered.
Tom and Mary didn't speak French as well as I thought they could.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't say whether they'd go to John's party or not.
Tom and Mary didn't say whether they went to John's party or not.
Tom and Mary didn't really expect John to answer their questions.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they shouldn't have tried doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they should believe John or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know they didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were supposed to go yesterday.
Tom and Mary didn't have any money, so they couldn't buy tickets.
Tom and Mary didn't get driver's licenses until they were thirty.
Tom and Mary didn't feel very well, but they went to work anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as much last week as they usually do.
Tom and Mary didn't do anything that they weren't supposed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't apply for the jobs that John told them about.
Tom and Mary demanded that John give them the money he owed them.
Tom and Mary couldn't go to the concert because they had to work.
Tom and Mary confessed that they were the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary called to tell me they'd been in a traffic accident.
Tom and Mary called John and had him pick them up at the station.
Tom and Mary asked whose coat it was and I told them it was mine.
Tom and Mary asked me to tell you they needed a little more time.
Tom and Mary asked me not to park my car in front of their house.
Tom and Mary asked John to wait for them in front of the library.
Tom and Mary aren't sure when John is expecting them to be there.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to be at school today, but they are.
Tom and Mary aren't suggesting John could've done that, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't as good at doing that as they think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as easy to get along with as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't able to do that alone. You need to help them.
Tom and Mary are wearing the same clothes as they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary are wearing different hats than they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be starved when they get home.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be forgiven for what they did.
Tom and Mary are old enough to know that what they did was wrong.
Tom and Mary are never going to do what you're asking them to do.
Tom and Mary are never going to be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to pay me back what they owe me on Monday.
Tom and Mary are going to have to take better care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to do that later when they're not so busy.
Tom and Mary are finally going to do what they told us they'd do.
Tom and Mary are better chess players than I expected them to be.
Tom and Mary admitted they weren't actually the one who did that.
Tom and Mary admitted they were the ones who ate all the cookies.
There's no way Tom and Mary could've done what you said they did.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to do that sometime this week.
Please tell Tom and Mary they have to do that sometime this week.
My guess is that Tom and Mary won't do what you asked them to do.
Maybe you should let Tom and Mary go to Boston like they want to.
It'll take Tom and Mary three hours to finish what they're doing.
It would've been nice if Tom and Mary had told us they'd be late.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't think they have a chance to win.
If you see Tom and Mary, will you tell them I'm looking for them?
If you run into Tom and Mary, ask them how their mother is doing.
If Tom and Mary had been here today, I'd probably have seen them.
If Tom and Mary finds out I told you this, they'll be very angry.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary appreciate everything you do for them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary wouldn't be here if they didn't have to be.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciate everything you've done for them.
I'm afraid Tom and Mary might not do what they're supposed to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do that the way I asked them to.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really thought they had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really knew they needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really did what they said they did.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are really as rich as they say they are.
I wonder if I forgot to tell Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom and Mary I'd go to Boston with them.
I was happy to be able to help Tom and Mary buy what they needed.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they didn't show up.
I told Tom and Mary that I wasn't interested in working for them.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they might be able to do that.
I told Tom and Mary that I didn't want to go to Boston with them.
I thought Tom and Mary wouldn't be able to do that by themselves.
I think you ought to let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves.
I think we shouldn't let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary stayed by at home by themselves last Monday.
I think Tom and Mary should do what they say they're going to do.
I think Tom and Mary might've said something they shouldn't have.
I think Tom and Mary did that, even though they said they didn't.
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they put their minds to it.
I think I heard Tom and Mary say that they were going to do that.
I should've phoned Tom and Mary before I went over to visit them.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't go there if you didn't go with them.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't do that unless you did it with them.
I first met Tom and Mary right after they moved here from Boston.
I don't think that Tom and Mary did their homework by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they're supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how they're going to do that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to admit that they're wrong.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be here, but I'm glad they are.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary everything John asked me to tell them.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary wanted me to do that for them.
I convinced Tom and Mary that they should go to Boston with John.
I asked Tom and Mary whether they wanted to go to Boston with me.
Have you told Tom and Mary where you want them to park their car?
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they don't enjoy doing that?
Even though I told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that, they did.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they should do that, they didn't.
Even though I told Tom and Mary they had to do that, they didn't.
Don't you think we should let Tom and Mary do whatever they want?
Don't worry about Tom and Mary. They can take care of themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary would've wanted us to do that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary really wanted to do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can convince John to help them?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they wished to do that by themselves?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they wanted to do that by themselves?
Call Tom and Mary and tell them I can't meet them this afternoon.
Ask Tom and Mary if they have enough money to buy what they need.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary when they need to be here.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
You can't keep Tom and Mary from doing whatever they want to do.
Would you please tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Would you like me to ask Tom and Mary why they don't want to go?
Why didn't Tom and Mary tell us that they were going to be late?
When Tom and Mary told John that they'd done that, he got upset.
What would've happened to Tom and Mary if they hadn't done that?
What time did Tom and Mary say they were leaving in the morning?
What do you think Tom and Mary will do now that they're retired?
We should tell Tom and Mary that John doesn't want them to come.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if we hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary would do anything to get what they think they need.
Tom and Mary would be very disappointed if they saw you do that.
Tom and Mary would be better teachers if they were more patient.
Tom and Mary worked in a supermarket while they were in college.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John why they enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that if John doesn't help them.
Tom and Mary wished that they could play tennis as well as John.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they won't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary will probably get injured if they do that that way.
Tom and Mary will be mad at John when they find out what he did.
Tom and Mary weren't at school last week because they were sick.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what John had bought.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what I planned to do.
Tom and Mary were foolish enough to believe what John told them.
Tom and Mary were advised by John not to go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary went to the cemetery to visit their mother's grave.
Tom and Mary wanted to talk to John, but they couldn't find him.
Tom and Mary wanted to learn everything they could about Boston.
Tom and Mary wanted to hire John to take care of their children.
Tom and Mary want to find an apartment close to where they work.
Tom and Mary walked as fast as they could to catch up with John.
Tom and Mary unlocked the door with the key John had given them.
Tom and Mary told the waiter that they wanted sit by the window.
Tom and Mary told me they were interested in visiting Australia.
Tom and Mary told me they slept for only three hours last night.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have time to do that right now.
Tom and Mary told me that they're able to speak three languages.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be suspicious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be reasonable.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be interested.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be here later.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was good at cooking.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary told me that they had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
Tom and Mary told John to wait for them in front of the station.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be willing to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't surprised.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't impressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't depressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was undependable.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was in the attic.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was disorganized.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was disappointed.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was worried.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was sincere.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was nervous.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was married.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was jealous.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was correct.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't like his sense of humor.
Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't permit him to do that.
Tom and Mary threw away all the letters that John had sent them.
Tom and Mary thought they were the only ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary thought the boy they saw talking to Alice was John.
Tom and Mary stopped laughing when they noticed John was crying.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they're going to do that.
Tom and Mary still don't understand what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary started crying when I told them their dog had died.
Tom and Mary started crying when I told them about the accident.
Tom and Mary spent the money John gave them on something to eat.
Tom and Mary soon realized they shouldn't have tried doing that.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have ever tried to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have ever tried doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary should've been grateful for what John did for them.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they want him to do.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they need him to do.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're going to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John what they want to do.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John what they need to do.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John what they have to do.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they want to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to enjoy themselves at the party last night.
Tom and Mary seemed to be convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them John wasn't here.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them I had to do that.
Tom and Mary seem a lot happier now that they've found new jobs.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that regardless of the consequences.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that even if John tells them not to.
Tom and Mary say they won't have time to do that until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they want to do the same thing I did in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they know John will have to help Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John will have to do that on his own.
Tom and Mary say they know John will eventually want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John is willing to do that with them.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't say he wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't say he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know who John wants to do that with.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John is planning to stay.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wouldn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wouldn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would eventually do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John could do that by himself.
Tom and Mary say there was no reason why they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary say that they weren't the one who broke the window.
Tom and Mary say birds wake them up every morning in the summer.
Tom and Mary said they've learned a lot in the last three years.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they were able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not ask Tom and Mary to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that if John helped them.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't left the windows open.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't asked John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping they could help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to show Alice how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they usually go to Boston three times a month.
Tom and Mary said they used to go to Boston three times a month.
Tom and Mary said they thought we should try to get there early.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that for me.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they should learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might need to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might have to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would probably never happen.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John would do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought it was a little risky to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom and Mary said they thought John's suggestion was a good one.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be willing to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be nervous doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be at today's meeting.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't interested in sports.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was the last one to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was outside waiting for you.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might want to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John didn't like Alice very much.
Tom and Mary said they suspected John was very eager to do that.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have walked home by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might have to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they never needed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary said they expected John do the same thing they did.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to invite John to their party.
Tom and Mary said they don't understand why you want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think it's safe for you to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really wants to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really needs to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to have done that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to do that inside.
Tom and Mary said they don't know where John bought his bicycle.
Tom and Mary said they don't have many opportunities to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to stay in Boston any longer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that without some help.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let them do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would enjoy that movie.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had a driver's license.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember what happened that night.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember seeing John at the party.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember exactly where John lived.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to swim very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to surf very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how old their dog was.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really feel like doing that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really expect anyone to volunteer.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John was supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John wanted them to buy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know if John could do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John couldn't swim very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to be back until next Monday.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have their phones with them today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough time to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough money to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea what John was doing.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether John did that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John would really do that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't go camping with us next weekend.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't find what they were looking for.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going to eat until John gets home.
Tom and Mary said their father told them never to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that was the first time they'd ever done that.
Tom and Mary said that they were the very first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that they did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad that John did that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted me to introduce them to John.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was in love with Alice.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was really scared.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was angry anymore.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they should do that.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them they had to do that.
Tom and Mary said doing that cost more money than they expected.
Tom and Mary realized they weren't likely to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary ran to the bus stop, so they wouldn't miss the bus.
Tom and Mary ran to the bus stop, but they still missed the bus.
Tom and Mary promised they'd go to Boston with John next Monday.
Tom and Mary promised they'd be there, but they never showed up.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd be more careful in the future.
Tom and Mary probably wouldn't be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably should've asked John to help them do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't yet know they have to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John wasn't at their party.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary never told me they didn't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary need to study more if they hope to pass this class.
Tom and Mary need to find out where John wants them to meet him.
Tom and Mary need to be more careful the next time they do that.
Tom and Mary made themselves peanut butter sandwiches for lunch.
Tom and Mary made themselves peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Tom and Mary made me swear not to tell John about what they did.
Tom and Mary made it quite clear what they didn't want us to do.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they weren't willing to do that.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't like John very much.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't intend to help John.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their room and won't come out.
Tom and Mary lived in Australia when they were younger, I think.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they didn't know Alice.
Tom and Mary know John isn't planning to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed to do something to help John.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't get to the airport by 2:30.
Tom and Mary knew that John wouldn't eat the fish they'd caught.
Tom and Mary knew John wasn't likely to tell them what happened.
Tom and Mary hope they can to stay in Boston until next October.
Tom and Mary helped John on the bus, and then got on themselves.
Tom and Mary haven't said anything they weren't supposed to say.
Tom and Mary have promised to do that today before they go home.
Tom and Mary have finally found something they're good at doing.
Tom and Mary have enough time to do that if they really want to.
Tom and Mary have been told not to try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have been told not to try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have been saving up money so they can go to Boston.
Tom and Mary have a few more things to do before they can leave.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they had to buy.
Tom and Mary got angry when I told them about what had happened.
Tom and Mary found the information they were looking for online.
Tom and Mary finally realized that they shouldn't be doing that.
Tom and Mary finally realized that John didn't really like them.
Tom and Mary explained to John why they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary explained to John why they needed to buy a new car.
Tom and Mary expected John to disagree with them, but he didn't.
Tom and Mary enjoy watching people do things that they can't do.
Tom and Mary enjoy swimming almost as much as they enjoy skiing.
Tom and Mary ended up not getting paid as much as they expected.
Tom and Mary ended up getting paid much less than they expected.
Tom and Mary dove into the water and swam as fast as they could.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll have the time to do that today.
Tom and Mary don't think they can help you move the piano today.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't want them at his party.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that if they don't really want to.
Tom and Mary don't have the confidence to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't have any friends who're willing to help them.
Tom and Mary don't have any friends they can talk to about this.
Tom and Mary didn't want to tell John anything about themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would eat what they made for him.
Tom and Mary didn't say whether they were planning to go or not.
Tom and Mary didn't really know why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John didn't want them at his party.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they'd be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they weren't supposed to do that today.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they didn't have to do that today.
Tom and Mary didn't know how much money they were going to need.
Tom and Mary didn't have very many friends when they were young.
Tom and Mary didn't have any money, so they couldn't go with me.
Tom and Mary didn't even look at the report that John gave them.
Tom and Mary didn't do any of the work they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't have done what they did without some help.
Tom and Mary couldn't attend the meeting because they were sick.
Tom and Mary continued working even though they were very tired.
Tom and Mary certainly seems to know what they're talking about.
Tom and Mary can't speak French as well as I thought they could.
Tom and Mary can't forgive themselves for what they did to John.
Tom and Mary called John and asked him to come over their house.
Tom and Mary bought expensive Christmas presents for themselves.
Tom and Mary asked John what time he wanted them to pick him up.
Tom and Mary aren't still wearing their wedding rings, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't likely to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary aren't as determined to do that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary are very satisfied with the work John did for them.
Tom and Mary are thinking about putting their house up for sale.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they won't do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get punished if they do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get arrested if they do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be hungry when they get here.
Tom and Mary are perfectly capable of taking care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are now a little more careful than they used to be.
Tom and Mary are much younger than the rest of their classmates.
Tom and Mary are more dangerous than we first thought they were.
Tom and Mary are going to be very glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be living in Boston with their father.
Tom and Mary are a lot smarter than people give them credit for.
Tom and Mary apparently didn't do what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary almost always do what they say they're going to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what they weren't supposed to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what John said they shouldn't do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd never actually been to Boston.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were the ones who had done that.
There's no way Tom and Mary would've done what you say they did.
The problem is that Tom and Mary think they're better than John.
The only thing Tom and Mary ever gave me were their old jackets.
Tell Tom and Mary I want to see them first thing in the morning.
Should I tell Tom and Mary or would you rather they didn't know?
Let's see what happens if we let Tom and Mary do what they want.
It would be foolish for Tom and Mary to go diving by themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary have fallen down and hurt themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to help them.
If you tell Tom and Mary how to do that, I'm sure they'll do it.
If Tom and Mary didn't want to be here, they wouldn't have come.
I'm the one who told Tom and Mary that they should study French.
I'm sure Tom and Mary had a good reason for doing what they did.
I'm sure Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get home.
I'm going to make sure Tom and Mary do what you told them to do.
I'll see to it that Tom and Mary do what you've told them to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do that the way I told them to.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still as strong as they used to be.
I wonder if Tom and Mary are still as strict as they used to be.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they needed to help John.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
I want to be sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I told Tom and Mary that they should try to do it by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they should lose some weight.
I thought Tom and Mary would ask John to go with them to Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary would ask John to go to Boston with them.
I thought Tom and Mary would apologize to John, but they didn't.
I think Tom and Mary would do that for you if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary would be doing that, too, if they knew how.
I think Tom and Mary will like the presents you bought for them.
I think Tom and Mary know what time they're supposed to be here.
I think Tom and Mary don't live very near the school they go to.
I think Tom and Mary could've solved that problem by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary could get injured if they tried to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are probably older than you think they are.
I spoke to Tom and Mary in French, but they answered in English.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they were supposed to do that.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that I want them to do that.
I know Tom and Mary can't come to Boston, but I wish they would.
I hope Tom and Mary are going to do what they're supposed to do.
I honestly don't think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I heard that Tom and Mary asked you to help them wash their car.
I haven't seen Tom and Mary since they've come back from Boston.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary to take their umbrellas with them.
I don't think Tom and Mary would be absent if they weren't sick.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be as careful as they should be.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know whether they can do that or not.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John would like them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that John thinks they're stupid.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they have to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary want me to go to Boston with them.
I don't know why Tom and Mary didn't do what I asked them to do.
I didn't want to interrupt Tom and Mary while they were talking.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would want to do that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be cooperative, but they were.
I didn't think Tom and Mary really had to do that by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would be here, but I'm glad they are.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were still living with their parents.
I asked Tom and Mary to sing that song they used to always sing.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they don't like doing that?
Have Tom and Mary told John that they can't speak French at all?
Even though Tom and Mary are sick, they're swimming again today.
Do you think Tom and Mary will get the jobs they've applied for?
Do Tom and Mary still do the same kind of stuff they used to do?
Did you tell Tom and Mary I didn't want them to do that anymore?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they thought they'd be able do that?
Did Tom and Mary say what they were planning to do this evening?
Did Tom and Mary say they were going to walk to school tomorrow?
Are you really going to let Tom and Mary go there by themselves?
"Are Tom and Mary here?" "No, they left just a few minutes ago."
Your names wouldn't be Tom and Mary, by any chance, would they?
You'll help Tom and Mary do that if they ask you to, won't you?
You shouldn't have told Tom and Mary that you didn't like them.
You knew Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves, didn't you?
You can't hit Tom and Mary and expect them not to hit you back.
Would you tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and tell them what's happening?
Why don't you believe Tom and Mary when they say they're happy?
Why didn't you just give Tom and Mary the money they asked for?
When Tom and Mary got home, their children were already asleep.
We should ask Tom and Mary what they think about the situation.
We don't believe that Tom and Mary did what John said they did.
We can't let Tom and Mary wander around the park by themselves.
Tom and Mary's parents are too strict to allow them to do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if they didn't need to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't go back to Boston if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary would've left early if they'd known they could've.
Tom and Mary would've done that themselves if they'd known how.
Tom and Mary would've done that by themselves if they could've.
Tom and Mary would be able to do that if they really wanted to.
Tom and Mary worry too much about what people think about them.
Tom and Mary worked part-time to put themselves through school.
Tom and Mary wondered what John could do that they couldn't do.
Tom and Mary wondered if they had enough money to pay the bill.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they don't like their jobs.
Tom and Mary won't be able to buy what they need at this store.
Tom and Mary wish they could speak French like native speakers.
Tom and Mary will probably do that as soon as you tell them to.
Tom and Mary will never understand why we want them to do this.
Tom and Mary will likely spend the rest of their lives in jail.
Tom and Mary will have to do that, whether they like it or not.
Tom and Mary will get themselves killed if they're not careful.
Tom and Mary weren't able to say what they wanted to in French.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do everything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary were walking too fast for John catch up with them.
Tom and Mary were very good at doing that when they were young.
Tom and Mary were surprised when John showed up at their party.
Tom and Mary were stupid enough to believe what John told them.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them about what happened.
Tom and Mary were afraid they might do something they'd regret.
Tom and Mary were afraid that they were going to make mistakes.
Tom and Mary went to visit John even though I told them not to.
Tom and Mary wanted to know who was going to help them do that.
Tom and Mary wanted to know how they could lose weight quickly.
Tom and Mary wanted to kiss John, but didn't think they should.
Tom and Mary wanted to get as far away from John as they could.
Tom and Mary wanted to ask you if you'd help them next weekend.
Tom and Mary want me to give them some advice on buying stocks.
Tom and Mary walked in and quietly closed the door behind them.
Tom and Mary used to do that a lot, but they seldom do anymore.
Tom and Mary used the key John had given them to open the door.
Tom and Mary tried to say something, but John interrupted them.
Tom and Mary tried to ask John a question, but he ignored them.
Tom and Mary took their sunglasses off and handed them to John.
Tom and Mary told me to meet them in front of the concert hall.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do what I wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to try to find other jobs.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have enough money to buy that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't actually want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't remember the teacher's name.
Tom and Mary told me that to be gone by the time they got here.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd never had that problem before.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be surprised.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be impartial.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be back soon.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was claustrophobic.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was being truthful.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been impressed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John could speak French.
Tom and Mary told me that they think they're going to die soon.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what they need to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what they have to do.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want him to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't have many friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be likely to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't upstairs.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't prepared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unimpressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unconscious.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was intelligent.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was incompetent.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was heartbroken.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was embarrassed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was discouraged.
Tom and Mary told John that they never wanted to do that again.
Tom and Mary told John that they had never intended to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was sleepy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was scared.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was lonely.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was hungry.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was honest.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was boring.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was biased.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was asleep.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was afraid.
Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't allow him to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom and Mary thought John might like to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary think they can do the job better than anyone else.
Tom and Mary study French every morning before they go to work.
Tom and Mary still don't know who's going to help them do that.
Tom and Mary soon realized there was no way they could do that.
Tom and Mary should've learned French when they had the chance.
Tom and Mary should've done it the way John told them to do it.
Tom and Mary should tell John they won't go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're going to Boston.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John that they need his help.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they don't like him.
Tom and Mary seldom make mistakes when they're speaking French.
Tom and Mary seemed to enjoy themselves yesterday at the party.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when they saw John kissing Alice.
Tom and Mary say they've learned a lot in the last three years.
Tom and Mary say they've heard that John wanted to change jobs.
Tom and Mary say they're going to find out what has to be done.
Tom and Mary say they would've done that if we'd asked them to.
Tom and Mary say they want to become simultaneous interpreters.
Tom and Mary say they want to apologize to John for doing that.
Tom and Mary say they thought they could do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they think they can do that without your help.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be interesting to do that.
Tom and Mary say they regret that they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John will have to help John do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John will have to do that next week.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't eat all the potato chips.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows when he ought to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows when he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John is willing to do that for them.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot to do before they can go home.
Tom and Mary say they forgot that they had promised to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would let Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John ought to have done that.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember where they put their keys.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom and Mary say they don't have many opportunities to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't care whether John does that or not.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe you really want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would be at the meeting.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John couldn't swim very well.
Tom and Mary say they believe they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary said they're tired of waiting for John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John has to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'll probably do that on Monday with John.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not spend much time doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be willing to do that for John.
Tom and Mary said they wished you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't told John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't seen John doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't gone to John's party.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't gone there with John.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't forgotten to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished John wouldn't do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in good enough shape to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who got here on time.
Tom and Mary said they were thankful for the chance to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were ready to do whatever was necessary.
Tom and Mary said they were pretty sure that you would do that.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping you could do that with them.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping you could do that with John.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to try to swim across this river.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy a couple of sleeping bags.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to talk you out of doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to show them how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought you could take care of yourself.
Tom and Mary said they thought we shouldn't go to John's party.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help us today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to cheer John up.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were doing the right thing.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could lend John some money.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John had already done that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought it was unlikely that they'd win.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be a good idea.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be able to help them.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't very good at French.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't finished doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was still living in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was going to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they saw John sitting in the park by himself.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think it would be wise to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that alone.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that outside.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't have a problem with me doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to spend all day doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to argue about this anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want John to come to their party.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let you do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let Alice drive.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know where they were born.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to ski very well.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John refused to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when John would be arriving.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know if they had time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John wasn't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to worry about John anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the energy to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea what John would do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they could do that, but they weren't able to.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be moving to Boston next October.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be gone by the time we got there.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said that they were very interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were too tired to do anything else.
Tom and Mary said that they were the very last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John regretted what he did.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to ever see John again.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary said doing that took more time than they expected.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me who gave them those binoculars.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me where they were planning to go.
Tom and Mary realized they weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary realized later that they shouldn't have done that.
Tom and Mary promised themselves they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary probably thought they were going to be busy today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know exactly what they ought to do.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't see what was happening.
Tom and Mary planned to talk to John the first chance they got.
Tom and Mary phoned to say they won't be here until after 2:30.
Tom and Mary often say they won't be late, but they always are.
Tom and Mary now have to get up much earlier than they used to.
Tom and Mary never told me they wanted to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary never thought they'd have to come back here again.
Tom and Mary never denied that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary needed some money, so I offered to give them some.
Tom and Mary might not have enough money to buy what they want.
Tom and Mary might not have enough money to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary might not be as busy today as they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary might be better at French than you think they are.
Tom and Mary may have some problems we can help them deal with.
Tom and Mary loved living on the ranch with their grandparents.
Tom and Mary looked like they were going to start crying again.
Tom and Mary looked better today than the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary listened carefully, but they didn't hear anything.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary know they're supposed to be here tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be singing this late at night.
Tom and Mary know something about John that they won't tell us.
Tom and Mary knew they shouldn't be doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary knew they might not need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they might not have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they couldn't do what John wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary knew there was nothing they could do to help John.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't do what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary invited John over to their place to watch a movie.
Tom and Mary hope that John won't do that until they get there.
Tom and Mary hid under their beds, but their mother found them.
Tom and Mary haven't told me where they're planning to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't lost as much weight as they say they have.
Tom and Mary haven't been talking very good care of themselves.
Tom and Mary haven't been able to do that since their accident.
Tom and Mary have to finish doing that before they can go home.
Tom and Mary have no close friends they can talk to about that.
Tom and Mary have just done what they should've done last week.
Tom and Mary have gotten fatter since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have already told John they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary had no choice but to do what John told them to do.
Tom and Mary gave me a notebook full of their favorite recipes.
Tom and Mary gave each of their children three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary forgot to ask John what they'd planned to ask him.
Tom and Mary finally managed to do what they were trying to do.
Tom and Mary don't think John will be awake when they get home.
Tom and Mary don't think John lies to them, but I know he does.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to appreciate what we've done for them.
Tom and Mary don't really know why John wanted them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't want them to help him.
Tom and Mary don't know they'll never be able to do that again.
Tom and Mary don't know how long they'll have to wait for John.
Tom and Mary don't have to talk about it if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have to eat anything they don't want to eat.
Tom and Mary don't have a pet now, but they used to have a dog.
Tom and Mary don't go to the movies as often as they'd like to.
Tom and Mary don't go fishing much now, but they used to a lot.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they said they had to.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell us that they'd be in Boston this week.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they'd never been to Boston before.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they should do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to understand why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware of what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them about that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem satisfied with the answer I gave them.
Tom and Mary didn't seem convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't read any of the messages John sent to them.
Tom and Mary didn't pay me as much as they promised they would.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough time to do what they had to do.
Tom and Mary didn't even look at the letter John wrote to them.
Tom and Mary didn't eat the sandwiches that John made for them.
Tom and Mary didn't actually want to do that with us, did they?
Tom and Mary did something they didn't want John to know about.
Tom and Mary definitely know that they shouldn't be doing that.
Tom and Mary couldn't get John to tell them why he was unhappy.
Tom and Mary couldn't find what they wanted at the supermarket.
Tom and Mary couldn't do that, so they asked John to help them.
Tom and Mary couldn't do that last week because they were sick.
Tom and Mary could've been nervous, but they didn't seem to be.
Tom and Mary could've been frightened, but they didn't show it.
Tom and Mary could hardly make themselves understood in French.
Tom and Mary checked the list to make sure they had everything.
Tom and Mary certainly sound like they're not planning to come.
Tom and Mary certainly aren't as smart as John thinks they are.
Tom and Mary can do whatever they like as far as I'm concerned.
Tom and Mary called to say they wouldn't be back till tomorrow.
Tom and Mary called to say they wouldn't be at today's meeting.
Tom and Mary burned all of the letters that John had sent them.
Tom and Mary asks me the same questions every time they see me.
Tom and Mary asked me if I could help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary asked if they really had to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary asked John if he'd like to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary aren't really as rich as everyone thinks they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as naive as a lot of people think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as motivated to do that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as desperate to do that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary are wearing the black coats they bought last week.
Tom and Mary are wearing coats that are way too large for them.
Tom and Mary are still not sure why John wants them to do that.
Tom and Mary are proud of what they've been able to accomplish.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get injured if they do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be tired when they get home.
Tom and Mary are only trying to do what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary are my neighbors, but I don't know them very well.
Tom and Mary are likely to do that as soon as you tell them to.
Tom and Mary are likely to be really disappointed, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are good swimmers, but they don't swim very often.
Tom and Mary are going to help you do that if you want them to.
Tom and Mary are going to have to figure this out on their own.
Tom and Mary are going to go there the same way they always do.
Tom and Mary are going to get in trouble if they don't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be thirsty when they finish the race.
Tom and Mary are far better off than they were three years ago.
Tom and Mary are better off than they were this time last year.
Tom and Mary are better off now than they were three years ago.
Tom and Mary are already rich enough to buy anything they want.
Tom and Mary almost never do what they say they're going to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what we wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what John told them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what they said they wouldn't do.
Tom and Mary accidentally locked themselves in the wine cellar.
There were a lot of things Tom and Mary said they needed to do.
The doctor told Tom and Mary that they should drink more water.
Tell Tom and Mary I'm not going to do what they asked me to do.
Please make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
Not only do Tom and Mary speak French, they also speak English.
It's doubtful whether Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
It would be stupid for Tom and Mary to go diving by themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary will do what we've asked them to do.
If you visit Tom and Mary now, they'll probably be watching TV.
If you see Tom and Mary, please tell them I'm looking for them.
If Tom and Mary haven't told you yet, they probably never will.
If Tom and Mary didn't come here by bus, how did they get here?
I'm surprised Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them to do.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have some questions they want to ask you.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to be tired when they get home.
I'm really going to miss Tom and Mary when they move to Boston.
I'm going to allow Tom and Mary to do whatever they want to do.
I'll tell Tom and Mary about that the next time I talk to them.
I wonder if Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I wasn't in the room when Tom and Mary asked John to help them.
I was hoping Tom and Mary wouldn't ask me to help them do that.
I want Tom and Mary to keep doing just what they've been doing.
I waited for Tom and Mary for three hours, but they never came.
I told Tom and Mary to stop doing that, but they did it anyway.
I told Tom and Mary they didn't need to come to work on Monday.
I told Tom and Mary that they've been doing that the wrong way.
I thought Tom and Mary wouldn't enjoy doing that by themselves.
I think that Tom and Mary lied to you about when they did that.
I think Tom and Mary would get here early if you asked them to.
I think Tom and Mary won't be as angry as you think they'll be.
I think Tom and Mary will like the present you bought for them.
I think Tom and Mary will do the same thing they did yesterday.
I think Tom and Mary should've asked John to help them do that.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that by themselves before.
I think Tom and Mary could do that by themselves if they tried.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get home.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I think I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they had to do that.
I should've told Tom and Mary that I was too busy to help them.
I should've phoned Tom and Mary before I went over to see them.
I recognized Tom and Mary as soon as they walked into the room.
I plan to telephone Tom and Mary tomorrow and ask them to help.
I haven't yet done what Tom and Mary said they wanted me to do.
I doubt if Tom and Mary will be very hungry when they get home.
I don't think Tom and Mary liked the song you wrote about them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John wasn't at their party.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John wants them to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary can afford to buy the car they want.
I don't care why Tom and Mary did that. I'm just glad they did.
I didn't think Tom and Mary really did what John said they did.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary what time they should come tomorrow.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary that they needed to be more careful.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary weren't enjoying themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would have to do that by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to do that by themselves.
How do you know Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did?
How did Tom and Mary talk John into babysitting their children?
How did Tom and Mary get John to help them with their homework?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like it if I did that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary would do that if they had the chance?
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't want me to sit next to them?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be able to do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can do that without any help?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can convince John to do that?
Could you tell Tom and Mary why you don't want them to do that?
As a matter of fact, Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves.
You should probably tell Tom and Mary why they should do that.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary say they can trust.
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and tell them what's going on?
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and invite them to your party?
Why don't you believe Tom and Mary when they say they're busy?
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary if they'd like to come with us?
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary if they really want to do that?
Why did you tell Tom and Mary I thought they couldn't do that?
When Tom and Mary saw John and Alice together, they got angry.
When Tom and Mary find out what happened, they won't be happy.
What makes you think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Were you the one who told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't go?
We're not going to give Tom and Mary the money they asked for.
We'll make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
We waited all afternoon for Tom and Mary, but they never came.
We should tell Tom and Mary that they need to be more careful.
We should ask Tom and Mary which one they think we should buy.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they weren't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me where they had hidden the money.
Tom and Mary wouldn't let their children speak French at home.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have made it on time if they hadn't run.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if they hadn't wanted to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if they hadn't needed to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that even if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be stupid enough to do that, would they?
Tom and Mary would've found John if they'd only looked harder.
Tom and Mary would've come to Boston with us if they could've.
Tom and Mary would still be alive if they'd been more careful.
Tom and Mary would be disappointed if they saw you doing that.
Tom and Mary wondered how much they were going to have to pay.
Tom and Mary won't be able to solve the problem by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do what you've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary wished they were able to visit Boston more often.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John to stop doing that.
Tom and Mary wished that they could spend more time with John.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they want him to do.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they need him to do.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary will probably be really disappointed, won't they?
Tom and Mary will never understand why people don't like them.
Tom and Mary weren't willing to do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary weren't surprised when I told them what I'd done.
Tom and Mary weren't sure when they were supposed to be there.
Tom and Mary weren't scared to go into the cave by themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't at work last week because they were sick.
Tom and Mary were wearing straw hats the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary were walking towards the station when I saw them.
Tom and Mary were sick, so I stayed home to take care of them.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they'd do that.
Tom and Mary were aware that someone was standing behind them.
Tom and Mary were angry because I wouldn't give them any help.
Tom and Mary were able to do that well when they were younger.
Tom and Mary went back to school to get something they forgot.
Tom and Mary wanted to buy a car, but they couldn't afford to.
Tom and Mary wanted John to understand why they couldn't stay.
Tom and Mary want to find apartments close to where they work.
Tom and Mary want to ask you if you'll help them next weekend.
Tom and Mary usually wear sunglasses whenever they go outside.
Tom and Mary used to make fun of John, but they don't anymore.
Tom and Mary tried to tell John what they were planning to do.
Tom and Mary tried to persuade John to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary tried to do that, but they weren't strong enough.
Tom and Mary tried to do that, but they weren't able to do it.
Tom and Mary told the police that three men had attacked them.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't eat dinner with us tonight.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted John to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought it would be safe to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they don't know any other way to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they've seen that movie three times.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be punctual.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be discreet.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been careless.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought Boston was a safe city.
Tom and Mary told me that they think they'll do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't really care what happens.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what they should do.
Tom and Mary told me that John was the one who told them that.
Tom and Mary told me some things they probably shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary told John they'd be ready to go in three minutes.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to find higher-paying jobs.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to eat meatloaf for supper.
Tom and Mary told John they hoped they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they couldn't eat lunch with him today.
Tom and Mary told John the reason they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help him with his homework.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't able to speak French.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to try to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't worried.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't thirsty.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't sincere.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't nervous.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't married.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't jealous.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't correct.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unprepared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unemployed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was suspicious.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was prejudiced.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was interested.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was frustrated.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was frightened.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was downstairs.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was dependable.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't want Alice to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was upset.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was tired.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was right.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was ready.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was happy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was funny.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was drunk.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was crazy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was bossy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was bored.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was awake.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was angry.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was alone.
Tom and Mary thought they'd forgotten to tell John what to do.
Tom and Mary thought they might need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they might have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they might be permitted to do that today.
Tom and Mary thought they could do that if they had some help.
Tom and Mary thought that John would be too busy to help them.
Tom and Mary thought that John was hiding something from them.
Tom and Mary thought John wouldn't likely come to their party.
Tom and Mary thought John would be bored, but they were wrong.
Tom and Mary thought John was going to let them go home early.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends will want to do that.
Tom and Mary think Alice is the prettiest girl in their class.
Tom and Mary thanked John for the bottle of wine he gave them.
Tom and Mary take their ukuleles with them everywhere they go.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary stayed at a cheap hotel when they visited Boston.
Tom and Mary started eating the sandwiches John made for them.
Tom and Mary speak French much better than they speak English.
Tom and Mary sold their car to John for three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary skipped dinner saying they were too tired to eat.
Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John that they're going to Boston.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have gone out after dark by themselves.
Tom and Mary should've done it the way you told them to do it.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they won't do that.
Tom and Mary should never have tried to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary should never have tried doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary should be able to do that with their eyes closed.
Tom and Mary scooted over so John could sit down next to them.
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they ever do this.
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they ever do that.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to go to Boston this winter.
Tom and Mary say they're not the only ones who didn't do that.
Tom and Mary say they're hoping they can go swimming tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they want to give John the chance to do that.
Tom and Mary say they usually buy a new car every three years.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be impossible to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they sell about thirty loaves of bread a day.
Tom and Mary say they need the rest of the money you owe them.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows why he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't say he has to do that.
Tom and Mary say they have a special tool they use to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they're very good at French.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would let them do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know how to swim very well.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John doesn't like Boston.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John is planning to go.
Tom and Mary say they don't know if they have time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John would really do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wasn't able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they can't believe John would really do that.
Tom and Mary say they can help us today if we need their help.
Tom and Mary say they aren't yet sure what caused the problem.
Tom and Mary say they always do that the way John showed them.
Tom and Mary say that when they did that, John started crying.
Tom and Mary say that they'd like to come over this afternoon.
Tom and Mary sang better today than I've ever heard them sing.
Tom and Mary said they're planning on staying at home all day.
Tom and Mary said they'd probably do that on Monday with John.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd fill out the application form for me.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for you if you asked them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to help if we needed help.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't like to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't dream of letting John do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be permitted to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they wished they'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't spent so much money.
Tom and Mary said they weren't used this kind of cold weather.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going John and Alice's wedding.
Tom and Mary said they were tired and wanted to go home early.
Tom and Mary said they were still not very good at doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were kidnapped when they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary said they were going to need a little more money.
Tom and Mary said they were going to go to Boston to see John.
Tom and Mary said they were expecting something bad to happen.
Tom and Mary said they were at your house yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they wanted us to be here by 2:30 on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to teach them how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were too young to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were too drunk to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what the problem was.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would probably not happen.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would likely never happen.
Tom and Mary said they thought it was time for them to retire.
Tom and Mary said they thought it could happen in Boston, too.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be too busy to help.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be happy to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be glad to see them.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be doing that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in no rush to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wanted to quit doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John probably wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to be more careful.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John looked nervous doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they think they'll have to do that for John.
Tom and Mary said they think they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have done that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they saw John eating a sandwich in the park.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't be at home on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they planned to go to the meeting on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that before John got here.
Tom and Mary said they met a woman named Alice this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they knew where John learned how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew something bad was going to happen.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be required to do that.
Tom and Mary said they intend to go to Australia next October.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would come to their concert.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be willing to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't allow Alice to do that.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to say to John.
Tom and Mary said they felt uncomfortable and wanted to leave.
Tom and Mary said they expected us do the same thing they did.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John will agree to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really has to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan on doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they don't know what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they don't know what John wants them to buy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to say anything about that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ever go to Boston again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want John to ever do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they had to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would really do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would let me do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think I had the guts to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember asking John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need your permission to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John didn't like Alice.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John couldn't speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have your permission to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the nerve to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything to complain about.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any plans for next weekend.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea why John did that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether we did that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether John stayed or not.
Tom and Mary said they did that, but they didn't really do it.
Tom and Mary said they can't eat that much food by themselves.
Tom and Mary said there wasn't anything they could do to help.
Tom and Mary said their father told them not to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they'd do just about anything for John.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't mind helping us tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't working in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very interested in sports.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very interested in soccer.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that they did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad that John did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were sure that John would do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really interested in archery.
Tom and Mary said that they were really determined to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to talk to me after school.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they really didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to go to John's party.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was really busy.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John was mad anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really know how to do that.
Tom and Mary said that it didn't take them so long to do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John not to do that.
Tom and Mary said it was easier to do that than they expected.
Tom and Mary said John was unlikely to eat anything they made.
Tom and Mary said John was sleeping by the time they got home.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me what they were planning to do.
Tom and Mary refused to do what John told them they had to do.
Tom and Mary refused to do what I told them they needed to do.
Tom and Mary refused to admit that what they'd done was wrong.
Tom and Mary realized they wouldn't likely be able to do that.
Tom and Mary realized they didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary realized there was nothing they could do to help.
Tom and Mary realized there was no way they'd be able do that.
Tom and Mary promised to come, but they haven't turned up yet.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd do that before they went home.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't lie to me anymore.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd eat whatever he cooked.
Tom and Mary promised John that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to get home by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why you want them to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what John expects them to do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they've got to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they shouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary probably don't know how they're going to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know exactly what they need to do.
Tom and Mary probably don't know exactly what they have to do.
Tom and Mary play tennis well, but they don't play very often.
Tom and Mary opened the door, even though I asked them not to.
Tom and Mary obviously don't want us bothering them right now.
Tom and Mary never told me that they knew how to speak French.
Tom and Mary might've lied about who they went to Boston with.
Tom and Mary might not really be as busy as they say they are.
Tom and Mary might be here somewhere, but I haven't seen them.
Tom and Mary may do that for us, but then again, they may not.
Tom and Mary made me promise not to tell John where they were.
Tom and Mary made it very clear that they didn't want us here.
Tom and Mary looked around to see if they were being followed.
Tom and Mary looked around the room, but they didn't see John.
Tom and Mary look like they're too tired to help us right now.
Tom and Mary let me read the letter they'd received from John.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary know they should do that, but they don't want to.
Tom and Mary know that John can't do that as well as they can.
Tom and Mary know John will probably be too busy to help them.
Tom and Mary knew that they wouldn't be able to pass the test.
Tom and Mary knew that I'd be gone by the time they got there.
Tom and Mary just told me that they wouldn't be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary hired John to work at their store on Park Street.
Tom and Mary hinted very strongly that they wanted to go home.
Tom and Mary haven't yet realized that they're made a mistake.
Tom and Mary haven't had time to do what you asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have told me they have to go to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary have some good ideas they want to tell you about.
Tom and Mary have probably done something they shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary have enough money to do whatever they want to do.
Tom and Mary have decided they're the ones who should do that.
Tom and Mary have been drinking a lot since they got divorced.
Tom and Mary have already done everything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have a lot of work to do before they can go home.
Tom and Mary have a few things they need to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary drank the whole bottle of wine all by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that, but they say they have to.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that today because they're sick.
Tom and Mary don't speak French as well as they speak English.
Tom and Mary don't speak French as well as I thought they did.
Tom and Mary don't seem to understand why they should do that.
Tom and Mary don't really listen when John is talking to them.
Tom and Mary don't necessarily have to go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know where they're going to live next year.
Tom and Mary don't know they're not supposed to do that again.
Tom and Mary don't know how much time they'll need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know how much time they'll have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't have to wash the car if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have to say anything if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary didn't want to go, but their father made them go.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit they didn't know what to do.
Tom and Mary didn't understand why they weren't allowed to go.
Tom and Mary didn't stay for as long as they said they'd stay.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know what they were talking about.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know exactly what they were doing.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they should do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't recognize the person sitting next to them.
Tom and Mary didn't really enjoy doing that with us, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were in a hurry to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John didn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they'd be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know the reason why John didn't like them.
Tom and Mary didn't know how to do what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary didn't know how much money they should give John.
Tom and Mary didn't have their parents' permission to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have good jobs until they moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they wanted.
Tom and Mary didn't have enough money to buy what they needed.
Tom and Mary didn't even text John to tell him they'd be late.
Tom and Mary didn't deny that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary did neither of the two things I asked them to do.
Tom and Mary denied that they were the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary deleted all of John's pictures from their phones.
Tom and Mary cried as they read the letter they got from John.
Tom and Mary couldn't attend the party because they were sick.
Tom and Mary could've been right, but I think they were wrong.
Tom and Mary could make you do that, but I doubt if they will.
Tom and Mary can't go out because they have a lot of homework.
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. John will have to help them.
Tom and Mary came a little earlier today than they usually do.
Tom and Mary began doing that when they were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary assured me that they wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom and Mary asked me to help them with their French homework.
Tom and Mary asked John where they should put their suitcases.
Tom and Mary asked John what time he wanted them to come over.
Tom and Mary asked John to meet them at Alice's house at 2:30.
Tom and Mary asked John to help decorate their Christmas tree.
Tom and Mary asked John if he'd help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary asked John if he knew why Alice didn't like them.
Tom and Mary aren't willing to do that unless John helps them.
Tom and Mary aren't very likely be punished for what they did.
Tom and Mary aren't really sure why they have to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to permit John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary aren't actually going to do that today, are they?
Tom and Mary are wearing the sunglasses they bought yesterday.
Tom and Mary are wearing the same clothes they wore yesterday.
Tom and Mary are wearing coats that're way too large for them.
Tom and Mary are very fortunate to have John working for them.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out how much money they owe.
Tom and Mary are too drunk to drive. Could you take them home?
Tom and Mary are the best students in your class, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are still sitting in their car, waiting for John.
Tom and Mary are ready to do their best in order to help John.
Tom and Mary are pretty nice people once you get to know them.
Tom and Mary are only asking you to help them for a few hours.
Tom and Mary are never going to find what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary are much smarter than most people think they are.
Tom and Mary are much better singers now than they used to be.
Tom and Mary are lonely because they have no one to play with.
Tom and Mary are likely going to be hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are good at getting people to do things for them.
Tom and Mary are going to need more money than what they have.
Tom and Mary are going to have to deal with this on their own.
Tom and Mary are going to do everything they can to find John.
Tom and Mary are going to be very sorry if they don't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be really disappointed, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are fairly sure they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are afraid that they're about to lose everything.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what they said they'd do.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do what they promised to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what John asked them not to do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really want to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't really know what to do.
The police handcuffed Tom and Mary and read them their rights.
The only person Tom and Mary say they want to talk to is John.
Maybe Tom and Mary were really as busy as they said they were.
Let's see if Tom and Mary can manage to do that by themselves.
If Tom and Mary had asked me for help, I would've helped them.
If Tom and Mary can help John, why can't they help Alice, too?
If I'd seen Tom and Mary yesterday, I would've talked to them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary won't be very hungry when they get home.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I'm not convinced that Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. You haven't seen them, have you?
I wonder why Tom and Mary lied to us about when they did that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them to do.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really knew they should do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary will do with their old motorcycles.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they needed to do that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom and Mary told me what they'd done.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary said they were unhappy here.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they didn't come.
I told Tom and Mary that I never wanted to talk to them again.
I told Tom and Mary not to do that the way they were doing it.
I thought Tom and Mary would apologize to me, but they didn't.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves.
I think you should tell Tom and Mary that you don't like them.
I think we should tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
I think we should tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
I think we should let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary would be doing that now if they knew how.
I think Tom and Mary might get injured if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have already done what they needed to do.
I think Tom and Mary couldn't stop themselves from doing that.
I think Tom and Mary could get injured if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary could do that for John if they wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be tired when they get home.
I think I'll go see Tom and Mary and ask them what they think.
I think I'll go ahead and ask Tom and Mary if they'll join us.
I suppose Tom and Mary told you what time they plan to arrive.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
I need to talk to Tom and Mary about what they said they'd do.
I know Tom and Mary didn't do that when they were supposed to.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I know I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary they had to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary remembered to do what we asked them to do.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't sing as often as they used to.
I don't think we should leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they ought to do.
I didn't want to bother Tom and Mary while they were studying.
I didn't want Tom and Mary to do that, but they did it anyway.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be exhausted, but they were.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be doing that by themselves.
I didn't let Tom and Mary finish what they were trying to say.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would have to do that on their own.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to Boston by themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't at the party last night.
I asked Tom and Mary what happened, but they wouldn't tell me.
I asked Tom and Mary how much time they thought it would take.
How many sandwiches did Tom and Mary take to school with them?
How long did Tom and Mary say they planned on staying with us?
How do you know Tom and Mary didn't do what they say they did?
How did Tom and Mary know they were supposed to be here today?
Go wake Tom and Mary up and tell them that breakfast is ready.
Don't you think Tom and Mary could've done that by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary will do what we've asked them to do?
Do you still think Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can take care of themselves?
Do Tom and Mary know why John didn't invite them to his party?
Did Tom and Mary say who was going to help them fix their car?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they didn't need to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they didn't have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought it would be easy to do that?
Did Tom and Mary know that they were doing that the wrong way?
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you what they wanted for Christmas?
Are you certain that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
You've got to tell Tom and Mary they need to be here at 2:30.
You'd never forgive Tom and Mary if they did that, would you?
You told me Tom and Mary were sick in bed. Why are they here?
You should tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't leave early.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they don't need to do that.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to do that.
You knew Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that, didn't you?
You knew Tom and Mary said they going to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary why they hadn't done that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary if they'd like to do that, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to do that, didn't you?
Wouldn't it be better if Tom and Mary did that by themselves?
Why would Tom and Mary want to do that if they don't have to?
Why didn't you tell Tom and Mary that they needed to do that?
Who did Tom and Mary say was going to go to Boston with them?
Whenever Tom and Mary come to Boston, they stay at our place.
When Tom and Mary were in kindergarten, they lived in Boston.
What happens if Tom and Mary won't do what we ask them to do?
What do you think Tom and Mary did with the money they stole?
We'll probably never know why Tom and Mary killed themselves.
We need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't hurt themselves.
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they didn't need to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they didn't have to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me who they were planning to meet.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me who gave them those binoculars.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be crazy enough to do that, would they?
Tom and Mary would go to Boston with us if they had the time.
Tom and Mary wondered why they'd never seen John here before.
Tom and Mary wondered how much time they'd have to eat lunch.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John what they want him to do.
Tom and Mary won't know how to use it if you don't show them.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that unless John helps them.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John that they want his help.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary will probably get hurt if they do that that way.
Tom and Mary will probably finish what they're doing by 2:30.
Tom and Mary will probably be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary will help you as soon as they finish doing that.
Tom and Mary weren't willing to do what we wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary weren't aware that nobody was listening to them.
Tom and Mary weren't able to find what they were looking for.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do everything they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do everything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary were walking too fast for us catch up with them.
Tom and Mary were walking too fast for me catch up with them.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what had happened.
Tom and Mary were probably about thirteen when they did that.
Tom and Mary were lying when they said they didn't know John.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they said they did that.
Tom and Mary were in a difficult situation, so I helped them.
Tom and Mary were hoping they could persuade John to do that.
Tom and Mary were disappointed that they didn't win the race.
Tom and Mary were a very good skier when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary went out of their way to make John feel at home.
Tom and Mary went out drinking with their friends last night.
Tom and Mary wanted to know the reason John didn't like them.
Tom and Mary wanted me to tell John that they weren't coming.
Tom and Mary wanted John to understand why they had to leave.
Tom and Mary wanted John to meet them in front of the school.
Tom and Mary want to go to college, but they can't afford to.
Tom and Mary used to smile a lot, but they seldom do anymore.
Tom and Mary used to play the guitar better than they do now.
Tom and Mary used to like John, but now they can't stand him.
Tom and Mary understand French better than they can speak it.
Tom and Mary tried to reach the top shelf, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary tried to get John to do their homework for them.
Tom and Mary tried to do that again, but they couldn't do it.
Tom and Mary took a lot of pictures when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary took a lot of pictures when they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me yesterday that they'll do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they were looking forward to doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought it would be fun to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they planned to wait until Monday to go.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't study French in high school.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't really want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have much money in the bank.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't get enough sleep last night.
Tom and Mary told me that they won't tell John what happened.
Tom and Mary told me that they won't come to school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were planning to study abroad.
Tom and Mary told me that they were planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought it would rain all day.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be worried.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be jealous.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be furious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be curious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be careful.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be at home.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was undependable.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was disorganized.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was disappointed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was conservative.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was ambidextrous.
Tom and Mary told me that they forgot where they hid the key.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't want to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want him to do that again.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd never intended to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help him, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were in Boston last weekend.
Tom and Mary told John that they were happy that he did that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice would be late.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't sleepy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't scared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't lonely.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't hungry.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't asleep.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't afraid.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was surprised.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was skeptical.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was incorrect.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was impressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was depressed.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was conceited.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice had gone home.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice had done that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice could do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't want to study French.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think he'd been fair.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was well.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was lost.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was lazy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was home.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was busy.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have time to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't believe in astrology.
Tom and Mary told John I couldn't do that without their help.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary thought they wouldn't be able to do that for me.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be able to meet John.
Tom and Mary thought they might have to do that this morning.
Tom and Mary thought they might be required to do that today.
Tom and Mary thought the girl they saw in the park was Alice.
Tom and Mary thought John would want him to do that for them.
Tom and Mary thought John would probably refuse to help them.
Tom and Mary thought John lied to them about where he'd been.
Tom and Mary think they left them French textbooks at John's.
Tom and Mary think they know who John's favorite musician is.
Tom and Mary think they can probably take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary think that John will eat what they make for him.
Tom and Mary talked John into going to the concert with them.
Tom and Mary take their children to the park every afternoon.
Tom and Mary still have the knapsacks their father gave them.
Tom and Mary soon realized that they shouldn't be doing that.
Tom and Mary sold some of the potatoes they'd bought to John.
Tom and Mary showed me the pictures they took at the wedding.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they need to buy.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they'll never do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they don't like Alice.
Tom and Mary should be able to change the tire by themselves.
Tom and Mary seemed very surprised when I told them about it.
Tom and Mary seemed to be happy with the gift John gave them.
Tom and Mary seemed to be convinced that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them what I'd done.
Tom and Mary say you told them I wasn't going to go with you.
Tom and Mary say they've gotten used to eating hospital food.
Tom and Mary say they're sorry about what happened yesterday.
Tom and Mary say they're looking forward to coming to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they're having a lot of fun learning French.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that again if John wants them to.
Tom and Mary say they will do that whether it's legal or not.
Tom and Mary say they want to give you the chance to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be smart to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be expensive to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom and Mary say they saw John eating sandwiches in the park.
Tom and Mary say they know how difficult it'll be to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John can't speak French very well.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who's going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows when he should do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows when he has to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't insist on doing that.
Tom and Mary say they go jogging at least three times a week.
Tom and Mary say they forgot that they'd promised to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they have to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that right now.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would let you do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would let Alice drive.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really has to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really had to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know how to ski very well.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan on doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary say they don't care whether we help them or not.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John couldn't speak French.
Tom and Mary saw what they were looking for on the top shelf.
Tom and Mary said they've never been to a Chinese restaurant.
Tom and Mary said they're sure John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said they're quicker at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary said they're going to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Tom and Mary said they're glad you were able to go yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that for you if you ask them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to make it to our party tonight.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not go home until after 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they'd never want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me do that if I wanted them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to get home on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd be finished eating in a few minutes.
Tom and Mary said they'd be disappointed if we couldn't come.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't help, but John said he would.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be willing to do that for us.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be willing to do that for me.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be going anywhere else today.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able do that anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they would do their homework by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they won't be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't let John does that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they could speak French better.
Tom and Mary said they weren't used this kind of hot weather.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure they're ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to sell the family farm.
Tom and Mary said they weren't aware that John had done that.
Tom and Mary said they were too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were sorry that they couldn't help me.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping we could do that together.
Tom and Mary said they were going to talk to John about that.
Tom and Mary said they watched TV for three hours last night.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to get out of town for a while.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to finish what they were doing.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do everything by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy one of John's paintings.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to show them how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they should ask John to leave.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what had to be done.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what John had to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would be raining on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be dangerous.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be a mistake.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would a lot of fun.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't like to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be willing to wait.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his room studying.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in his room sleeping.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to get more sleep.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I needed to get more exercise.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Tom and Mary said they saw John spanking one of his children.
Tom and Mary said they saw John playing badminton with Alice.
Tom and Mary said they saw John and Alice kissing each other.
Tom and Mary said they regretted not following John's advice.
Tom and Mary said they never talked to the doctor about that.
Tom and Mary said they needed to spend a few weeks in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get rid of a bunch of stuff.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they needed to ask me a few more questions.
Tom and Mary said they needed three hundred thousand dollars.
Tom and Mary said they needed a day or two to think about it.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might need to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might have to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to help us today.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they weren't going to get fired.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they never had to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they could learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John could learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't want John to ever do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think it's necessary to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that alone.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John has to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John does that very often.
Tom and Mary said they don't know if John can do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to live like this anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to live in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to the park with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to Boston with John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to give any more speeches.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat the stew John made.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat at that restaurant.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they should say anything.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think doing that would be safe.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would do that today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John should've done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John did that very often.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John did that on purpose.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember asking you to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really want to talk about this.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really expect you to help them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't learn anything at school today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John didn't like them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John went to school.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to go to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to do that right now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the permission to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough money to buy a car.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have as much free time as John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any reason not to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like doing that right now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe you'd do that for them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe that actually happened.
Tom and Mary said they could probably do that in three hours.
Tom and Mary said they assumed John wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they arrived a few minutes before John did.
Tom and Mary said they aren't used this kind of cold weather.
Tom and Mary said that they're looking forward to seeing you.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't living in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were planning to be here by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that we could be there.
Tom and Mary said that they really did do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said that they don't really want that to happen.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really feel like laughing.
Tom and Mary said that they did their homework by themselves.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't sleep at all last night.
Tom and Mary said that John's complaining didn't bother them.
Tom and Mary said John would probably go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me where they'd put my car keys.
Tom and Mary readily promised to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary promised to do everything they could to help me.
Tom and Mary promised themselves they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary promised John they'd help him with his homework.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd meet him after school.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd come home early today.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably shouldn't tell John that they did that.
Tom and Mary probably shouldn't have bought what they bought.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they're supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they shouldn't do that here.
Tom and Mary probably don't know that John doesn't like them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know exactly what they should do.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't know how to open the safe.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't hear John's question.
Tom and Mary practiced their speeches in front of the mirror.
Tom and Mary planned to visit John the first chance they got.
Tom and Mary plan to come back to Boston after they graduate.
Tom and Mary often eat popcorn when they're watching a movie.
Tom and Mary never wanted to give up, but they had no choice.
Tom and Mary never wanted to do anything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary never told anyone where they hid the gold coins.
Tom and Mary must've had some reason for doing what they did.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten that they'd already done that.
Tom and Mary must think they don't need to help John anymore.
Tom and Mary met many other artists when they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary may not have enough money to buy what they want.
Tom and Mary may not have enough money to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary may not be as busy today as they were yesterday.
Tom and Mary may do whatever they like with what I gave them.
Tom and Mary made it quite clear what they expected us to do.
Tom and Mary lost their tempers and threw their cups at John.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't in a hurry to get home.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary learned French while they were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary laughed before they realized John wasn't joking.
Tom and Mary know you didn't eat the cake they baked for you.
Tom and Mary know they should've been able to do that better.
Tom and Mary knew they should've been able to do that better.
Tom and Mary knew that John didn't want to be seen with them.
Tom and Mary knew more about what happened than they told us.
Tom and Mary just found out that they have to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary introduced their stepson to John's stepdaughter.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they're supposed to do yet.
Tom and Mary haven't been doing that as often as they should.
Tom and Mary have told you about what happened, haven't they?
Tom and Mary have told John that they're required to do that.
Tom and Mary have to decide where they want to go to college.
Tom and Mary have some things they need to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary have never gone mountain climbing by themselves.
Tom and Mary have managed to do everything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary have enough time to do that before they go home.
Tom and Mary have cars, but they don't drive them very often.
Tom and Mary have been told that they're required to do that.
Tom and Mary have been living in Boston since they were kids.
Tom and Mary have been fired from every job they've ever had.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they want him to do.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they need him to do.
Tom and Mary have already bought what John asked them to buy.
Tom and Mary have already bought everything they need to buy.
Tom and Mary had to borrow money from John to pay their rent.
Tom and Mary had something they needed to talk to John about.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy what they wanted to buy.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy what they needed to buy.
Tom and Mary got to the station just in time for their train.
Tom and Mary found that they actually liked working for John.
Tom and Mary found John's umbrella in the trunk of their car.
Tom and Mary explained to us why they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary enjoyed the time they spent in Boston with John.
Tom and Mary dropped everything they were doing to help John.
Tom and Mary don't think they're going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think they could do that without our help.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be doing what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be doing what they're supposed to.
Tom and Mary don't remember their parents ever spanking them.
Tom and Mary don't need to do that. John will do it for them.
Tom and Mary don't like to do that, but they'll do it anyway.
Tom and Mary don't know why John didn't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that. John will do it for them.
Tom and Mary don't have to do anything they don't want to do.
Tom and Mary don't have their parents' permission to do that.
Tom and Mary don't do that as well as they should be able to.
Tom and Mary didn't want me to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary didn't understand what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't think I'd notice that they weren't there.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they didn't have time to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they wanted to quit their jobs.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John that they couldn't eat peanuts.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be enjoying themselves very much.
Tom and Mary didn't say what they did that made you so angry.
Tom and Mary didn't say anything about where they were going.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to do that today.
Tom and Mary didn't know that what they were doing was wrong.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were doing anything wrong.
Tom and Mary didn't know if they'd be able to do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know how long they were supposed to wait.
Tom and Mary didn't know how long John expected them to wait.
Tom and Mary didn't know John thought they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary didn't even try to pretend that they liked John.
Tom and Mary did that much better the third time they did it.
Tom and Mary did that even though they knew it was dangerous.
Tom and Mary did fairly well on the test they took yesterday.
Tom and Mary did everything they possibly could to help John.
Tom and Mary decided to learn all they could about computers.
Tom and Mary decided that they didn't really like doing that.
Tom and Mary decided not to tell John that they were leaving.
Tom and Mary cried themselves to sleep every night last week.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember where they'd buried the money.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember what John had told them to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't get John to tell them his phone number.
Tom and Mary couldn't do it, so they asked John to help them.
Tom and Mary couldn't afford to buy the bicycles they wanted.
Tom and Mary could've stopped doing that if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary could've done that for John if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary claim they didn't know that was going to happen.
Tom and Mary certainly didn't say what you thought they said.
Tom and Mary can't read music, so they play the piano by ear.
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. Could you please help them?
Tom and Mary called to say they weren't coming to work today.
Tom and Mary called me to tell me that they have a flat tire.
Tom and Mary bet John thirty dollars that they could do that.
Tom and Mary assured John that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary asked us if we'd like to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary asked me to go to Boston with them next weekend.
Tom and Mary asked me for more money than they really needed.
Tom and Mary asked if it would be dangerous if they did that.
Tom and Mary asked if it would be all right if they did that.
Tom and Mary asked if I wanted them to cook something for me.
Tom and Mary asked John if he would mind doing that for them.
Tom and Mary aren't yet quite sure what they should be doing.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to allow John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that because John told them not to.
Tom and Mary aren't as tempted to do that as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as sure of themselves as they used to be.
Tom and Mary aren't as good at French as they think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as busy this week as they were last week.
Tom and Mary are worried that something might happen to them.
Tom and Mary are upset with John because he didn't help them.
Tom and Mary are saving up money so they can go to Australia.
Tom and Mary are probably not going to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are probably not as young as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably not as smart as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably not as happy as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they'll do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get fined if they do that.
Tom and Mary are playing soccer with their friends somewhere.
Tom and Mary are old enough to do that on their own, I think.
Tom and Mary are now richer than they ever thought they'd be.
Tom and Mary are much richer than most people think they are.
Tom and Mary are lucky that they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are likely to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are going to sing that new song they just wrote.
Tom and Mary are going to miss the train if they don't hurry.
Tom and Mary are going to love the presents you got for them.
Tom and Mary are going to be in Boston all week, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are always getting people to do things for them.
Tom and Mary are already old enough to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary apparently went to the lighthouse by themselves.
Tom and Mary answered all the questions that John asked them.
Tom and Mary always carry cameras with them wherever they go.
Tom and Mary admitted they'd been doing that for a long time.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what John told them not to do.
There's no way Tom and Mary could've done this by themselves.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were wearing blue caps.
Tell Tom and Mary that when they're finished, they can leave.
Tell Tom and Mary I need to talk to them as soon as possible.
Since Tom and Mary are sick, I'm sure they won't go swimming.
Please tell Tom and Mary that I don't want to see them again.
Please make sure Tom and Mary do what they're supposed to do.
Maybe we should ask Tom and Mary if they want this old piano.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that anymore.
Make sure Tom and Mary know when they're supposed to be here.
It's entirely up to Tom and Mary whether they do that or not.
It looks like Tom and Mary were able to get what they wanted.
If Tom and Mary finds out what John did, they won't be happy.
If Tom and Mary could speak French, I'd hire them right away.
If Tom and Mary aren't careful, they're going to get injured.
I've looked all over for Tom and Mary, but I can't find them.
I've already told Tom and Mary they can't go to John's party.
I'm sure Tom and Mary would appreciate any help they can get.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be very hungry when they get home.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves.
I'll ask Tom and Mary that question the next time I see them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary lied to us about where they'd been.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them to do.
I wish Tom and Mary wouldn't go out after dark by themselves.
I wish Tom and Mary would give me back the money they owe me.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they couldn't do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they should do that.
I was the one who told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I wanted to ask Tom and Mary why they'd never gotten married.
I waited for Tom and Mary all afternoon, but they never came.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do that unless they helped me.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to teach me how to do that.
I told Tom and Mary I could do whatever they wanted me to do.
I thought Tom and Mary wouldn't like the book John gave them.
I thought Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to get here.
I think you should tell Tom and Mary why you don't like them.
I think Tom and Mary would've stayed longer if they could've.
I think Tom and Mary would've helped us if they'd been there.
I think Tom and Mary would do anything to get what they want.
I think Tom and Mary won't be as mad as you think they'll be.
I think Tom and Mary should be able to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary might not want to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary might get killed if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary may be able to do that if you help them.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that faster by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary aren't sure that's what they need to do.
I think Tom and Mary aren't sure that's what they have to do.
I think I'll go visit Tom and Mary and see how they're doing.
I suppose Tom and Mary might not do what we asked them to do.
I should've never let Tom and Mary go swimming by themselves.
I should've asked Tom and Mary why they didn't leave earlier.
I never told Tom and Mary I wanted to go to Boston with them.
I never even got a chance to ask Tom and Mary if they'd help.
I intend to phone Tom and Mary tomorrow and ask them to help.
I hope that Tom and Mary like the presents I bought for them.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what John asked them not to do.
I heard Tom and Mary bragging about how much money they made.
I haven't heard from Tom and Mary since they moved to Boston.
I expect that Tom and Mary won't do what you want them to do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary will be punished for what they did.
I don't want to interrupt Tom and Mary while they're working.
I don't want to bother Tom and Mary while they were studying.
I don't want Tom and Mary to go out after dark by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary like you as much as you like them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John wants them to leave.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're going to do yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John expects them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that what they did was wrong.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever done that by themselves.
I don't know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would go to Boston by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be confused, but they were.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary anything they didn't already know.
I didn't notice that Tom and Mary were sitting by themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary to come yesterday, but they didn't come.
I asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to go to a movie with me.
I almost told Tom and Mary what you told me not to tell them.
How did Tom and Mary persuade John to go to Boston with them?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to help them do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary can really take care of themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Do you have any pictures of Tom and Mary when they were kids?
Did you ask Tom and Mary who helped them with their homework?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they could do that by themselves?
Did Tom and Mary tell you they asked John to babysit tonight?
Did Tom and Mary say how they were planning to get to Boston?
You shouldn't laugh at Tom and Mary when they make mistakes.
You should've told Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
You seem convinced that Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
You asked Tom and Mary to do that by themselves, didn't you?
Who did Tom and Mary think would want to go there with them?
When Tom and Mary first told me that, I didn't believe them.
What happened to Tom and Mary? I haven't seen them recently.
We need to make sure Tom and Mary have everything they need.
We need to find out where Tom and Mary want us to meet them.
We have to get Tom and Mary someplace where they'll be safe.
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they shouldn't leave early?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they don't have to do that?
Tom and Mary's father doesn't allow them to go out at night.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be happy if we forced them to do that.
Tom and Mary would've done that if they'd had the chance to.
Tom and Mary would've done that if John hadn't stopped them.
Tom and Mary would be surprised if they saw John doing that.
Tom and Mary wondered what to do with the wallet they found.
Tom and Mary wondered what John was going to ask them to do.
Tom and Mary wondered how long they'd have to wait for John.
Tom and Mary won't tell anyone where they were last weekend.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary won't go to sleep unless you read them a story.
Tom and Mary wish that they could be better French speakers.
Tom and Mary will very likely be punished for what they did.
Tom and Mary will unlikely be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably be very tired when they get home.
Tom and Mary will probably be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't willing to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary weren't thirsty, so they didn't drink anything.
Tom and Mary weren't there for me when I really needed them.
Tom and Mary weren't surprised when they saw John in Boston.
Tom and Mary weren't interested in talking about themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't able to tell John how they really felt.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do that until they were thirty.
Tom and Mary were walking too fast for me keep up with them.
Tom and Mary were unwilling to do what we wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary were absent from school because they were sick.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them clean the living room.
Tom and Mary usually only wear glasses when they're reading.
Tom and Mary tried to stay awake, but they soon fell asleep.
Tom and Mary tried to catch up with John, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary took off their jackets and handed them to John.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't want to play poker with us.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't want to eat anything spicy.
Tom and Mary told me yesterday that they'd do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me why they wanted me to do that for them.
Tom and Mary told me why they wanted me to do that for John.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't take up much of our time.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be able to help me today.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to retire next year.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to go home early today.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought it would be OK to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they have a few things to take care of.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to spend time in jail.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't take French in high school.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have as much money as John.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have any friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't wait to get out of there.
Tom and Mary told me that they're grateful for all our help.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd like to visit us in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be scared.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was trustworthy.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was sympathetic.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was interesting.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was intelligent.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was incompetent.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was embarrassed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was discouraged.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was a good cook.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been unfair.
Tom and Mary told me that they forgot all about the meeting.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't expect that to happen.
Tom and Mary told me later that they weren't really married.
Tom and Mary told John they'd never eat anything Alice made.
Tom and Mary told John they'd never do anything to hurt him.
Tom and Mary told John they were going to eat lunch at home.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary told John they knew how to eat with chopsticks.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want him to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd been waiting a long time.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd been miserable in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they were in Boston last Monday.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to be home late.
Tom and Mary told John that they were determined to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were be obliged to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't tired.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't ready.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't happy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't broke.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't bored.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't awake.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't angry.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't alone.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was upstairs.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was stubborn.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was prepared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was mistaken.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was innocent.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was impolite.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was creative.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was confused.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was annoying.
Tom and Mary told John that they had a lot of fun in Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they had a long talk with Alice.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't want him to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was mad.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was fat.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have to do anything.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have anything to do.
Tom and Mary told John that he didn't have to wait for them.
Tom and Mary told John that Alice was a good friend of them.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to get higher salaries.
Tom and Mary thought they might not need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary thought they might not have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might be allowed to do that today.
Tom and Mary thought John would be awake when they got home.
Tom and Mary thought John was going to tell them what to do.
Tom and Mary thanked John for letting them use his computer.
Tom and Mary stopped for something to eat on their way home.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they want to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they need to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they have to do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't done what we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary still haven't done what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary still have a lot to do before they can go home.
Tom and Mary stayed home from school because they were sick.
Tom and Mary spent the money their father gave them on beer.
Tom and Mary signed the papers that John asked them to sign.
Tom and Mary showed me the money they found on the sidewalk.
Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John they don't like their jobs.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have been doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary should've lied to John about where they'd been.
Tom and Mary should've asked John to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they want him to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they want to do.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what they need to do.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they want to do that.
Tom and Mary should do that the way John told them to do it.
Tom and Mary seemed to be unaware of what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary say they've been thinking about what John said.
Tom and Mary say they're sorry that they caused you trouble.
Tom and Mary say they're going to wait and see what happens.
Tom and Mary say they're going to try to help you find John.
Tom and Mary say they're considering dropping out of school.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that whether you like it or not.
Tom and Mary say they'd prefer to talk about something else.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be wise to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be safe to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might not be easy to do that.
Tom and Mary say they still don't have everything they need.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows why he has to do that.
Tom and Mary say they heard that John wanted to change jobs.
Tom and Mary say they haven't had nightmares in a long time.
Tom and Mary say they go jogging three or four times a week.
Tom and Mary say they feel much better today than yesterday.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that just now.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would really do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John does that very often.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember asking John to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John doesn't like them.
Tom and Mary say they don't know who John wants to help him.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John was going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to go sailing.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John helped Alice do that.
Tom and Mary say that they'd be willing to do that for free.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't study at all for the test.
Tom and Mary said they've talked to John about that already.
Tom and Mary said they've been waiting for over three hours.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked not to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they've always been pretty good at sports.
Tom and Mary said they've already talked to John about that.
Tom and Mary said they're ready to do whatever is necessary.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John can do that.
Tom and Mary said they're faster at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary said they're better at doing that than John is.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they'd never try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to be at their party.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for me if I wanted them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back before the end of the week.
Tom and Mary said they'd be afraid to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do what I wanted them to do.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that, so I asked John to.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that again, but they did.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't buy any of John's paintings.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be allowed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't allow me to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished John wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished John would eat healthier food.
Tom and Mary said they weren't permitted to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in the mood to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to wait for permission.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting any help from John.
Tom and Mary said they were waiting for something to happen.
Tom and Mary said they were too old to go mountain climbing.
Tom and Mary said they were sure that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they were looking for a guy wearing a hat.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping we could travel together.
Tom and Mary said they were going to permit John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that you did that for them.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that you did that for John.
Tom and Mary said they were afraid to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to visit John in the hospital.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go to Boston to visit John.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to ask me a personal question.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to teach them how to drive.
Tom and Mary said they tried to help John with his homework.
Tom and Mary said they thought you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they thought they wouldn't be able to win.
Tom and Mary said they thought they were too old to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would likely not happen.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would forget to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was unlikely to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John needed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John had finished doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that soon.
Tom and Mary said they suspected that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they saw John in the park just after 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they planned on staying until next Monday.
Tom and Mary said they needed money to buy something to eat.
Tom and Mary said they might walk home from school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they knew why John wasn't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John wouldn't win the race.
Tom and Mary said they just wanted to buy something cheaper.
Tom and Mary said they have a lot of homework to do tonight.
Tom and Mary said they had to go to the dentist's on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to tell John.
Tom and Mary said they don't know where John parked the car.
Tom and Mary said they don't have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to watch TV this evening.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go swimming with John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat leftovers anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do anything with John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to buy anything for John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ask John to help them.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to allow John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think we should be doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could ever do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think the smell bothered John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think the noise bothered John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think that would happen today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would've done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had ever done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John could've done that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John could speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember asking me to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how old they were.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when the meeting started.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know any other way to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John wasn't able to swim.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John was able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to go to school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have much teaching experience.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any friends to play with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't even want to think about that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care whether we stayed or not.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't find a decent place to live.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary said they assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't used this kind of hot weather.
Tom and Mary said they I thought I should do that by myself.
Tom and Mary said that wasn't the real reason they did that.
Tom and Mary said that they're supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said that they'd never formally studied French.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't studying French anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they were very interested in archery.
Tom and Mary said that they were very determined to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were the ones who had done that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary said that they were going camping next weekend.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was getting hungry.
Tom and Mary said that they simply couldn't wait any longer.
Tom and Mary said that they might not be at school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think John could do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really like staying here.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really intend to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know anything about that.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't wait to see John again.
Tom and Mary said that their new jobs were very interesting.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't the first time they'd done that.
Tom and Mary said John was asleep by the time they got home.
Tom and Mary really don't want to tell John where they were.
Tom and Mary read books while they were waiting for the bus.
Tom and Mary promised themselves they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't be late anymore.
Tom and Mary promised John that they wouldn't drink anymore.
Tom and Mary promised John that they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary probably won't be able to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary probably shouldn't tell John why they did that.
Tom and Mary probably shouldn't tell John how they did that.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John is scared of them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John is afraid of them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they have to do that today.
Tom and Mary probably don't know how much time they'll need.
Tom and Mary practice speaking French every chance they get.
Tom and Mary overslept and missed the bus they usually ride.
Tom and Mary often drank chocolate milk when they were kids.
Tom and Mary need to stay in bed if they want to recuperate.
Tom and Mary need to find an apartment near where they work.
Tom and Mary moved over so that John could sit next to them.
Tom and Mary might even be richer than we thought they were.
Tom and Mary may have said that, but I don't think they did.
Tom and Mary may forget to do that if you don't remind them.
Tom and Mary made it plain that they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want to help us.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want to be here.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't in a hurry to do that.
Tom and Mary live near us, but we don't see them very often.
Tom and Mary like to listen to music while they're studying.
Tom and Mary let John knows they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary let John knows that they were going to do that.
Tom and Mary left their suitcases in the trunk of their car.
Tom and Mary know they're not supposed to help John do that.
Tom and Mary knew they weren't likely to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd be able to do that eventually.
Tom and Mary knew more about what happened than they let on.
Tom and Mary invited us to their party, but we're not going.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to the rest of the class.
Tom and Mary haven't yet realized that they've made mistake.
Tom and Mary have told John that they don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary have told John that they don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary have to do that even though they don't want to.
Tom and Mary have refused to do what we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have promised that they'll never be late again.
Tom and Mary have no intention of going there by themselves.
Tom and Mary have finally done what they promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary have been waiting for John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary have been told that they don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary have been told that they don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary have been speaking French since they were kids.
Tom and Mary have been living by themselves for three years.
Tom and Mary have a car, but they don't drive it very often.
Tom and Mary had to do that even though they didn't want to.
Tom and Mary had to admit to themselves that John was right.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they wanted.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary got their first chance to do that this morning.
Tom and Mary got back home sooner than I thought they would.
Tom and Mary gave away most of their money before they died.
Tom and Mary freaked out when they heard what John had done.
Tom and Mary entered the room and shut the door behind them.
Tom and Mary drank a lot of coffee so they could stay awake.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that, but they have no choice.
Tom and Mary don't think they can stop John from doing that.
Tom and Mary don't think John really could do that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't think John can stop them from doing that.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be enjoying themselves very much.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be aware of what they need to do.
Tom and Mary don't seem convinced that they need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't seem convinced that they have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't really think that John did that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't really think John could do that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't like their friends.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they need to do that or not.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they have to do that or not.
Tom and Mary don't know what they're gotten themselves into.
Tom and Mary don't know what they did to make John so angry.
Tom and Mary don't know if they have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary don't have many photos of themselves as babies.
Tom and Mary don't have any idea what John wants them to do.
Tom and Mary don't enjoy doing that as much as they used to.
Tom and Mary didn't want to stop doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary didn't want to spend as much money as they did.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they had no choice.
Tom and Mary didn't want to come here, but they came anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't wake me up at 6:30 like I asked them to.
Tom and Mary didn't think they'd ever get used to Thai food.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would permit them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone why they had gone to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they wouldn't be at his party.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they didn't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to remember what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know who they needed to talk to.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be aware of what they had to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem convinced that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't like sushi the first time they tried it.
Tom and Mary didn't learn how to do that from their parents.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they should do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they needed do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they had to do that or not.
Tom and Mary didn't know when they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they no longer needed to help John.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary didn't know that John expected them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know how long they should wait for John.
Tom and Mary didn't have to go there if they didn't want to.
Tom and Mary didn't have to eat that if they didn't want to.
Tom and Mary didn't have to do that, but they did it anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't have bicycles when they were growing up.
Tom and Mary didn't have a dog the last time I visited them.
Tom and Mary didn't feel well, but they went to work anyway.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as well as I thought they would.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as soon as I thought they would.
Tom and Mary didn't call John like they promised they would.
Tom and Mary did better today than they're ever done before.
Tom and Mary decided that they'd never try doing that again.
Tom and Mary couldn't have done that by themselves, I think.
Tom and Mary couldn't get the tickets you asked them to buy.
Tom and Mary could've stayed home today if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary could be planning on going there by themselves.
Tom and Mary confessed that they'd eaten all of the cookies.
Tom and Mary climbed up the ladder as quickly as they could.
Tom and Mary can't really be as rich as people say they are.
Tom and Mary can't really be as mean as people say they are.
Tom and Mary can't play tennis as well as they say they can.
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. I hope John can help them.
Tom and Mary can't be in Boston. I just saw them in Chicago.
Tom and Mary can take a couple of weeks off if they need to.
Tom and Mary can speak French better than you think they do.
Tom and Mary called John every bad name they could think of.
Tom and Mary asked their father to help them make a snowman.
Tom and Mary asked me if I would help them move their piano.
Tom and Mary asked me if I wanted to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary asked John what they should bring to the party.
Tom and Mary asked John to teach them how to play the flute.
Tom and Mary asked John to help them, but he didn't want to.
Tom and Mary aren't willing to do that unless you help them.
Tom and Mary aren't really planning on doing that, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't really going out in this rain, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't likely to find what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary aren't going to go to Boston with us, are they?
Tom and Mary aren't doing what they're supposed to be doing.
Tom and Mary aren't as good at French as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are very sure they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are too young to go out by themselves at night.
Tom and Mary are the ones responsible for this, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are sure that they'll be able to pass the test.
Tom and Mary are struggling to pay back their student loans.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary are probably not as rich as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably not as busy as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably going to get hurt if they do that.
Tom and Mary are pretty sure that they'll pass today's exam.
Tom and Mary are lucky that so many people have helped them.
Tom and Mary are happier than I've seen them in a long time.
Tom and Mary are going to try to convince John to help them.
Tom and Mary are going to love the present you got for them.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that all by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to do everything they're asked to do.
Tom and Mary are going to be very sorry they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are going to be very happy they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be punished if they do that again.
Tom and Mary are going to be in their offices all afternoon.
Tom and Mary are going to be arrested if they do that again.
Tom and Mary are confident they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary already told me they don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what we asked them not to do.
Tom and Mary admitted they did what they promised not to do.
There's no way Tom and Mary will ever do that by themselves.
There were a lot of things Tom and Mary said they had to do.
The reason Tom and Mary aren't here is because they're sick.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to get that done by 2:30.
Maybe you ought to let Tom and Mary do what they want to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they ought to do.
It's way past the time Tom and Mary promised they'd be here.
It was hard for Tom and Mary to admit that they needed help.
If Tom and Mary say that they want to do that, ask them why.
If Tom and Mary really had wanted to do that, they would've.
If Tom and Mary had really wanted to do that, they would've.
I'm sure Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that by themselves.
I'm sure Tom and Mary wouldn't be forgiven if they did that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will do anything John asks them to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary did that while they were drunk.
I'll talk it over with Tom and Mary and see what they think.
I'll ask Tom and Mary if we can borrow some money from them.
I'd like to go to Tom and Mary's apartment and talk to them.
I would've hugged Tom and Mary if I'd thought they'd let me.
I wonder why Tom and Mary lied to us about what they'd done.
I wonder if Tom and Mary were able to do that by themselves.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really want us to do that for them.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really thought they had to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really need us to do that for them.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really knew they needed to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really did what they said they did.
I wish I'd done what Tom and Mary said they wanted me to do.
I wish I hadn't suggested to Tom and Mary that they do that.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom and Mary I'd help them do that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me why they did that.
I wanted Tom and Mary to stay longer, but they had to leave.
I told Tom and Mary they had only thirty minutes to do that.
I told Tom and Mary that they should speak to you in French.
I told Tom and Mary that I wanted to go to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary not to let go of the rope, but they did.
I told Tom and Mary I didn't want to go to Boston with them.
I thought Tom and Mary wouldn't enjoy camping by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary said they didn't want to get married.
I thought Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to do that.
I think you should tell Tom and Mary what they want to know.
I think we shouldn't let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
I think one of us ought to ask Tom and Mary what they think.
I think Tom and Mary would've helped us if they'd been here.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary went into the woods to kill themselves.
I think Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John that they did that.
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they really wanted to.
I think Tom and Mary could be teachers if they wanted to be.
I saw Tom and Mary at the party, but I didn't speak to them.
I know Tom and Mary have enough money to buy what they want.
I know Tom and Mary didn't leave when they were supposed to.
I hope that Tom and Mary like the present I bought for them.
I hope Tom and Mary won't wait too long before they do that.
I hope Tom and Mary know they have to do that before Monday.
I hope Tom and Mary have enough money to buy what they need.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them not to do.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what John told them not to do.
I forgot to tell Tom and Mary what they were supposed to do.
I forgot to remind Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary will do what we asked them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary will be doing that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John wants them to buy.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they shouldn't do that here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that John doesn't like them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I think they're stupid.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what they should do.
I don't think Tom and Mary could do that even if they tried.
I didn't wake Tom and Mary up at 6:30 like they asked me to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would go to Boston by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary until John introduced them to me.
I couldn't help Tom and Mary do what they were trying to do.
I asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to go to Boston with me.
How much time did it take Tom and Mary to clean their rooms?
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary did that by themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary would like me to do that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary can still take care of themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary like the gifts I gave them?
Do you know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to do that?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be in Boston all summer?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can do that by themselves?
Did you tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't be doing that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we didn't need to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we didn't have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think we needed to do that?
Did Tom and Mary really want John to go to Boston with them?
As soon as Tom and Mary finished eating, they left for work.
Are you sure Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did?
Are you sure Tom and Mary didn't do what John said they did?
Are you going to give Tom and Mary the money they asked for?
Are Tom and Mary wearing the new shirts you bought for them?
You should've told Tom and Mary why they needed to do that.
You should tell Tom and Mary that you want them to do that.
You should talk to Tom and Mary and tell them how you feel.
You gave Tom and Mary the money they asked for, didn't you?
You asked Tom and Mary why they had to do that, didn't you?
Yesterday, Tom and Mary told me they couldn't speak French.
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary what they're planning to do?
When Tom and Mary get back, tell them to come to my office.
What would've happened to Tom and Mary if they'd done that?
What time did Tom and Mary say they were going to get here?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to take a break?
We're not entirely sure why Tom and Mary did what they did.
We simply can't just leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
We have no plans to replace Tom and Mary after they retire.
Tom's and Mary's doctors advised them to get more exercise.
Tom and Mary's kids were here a while ago looking for them.
Tom and Mary write everything down so they won't forget it.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me where they'd put my car keys.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell John why they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have sung if we hadn't asked them to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that if they hadn't had to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do something like that by themselves.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be doing that if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary would've done that if they'd really wanted to.
Tom and Mary would be disappointed if they saw you do that.
Tom and Mary wondered why John didn't want to talk to them.
Tom and Mary wondered how much time they'd have to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to move the piano by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that unless you help them.
Tom and Mary woke up a little earlier than they usually do.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John quit doing that.
Tom and Mary wished that they knew John's telephone number.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they want to eat.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they want to buy.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they need to buy.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they'll never do that.
Tom and Mary will likely be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary will do that for you if you ask them politely.
Tom and Mary will be in prison for the rest of their lives.
Tom and Mary will ask John to do that for them, won't they?
Tom and Mary weren't convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do anything they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do anything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary were wearing black hats when I first met them.
Tom and Mary were unwilling to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary were told not to try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary were sitting all by themselves at the counter.
Tom and Mary were shocked when they saw John kissing Alice.
Tom and Mary were pretty good singers when they were young.
Tom and Mary were having trouble, so I agreed to help them.
Tom and Mary were going to ask John to eat lunch with them.
Tom and Mary were fortunate that they were able to do that.
Tom and Mary were fatter three years ago than they are now.
Tom and Mary were convinced that they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary were afraid to go into the cave by themselves.
Tom and Mary went back to their car to get their umbrellas.
Tom and Mary wanted to leave, but I persuaded them to stay.
Tom and Mary wanted to know if they can come over and play.
Tom and Mary wanted to explain, but John wouldn't let them.
Tom and Mary wanted the rest of the money that I owed them.
Tom and Mary wanted me to give them enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary wanted John to know that they didn't hate him.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them clean out the garage.
Tom and Mary want to make sure that doesn't happen to them.
Tom and Mary want to know how they can lose weight quickly.
Tom and Mary usually watch CNN while they're eating dinner.
Tom and Mary used to play the piano when they were younger.
Tom and Mary used to play lacrosse, but they don't anymore.
Tom and Mary used to do that, but they don't do it anymore.
Tom and Mary used to do that when they were in high school.
Tom and Mary tried to persuade John to come to their party.
Tom and Mary tried to get John to go to the park with them.
Tom and Mary told us the reason why they didn't want to go.
Tom and Mary told me they'd studied French for three years.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't going to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they had an old computer I could have.
Tom and Mary told me they don't want to spend time in jail.
Tom and Mary told me they already knew they had to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'll be in Boston next Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd drive John to the airport.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be upset.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be early.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be angry.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be alone.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was unemployed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was suspicious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was prejudiced.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was overweight.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was interested.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was frustrated.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was frightened.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was downstairs.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was dependable.
Tom and Mary told me that they finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary told me that they enjoy hanging out with John.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't want to do that again.
Tom and Mary told me that they could get us what we wanted.
Tom and Mary told John why they didn't want him to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't let him go by himself.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't go to Boston with him.
Tom and Mary told John they thought it was time to go home.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd go to Boston in October.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they told Alice not to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought you could do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't well.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't nice.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't lost.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't lazy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't home.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't done.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't cute.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't busy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was worried.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unlucky.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was unhappy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was thirsty.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was sincere.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was retired.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was outside.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was nervous.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was married.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was jealous.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was healthy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was furious.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was excited.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was correct.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was at home.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't think Alice was up.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be required to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they might be coming down with a cold.
Tom and Mary thought John would likely come to their party.
Tom and Mary think there's a good chance they'll find John.
Tom and Mary tell me you're better at French than they are.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary still don't look like they're having much fun.
Tom and Mary started crying when their father spanked them.
Tom and Mary spend a lot of money on things they never use.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have tried to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary shouldn't do that kind of thing by themselves.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way John told them to.
Tom and Mary should tell John they want to quit their jobs.
Tom and Mary should tell John they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John to do that for them.
Tom and Mary say they've climbed this mountain three times.
Tom and Mary say they're going to need a little more money.
Tom and Mary say they'll do whatever they can to help John.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that whether it's legal or not.
Tom and Mary say they'll be sticking around for a few days.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that unless John helps them.
Tom and Mary say they understand why John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think they can do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they think it would be foolish to do that.
Tom and Mary say they think Boston is a good place to live.
Tom and Mary say they never lie to John, but they often do.
Tom and Mary say they need to talk to John about something.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't pass his French test.
Tom and Mary say they just couldn't permit John to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't want them to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't tell them to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they heard John was pretty good at French.
Tom and Mary say they have three other suggestions to make.
Tom and Mary say they don't think it's possible to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember asking you to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have time to do that right now.
Tom and Mary say they don't have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like doing that right now.
Tom and Mary say they don't care whether we do that or not.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wasn't able to swim.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to eat pizza.
Tom and Mary say it don't matter to them if John does that.
Tom and Mary say if John doesn't do that, they'll be angry.
Tom and Mary saw some guy they didn't know talking to John.
Tom and Mary saw John looking at them from across the room.
Tom and Mary said we could ask them any questions we liked.
Tom and Mary said they've only done that about three times.
Tom and Mary said they've always been interested in sports.
Tom and Mary said they're thinking about taking a vacation.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they're planning to stay at home all day.
Tom and Mary said they're looking forward to visiting John.
Tom and Mary said they're looking forward to being retired.
Tom and Mary said they're glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that for us if we ask them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd never try to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary said they'd never go to that restaurant again.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to go back to Boston someday.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me figure out how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be going back to Boston on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that in a few hours.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do what I asked them to do.
Tom and Mary said they would've done that if they could've.
Tom and Mary said they won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't let John do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't argued with John.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure what John wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to be at John's party.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to Boston next summer.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting any help from you.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting John to help them.
Tom and Mary said they were working on something important.
Tom and Mary said they were trying to figure something out.
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they were too drunk to help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they were pretty sure that you'd do that.
Tom and Mary said they were present at yesterday's meeting.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they were going to allow John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to spend more time with John.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to see if they could do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to see if John could do that.
Tom and Mary said they want to do everything by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help John.
Tom and Mary said they thought they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought that they might be able win.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that wouldn't be safe.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't do that today.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would unlikely do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would probably do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be in his office.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was too old to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John could probably do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they think John won't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they think John can't eat dairy products.
Tom and Mary said they think John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said they remember asking John not to do that.
Tom and Mary said they regretted their decision to do that.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't be busy on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they need to do that as soon as possible.
Tom and Mary said they might go to Boston in a week or two.
Tom and Mary said they may stay in Boston for a few months.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that the hard way.
Tom and Mary said they knew we wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped that John would be here today.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would do that right away.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't be late again today.
Tom and Mary said they hope John tries his best to do that.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to ask John.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to get home on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John will do that again.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't plan to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to study French anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to sing with us anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to Boston with me.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to force you to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that without John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to help them do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't understand why John did that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think that actually happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John knew how to drive.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how old John was.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John went to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John was doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John could speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't intend to ever do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to stay in the hospital.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that until Monday.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the strength to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the patience to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything they had to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea where John was.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a driver's licenses yet.
Tom and Mary said they didn't blame John for what happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe that really happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John really did that.
Tom and Mary said they could swim at least as well as John.
Tom and Mary said they asked themselves that same question.
Tom and Mary said there's nothing they can do to help John.
Tom and Mary said that was the first time they'd done that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they were very reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad they did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really glad John did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really anxious to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted me to give this to John.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was getting tired.
Tom and Mary said that they thought Boston was a safe city.
Tom and Mary said that they knew they weren't going to win.
Tom and Mary said that they knew John was going to be late.
Tom and Mary said that they had a lot of fun at your party.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't possibly eat any more.
Tom and Mary said that John was the one who told them that.
Tom and Mary said that John told them he'd never met Alice.
Tom and Mary said it was them who should help John do that.
Tom and Mary said doing that was easier than they expected.
Tom and Mary said John would likely go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary said John told them he was sick of doing that.
Tom and Mary said I should've asked them to do that for me.
Tom and Mary reminded their mother to wake them up at 6:30.
Tom and Mary refused to do what I told them they had to do.
Tom and Mary refused to believe that John didn't like them.
Tom and Mary realized there was nothing more they could do.
Tom and Mary promised they'd do that before they went home.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd do that, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't lie to me anymore.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd never come back here again.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary promised John that they wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom and Mary probably wish they'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom and Mary probably don't know why John is ignoring them.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what they should be doing.
Tom and Mary probably didn't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't see John do what he did.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't know what was happening.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't know John was rich.
Tom and Mary persuaded John to go back to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary only eat vegetables that they grow themselves.
Tom and Mary noticed John the moment they entered the room.
Tom and Mary never have apologized for what they did to us.
Tom and Mary never clean their rooms unless I tell them to.
Tom and Mary must've traveled a lot when they were younger.
Tom and Mary make a lot of mistakes when they speak French.
Tom and Mary made fools of themselves in front of everyone.
Tom and Mary looked around, but they couldn't see anything.
Tom and Mary live near me, but I don't see them very often.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they told him they did that.
Tom and Mary let John know they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary let John know that they were going to do that.
Tom and Mary learned how to swim when they were very young.
Tom and Mary learned how to drive when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary learned how to do that from their grandfather.
Tom and Mary knew they weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew they might need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they might have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have anything to worry about.
Tom and Mary knew there wasn't much they could do about it.
Tom and Mary knew there was nothing they could do about it.
Tom and Mary knew that they were going to get into trouble.
Tom and Mary knew John couldn't do that without their help.
Tom and Mary kept working even though they were very tired.
Tom and Mary kept on walking even though they were in pain.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to everyone in the room.
Tom and Mary injured themselves when they tried to do that.
Tom and Mary hope that John will teach them how to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't yet done what they promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary have upset stomachs because they ate too much.
Tom and Mary have told me they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary have to do that before they can go home today.
Tom and Mary have something they need to discuss with John.
Tom and Mary have never apologized for what they did to us.
Tom and Mary have evidently made up their minds to do that.
Tom and Mary have enough money to do anything they want to.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy everything they want.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy everything they need.
Tom and Mary have done that more than they'd like to admit.
Tom and Mary have cars, but they don't use them very often.
Tom and Mary have been told they don't look like teenagers.
Tom and Mary have been doing that ever since they got home.
Tom and Mary have a list of people they want to talk to.
Tom and Mary had their chauffeur drive them to the theater.
Tom and Mary had their chauffeur drive John to the airport.
Tom and Mary had no intention of going there by themselves.
Tom and Mary had a rich uncle who left them a lot of money.
Tom and Mary got out of the water and dried themselves off.
Tom and Mary gave John the note I'd given them to give him.
Tom and Mary gave John exactly what he told them he needed.
Tom and Mary forgot to tell John what time they'd be there.
Tom and Mary finally noticed that John was staring at them.
Tom and Mary finally managed to persuade John to help them.
Tom and Mary finally managed to buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary figured if John could do that, they could too.
Tom and Mary expected John to sit with them at the concert.
Tom and Mary eventually did everything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary dropped out of college when they were juniors.
Tom and Mary don't think they can find the time to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John would permit them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John will be doing that with them.
Tom and Mary don't seem to know what they're talking about.
Tom and Mary don't really want to do that with us, do they?
Tom and Mary don't need to read this if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't know why John and Alice don't like them.
Tom and Mary don't have to tell John if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money to buy what they want.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money to buy what they need.
Tom and Mary don't come to Boston as often as they used to.
Tom and Mary didn't think that anyone would recognize them.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would allow them to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell the stranger who they really were.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone what they were about to do.
Tom and Mary didn't pay me as much as they said they'd pay.
Tom and Mary didn't mention why they were looking for John.
Tom and Mary didn't mention where they were planning to go.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were having a good time.
Tom and Mary didn't know why they'd been chosen to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know why they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they needed to do that today.
Tom and Mary didn't know exactly what was expected of them.
Tom and Mary didn't have to tell me, but I'm glad they did.
Tom and Mary didn't have to do that if they didn't want to.
Tom and Mary didn't actually want to eat with us, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't act like they really wanted to be here.
Tom and Mary decided they were the ones who should do that.
Tom and Mary decided that they wanted to eat by themselves.
Tom and Mary couldn't get John to tell them what was wrong.
Tom and Mary couldn't find anyone to give them a ride home.
Tom and Mary couldn't do what we were hoping they could do.
Tom and Mary couldn't do anything they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't decide what they should buy for John.
Tom and Mary couldn't afford to buy everything they needed.
Tom and Mary could've been scared, but they didn't show it.
Tom and Mary could think of no reason why they should stay.
Tom and Mary could sing quite well when they were children.
Tom and Mary could be planning on doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary could be busy now, but I don't think they are.
Tom and Mary concealed the fact that they'd been in prison.
Tom and Mary claim they're able to take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary can't really see anything from where they are.
Tom and Mary can't do it alone. Could you please help them?
Tom and Mary can stay here a little longer if they want to.
Tom and Mary called to say they wouldn't be home for lunch.
Tom and Mary bet me thirty dollars that they could do that.
Tom and Mary assured us that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary assured me that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary assured John that they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary asks me the same thing every time they see me.
Tom and Mary asked me whether they should help John or not.
Tom and Mary asked me not to park my car in their driveway.
Tom and Mary asked if they were really required to do that.
Tom and Mary asked John to lend them three hundred dollars.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to tell John they can't do that.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to be hungry when they get here.
Tom and Mary aren't going to have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't going to find what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary aren't exactly sure what they should be doing.
Tom and Mary aren't as young as most people think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as crazy as most people think they are.
Tom and Mary are wearing coats that are too large for them.
Tom and Mary are wearing clothes that are too big for them.
Tom and Mary are upset because John has been ignoring them.
Tom and Mary are unable to decide who they should vote for.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out what they need to do.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out what they have to do.
Tom and Mary are still just as friendly as they used to be.
Tom and Mary are still determined to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are quite capable of looking after themselves.
Tom and Mary are probably not as old as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they're sorry.
Tom and Mary are positive they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are never going to admit that they were wrong.
Tom and Mary are going to try to convince you to help them.
Tom and Mary are going to get into trouble if they do that.
Tom and Mary are going to do whatever they can to help you.
Tom and Mary are going to do what John said they should do.
Tom and Mary are going to do that the way you told them to.
Tom and Mary are going to do that as soon as they get home.
Tom and Mary are going to do everything you ask them to do.
Tom and Mary are going to be very tired when they get home.
Tom and Mary are going to be very glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to ask John to do that, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are from Boston, but now they live in Chicago.
Tom and Mary are doing something they've never done before.
Tom and Mary are better at French than they are at English.
Tom and Mary are actually on their way to Boston right now.
Tom and Mary are a little bit tired, so they won't do that.
Tom and Mary apparently didn't do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary apparently didn't do what they said they'd do.
Tom and Mary allowed John to sit next to them on the bench.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't have any experience.
Tom and Mary admit they've been doing that for a long time.
Tom and John are very close to their girlfriends' families.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they didn't look too well.
Tell Tom and Mary they're going to have to work late today.
Tell Tom and Mary that if they're finished, they can leave.
Someone needs to tell Tom and Mary what's expected of them.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Tom and Mary they have to get home before 2:30.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to get here early.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to bring anything.
Maybe Tom and Mary should quit before they hurt themselves.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they've got to do that today.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that again.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they need to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they have to do.
Let's hope that Tom and Mary can handle that by themselves.
It's not necessary for Tom and Mary to go there themselves.
It's necessary for Tom and Mary to talk to John themselves.
It was easy for Tom and Mary to convince John to help them.
Is it necessary for Tom and Mary to go there by themselves?
If you have a question for Tom and Mary, ask them yourself.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be able take care of themselves.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciate what you've done for them.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing.
I'm going to tell Tom and Mary what I really think of them.
I wouldn't allow Tom and Mary to do what they wanted to do.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary did what they said they'd do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary asked John to eat lunch with them.
I wish Tom and Mary wouldn't do that by themselves anymore.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I wasn't the one who told Tom and Mary they had to do that.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me what they'd done.
I was surprised when Tom and Mary told me they'd done that.
I was going to tell Tom and Mary what we expect them to do.
I told Tom and Mary that they should do that by themselves.
I told Tom and Mary that I wouldn't go to Boston with them.
I told Tom and Mary not to do that, but they did it anyway.
I told Tom and Mary I'd be willing to loan them some money.
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do what they asked me to do.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to teach me how to drive.
I told Tom and Mary I thought they were wasting their time.
I thought Tom and Mary would have all the time they needed.
I thought Tom and Mary might need to do that by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary might have to do that by themselves.
I think we should ask Tom and Mary where they want to live.
I think Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John why they did that.
I think Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John how they did that.
I think Tom and Mary might get hurt if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary know why we couldn't do that for them.
I think Tom and Mary could get hurt if they try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary could do that today if they wanted to.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they had to go to Boston.
I should tell Tom and Mary that they don't need to do that.
I should tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to do that.
I saw Tom and Mary a few minutes ago and they looked tired.
I promised Tom and Mary I'd listen to what they had to say.
I looked all over for Tom and Mary, but couldn't find them.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't want to do that by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary would ask John to eat dinner with them.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you told them not to do.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them not to do.
I forgot to ask Tom and Mary what you asked me to ask them.
I emailed Tom and Mary and told them I'd be busy next week.
I don't think Tom and Mary would do what you said they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is scared of them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is afraid of them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're talking about.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what John wants them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know they have to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much time they'll need.
I don't believe Tom and Mary really did that by themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would eat what I made for them.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be afraid, but they were.
I didn't show Tom and Mary the pictures they wanted to see.
I didn't know Tom and Mary wanted to do that by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary needed to do that by themselves.
I asked Tom and Mary why they did that the way they did it.
I asked Tom and Mary when they thought John would get here.
I asked Tom and Mary when they had started studying French.
I asked Tom and Mary what they thought was going to happen.
I asked Tom and Mary not to go there, but they went anyway.
I asked Tom and Mary if they wanted to go and they said no.
How long did Tom and Mary say they planned to stay with us?
How did Tom and Mary know they weren't supposed to do that?
How did Tom and Mary get you to help them clean the garage?
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they enjoy doing that?
Do you think that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Do you remember what time Tom and Mary said they'd be here?
Do you really think Tom and Mary can do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to drive them to the airport?
Do Tom and Mary really think John is younger than they are?
Did you ask Tom and Mary what they thought the problem was?
Did Tom and Mary tell you how long it took them to do that?
Did Tom and Mary actually do everything they said they did?
Could you please tell Tom and Mary that I need to see them?
Ask Tom and Mary if they have anybody to help them do that.
Are you sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do?
You asked Tom and Mary if they had to do that, didn't you?
Will Tom and Mary really be able to do that by themselves?
Why should Tom and Mary insist that John do that for them?
Why do you think Tom and Mary won't do that by themselves?
Why didn't you tell Tom and Mary that they had to do that?
Why didn't you give Tom and Mary the money they asked for?
Who did Tom and Mary think would pay their bills for them?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted us to be there?
We should call Tom and Mary and see if they need any help.
We must make sure that Tom and Mary don't hurt themselves.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary did what you told them not to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me who gave them that envelope.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell John why they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't go to Boston if they didn't have to.
Tom and Mary wouldn't drink the coffee John made for them.
Tom and Mary would've eaten more if they hadn't been sick.
Tom and Mary would sing another song if you asked them to.
Tom and Mary wondered if John was as nervous as they were.
Tom and Mary won't tell me who gave them those binoculars.
Tom and Mary won't talk to John and he won't talk to them.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John what they want to eat.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John what they need to buy.
Tom and Mary won't likely be as careful as they should be.
Tom and Mary won't have to do anything they don't want to.
Tom and Mary won't be as busy tomorrow as they were today.
Tom and Mary won't be able to move the desk by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to lift that box by themselves.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do what you want them to do.
Tom and Mary won't admit that they've done anything wrong.
Tom and Mary woke up a little eelier than they usually do.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't promised John they'd help.
Tom and Mary will unlikely enjoy doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they want to do.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what they need to do.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they want to do that.
Tom and Mary will be absent today because they have colds.
Tom and Mary weren't very hungry, so they didn't eat much.
Tom and Mary weren't surprised who showed up to meet them.
Tom and Mary weren't sure whether they should sing or not.
Tom and Mary weren't sure that they'd ever see John again.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do everything they had to do.
Tom and Mary weren't able find what they were looking for.
Tom and Mary were unable to wait any longer, so they left.
Tom and Mary were surprised when they saw John doing that.
Tom and Mary were quite good-looking when they were young.
Tom and Mary were lucky they didn't get seriously injured.
Tom and Mary were fortunate that John helped them do that.
Tom and Mary were dancing by themselves on the back porch.
Tom and Mary were aware that everyone was looking at them.
Tom and Mary were able to solve the problem by themselves.
Tom and Mary were able to do everything they needed to do.
Tom and Mary wanted to follow in their father's footsteps.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary want me to give them money to buy harmonicas.
Tom and Mary walked into their rooms and closed the doors.
Tom and Mary usually read when they're waiting for people.
Tom and Mary turned off the light when they left the room.
Tom and Mary tried to tell John that they didn't like him.
Tom and Mary tried to help John, but he wouldn't let them.
Tom and Mary tried to figure out the answer by themselves.
Tom and Mary tried to do that by themselves, but couldn't.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't think they could do that.
Tom and Mary told me to meet them in front of the theater.
Tom and Mary told me they'd walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be staying much longer.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't sure they could do that.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they were hoping to get into Harvard.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to do that that way.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't actually want to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't remember what happened.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd like to buy new bicycles.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be in Boston next Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom and Mary told me that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were determined to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought they could do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be late.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be busy.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was unmarried.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was skeptical.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was obnoxious.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was miserable.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was impressed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was exhausted.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was dishonest.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was depressed.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was conceited.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was competent.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had done that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been rude.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John had been hurt.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John could do that.
Tom and Mary told me I was the one they wanted to talk to.
Tom and Mary told John the story that Alice had told them.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd decided not to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were prepared to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were finished doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he'd been unfair.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice wasn't fat.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was sleepy.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was scared.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was lonely.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was hungry.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was honest.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was boring.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was biased.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was asleep.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was afraid.
Tom and Mary told John that they had to leave before 2:30.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't know how to drive.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't have enough money.
Tom and Mary told John that they believed what Alice said.
Tom and Mary told John about the jobs they'd been offered.
Tom and Mary thought they'd have all the time they needed.
Tom and Mary thought they might not need to do that again.
Tom and Mary thought they might not have to do that again.
Tom and Mary thought they might not be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary thought John would be upset if they did that.
Tom and Mary think John won't be awake when they get home.
Tom and Mary surprised all of us when they went to Boston.
Tom and Mary still say that they didn't do anything wrong.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me why they won't do that.
Tom and Mary still haven't found what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary still haven't done what you asked them to do.
Tom and Mary still drink, but not as much as they used to.
Tom and Mary still don't know what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary stayed home from work because they were sick.
Tom and Mary speak French as if they were native speakers.
Tom and Mary sold the guitars that their father gave them.
Tom and Mary showed up early so they could get good seats.
Tom and Mary should've done that when they had the chance.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way you told them to.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way John showed them.
Tom and Mary should've been able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary should tell John why they enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary should tell John they want him to help Alice.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they can't eat peanuts.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they won't do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they can't do that.
Tom and Mary should do what their teacher told them to do.
Tom and Mary seemed to be aware of what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary seemed convinced that they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they've always been interested in sports.
Tom and Mary say they're tired of everybody's complaining.
Tom and Mary say they're no longer interested in painting.
Tom and Mary say they won't leave until they talk to John.
Tom and Mary say they won't have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they were in Boston the week before last.
Tom and Mary say they want to do everything by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they thought John would enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be stupid to do that.
Tom and Mary say they still remember the time we did that.
Tom and Mary say they just couldn't allow John to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't ask them to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he ought to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't refuse to do that.
Tom and Mary say they have something to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they could ever do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will do that today.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John is able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember asking me to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't plan to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they don't know any other way to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary say they aren't yet sure what the problem is.
Tom and Mary say that they're willing to do that for free.
Tom and Mary say that they're too busy to help John today.
Tom and Mary say that they'd like to do that this evening.
Tom and Mary say that they have to go to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary say that they can't prove that John did that.
Tom and Mary say it doesn't matter to them if you do that.
Tom and Mary said you're a better guitarist than they are.
Tom and Mary said this will be the last time they do that.
Tom and Mary said they've only been to Boston three times.
Tom and Mary said they've been trying to do that all week.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked not to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they've always been interested in music.
Tom and Mary said they're very sure John needs to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they're quicker at doing that than John.
Tom and Mary said they're glad they were asked to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're glad that you did that for them.
Tom and Mary said they're glad John has finally graduated.
Tom and Mary said they'll ask John if he wants to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to keep John from doing that.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd prefer that you not do that here.
Tom and Mary said they'd never want do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they'd let me know if anything happened.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for us if we ask them to.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do anything for me.
Tom and Mary said they'd be happy to answer our questions.
Tom and Mary said they would've come if we'd invited them.
Tom and Mary said they wondered why John hadn't done that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished John wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary said they weren't willing to help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting John to be there.
Tom and Mary said they weren't allowed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to help you do that.
Tom and Mary said they were too busy to help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they were told to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary said they were looking forward to doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping we could sing together.
Tom and Mary said they were going to permit us to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were going to catch the 2:30 train.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they were expecting John any minute now.
Tom and Mary said they were enjoying themselves in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to take some pictures of us.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to learn how to sail a boat.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd forgotten something.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they might have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would happen tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought John's suggestion was good.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would enjoy the movie.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't having any fun.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't good at French.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was unhappy in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was likely to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I should get more exercise.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked like I was sleepy.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked like I was lonely.
Tom and Mary said they paid thirty dollars for that shirt.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get rid of all this junk.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that before they left.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that last summer.
Tom and Mary said they knew they wouldn't be able do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John wouldn't be able do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't do that by himself.
Tom and Mary said they hope John can take care of himself.
Tom and Mary said they haven't met any of John's brothers.
Tom and Mary said they had something to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they had something important to tell me.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to do that on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to be back on Monday.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to be at their party.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to do that on their own.
Tom and Mary said they don't think that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John does that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they don't have very much money on them.
Tom and Mary said they don't care whether they win or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want you to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to play tennis with me.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to Boston by bus.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go swimming with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go skiing with John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go drinking with us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat leftovers again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to be janitors anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ask John to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to worry about that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me hanging around here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John ought to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where they should park.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what made them do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John wanted to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John needed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know if they had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how John would do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the courage to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have many friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have everything they wanted.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have everything they needed.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything to write with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any trouble doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't get enough sleep last night.
Tom and Mary said they didn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do what they should've done.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe you really did that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't see themselves doing that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't remember where John lived.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't figure out how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they assumed John would want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going to buy anything today.
Tom and Mary said their father told them never to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd do that as soon as they can.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be the next ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be glad to buy that for you.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to be very late.
Tom and Mary said that they were very hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad John didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to talk to the manager.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was good-looking.
Tom and Mary said that they never expected that to happen.
Tom and Mary said that they needed to talk to the manager.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really need to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really like doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't really have to do that.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who told John to do that.
Tom and Mary said John would be going to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary said John was happy that they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said I shouldn't do that until they got back.
Tom and Mary realized they didn't have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary realized there was no way they could do that.
Tom and Mary read magazines while they waited for the bus.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't be late again.
Tom and Mary promised John they'd try to lose some weight.
Tom and Mary promised John they'd help him this afternoon.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't complain anymore.
Tom and Mary probably won't want to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary probably won't find what they're looking for.
Tom and Mary probably thought I didn't know who they were.
Tom and Mary probably don't know who's going to help them.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't know what was going on.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't know anything about it.
Tom and Mary posted pictures of themselves on their blogs.
Tom and Mary phoned to say they'll be thirty minutes late.
Tom and Mary often read bedtime stories to their children.
Tom and Mary never told me that they were going to resign.
Tom and Mary never do anything that they don't want to do.
Tom and Mary need to find apartments near where they work.
Tom and Mary might not have done what people say they did.
Tom and Mary managed to get out of the pool by themselves.
Tom and Mary made up their minds to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary made themselves as comfortable as they could.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want me there.
Tom and Mary loved writing poems when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary looked like they were in a hurry to get home.
Tom and Mary looked like they were getting ready to leave.
Tom and Mary listen to the radio whenever they're driving.
Tom and Mary like to read when they're waiting for people.
Tom and Mary let us know that they didn't mind doing that.
Tom and Mary let John know that they'd done that already.
Tom and Mary let John knows that they'd already done that.
Tom and Mary laughed when I told them about what happened.
Tom and Mary knew they were supposed to do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary knew there was nothing they could do to help.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't likely to be arrested.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't going to have any fun.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed to buy a gift for John.
Tom and Mary knew that John wouldn't want to go with them.
Tom and Mary knew it was wrong to do what they were doing.
Tom and Mary kept working even though they were exhausted.
Tom and Mary invited me to their party, but I'm not going.
Tom and Mary initially said they weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary hope they'll be able to do that next October.
Tom and Mary hope that they don't have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they want us to buy.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me why they need to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me why they have to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't yet done what we've asked them to do.
Tom and Mary haven't told me yet why they have to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't done everything they were told to do.
Tom and Mary have very few photos of themselves as babies.
Tom and Mary have no idea when John wants them to do that.
Tom and Mary have no friends who are willing to help them.
Tom and Mary have never asked me to help them do anything.
Tom and Mary have finally found something they're good at.
Tom and Mary have done almost nothing we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary have decided to try to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have decided to try doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have been to your place before, haven't they?
Tom and Mary have been staying with their uncle in Boston.
Tom and Mary have been living in Boston with their father.
Tom and Mary have asked John to drive them to the airport.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they want to eat.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they want to buy.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they need to buy.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they have to buy.
Tom and Mary have already spent all the money I gave them.
Tom and Mary have admitted that they stole John's bicycle.
Tom and Mary have a car, but they don't use it very often.
Tom and Mary hated John, but not as much as he hated them.
Tom and Mary had only themselves to blame for the failure.
Tom and Mary had no idea what John thought they should do.
Tom and Mary had fairly good jobs until they got laid off.
Tom and Mary had enough time to do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary had enough time to do what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy what they had to buy.
Tom and Mary got out of the pool and dried themselves off.
Tom and Mary go drinking with their friends every weekend.
Tom and Mary forgot to lock the front door when they left.
Tom and Mary fell asleep while they were watching a movie.
Tom and Mary enjoyed themselves at the dance last weekend.
Tom and Mary drank the whole bottle of wine by themselves.
Tom and Mary drank the whole bottle of milk by themselves.
Tom and Mary doubt that they'll be able get there on time.
Tom and Mary don't want to study French, but they have to.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that and I don't blame them.
Tom and Mary don't think they have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think they could do that kind of thing.
Tom and Mary don't think John would allow them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John will permit them to do that.
Tom and Mary don't really think they can do that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't really think John can do that, do they?
Tom and Mary don't play tennis as often as they'd like to.
Tom and Mary don't need to go there if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't need to do anything they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't make as much money as they say they do.
Tom and Mary don't know when they're supposed to be there.
Tom and Mary don't know what they're supposed to be doing.
Tom and Mary don't know John, but they'd like to meet him.
Tom and Mary don't have to go there if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have to eat this if they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have to do anything they don't want to.
Tom and Mary don't have as much free time as they used to.
Tom and Mary don't even know that what they did was wrong.
Tom and Mary don't deserve the salaries we're paying them.
Tom and Mary don't believe they can do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary died three days after they arrived in Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't want to give John their phones number.
Tom and Mary didn't want the same thing to happen to them.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they were going to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they wanted me to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they didn't like their jobs.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John how much money they'd spent.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to really be enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to like talking about themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't say who they were planning to go with.
Tom and Mary didn't say anything about why they were late.
Tom and Mary didn't really seem to be enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't really enjoy eating with us, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't realize they had to help John do that.
Tom and Mary didn't mention what they were planning to do.
Tom and Mary didn't lose as much weight as they wanted to.
Tom and Mary didn't let their children go to John's party.
Tom and Mary didn't know whether they were right or wrong.
Tom and Mary didn't know they weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they no longer needed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know for certain where they should go.
Tom and Mary didn't know John thought they should do that.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as well as I expected them to.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as quickly as they usually do.
Tom and Mary did everything they could to make John happy.
Tom and Mary did better this time than they did last time.
Tom and Mary couldn't persuade John to accept their gifts.
Tom and Mary couldn't borrow as much money as they needed.
Tom and Mary could've won if they'd tried a little harder.
Tom and Mary could've refused to do that, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary could've done better if they'd had more time.
Tom and Mary could swim a lot faster when they were young.
Tom and Mary could stay with us tonight if they wanted to.
Tom and Mary could never do what you're asking them to do.
Tom and Mary convinced John to buy them expensive watches.
Tom and Mary claimed that they could run faster than John.
Tom and Mary certainly did everything we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary certainly appeared to be enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary carefully planned what they were going to do.
Tom and Mary can't play the piano as well as they used to.
Tom and Mary can tell me what happened when they get here.
Tom and Mary can come over to my place whenever they want.
Tom and Mary called the office to say that they'd be late.
Tom and Mary bragged about how well they could play chess.
Tom and Mary begged their father to buy them new bicycles.
Tom and Mary began writing poetry when they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary assured John that they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary asked me to give them enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary asked me if they could borrow thirty dollars.
Tom and Mary asked John where they should park their cars.
Tom and Mary asked John to teach them how to do the waltz.
Tom and Mary asked John the same question they'd asked me.
Tom and Mary asked John if he could give them a ride home.
Tom and Mary aren't willing to do what we want them to do.
Tom and Mary aren't the kind of people you think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't as rich as most people think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as poor as most people think they are.
Tom and Mary aren't as crazy as everybody thinks they are.
Tom and Mary are younger than you probably think they are.
Tom and Mary are willing to help us tomorrow, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are wearing coats that're too large for them.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to tell them what to do.
Tom and Mary are unwilling to do what we asked them to do.
Tom and Mary are trying to do what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary are too young to go to the zoo by themselves.
Tom and Mary are stronger than most people think they are.
Tom and Mary are still living on Park Street, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are smarter than you probably think they are.
Tom and Mary are saving money so they can go to Australia.
Tom and Mary are saving money so they can buy motorcycles.
Tom and Mary are probably not as rich as they claim to be.
Tom and Mary are probably going to tell John they're busy.
Tom and Mary are probably going to be safe where they are.
Tom and Mary are probably able to take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are planning to be at the party, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are lucky that they're still able to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely going to lose everything they own.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do it all by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to get fired if they don't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to do whatever you tell them to do.
Tom and Mary are going to build a wall around their house.
Tom and Mary are going to be in their offices all morning.
Tom and Mary are going to be exhausted when they get home.
Tom and Mary are fortunate that they were able to do that.
Tom and Mary are doing exactly what John asked them to do.
Tom and Mary are afraid to go out after dark, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are afraid that the police might arrest them.
Tom and Mary already know that John wants them to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't want to do that anymore.
The reason Tom and Mary got sick was because they overate.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary, they were on stretchers.
Tell Tom and Mary we're going to meet them at the airport.
Tell Tom and Mary I grew up in Boston, just like they did.
I think we should all be worried a little bit about the way Tom and Mary have been acting lately.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to do that before 2:30.
All the teachers and students we talked to said that Tom and Mary are easy to get along with.
Please tell Tom and Mary they have to do that before 2:30.
Tom and Mary usually fast about 18 hours a day, from dinner until the following day's lunch.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to do that today.
I happened to be in the neighborhood, so I dropped in to see how Tom and Mary were doing.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't have to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have enough money to buy a ticket.
Please tell Tom and Mary that they're required to do that.
What proof do you have that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your mother's necklace?
Please tell Tom and Mary I'll pick them up at the station.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have enough money to buy tickets.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they're supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary are working on something that needs to be finished by the end of the day.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that here.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my motorcycle.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they should do.
How did you know that Tom and Mary were planning to eat at that restaurant last night?
Let's hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you think they did.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were planning to do that with.
It looks like Tom and Mary are really enjoying themselves.
I think I've figured out why Tom and Mary have never learned to speak French so well.
Is it necessary for Tom and Mary to do that by themselves?
Before the crash, Tom and Mary had been hoping to become professional tennis players.
If you have questions for Tom and Mary, ask them yourself.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are the only ones who can tell us what we need to know.
If Tom and Mary were angry before, they'll be furious now.
I thought you might like to know that Tom and Mary are planning to be here tomorrow.
If Tom and Mary mess up again, they're going to get fired.
We have to consider the possibility that Tom and Mary were involved in the robbery.
I've given Tom and Mary everything they've ever asked for.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who had eaten your sandwiches?
I'm sure Tom and Mary will tell us if they need something.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't know how to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary did what we asked them to do.
I was just wondering if Tom and Mary have ever been over to your house for dinner.
I'm certain Tom and Mary will do what they say they'll do.
I want to do everything I can to make sure Tom and Mary are able to go to college.
I'll text Tom and Mary and see if they want to go with us.
I thought you said you wanted to know who Tom and Mary were going to do that with.
I'll tell Tom and Mary they've got nothing to worry about.
I just happened to be in Boston at the same hotel where Tom and Mary were staying.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't want John at their party.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the kind of people who would do that kind of thing.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary thought they had to do that.
If Tom and Mary were here, I wouldn't have to stay and take care of the children.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really regret what they did.
I can't believe Tom and Mary really don't want to go to Boston with us next week.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary really meant what they said.
You knew that Tom and Mary were very unlikely to be able to do that, didn't you?
I wonder whether Tom and Mary knew they needed to do that.
You knew Tom and Mary were probably not going to be able to do that, didn't you?
I wish that Tom and Mary would tell me where they've been.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who broke into your house?
I wasn't sure what Tom and Mary wanted me to buy for them.
Nobody knew that Tom and Mary were the people who contributed most of the money.
I tried to get Tom and Mary to help me, but they wouldn't.
No matter how carefully I explain things, Tom and Mary never seem to understand.
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't go out after dark.
Monday is the only day of the week that Tom and Mary don't get home before 2:30.
I told Tom and Mary that I never wanted to see them again.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have enough time to finish writing the report.
I told Tom and Mary I couldn't do that without their help.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
I thought Tom and Mary would figure it out for themselves.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know how much you bought your house for.
I thought Tom and Mary would be shocked, but they weren't.
The only restaurant that Tom and Mary really like is the one across the street.
I thought Tom and Mary would be at home, but they weren't.
I'm fairly certain that Tom and Mary have never done anything like that before.
I thought Tom and Mary were wasting their time doing that.
We all knew Tom and Mary were in trouble, but none of us did anything to help.
I thought Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said he didn't believe John actually did his homework by himself.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't know how to sing at least one song in French.
I thought Tom and Mary said they liked this kind of music.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't want to do that.
I think you should let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't need to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary lied to you about what they did.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary will be exhausted when they get home.
I was just wondering if maybe Tom and Mary were the ones who started the fire.
I think Tom and Mary might get in trouble if they do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't pressuring you to do anything you don't want to do.
I think Tom and Mary could do better if they tried harder.
I heard that Tom and Mary were working late last night with you. Is that true?
I think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they need to do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I think Tom and Mary are sure that's what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the kind of people who'd do that kind of thing.
I talked to Tom and Mary today about what they plan to do.
You didn't realize Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that, did you?
I should've told Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle?
I should tell Tom and Mary I won't go to Boston with them.
I thought you'd like to know that Tom and Mary were absent from school today.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what we told them not to do.
I should've known something was wrong when Tom and Mary weren't here by 2:30.
I have a feeling Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I finished eating breakfast while Tom and Mary were getting ready for school.
I don't want to bother Tom and Mary while they're working.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who were going to sing tonight.
I don't think Tom and Mary ride their motorcycles anymore.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who helped you paint the fence.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is ignoring them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary weren't planning to attend today's meeting?
I don't think Tom and Mary know they're going to be fired.
According to this report, Tom and Mary were the ones who caused the accident.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how John feels about them.
You knew Tom and Mary were going to be mad at me for doing that, didn't you?
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go there by themselves.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to help me do that, did you?
I didn't want Tom and Mary to leave, but they left anyway.
We'll should wait and see what Tom and Mary think before we make a decision.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would be drunk, but they were.
We plan to do what Tom and Mary suggest, unless somebody tells we shouldn't.
I didn't really think Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
We only just found out ourselves that Tom and Mary weren't planning to come.
I didn't give Tom and Mary the information they requested.
The problem is that Tom and Mary have no alibis for the night of the murder.
I can't find Tom and Mary. I think they must've gone home.
The apartment building Tom and Mary are living in was built three years ago.
How often do Tom and Mary wear that scarves you gave them?
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who know how to do that.
How long did Tom and Mary say they'd been studying French?
I find it hard to believe that Tom and Mary were involved in the kidnapping.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they like doing that?
Can you tell me how you found out that Tom and Mary weren't at school today?
Have Tom and Mary ever told you how they broke their legs?
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary aren't the ones who have the final say on this.
Every time I see Tom and Mary, they're wearing sunglasses.
Tom and Mary are going to have to have a birthday party for John on Monday.
Eventually, Tom and Mary will realize that they need help.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the weather.
Even though Tom and Mary had bad colds, they went to work.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be the ones responsible for doing that.
Do Tom and Mary still go bowling as often as they used to?
I think Tom and Mary are the people who should be doing this instead of me.
Do Tom and Mary really think John enjoys eating with them?
I don't think Tom and Mary are the only ones who had to go to the hospital.
Did you know Tom and Mary before they came to work for us?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were the ones who made these sandwiches?
Did Tom and Mary tell you they were having money problems?
Everyone thought that Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston this weekend.
Did Tom and Mary say it was necessary for them to do that?
You don't seem to understand why Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you what they wanted you to do?
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Could you please tell Tom and Mary I need to talk to them?
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that, did you?
Could Tom and Mary really be as busy as they say they are?
What makes you so sure Tom and Mary don't want to play basketball with us?
Ask Tom and Mary if they have anyone to help them do that.
The police believe that Tom and Mary were involved in last week's robbery.
All of Tom and Mary's friends thought that they were rich.
It looks like Tom and Mary are beginning to worry about what might happen.
You'd think they'd tell Tom and Mary what they should do.
If Tom and Mary don't help us, we'll never be able to finish this on time.
You told Tom and Mary that they were adopted, didn't you?
I'm still not convinced that Tom and Mary are the best people for the job.
You should've told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are feeling better today than yesterday.
You should've let Tom and Mary do what they wanted to do.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones here who don't know how to do that.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are looking for something, but I don't know what.
You should tell Tom and Mary that John doesn't like them.
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to play tennis with us this afternoon.
You should just let Tom and Mary cry themselves to sleep.
I forgot to tell you that Tom and Mary are coming over for dinner tonight.
You asked Tom and Mary if they could do that, didn't you?
I forgot Tom and Mary were the ones who taught you how to play the guitar.
Would you tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
I can't count the number of times Tom and Mary have complained about that.
Would you just tell Tom and Mary what they did was wrong?
Do you know whether or not Tom and Mary plan to go to Boston next weekend?
Why would Tom and Mary insist that John do that for them?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were planning to attend today's meeting?
Why don't you just tell Tom and Mary you don't like them?
Why don't you go back to the hospital and see how Tom and Mary are doing?
Why don't you just tell Tom and Mary you don't like them.
When we go to a restaurant, I never order the same thing Tom and Mary do.
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to do that for them?
What makes you so sure Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle?
When do you think Tom and Mary will want us to help them?
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John to do what he's been asked to do.
When Tom and Mary heard about what happened, they smiled.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the smell.
When Tom and Mary found out the truth, they were furious.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the noise.
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were still teenagers.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
What're Tom and Mary going to do when they finish school?
It's possible that Tom and Mary don't realize how serious the problem is.
What did Tom and Mary say they were going to do tomorrow?
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones working here who can speak French.
We're not going to leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that without our help.
We need to stop Tom and Mary before they hurt themselves.
I don't think you need to tell Tom and Mary anything about what happened.
We know Tom and Mary will do whatever we tell them to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want to go sailing with us next week.
We hope Tom and Mary will do what we've asked them to do.
I didn't want to admit that Tom and Mary were right and that I was wrong.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they wanted to do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary aren't planning to attend today's meeting?
Tom and Mary wouldn't like it if they knew you were here.
You knew that Tom and Mary were unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have let them own children do that.
You didn't seem to understand why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary would've done that already if they knew how.
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that today, did you?
Tom and Mary would've done that already if they could've.
What's the real reason Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston with you?
Tom and Mary would stop doing that if John asked them to.
We have to get that document back before Tom and Mary show it to anyone.
Tom and Mary would make John very happy if they did that.
Tom and Mary are trying hard to finish doing that by the end of the day.
Tom and Mary would just like to know what they did wrong.
Tom and Mary are going to have a birthday party for John Monday evening.
Tom and Mary would do that for John if he wanted them to.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the heat.
Tom and Mary wondered if they should tell John the truth.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the food.
Tom and Mary won't stay here as long you think they will.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about the cold.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John what they have to do.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they want to do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary won't likely enjoy doing that by themselves.
The only ones here who are afraid to go bungee jumping are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary won't get there on time if they don't hurry.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston, I'd have told you.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who want to do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do what we want them to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who need to do that.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that while they're sick.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are the only ones who have to do that.
Tom and Mary wished that they had enough money to retire.
I want to make absolutely sure that Tom and Mary really want to do that.
Tom and Mary wished that John would tell them what to do.
I think this is the first time Tom and Mary have done that without help.
Tom and Mary will unlikely want to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary don't speak French very well, but I could be wrong.
Tom and Mary will unlikely need to do that by themselves.
I guess I was too busy to notice that Tom and Mary were having problems.
Tom and Mary will unlikely have to do that by themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary planned to spend so much time on that project.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they don't like him.
Tom and Mary will probably be starved when they get home.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the right people for this particular job.
Tom and Mary will probably be forgiven for what they did.
I don't always get up early, but I always get up before Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary will pay me back what they owe me on Monday.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be at the party last week.
Tom and Mary will never be able to do that by themselves.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were the ones who were supposed to do that?
Tom and Mary will have to take better care of themselves.
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't really going to do that, didn't you?
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary will ask John to do that for us, won't they?
You didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary weren't able to take care of their children.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on going to the prom with.
Tom and Mary weren't able to move the desk by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to need a little more time to finish doing that.
Tom and Mary weren't able to fix their car by themselves.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't enjoy doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do what we asked them to do.
If you want me to, I'll stay here with you until Tom and Mary get back.
Tom and Mary were upset when they saw John kissing Alice.
I want to find out when Tom and Mary are planning to finish doing that.
Tom and Mary were surprised when they saw John in Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be able to meet me at the airport.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what John did.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones here who don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary were scared to go in the cave by themselves.
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to eat dinner with us this evening.
Tom and Mary were reading books the last time I saw them.
I hear Tom and Mary were the ones who taught you how to play the cello.
Tom and Mary were probably very tired when they got home.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends who like mountain climbing.
Tom and Mary were living in Boston when I first met them.
I didn't notice whether Tom and Mary were wearing wedding rings or not.
Tom and Mary were late because their cars ran out of gas.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary were hoping they could go sailing with John.
I can't help feeling that Tom and Mary haven't told me the whole truth.
Tom and Mary were getting ready to leave when I saw them.
How many months do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary were fired because they couldn't be trusted.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary are coming over for dinner this evening.
Tom and Mary were eating apples the last time I saw them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston this week?
Tom and Mary were afraid that they might lose everything.
Are Tom and Mary seriously thinking about not going to today's meeting?
Tom and Mary were a bit surprised by what John told them.
"Tom and Mary have been putting on some weight" "Yeah, I noticed that."
Tom and Mary went to the hospital because they were sick.
You still have no idea why Tom and Mary don't want to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary went to Boston, but they didn't go by plane.
You know as well as I do that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary wanted to do that, but they weren't able to.
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that today, didn't you?
Tom and Mary wanted to do that, but they didn't know how.
You knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary wanted to do that, but I begged them not to.
You don't seem to understand why Tom and Mary are supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary wanted me to tell you they can't come today.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that, did you?
Tom and Mary wanted John to wait for them at the library.
You aren't the only one who likes baseball. Tom and Mary like it, too.
Tom and Mary want to know if they can come over and play.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary want to help, but they say they're too busy.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses?
Tom and Mary want to buy a car, but they can't afford to.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary were in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom and Mary used to play tennis, but they don't anymore.
Unfortunately, I believed all the lies that Tom and Mary were telling.
Tom and Mary used to like John. Now they can't stand him.
Perhaps the only ones here who're willing to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary understand French better than they speak it.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary tried to persuade John to sell them his car.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary tried to convince John that they were right.
Perhaps the only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary tricked John into doing their work for them.
It's very obvious that Tom and Mary don't understand French very well.
Tom and Mary told us they wouldn't come back before 2:30.
It wasn't long before Tom and Mary were able to communicate in French.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether Tom and Mary come or not.
Tom and Mary told me they'd never tell anyone about that.
If I were you, I'd want to know what Tom and Mary are doing right now.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do that by themselves.
I was just told that Tom and Mary were involved in a traffic accident.
Tom and Mary told me they were just trying to be helpful.
I suggest we first find out if Tom and Mary are interested in the job.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to visit John in Boston.
I have to make certain Tom and Mary know what time the concert starts.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to learn how to do that.
I don't want to go to the party if Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to go mountain climbing.
I don't think there's any need for Tom and Mary to attend the meeting.
Tom and Mary told me they usually eat breakfast at seven.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to want to go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary told me they needed some time to themselves.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are going to be home this afternoon.
Tom and Mary told me they had nothing to look forward to.
I don't believe Tom and Mary are capable of doing something like that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't sleep at all last night.
How much money do you think people like Tom and Mary spend each month?
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't do that by themselves.
How many years do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary told me that they've decided not to do that.
How many weeks do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary told me that they've already read that book.
How many hours do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary told me that they're never coming back here.
How come you didn't tell me Tom and Mary were going to Boston with us?
Tom and Mary told me that they'd never go back to Boston.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston all week?
Tom and Mary told me that they'd go to Boston in October.
You should know by now that Tom and Mary aren't very good at singing.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't do that tomorrow.
You seemed to be surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't feeling very good.
You didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that today, did you?
Tom and Mary told me that they were reluctant to do that.
When I left the house this morning, Tom and Mary were still sleeping.
Tom and Mary told me that they were desperate to do that.
We would've been able to do this faster if Tom and Mary weren't here.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to teach me French.
We have to stay in Boston until Tom and Mary get out of the hospital.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to go to Australia.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really plans on doing that this week.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought you could do that.
Tom and Mary don't believe John actually did his homework by himself.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John would be mad.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to be able to do that without John's help.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was talented.
Tom and Mary are working hard to get the project finished by October.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was reliable.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what caused the accident.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was prepared.
Tom and Mary are going to need a few more hours to finish doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was innocent.
There's no doubt in my mind that Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was homesick.
The children didn't seem to understand what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was homeless.
Police believe that Tom and Mary were somehow involved in the murder.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was divorced.
Maybe the only ones here who don't enjoy doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was confused.
It's up to you to decide whether or not Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't think John did that.
It's easy to understand why Tom and Mary weren't allowed to go there.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't want to go with us.
I'm beginning to worry that Tom and Mary are in some kind of trouble.
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't see anyone come in.
I wonder how Tom and Mary do that all the time without getting bored.
Tom and Mary told me it was too hard for them to do that.
I was cleaning the house while Tom and Mary were cleaning the garage.
Tom and Mary told John why they couldn't go to his party.
I think there's a possibility that Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't mind if he did that.
I think Tom and Mary have already told us everything we need to know.
Tom and Mary told John they were almost ready to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want to see him again.
I had a hard time understanding what Tom and Mary were trying to say.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd seen Alice in October.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested in learning how to drive.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help him wash his car.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were planning to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be willing to do that.
How many days do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't sure what to do.
How did you know Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your saxophone?
Tom and Mary told John that they were through doing that.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary told John that they were tempted to do that.
Do you have any idea how long Tom and Mary have been studying French?
Tom and Mary told John that they were obliged to do that.
Do Tom and Mary always leave for work at the same time every morning?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he was handsome.
Aren't you the least bit interested in what Tom and Mary have to say?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was upset.
You know that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was tired.
You know as well as I do that Tom and Mary aren't very good singers.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was right.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was ready.
You didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was pushy.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't old enough to drive?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was lucky.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary weren't old enough to drink?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was funny.
What do you think of the way Tom and Mary have been behaving lately?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was drunk.
We'll probably never be in Boston at the same time Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was crazy.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what caused the problem.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was broke.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained about that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was brave.
The only website Tom and Mary visit at least once a day is this one.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was bossy.
The only ones who can tell us what we need to know are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was bored.
Maybe the only ones here who're willing to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was awake.
Maybe the only ones here who don't want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was angry.
Maybe the only ones here who don't need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was alone.
Maybe the only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was alive.
It's not only Tom and Mary that have to study. I have to study, too.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't enjoy doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't have plans for next weekend.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to have a good time.
I'm glad Tom and Mary were able to see you while you were in Boston.
Tom and Mary thought John was hiding something from them.
I won't go to tonight's party if Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Tom and Mary thought John knew how much they hated opera.
I wasn't scared of Tom and Mary, but Tom and Mary were scared of me.
Tom and Mary studied hard so they could get into college.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were in the hospital all last week.
Tom and Mary still haven't done what we asked them to do.
I think we need to find out why Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they want to buy.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they need to buy.
I think it's pretty obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they have to buy.
I think Tom and Mary were just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom and Mary still don't think John can do that, do they?
I know Tom and Mary are going to the hospital, but I don't know why.
Tom and Mary speak French better than they speak English.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom and Mary have asked me to do.
Tom and Mary showed John some pictures of their hometown.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the type of people who would do that.
Tom and Mary showed John several pictures of their house.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who taught you French.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have gone to Boston by themselves.
Do you think there's a chance that Tom and Mary know how to do that?
Tom and Mary should've waited for us to do that for them.
Do you think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy that kind of car?
Tom and Mary should've been able to do that on their own.
Do Tom and Mary know that you're not going to be at today's meeting?
Tom and Mary should tell John they won't do that anymore.
Do Tom and Mary know that you're going to be in Boston next October?
Tom and Mary should tell John they won't be at his party.
Did you really think that was what Tom and Mary were planning to do?
Tom and Mary should tell John they don't like their jobs.
As far as we can tell, Tom and Mary weren't involved in the robbery.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they're tired.
You're the only other person who knows why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary seldom do what they say they're going to do.
You know that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary seemed to know what they were talking about.
You knew Tom and Mary were unlikely to want to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary seemed to know exactly what they were doing.
You haven't done that as many times as Tom and Mary have, have you?
Tom and Mary seemed to be thoroughly enjoying themselves.
You don't really care whether Tom and Mary like you or not, do you?
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they do this.
When did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary say this will be the last time they do that.
Were Tom and Mary really telling the truth about how that happened?
Tom and Mary say they're too old to start doing that now.
Tom and Mary knew that John would be drunk by the time he got home.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about moving to Boston.
This is the third time this month that Tom and Mary have been late.
Tom and Mary say they're planning on doing that tomorrow.
The only ones here who want to go camping with us are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they're planning on attending our party.
The only ones here who don't feel like doing that are Tom and Mary.
Perhaps the only ones here who're able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather not do that by themselves.
Monday is the only day of the week that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary say they'd be willing to loan us some money.
It's not the first time Tom and Mary have done something like that.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that unless you help them.
It's hard to believe that Tom and Mary really want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they thought John had already done that.
It was pretty obvious that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary say they think it's not possible to do that.
Is it true that Tom and Mary were caught stealing from little kids?
Tom and Mary say they think it isn't possible to do that.
I'm not the only one interested in knowing where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary say they never feel like doing that anymore.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are the ones we should send to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they know John wanted to move to Boston.
I thought you'd be interested to know that Tom and Mary found jobs.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who has to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to go to Boston in the near future.
Tom and Mary say they hope John can take care of himself.
I hope Tom and Mary weren't the ones responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary say they haven't seen John for three months.
I hope Tom and Mary stay in Boston for at least another three days.
Tom and Mary say they have no idea what needs to be done.
I guess after that many beers Tom and Mary are probably very drunk.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to do that later today.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my bicycle.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to sing with us anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the people you should be talking to.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to go to Boston with us.
I didn't know where Tom and Mary were going to be in the afternoon.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that today.
I could never afford to buy the kind of house Tom and Mary live in.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John wanted to do that.
Do you know why Tom and Mary weren't at the meeting this afternoon?
Tom and Mary say they don't think John needed to do that.
Do we have enough time to finish this before Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John went to Boston.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston all week?
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John has to do that.
Despite repeated warnings, Tom and Mary haven't stopped doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know if they have to do that.
You've got to make sure Tom and Mary aren't late for school again.
Tom and Mary say they don't intend to ever do that again.
You should've told me Tom and Mary weren't planning to go with us.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John really did that.
You know as well as I do that Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know they needed to do that.
You have no idea where Tom and Mary plan to go to college, do you?
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wanted to do that.
You didn't think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that, did you?
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John needed to do that.
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary say they can't believe John really did that.
You didn't know Tom and Mary were going to do that today, did you?
What's the real reason Tom and Mary don't want to go to the party?
Tom and Mary say they aren't going to eat anything today.
What time do Tom and Mary think we should get up tomorrow morning?
Tom and Mary say that they'll be at the meeting tomorrow.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are going to be late again?
Tom and Mary say that they have to go to Boston tomorrow.
We were disappointed to hear that Tom and Mary couldn't get visas.
Tom and Mary say that someday they'll be able to do that.
We want to make absolutely sure that Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary saw something in the woods that scared them.
We have evidence to suggest that maybe Tom and Mary were involved.
Tom and Mary sang a lot better than I thought they would.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really plans to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said your snoring kept them awake all night.
Tom and Mary are students at the university where I used to teach.
Tom and Mary said they've been trying to do that all day.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked not do that anymore.
Tom and Mary are pretty happy with the way things have turned out.
Tom and Mary said they're really sorry for what happened.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they could do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure whether John can swim.
There's no evidence to suggest that Tom and Mary were the thieves.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure John needs to do that.
There's a chance that Tom and Mary are here in the park somewhere.
Tom and Mary said they're looking forward to seeing John.
The school Tom and Mary go to is looking for a new French teacher.
Tom and Mary said they're glad they were able to do that.
The only ones here who don't want to go kayaking are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they're faster at doing that than John.
The only ones here who are willing to go with us are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they're determined to do that for John.
That isn't the main reason why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're better at doing that than John.
Let's not forget that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they'll stay where they are until 2:30.
It's been more than a year since Tom and Mary have visited Boston.
Tom and Mary said they'll be at this afternoon's meeting.
It's already 2:30 and Tom and Mary haven't come yet. I wonder why.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not go to Boston with us.
It would be best if you did everything Tom and Mary ask you to do.
Tom and Mary said they'd never consider doing that alone.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have no intention of doing that.
Tom and Mary said they'd finish doing that by themselves.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary have ever been to Boston or not.
Tom and Mary said they'd do their homework by themselves.
I'm not scared of Tom and Mary, but Tom and Mary are scared of me.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to try something new.
I'll do whatever has to be done to make sure Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to try anything once.
I'd be very surprised if Tom and Mary aren't at the party tonight.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to help John do that.
I wonder how Tom and Mary were able to fool everybody for so long.
Tom and Mary said they'd ask John to eat lunch with them.
I wasn't really paying attention to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to do that by alone.
I think we should try doing the same thing Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't mind doing that for John.
I think we need to find out who Tom and Mary plan to give that to.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't let them do that anymore.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to stop doing that anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able to do that today.
I think I still have time to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they wished you wouldn't do that again.
I now finally understand what Tom and Mary were trying to tell me.
Tom and Mary said they wished to speak to you themselves.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't yelled at John.
I don't think there's any reason why Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't let John drive.
I don't think Tom and Mary realize how long it'll take to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't willing to take that risk.
I don't think I understand why Tom and Mary are trying to do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't willing to do that for us.
I don't need to wash the car. Tom and Mary have already washed it.
Tom and Mary said they weren't used this kind of weather.
I don't have to wash the car. Tom and Mary have already washed it.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to let John do that.
I don't have the faintest idea what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting John to do that.
I didn't think I should do what Tom and Mary were asking me to do.
Tom and Mary said they were worried about their daughter.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to help John do that.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go to Boston with.
Tom and Mary said they were too drunk to help me do that.
How much longer do you think it'll be until Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary said they were hoping we could eat together.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they were having a good time in Boston.
From what I've heard, I think Tom and Mary are going to get fired.
Tom and Mary said they were going to ask John to do that.
During hay fever season, Tom and Mary usually try to stay indoors.
Tom and Mary said they were going to allow us to do that.
Don't ever forget how much stronger Tom and Mary are than you are.
Tom and Mary said they were desperate to find a solution.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary have several very valuable paintings?
Tom and Mary said they were concerned about that problem.
A lot of people say Tom and Mary are the best players on our team.
Tom and Mary said they were asked not to do that anymore.
You think that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to learn more about Boston.
You know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be the one who did that.
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be electrical engineers.
You had no idea when Tom and Mary were going to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to do that by himself.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they want to spend more time with John.
What makes you think Tom and Mary are still high school students?
Tom and Mary said they understood what needed to be done.
What Tom and Mary have suggested is perhaps the easiest solution.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to help us.
We really thought Tom and Mary were going to stay for a few days.
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary work at one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could do that for me.
Tom and Mary still study French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John was Alice's son.
Tom and Mary have been living on a boat for the past three years.
Tom and Mary said they thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Tom and Mary have been dealing with some very difficult problems.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was going to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked like I was tired.
Tom and Mary don't know who's living in the house next to theirs.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked like I was bored.
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out a way to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary said they suspected that John would do that.
Tom and Mary are probably the ones responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary said they should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tom and Mary are going to have to have a birthday party for John.
Tom and Mary said they should've done that by themselves.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever sung with our band.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't do that anymore.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they planned to stay until next Monday.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I didn't do that.
Tom and Mary said they paid thirty dollars for this book.
The only ones here who know how to speak French are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they needed to find another babysitter.
The only ones here who are reluctant to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they may go to Boston for Thanksgiving.
The house where Tom and Mary live is in the old part of the city.
Tom and Mary said they like pizza that way John makes it.
The girl over there waiting for Tom and Mary are friends of mine.
Tom and Mary said they left a few minutes after John did.
Something about the situation made Tom and Mary feel very uneasy.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that in October.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to go with us.
Tom and Mary said they knew you wouldn't be able do that.
Maybe the only ones here who're able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they didn't need to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that now isn't the time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they didn't have to do that.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't want to talk about what happened.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John wouldn't do that again.
It looks as if Tom and Mary aren't going to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John didn't need to do that.
It looked like Tom and Mary were interested in what was going on.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John didn't have to do that.
Is there any chance that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't let Alice do that.
I've heard about the problems that Tom and Mary have been having.
Tom and Mary said they figured they'd be able to do that.
I'm the one who's going to have to do that if Tom and Mary don't.
Tom and Mary said they expect to be doing that on Monday.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are just hungry as the rest of us are.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John wants to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John ought to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John needs to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't enjoy watching baseball on TV.
Tom and Mary said they don't know where John wants to go.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are the only ones who can't do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't know any of John's children.
I wonder why Tom and Mary need to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they don't have enough time to do that.
I wasn't the first one to volunteer to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't even want to think about it.
I was hoping you might be able to tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to school today.
I thought for a moment Tom and Mary were going to start laughing.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go camping with us.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask someone else to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ever do that again.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask everyone not to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that after dark.
I think we should wait until Tom and Mary get here before we eat.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ask you to do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't swim very often, but I could be wrong.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think that really happened.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John really did that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need to do that right away.
I suppose you already know that Tom and Mary don't want you here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like the way John did that.
I should've paid more attention to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they ought to do.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who know how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John ought to do.
I heard yesterday that Tom and Mary were in some kind of trouble.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to swim very well.
I guess after so many beers Tom and Mary are probably very drunk.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anything about Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I've never done that before.
Tom and Mary said they didn't invite John to their party.
I don't think I'll be able to do what Tom and Mary want me to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that right away.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary are younger or older than I am.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to help us today.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to eat right now.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go swimming with.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to do that today.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were going to make for breakfast.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have the energy to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to help us do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have permission to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were planning to go to Australia.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have experience doing that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have driver's licenses yet.
Do Tom and Mary still want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any idea who did that.
Do Tom and Mary still want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any desire to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were going to go to Boston tomorrow?
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like doing that today.
Am I the only one worried that Tom and Mary are going to be late?
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like doing that again.
You'd be surprised how much money Tom and Mary have in the bank.
Tom and Mary said they didn't ever want to do that again.
You know that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they didn't do what John said they did.
You know that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John could do that.
You know Tom and Mary aren't likely to do that today, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they did that as quickly as they could.
You knew that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary said they couldn't provide any more details.
What makes you think Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they couldn't keep John for doing that.
We can't keep pretending that Tom and Mary don't have a problem.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure John needs to do that.
Tom and Mary said that John looked like he was enjoying himself.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going John's party tonight.
Tom and Mary have convinced John to stay for another three days.
Tom and Mary said they I thought I should do that myself.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on doing that with.
Tom and Mary said there's nothing they can do about that.
Tom and Mary don't believe John could do that without some help.
Tom and Mary said the beach was nicer than they expected.
Tom and Mary are trying to do something that's impossible to do.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be glad to do that for you.
Tom and Mary are still trying to convince John to go to college.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't motivated to do that.
This is the book that Tom and Mary were talking about yesterday.
Tom and Mary said that they were very willing to do that.
The problem is that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said that they were very tempted to do that.
The price tags are still on the shirts Tom and Mary are wearing.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad they did that.
The only thing Tom and Mary like to do after dinner is watch TV.
Tom and Mary said that they were very glad John did that.
The only ones here who don't regret doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they were very anxious to do that.
The only ones here who can probably go with us are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they were really eager to do that.
The doctor told us that what Tom and Mary have isn't contagious.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that they did that.
That tall building across the street is where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad that John did that.
Sometimes it's hard to tell when Tom and Mary are being serious.
Tom and Mary said that they told John to do his homework.
Perhaps the only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they needed to get some fresh air.
Perhaps the only ones here who need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they had everything under control.
Perhaps the only ones here who have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to eat very much.
Obviously, Tom and Mary haven't told anyone about what happened.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't sleep well last night.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are just pretending to be asleep.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know where John lived.
It's amazing how much trouble Tom and Mary are able to get into.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't expect that to happen.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to go to Boston with us.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't do that by themselves.
Isn't there a chance that Tom and Mary are doing that right now?
Tom and Mary said John wasn't going to do that with them.
I've always said Tom and Mary are excellent judges of character.
Tom and Mary said John told them he was ready to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary regret telling John their telephone numbers.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary refused to admit that they'd made a mistake.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary get paid a lot more than I do.
Tom and Mary realized they no longer needed to help John.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are planning to be here today.
Tom and Mary realized they could be making a big mistake.
I'm not sure why Tom and Mary are being blamed for the accident.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't do that anymore.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are the ones I need to worry about.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't be late anymore.
I want to live in the same neighborhood where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd do that, but they didn't.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be here for three weeks.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't come here anymore.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't do that anymore.
I think Tom and Mary share too much personal information online.
Tom and Mary probably won't be hungry when they get here.
I think Tom and Mary aren't likely to go to Boston anytime soon.
Tom and Mary probably should do that as soon as they can.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones here who aren't drinking.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what they did was wrong.
I hate to tell you this, but Tom and Mary don't really like you.
Tom and Mary probably don't know how they should do that.
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom and Mary to help us do that.
Tom and Mary pretended that they were having a good time.
I don't think Tom and Mary really know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary posted pictures of themselves on their blog.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what the homework assignment is.
Tom and Mary played basketball when they were in college.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very much experience doing that.
Tom and Mary overheard John and Alice talking about them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have gotten around to doing that yet.
Tom and Mary never should've let John out of their sight.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the kind of people who'd do that.
Tom and Mary never said anything about where they'd been.
I don't think Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary never got the chance to eat lunch, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are feeling very well this afternoon.
Tom and Mary need to go back home to get their passports.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary must've had a good reason for what they did.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were going to have to leave early.
Tom and Mary must be busier now than they were last year.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go fishing with.
Tom and Mary might've waited longer if you'd called them.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go camping with.
Tom and Mary might've left their umbrellas in John's car.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were still high school students.
Tom and Mary might run into John while they're in Boston.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were in Boston the same time we were.
Tom and Mary might not be as smart as you think they are.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary might not be as happy as you think they are.
I can't think of anyone who hates you more than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary may come and visit me any time they want to.
How many months do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary made up their minds to try doing that again.
How long do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that so far?
Tom and Mary made up their mind to do that by themselves.
Everything's going to be great as soon as Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't want me here.
Do you think you could do the same thing Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary looked very tired when I saw them yesterday.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that?
Tom and Mary looked like they were in a hurry to do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are already through doing that?
Tom and Mary looked like they were going to start crying.
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston with us?
Tom and Mary looked like they were determined to do that.
Do what Tom and Mary tell you to do and everything will be fine.
Tom and Mary looked around, but they didn't see anything.
Did you know Tom and Mary were planning to go swimming tomorrow?
Tom and Mary look like they're amused by what's going on.
Are you still convinced Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary let me know that they were going to do that.
Are you saying Tom and Mary are the ones who stole your bicycle?
Tom and Mary let John know that they'd done that already.
All three of us thought Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary let John know that they'd already done that.
All I know is that Tom and Mary are supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom and Mary know they're wrong, but they won't admit it.
You're the only one who seem to know why Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary know they'll never be able to do that again.
You'd be amazed how much time Tom and Mary spend playing games.
Tom and Mary know John better than they know anyone else.
You seemed surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary knew why John didn't want them at his party.
You didn't know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary knew they weren't going to win the argument.
You didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that, did you?
Tom and Mary knew they were the best players on the team.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want us to do that?
Tom and Mary knew they shouldn't tell John, but they did.
What were you guys doing while Tom and Mary were chopping wood?
Tom and Mary knew they should wait, but they left anyway.
We just have to make sure Tom and Mary are planning to be here.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't likely to be elected.
Tom and Mary tucked John into bed and read him a bedtime story.
Tom and Mary knew that they were going to need some help.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on giving that to.
Tom and Mary knew that they needed to buy gifts for John.
Tom and Mary don't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't reach the top shelf.
Tom and Mary are in the parking lot right now, waiting for you.
Tom and Mary just called me to tell me that they're lost.
Tom and Mary are hoping to find a solution to the problem soon.
Tom and Mary invited John over to their place for dinner.
Tom and Mary are going to need a few more hours to finish this.
Tom and Mary insisted they weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to make some very tough choices.
Tom and Mary heard a noise behind them and turned around.
Tom and Mary are going to have a lot more questions than we do.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they want us to do.
The only place Tom and Mary have ever wanted to live is Boston.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me why they didn't do that.
The only ones here who don't enjoy doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me who helped them do that.
The only ones here who aren't able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary haven't yet paid back the money they owe me.
The only ones here who are willing to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they're supposed to do.
That medicine didn't seem to make Tom and Mary feel any better.
Tom and Mary haven't done as much as you think they have.
Tell me again where Tom and Mary are planning to go to college.
Tom and Mary have told me they're planning on doing that.
Sometimes Tom and Mary don't really understand what's going on.
Tom and Mary have told me they'll study French next year.
Perhaps you should wait until Tom and Mary get here to do that.
Tom and Mary have just been told that they've been fired.
On this matter, I feel exactly the same as way Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary have enough time to do that if they want to.
Let's not forget that Tom and Mary are only thirteen years old.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy whatever they want.
Let's hope Tom and Mary don't try to do that without some help.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy whatever they need.
It's been three years since Tom and Mary have been to visit us.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy anything they want.
It was hard to figure out what Tom and Mary were trying to say.
Tom and Mary have been told not to do that by themselves.
Isn't it possible that Tom and Mary were the ones who did this?
Tom and Mary have asked John to show them how to do that.
I'm surprised that Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary have always been able to get what they want.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't live in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they want to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they need to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have been to Boston several times.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they have to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are the only ones who can do that.
Tom and Mary have already told John they want to do that.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are the ones who stole my bicycle.
Tom and Mary hate John, but not as much as he hates them.
I'm fairly certain that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary hardly ever do what you'd expect them to do.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary had no idea why John wanted them to do that.
I'd be willing to do almost anything Tom and Mary ask me to do.
Tom and Mary had difficulty convincing John to help them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary found the key that they thought they'd lost.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are going to do with all that money.
Tom and Mary found jobs not too far from where they live.
I want to wear the same kind of clothes that Tom and Mary wear.
Tom and Mary expect all three of us to do that with them.
I want to know how much time Tom and Mary have spent in Boston.
Tom and Mary drove to the hospital as fast as they could.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't interested in mountain climbing.
Tom and Mary don't want to admit how much they miss John.
I think the books Tom and Mary are reading must be interesting.
Tom and Mary don't want John to go anywhere without them.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who know how to do that.
Tom and Mary don't understand what you expect them to do.
I stopped caring about what Tom and Mary think a long time ago.
I just happened to be there at the same time Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll ever be able to do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary were traveling with you in Australia.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll be permitted to do that.
I have the feeling that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John will allow them to do that.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't really think that I did that, do they?
I don't think we'll need to ask Tom and Mary to do that for us.
Tom and Mary don't really believe that nonsense, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary were particularly pleased to see me.
Tom and Mary don't need to do that if they don't want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that won't happen anytime soon.
Tom and Mary don't look like they're enjoying themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how long the meeting will last.
Tom and Mary don't know who they should ask to help them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to study French next year.
Tom and Mary don't know they'll never be able to do that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are going to be this afternoon.
Tom and Mary don't know how to explain how they did that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were capable of doing such a thing.
Tom and Mary don't have to help us if they don't want to.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were such close friends of yours.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that if they don't want to.
I didn't know you were going to let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary don't have John to do that for them anymore.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to go hiking with.
Tom and Mary don't carry much with them when they travel.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were going to go to Boston with.
Tom and Mary don't care what other people say about them.
I didn't know that I was supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary do the dishes as soon as they finish eating.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary do that the way John taught them to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to have to do that again.
Tom and Mary didn't want to call attention to themselves.
I could tell right away that Tom and Mary weren't feeling well.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would come to their party.
I can't believe this is what Tom and Mary really want us to do.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me whether or not they did that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary really don't want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they wanted to be scientists.
How many years do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they didn't know how to swim.
How many weeks do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they wanted to do that.
How many hours do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they needed more money.
How did you figure out Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were going to do that.
Everyone knows Tom and Mary were the ones who broke the window.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they couldn't speak French.
Don't you remember how bad Tom and Mary are at speaking French?
Tom and Mary didn't seem to remember what they had to do.
Do you think Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen?
Tom and Mary didn't say when they were planning to leave.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that?
Tom and Mary didn't say how many times they'd been there.
Do you have any idea how long Tom and Mary have been in Boston?
Tom and Mary didn't really want to help us, but they did.
Do Tom and Mary still want to go swimming with us next weekend?
Tom and Mary didn't really mean what they said, did they?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary are extremely gifted artists?
Tom and Mary didn't often do that when they were younger.
Did you know Tom and Mary have several very valuable paintings?
Tom and Mary didn't notice that they were being followed.
Are you saying Tom and Mary were the ones who broke the window?
Tom and Mary didn't notice that John was staring at them.
Are Tom and Mary still planning on staying with us next summer?
Tom and Mary didn't like carrots when they were children.
You're the only other person who knows where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John wanted them to do that.
You still don't know why Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary didn't know that what they'd done was wrong.
You still don't know why Tom and Mary have to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary didn't know that they'd done anything wrong.
You knew that Tom and Mary were trying to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary didn't even notice John was looking at them.
You knew Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary didn't do that as quickly as they should've.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary didn't buy me what they promised they'd buy.
You don't seem to understand why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't actually do what they said they'd do.
You don't know when Tom and Mary are going to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary did say that they didn't want to go with us.
You didn't seem to be aware that Tom and Mary were doing that.
Tom and Mary did a lot better today than they usually do.
What Tom and Mary were eating weren't apples. They were pears.
Tom and Mary denied that they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary want to live in a country where French is spoken.
Tom and Mary definitely know that they shouldn't be here.
Tom and Mary have told John that he isn't required to do that.
Tom and Mary decided they were too old for rock climbing.
Tom and Mary don't live here anymore. They've moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary decided that they shouldn't stay any longer.
Tom and Mary don't know where Alice bought her pearl necklace.
Tom and Mary couldn't speak French when I first met them.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really wants to do that today.
Tom and Mary couldn't go swimming because they were sick.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really wants to do that again.
Tom and Mary could've protected John if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary aren't going to give John the money he asked for.
Tom and Mary could run a lot faster when they were young.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out why that happened.
Tom and Mary could do that if they put their minds to it.
Tom and Mary are at the supermarket buying food for the party.
Tom and Mary could do that for John if he wanted them to.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same age as the rest of us.
Tom and Mary could be planning to go there by themselves.
This is the second time Tom and Mary have been here this week.
Tom and Mary can't cook very well, so they often eat out.
This is the kind of music that Tom and Mary like to listen to.
Tom and Mary called to ask if they should bring anything.
Things won't be the same around here after Tom and Mary leave.
Tom and Mary bought themselves new guitars for Christmas.
The only ones here who don't want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary bought John everything he asked them to buy.
The only ones here who don't need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary began writing songs when they were thirteen.
The only ones here who don't like doing that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary ate their lunches in the park by themselves.
The only ones here who don't have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary ate dinner, but they didn't eat any dessert.
The only ones here who are afraid to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary ate a whole box of chocolates by themselves.
The only country Tom and Mary have ever lived in is Australia.
Tom and Mary assured us that they wouldn't do that again.
That isn't the main reason Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary assured me that they wouldn't do that again.
Only a few people here know that Tom and Mary are from Boston.
Tom and Mary asked if they really needed to wear helmets.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to do that.
Tom and Mary asked John to teach them how to drive a car.
Maybe the only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary asked John to help them clean their offices.
Maybe the only ones here who need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary asked John not to wake them up before seven.
Maybe the only ones here who have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary asked John if he'd mind doing that for them.
It's probably not a good idea to do what Tom and Mary suggest.
Tom and Mary asked John if he wanted to ride their horse.
It's hard to tell whether Tom and Mary are laughing or crying.
Tom and Mary asked John if he could make them sandwiches.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't interested in going with us.
Tom and Mary aren't really planning to do that, are they?
It just so happens I do know where Tom and Mary are right now.
Tom and Mary aren't quite sure what they should be doing.
Isn't it obvious that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary aren't quite as reliable as they used to be.
Is there something special about the way Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary aren't planning on doing that by themselves.
I've already done everything Tom and Mary have asked me to do.
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to go there by themselves.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary were trying to tell us something.
Tom and Mary aren't likely be punished for what they did.
I'm not the only one who doesn't know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that the way they were told to.
I'm not sure you realize how important Tom and Mary are to me.
Tom and Mary aren't coming, because I don't want them to.
I wish we were doing the same thing as Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary aren't as old as most people think they are.
I used to work at the same bakery where Tom and Mary work now.
Tom and Mary aren't actually going to eat that, are they?
I told the police that Tom and Mary were with me at that time.
Tom and Mary are younger than most people think they are.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary are young, but they know what they're doing.
I thought Tom and Mary were the best singers on stage tonight.
Tom and Mary are waiting for someone to do that for them.
I think you should take the job Tom and Mary are offering you.
Tom and Mary are unwilling to do what we want them to do.
I think that's the reason Tom and Mary don't have any friends.
Tom and Mary are unlikely to do what they say they'll do.
I think that's exactly what Tom and Mary are expecting you do.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out what they need to do.
I think Tom and Mary don't really have the courage to do that.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out what they have to do.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to stop crying anytime soon.
Tom and Mary are too young to be doing that on their own.
I think Tom and Mary are going to have a hard time doing that.
Tom and Mary are tired of people telling them what to do.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that in Boston next week.
Tom and Mary are thinking about what they should do next.
I think Tom and Mary are getting a little tired of doing that.
Tom and Mary are supposed to do that before they go home.
I should've warned you that Tom and Mary are a little strange.
Tom and Mary are still pretending they're not interested.
I need to know why Tom and Mary were absent from school today.
Tom and Mary are still not sure why they need to do that.
I know this isn't the first time Tom and Mary have lied to us.
Tom and Mary are still looking for a house they can rent.
I know I don't have to do anything Tom and Mary tell me to do.
Tom and Mary are still expecting John to help them today.
I knew Tom and Mary were going to be arrested sooner or later.
Tom and Mary are smarter than most people think they are.
I doubt that Tom and Mary understand what we're talking about.
Tom and Mary are sitting in the corner all by themselves.
I don't think there's any reason Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary are richer than you probably think they are.
I don't think there's any reason Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary are probably going to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom and Mary are playing by themselves in the front yard.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who can do that and who can't.
Tom and Mary are never going to see John again, are they?
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary are never going to admit that they're wrong.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the time to do that right now.
Tom and Mary are more scared of you than you are of them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever seen one of these before.
Tom and Mary are lucky John is here to help them do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy a new car.
Tom and Mary are lost, but they're unwilling to admit it.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the ones who wrote this report.
Tom and Mary are hoping they can take care of themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the ones who need to apologize.
Tom and Mary are having a lot of trouble with their cars.
I don't think I understand what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
Tom and Mary are going to start their new jobs on Monday.
I don't like speaking in French and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary are going to have to go there by themselves.
I didn't think it was a good idea to let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are going to get very dirty if they do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary weren't having a good time.
Tom and Mary are going to get in trouble if they do that.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were planning to see in Boston.
Tom and Mary are going to do whatever you ask them to do.
I didn't know when Tom and Mary were planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary are going to do that the way they always do.
I definitely don't want to be here when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary are going to do that the way I told them to.
How many days do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary are going to be fired if they do that again.
How did you know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary are going to be fined if they do that again.
Everybody here knows that Tom and Mary speak very good French.
Tom and Mary are getting the results that they hoped for.
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to be here this afternoon?
Tom and Mary are doing everything they can to save money.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are interested in doing that?
Tom and Mary are coming here this afternoon, aren't they?
Do you know where Tom and Mary have been the past three weeks?
Tom and Mary are at the door. Please ask them to come in.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary weren't paid for doing that?
Tom and Mary are always asking me to get things for them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be here today?
Tom and Mary apologized to John for losing their tempers.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary don't like watching sports on TV?
Tom and Mary almost injured themselves trying to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary are also pretty good bassoonists?
Tom and Mary admitted to John that they couldn't do that.
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to go to Boston tomorrow?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd stolen money from John.
Did you know Tom and Mary are very good at playing basketball?
This is where Tom and Mary said they found the gold coin.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are the only ones who didn't do that.
The only person Tom and Mary say they'll talk to is John.
About how many times do you think Tom and Mary have done that?
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were eating apples.
You know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, don't you?
Tell Tom and Mary I'd like to meet with them immediately.
You haven't done that as much as Tom and Mary have, have you?
Since Tom and Mary are sick, I'm sure they won't do that.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were going to Boston with us.
Remind me to thank Tom and Mary the next time I see them.
Wouldn't you like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Please tell Tom and Mary what you think they ought to do.
What were Tom and Mary looking for out there in the backyard?
Please tell Tom and Mary that they don't need to do that.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to stay in Boston until Monday?
Please tell Tom and Mary that they don't have to do that.
We've got to make sure Tom and Mary don't ever do that again.
Please tell Tom and Mary everything we want them to know.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
No matter what Tom and Mary wear, they always look great.
We can save a little time if we do what Tom and Mary suggest.
My advice is to tell Tom and Mary what they want to know.
We all need to pay closer attention to what Tom and Mary say.
Maybe Tom and Mary thought you wouldn't want to see them.
Tom and Mary have been getting some very interesting results.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they have to do that today.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning to give that to.
If you don't do what Tom and Mary say, they'll get angry.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning to do that with.
I'm sure Tom and Mary understand what we want them to do.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on staying with.
Tom and Mary don't know when John is planning to go to Boston
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary did what they said they did.
Tom and Mary are pleased with the way things have turned out.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are here to make sure that doesn't happen again.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to talk about that at today's meeting.
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. Do you know where they are?
Tom and Mary are going to have steak and potatoes for dinner.
I'm going to allow Tom and Mary to do whatever they want.
The train that Tom and Mary were riding was hit by lightning.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really knew they should do that.
The only ones here who can probably do that are Tom and Mary.
I wonder if Tom and Mary actually did that by themselves.
The only ones here who are eager to do that are Tom and Mary.
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't drink that water.
The only country Tom and Mary have ever gone to is Australia.
I told Tom and Mary that they should buy the cheaper one.
The doctor said that what Tom and Mary have isn't contagious.
I told Tom and Mary it was dangerous for them to do that.
Maybe you need to be reminded how dangerous Tom and Mary are.
I told Tom and Mary John wanted to borrow their mandolin.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that won't happen anytime soon.
I thought Tom and Mary would be doing that by themselves.
Make sure that you don't do that while Tom and Mary are here.
I think Tom and Mary would've come if you'd invited them.
Let's not forget that Tom and Mary are depending on our help.
I think Tom and Mary will be able to do that if they try.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having a hard time doing that.
I think Tom and Mary said they've already read this book.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having a hard time doing that.
I think Tom and Mary did exactly what they said they did.
I've already done everything Tom and Mary have told me to do.
I think Tom and Mary could leave today if they wanted to.
I'm staying at the same hotel where Tom and Mary are staying.
I think Tom and Mary came to Boston when they were young.
I'm convinced that Tom and Mary aren't telling us everything.
I shouldn't have told Tom and Mary how I felt about them.
I'd be interested to know what Tom's and Mary's opinions are.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they needed to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston with us.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary what they need to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do that the way I suggested.
I should probably tell Tom and Mary what they have to do.
I went to the same school that Tom and Mary are going to now.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't do what we asked them to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary remember where they buried the money.
I wasn't even in Boston the night Tom and Mary were murdered.
I hope Tom and Mary do everything they've promised to do.
I was very surprised that Tom and Mary weren't at your party.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what John asked them to do.
I was a sophomore in college the year Tom and Mary were born.
I gave Tom and Mary something that I thought they'd like.
I want someone to tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
I forgot to remind Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't going to be happy about this.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that by themselves.
I thought you wouldn't notice that Tom and Mary weren't here.
I don't think Tom and Mary really did that by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be in Boston last month.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who's going to help them.
I think you should do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're going to do.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to go to school yesterday.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they need to do yet.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who're supposed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they have to do yet.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be busy tomorrow afternoon.
I don't really think Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
I suspect that Tom and Mary are the ones who stole the money.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want me to help them.
I suppose that's one of the reasons Tom and Mary aren't here.
I don't believe Tom and Mary did what John said they did.
I really wish I knew when Tom and Mary were going to be here.
I don't believe Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I might've been in Boston at the same time Tom and Mary were.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary what they were supposed to do.
I know this isn't the first time Tom and Mary have done that.
I didn't recognize Tom and Mary the last time I saw them.
I knew you wouldn't like the kind of music Tom and Mary play.
I didn't allow Tom and Mary to do what they wanted to do.
I hear sugar is cheaper at the store where Tom and Mary work.
I asked Tom and Mary why they thought that was important.
I had the feeling that Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
I asked Tom and Mary if they could have it ready by 2:30.
I guess I should've known Tom and Mary weren't going to help.
How did Tom and Mary react when they saw John doing that?
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that.
How did Tom and Mary get John to give them so much money?
I don't think Tom and Mary realize how difficult this job is.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that?
I don't think Tom and Mary know what it's like to be in love.
Have Tom and Mary ever told you why they don't like John?
I don't think Tom and Mary know anyone who's able to do that.
Have Tom and Mary decided what they're going to major in?
I don't think Tom and Mary have studied French for very long.
Go wake Tom and Mary up and tell them breakfast is ready.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy a ticket.
Even Tom and Mary don't think they'll be able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea what should be done.
Do you think Tom and Mary will let John do that for them?
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea what has to be done.
Do you know Tom and Mary well enough to ask them to help?
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends who speak French.
Do Tom and Mary still do the same things they used to do?
I don't think Tom and Mary have a lot of teaching experience.
Do Tom and Mary know we can't do that without their help?
I don't see anything wrong with letting Tom and Mary do that.
Did you tell Tom and Mary why you wanted them to do that?
I don't know who Tom and Mary are going to go to Boston with.
Did you tell Tom and Mary when we expect them to be here?
I don't know whether Tom and Mary still live in Boston or not
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they weren't here yesterday?
I don't know where Tom and Mary want me to plant the lettuce.
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they weren't at the meeting?
I don't know how to do what Tom and Mary have asked me to do.
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they didn't want to do that?
I don't know how many times Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
Did Tom and Mary say why they wanted to borrow the truck?
I don't know how many brothers and sisters Tom and Mary have.
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they needed to do that?
I didn't think Tom and Mary were going to be able to do that.
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think we should do that?
I didn't think Tom and Mary were difficult to get along with.
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't think we had to do that?
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth.
Did Tom and Mary remember to do what we asked them to do?
I didn't notice that Tom and Mary were wearing wedding rings.
Can you please just give Tom and Mary whatever they want?
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that today.
Ask Tom and Mary whether they're going to do that or not.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to allow me to do that.
Ask Tom and Mary if they really need to be there by 2:30.
I can't understand why Tom and Mary don't want to go with us.
As a matter of fact, Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
I can't tell you where Tom and Mary are because I don't know.
All Tom and Mary wanted was for John to leave them alone.
I already know that Tom and Mary don't plan to be here today.
You told Tom and Mary they couldn't do that, didn't you?
How were Tom and Mary able to lose so much weight so quickly?
You should've told Tom and Mary why they had to do that.
How do you know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
You should tell Tom and Mary why you disagree with them.
How did you learn that Tom and Mary weren't living in Boston?
You should tell Tom and Mary that they ought to do that.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to go fishing today?
You asked Tom and Mary why they'd done that, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that?
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary what they think happened?
Do Tom and Mary know that you don't know how to speak French?
Why did you let Tom and Mary go to Boston by themselves?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary weren't having a good time?
Whenever Tom and Mary come to Boston, they stay with us.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were still high school students?
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were still students.
Did you know Tom and Mary are pretty good at speaking French?
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were just teenagers.
Did you know Tom and Mary are actually not very conservative?
What would Tom and Mary say if they walked in right now?
Could you make sure Tom and Mary remember to bring swimsuits?
What were Tom and Mary doing the last time you saw them?
Because of the snow storm, Tom and Mary were stuck in Boston.
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to get there?
Aren't you convinced Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
What movie did Tom and Mary tell you they wanted to see?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't know how to do that?
What game did Tom and Mary tell you they wanted to play?
Are Tom and Mary still interested in going to Boston with us?
What did you tell Tom and Mary they were supposed to do?
You know Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that, don't you?
What did you tell Tom and Mary they were expected to do?
You knew Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that, didn't you?
What did Tom and Mary tell you they were supposed to do?
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that again.
What did Tom and Mary tell you they were expected to do?
You don't really think Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
We'll ask Tom and Mary what they think when we see them.
You don't have to do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
We shouldn't have left Tom and Mary there by themselves.
You didn't seem to understand what Tom and Mary were saying.
We should ask Tom and Mary what they think we should do.
Why don't we see if Tom and Mary want to play cards with us?
We need to make sure Tom and Mary don't hurt themselves.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that?
When did you find out Tom and Mary weren't going to do that?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they needed to do that?
What makes you think Tom and Mary haven't done that already?
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from where they work.
What makes you think Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
Tom and Mary's dog woke them up a little after midnight.
We're having the same problems that Tom and Mary are having.
Tom and Mary's doctor advised them to get more exercise.
Tom and Mary live about three blocks from the train station.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary haven't eaten any food for the past three days.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they didn't like John.
Tom and Mary have told John that he doesn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell John why they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary have told John that he doesn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that the way you said they did.
Tom and Mary have been working as teachers for thirty years.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be here if they didn't have to be.
Tom and Mary don't think John would ever be able to do that.
Tom and Mary would've succeeded if they'd worked harder.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let John go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary would've gone with us if we'd invited them.
Tom and Mary are trying to make the best of a bad situation.
Tom and Mary would tell me if they weren't happy, right?
Tom and Mary are trying to figure out what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary would stop doing that if you asked them to.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what's going on.
Tom and Mary would often do that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out how to fix that.
Tom and Mary would never do that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary are probably still difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary would like you to show them how to do that.
Tom and Mary are making more money this year than last year.
Tom and Mary would be furious if they knew what you did.
Tom and Mary are interested in buying one of your paintings.
Tom and Mary wondered why John didn't want to help them.
This is the kind of program that Tom and Mary like to watch.
Tom and Mary won't likely want to do that by themselves.
There's something I have to do before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they don't like him.
The problem is that Tom and Mary are just as scared as I am.
Tom and Mary won't likely need to do that by themselves.
The police believe Tom and Mary were involved in the murder.
Tom and Mary won't likely have to do that by themselves.
The only ones here who don't like swimming are Tom and Mary.
The only ones here who don't like kayaking are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary won't find anybody who'll do that for them.
The only ones here who don't enjoy fishing are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary won't admit it, but they're in big trouble.
The only ones here who are able to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary wished they could understand French better.
The doctor says that Tom and Mary are going to be all right.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they're not sleepy.
The children watched TV as Tom and Mary were cooking dinner.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they're not hungry.
That isn't the main reason why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they won't do that.
That isn't the main reason why Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they aren't sleepy.
Some of the people who work with Tom and Mary are Canadians.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they aren't hungry.
Perhaps the only ones here who can do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary will probably get punished if they do that.
My good friends, Tom and Mary, convinced me to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary will probably get arrested if they do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary will probably be hungry when they get home.
Keep in mind that Tom and Mary don't speak French very well.
Tom and Mary will probably be hungry when they get here.
It's easy to understand why Tom and Mary don't like it here.
Tom and Mary will explain it to you when they come back.
It seems fairly obvious that Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary will be living in Boston with their father.
It doesn't matter to me whether Tom and Mary do that or not.
Tom and Mary weren't sure what they were supposed to do.
Is there any chance Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary weren't convinced that they had to do that.
If I'd known Tom and Mary were in Boston, I'd have told you.
Tom and Mary weren't able to make themselves understood.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are planning to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary weren't able to eat as much they wanted to.
I'm the only one here who knows what Tom and Mary look like.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do anything they had to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary weren't able to buy everything they needed.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary were unable to do what we asked them to do.
I'm pretty sure that I make more money than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary were too scared to walk home by themselves.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have been telling us the truth.
Tom and Mary were told that they're required to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary aren't telling the whole truth.
Tom and Mary were sure that they'd never see John again.
I'm pretty certain that Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary were so tired they didn't even want to eat.
I'm not the only one who thinks Tom and Mary are overweight.
Tom and Mary were shocked when they saw John doing that.
I'm fairly certain that Tom and Mary have already done that.
Tom and Mary were paid thirty dollars for what they did.
I'll try to find out why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary were lying to John when they told him that.
I'll see to it that Tom and Mary do everything you've asked.
Tom and Mary were late because their car ran out of gas.
I'll find out whether Tom and Mary have ever been to Boston.
Tom and Mary were hoping John would eat lunch with them.
I'd be disappointed if Tom and Mary don't come to our party.
Tom and Mary were fortunate that John did that for them.
I would've never guessed that Tom and Mary were from Boston.
Tom and Mary were convinced that they needed to do that.
I wasn't sure whether Tom and Mary were still asleep or not.
Tom and Mary were born in Boston and they grew up there.
I want to know why Tom and Mary aren't working here anymore.
Tom and Mary went back to where they'd met John earlier.
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't members of our club.
Tom and Mary wanted John to show them how to make pizza.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were going to be here today.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them solve the problem.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were going to be busy today.
Tom and Mary want John to help them with their homework.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be the ones to do that.
Tom and Mary walked into their room and closed the door.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask you not to do that.
Tom and Mary usually wear wetsuits when they go surfing.
I thought Tom and Mary were better at doing that than I was.
Tom and Mary used the money I gave them to buy bicycles.
I thought I heard Tom and Mary were going to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary tried to leave, but John wouldn't let them.
I think you should find out when Tom and Mary plan to leave.
Tom and Mary tried to get John to pay for their tickets.
I think Tom and Mary were trying to warn us about something.
Tom and Mary tried to convince John that they'd changed.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to be busy this afternoon.
Tom and Mary took the concert tickets John offered them.
I think I know why Tom and Mary weren't at school yesterday.
Tom and Mary told me why they'd decided to study French.
I sure wish I could speak French as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary told me where they hid the stolen diamonds.
I sure hope Tom and Mary wait until we get there to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they're still not fluent in French.
I suggest you don't do what Tom and Mary tell you not to do.
I still think Tom and Mary don't understand what's going on.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be home this weekend.
I still have no idea why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they were planning to go to Boston.
I knew Tom and Mary were making a lot more money than I was.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to kill themselves.
I hoped you might be able to tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to do that for them.
I hope Tom and Mary never find out what happened here today.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to do that for John.
I had to make sure Tom and Mary were still planning to come.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they wouldn't do that.
I found out that Tom and Mary were here yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they couldn't do that.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom and Mary were happy.
Tom and Mary told me they thought John couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought I was wasting my time.
I don't think Tom and Mary really like doing that very much.
Tom and Mary told me they don't want to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to do the breast stroke.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to move to Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly what has to be done.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to live in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly how much it'll cost.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know why John had left.
I don't think Tom and Mary know as many people here as I do.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have very many friends.
I don't think Tom and Mary know about those kinds of things.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have driver's licenses.
I don't think Tom and Mary know a lot about classical music.
Tom and Mary told me they already have plans for Monday.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they're determined to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go to school next Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd like to become doctors.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to get up so early tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much experience in teaching.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't scared of snakes.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any intention of doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were hesitant to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the right people for the job.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought they had the flu.
I don't know why Tom and Mary need to borrow thirty dollars.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was worried.
I don't know who Tom and Mary are planning to see in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was thirsty.
I don't know when Tom and Mary are planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was strange.
I don't know how many years Tom and Mary have been teachers.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was sincere.
I don't know how Tom and Mary were able to afford a new car.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was serious.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was selfish.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be here today.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was retired.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to tell us what to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was puzzled.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to tell me what to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was outside.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be through by 2:30.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was nervous.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be doing that here.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was married.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were finished doing that already.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was jealous.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were already finished doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was correct.
I can't stand the thought of losing Tom and Mary as friends.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was adopted.
I always suspected that Tom and Mary were a little paranoid.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John looked pale.
How much longer are Tom and Mary planning to live in Boston?
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John knew French.
How long do you think it'll be before Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary told me that they saw someone kissing John.
How do you know that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
Tom and Mary told me that they hadn't seen John all day.
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary told me that they didn't intend to do that.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary were able to do that?
Tom and Mary told John why they weren't able to do that.
Have Tom and Mary been having problems with anyone recently?
Tom and Mary told John why they were late for his party.
Even if I knew where Tom and Mary were, I wouldn't tell you.
Tom and Mary told John why they needed to buy a new car.
Do you think anyone will care if Tom and Mary don't do that?
Tom and Mary told John to give them a call after dinner.
Do you think Tom and Mary are the only ones who can do that?
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want anything to eat.
Do you think Tom and Mary are responsible for what happened?
Tom and Mary told John they could do that by themselves.
Do you have any idea what'll happen if Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd eat lunch with Alice.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary were doing in Boston?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be unable to do that.
Do we have time to finish this before Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be likely to do that.
Do Tom and Mary always eat lunch at the same time every day?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be afraid to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary aren't really from Boston?
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't having any fun.
Did you know that Tom and Mary don't have driver's licenses?
Tom and Mary told John that they were unsure what to do.
Did you know that Tom and Mary are extremely gifted artists?
Tom and Mary told John that they were afraid to do that.
As far as I can tell, Tom and Mary are doing well at school.
Tom and Mary told John that they wanted to study French.
Are you going to be ready by the time Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary told John that they used to live in Boston.
Are Tom and Mary still planning to stay with us next summer?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was well.
You thought Tom and Mary were doing that today, didn't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was rich.
You know why Tom and Mary don't want to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was nice.
You know Tom and Mary no longer have to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was lost.
You knew Tom and Mary were unlikely to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was lazy.
You knew Tom and Mary were supposed to do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was home.
You don't think Tom and Mary have to do that today, do you?
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was dead.
You don't seem convinced that Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was cold.
You don't seem convinced that Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was busy.
You don't care whether Tom and Mary do that or not, do you?
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't want to do that.
You didn't know Tom and Mary were going to Boston, did you?
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't like doing that.
You and I both know what'll happen if Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they didn't know what to do.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary want to talk to.
Tom and Mary told John that Alice was their best friend.
Why do you think Tom and Mary prefer living in the country?
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to help us tomorrow.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are going to go to college?
Tom and Mary thought they were going to win the contest.
What's the name of the song that Tom and Mary were singing?
Tom and Mary thought they were going to enjoy the party.
What Tom and Mary think doesn't matter all that much to me.
Tom and Mary thought they might be permitted to do that.
Were you aware Tom and Mary were having financial problems?
Tom and Mary thought John knew why they didn't like him.
Were Tom and Mary supposed to be at this morning's meeting?
Tom and Mary think they know how to get to John's house.
We still don't know what Tom and Mary are going to do next.
Tom and Mary think John would be upset if they did that.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that again.
Tom and Mary think John would be angry if they did that.
Tom and Mary will be helping me do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and Mary talked John into going to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary study French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary still haven't told me what they plan to do.
Tom and Mary said John's horse is a lot faster than theirs.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they want to do.
Tom and Mary opened the bag and knew that it wasn't theirs.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they need to do.
Tom and Mary don't think John would really want to do that.
Tom and Mary still have a lot of things they have to do.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning on going with.
Tom and Mary still do that even though they're very old.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really did that by himself.
Tom and Mary sometimes do that and sometimes they don't.
Tom and Mary aren't going to be getting much sleep tonight.
Tom and Mary showed John the pictures they were drawing.
Tom and Mary aren't doing anything you wouldn't approve of.
Tom and Mary should've told John about what they'd done.
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to finish getting dressed.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way we showed them.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out why we need to do that.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way I told them to.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out why we have to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably not tell John they're busy.
Tom and Mary are the ones who're supposed to be doing that.
Tom and Mary should never have gone there by themselves.
Tom and Mary are still trying to find out where John lives.
Tom and Mary sell most of the vegetables that they grow.
Tom and Mary are seriously thinking about moving to Boston.
Tom and Mary seldom sing, but I think they will tonight.
Tom and Mary are moving to Boston at the end of this month.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them about it.
Tom and Mary are going to take the bus that leaves at 2:30.
Tom and Mary seem to be unaware of what they have to do.
This is probably the key that Tom and Mary are looking for.
Tom and Mary seem a lot happier since they got divorced.
There's no reason Tom and Mary need to know why I did that.
Tom and Mary say they've already decided not to do that.
There's no reason Tom and Mary have to know why I did that.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that when they're in Boston.
The train Tom and Mary are waiting for is going to be late.
Tom and Mary say they won't have to work overtime today.
The problem is that Tom and Mary aren't very good teachers.
Tom and Mary say they won't ask John to do that anymore.
The only ones here who don't like fishing are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they want to learn how to speak French.
The only language Tom and Mary know how to speak is French.
Tom and Mary say they want to ask me a lot of questions.
The books Tom and Mary were reading weren't romance novels.
Tom and Mary say they think it might be easy to do that.
Someone told me that Tom and Mary weren't from around here.
Tom and Mary say they still can't believe John did that.
Perhaps the only ones here who can't swim are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they saw John when they were in Boston.
People like Tom and Mary probably know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary say they need to finish what they're doing.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want to sing.
Tom and Mary say they know John will eventually do that.
Maybe that's the reason why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary say they just want to get something to eat.
Let's not forget that Tom and Mary don't understand French.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't refuse to do that.
Let's go and see the movie Tom and Mary were talking about.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will help them tomorrow.
It's best if you do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will do that by himself.
It seems that Tom and Mary are unable to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will be able to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to start working here.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows he has to do that.
Is it true that Tom and Mary are staying in the same hotel?
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't want to do that.
If Tom and Mary were here, I wouldn't have to feed the dog.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't need to do that.
I've heard Tom and Mary are really good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't have to do that.
I'm telling you this because Tom and Mary are your friends.
Tom and Mary say they hope John can get home by himself.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary aren't going to fire you.
Tom and Mary say they have no desire to do that anymore.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are going to be there tonight.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to get home on Monday.
I'm positive Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my watch.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to ask John to do that.
I'll see if Tom and Mary know how to program in JavaScript.
Tom and Mary say they don't want me hanging around here.
I'd really like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they ought to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary have been so nice to me recently.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John wants to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so amused by what's going on.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John ought to do that.
I wish I'd known that Tom and Mary weren't allowed in here.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John needs to do that.
I wish I could play the ukulele as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they don't really feel like doing that.
I want you to find out why Tom and Mary weren't here today.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John is doing that.
I tried to warn you that Tom and Mary were looking for you.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where they should park.
I thought that Tom and Mary were going to enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what made them do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have the courage to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask us not to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't enjoy watching sports on TV.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask me not to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't care whether we stay or not.
I think this is the first time Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe you really did that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John wouldn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John couldn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they can stay here two or three nights.
I really don't like spaghetti the way Tom and Mary make it.
Tom and Mary say there's nothing they can do about that.
I may need more help than Tom and Mary are willing to give.
Tom and Mary say that they walked three miles yesterday.
I just found out that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they do that several times a week.
I figure we have a day or two before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say that they can prove that John did that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary say everybody they know has gone to Boston.
I don't think anyone really thought Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary saw something they weren't supposed to see.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you want me to do that.
Tom and Mary said you're better at French than they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's been happening here.
Tom and Mary said they've only gone camping three times.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what you're planning to do.
Tom and Mary said they've never seen John wearing jeans.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about classical music.
Tom and Mary said they've been trying to be cooperative.
I don't think Tom and Mary know as much about this as I do.
Tom and Mary said they've been told not do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much experience doing that.
Tom and Mary said they're very sure John should do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea why that happened.
Tom and Mary said they're very sure John has to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends here in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they're reluctant to do that for John.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be here until 2:30.
Tom and Mary said they're ready to do whatever it takes.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're looking forward to doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary said they're happy that you didn't do that.
I don't suppose you happen to know where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary said they're glad you were able to do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were the ones who broke that.
Tom and Mary said they're glad John was able to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they'll try to buy everything we need.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were in Boston last Monday.
Tom and Mary said they'll help me get everything I need.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary used to be French teachers.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that again on Monday.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary said they'd try doing that again on Monday.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be at the meeting.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather do that some other time.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to ask me to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why John did that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary think I'm a good chess player.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me do what I needed to do.
How many months have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary said they'd come, but they never showed up.
How do you know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that tomorrow.
How do you know Tom and Mary weren't going to be in Boston?
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that for free.
Have you wondered why Tom and Mary don't come here anymore?
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that for John.
French is the only foreign language that Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary said they'd be here, but I can't find them.
Do you think Tom and Mary were finished doing that by 2:30?
Tom and Mary said they'd be embarrassed to do that here.
Do you think Tom and Mary were amused by what was going on?
Tom and Mary said they'd be at this afternoon's meeting.
Do you really want to know why Tom and Mary don't like you?
Tom and Mary said they wondered why John didn't do that.
Do you honestly believe Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Tom and Mary said they won't do that unless I help them.
Do Tom and Mary want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't eaten so much.
Do Tom and Mary want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't drunk so much.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were in Boston last year?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure what they should do.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were in Boston last week?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure John should do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were interested in modern art?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure John had to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses?
Tom and Mary said they weren't interested in doing that.
Did you really think Tom and Mary were going be here today?
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to help us anymore.
Did you know that Tom and Mary weren't paid for doing that?
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that anymore.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be here today?
Tom and Mary said they were willing to do that tomorrow.
Did you know that Tom and Mary have a house on Park Street?
Tom and Mary said they were very happy with the results.
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to be able to do that?
Tom and Mary said they were very grateful for your help.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we can start the meeting.
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to go any further.
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't the ones who helped you?
Tom and Mary said they were too out of shape to do that.
Are you certain Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they were too busy to help me do that.
You should just do what Tom and Mary are asking you to do.
Tom and Mary said they were told not to do that anymore.
You of all people should understand how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary said they were tired and wanted to go home.
You know how much Tom and Mary hate doing that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they were just about ready to do that.
You hope Tom and Mary don't tell us to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they were hoping they could help John.
You don't have to do anything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that themselves.
Would you like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to stay home this weekend.
Would it be OK if Tom and Mary come with me to your party?
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to help them do that.
Why are you so interested in what Tom and Mary were doing?
Tom and Mary said they tried doing that once themselves.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to leave?
Tom and Mary said they thought they should study French.
What's the real reason Tom and Mary don't want to do that?
Tom and Mary said they thought they needed to help John.
What made you believe Tom and Mary were telling the truth?
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew how to do that.
What have Tom and Mary done with everything that was here?
Tom and Mary said they thought they had to study French.
What do Tom and Mary like to do that you don't like to do?
Tom and Mary said they thought they had to speak French.
Were Tom and Mary really able to do that without any help?
Tom and Mary said they thought they could pass the test.
We'll arrive about one hour before Tom and Mary get there.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could help us today.
Tom and Mary have only asked us to do that for a few days.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could do that today.
Tom and Mary have made several very big mistakes recently.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could cheer John up.
Tom and Mary don't think John really knows how to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John was having fun.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning to stay with.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be safe.
Tom and Mary asked me not to pitch my tent next to theirs.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be suspicious.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who're going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be reasonable.
Tom and Mary are trying to find a solution to the problem.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be interested.
Tom and Mary are staying over at a friend's house tonight.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to want to talk to John about that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't going to win.
Tom and Mary are going to have to deal with that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might help us today.
Tom and Mary are going to be here for a couple more hours.
Tom and Mary said they thought John might be frightened.
Tom and Mary are determined to find out why that happened.
Tom and Mary said they think John isn't able to do that.
The way Tom and Mary do that seems a little strange to me.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have walked home alone.
The store where Tom and Mary were working recently closed.
Tom and Mary said they really did want to be here today.
The only thing Tom and Mary need now is a little patience.
Tom and Mary said they probably aren't going to do that.
The only ones here who don't like skiing are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get in touch with John.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are too old to do this kind of thing.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that sometime today.
My best friends were Tom and Mary when I was a little kid.
Tom and Mary said they needed to buy something for John.
Maybe the only ones here who can do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they needed my help, so I helped them.
Maybe Tom and Mary were trying to warn us about something.
Tom and Mary said they needed a special tool to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly what has to be done.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that on Monday.
It's amazing how much money Tom and Mary spend every week.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that in Boston.
It wasn't long before Tom and Mary were able to swim well.
Tom and Mary said they learned how to do that from John.
It seems that Tom and Mary know nothing about this matter.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John wanted to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John needed to do that.
It looks as though Tom and Mary are waiting for something.
Tom and Mary said they hoped that John wouldn't do that.
If you ask me, Tom and Mary are the ones with the problem.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would be at the dance.
I've never seen Tom and Mary do anything like that before.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't do that by alone.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they hope John will help them do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary haven't forgotten about the meeting.
Tom and Mary said they hadn't seen John for a long time.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary were the people who did that.
Tom and Mary said they had their reasons for doing that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary said they had a good reason for doing that.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary know how do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they expect John to help them do that.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary are still asleep or not.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to spend time in jail.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't going to help us.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to ever do that again.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they need to do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are planning to do next summer.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they have to do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are going to do this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John still does that.
I wonder how long Tom and Mary have been living in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John really did that.
I wasn't much better at doing that than Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they don't feel like doing that today.
I was surprised that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't ever want to do that again.
I wanted to be sure Tom and Mary were planning to be here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want you to do that again.
I used to work at the same place that Tom and Mary do now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to work here anymore.
I understand that Tom and Mary are leaving Boston tonight.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to talk about school.
I thought that Tom and Mary were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to stay home all day.
I thought that Tom and Mary were going to want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to live in Australia.
I thought that Tom and Mary were going to like doing that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help John do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be here yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that with John.
I thought I heard Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that right now.
I think the only people who can help you are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to ask John for help.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want that to happen again.
I think Tom and Mary have decided to study French instead.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd ever do that.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that anytime soon.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John should do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who drew these pictures.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John had to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are glad that that's going to happen.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really feel like laughing.
I think Tom and Mary are from Australia, but I'm not sure.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really care what happened.
I suggest you wait until Tom and Mary tell you what to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who they could trust.
I really do believe Tom and Mary know who stole my wallet.
Tom and Mary said they didn't intend to do that anymore.
I never had any intention of letting Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have very much experience.
I hope Tom and Mary agree to wait until Monday to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to worry about money.
I had the feeling that Tom and Mary were going to be late.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that right now.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that every day.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have their phones on them.
I don't think Tom and Mary really need to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have high school diplomas.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any time to watch TV.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to do that until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any plans to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know whether to do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know we still have a lot to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like talking to John.
I don't think Tom and Mary know very much about Australia.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe that would happen.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much money was stolen.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't remember how to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly how that happened.
Tom and Mary said they could've done that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about folk music.
Tom and Mary said they aren't used this kind of weather.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that until tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said their parents have never spanked them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to talk to you today.
Tom and Mary said their father told them not to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't be able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much free time as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any experience doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't hesitant to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ever going to pay you back.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't having a lot of fun.
I don't like the same kind of movies that Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't finished doing that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't enjoying themselves.
I don't know what part of Australia Tom and Mary are from.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't at home last Monday.
I don't know how much money Tom and Mary have in the bank.
Tom and Mary said that they were really having much fun.
I didn't understand half of what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to borrow some money.
I didn't think you were going to let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John would be early.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they needed to borrow some money.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they don't know where John lives.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that today.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to go to Boston.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were studying French.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to eat anything.
I can't be the only one who thinks Tom and Mary are crazy.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to be disturbed.
I bet it's not the first time Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary said that John and Alice are their friends.
How much money do you think Tom and Mary have in the bank?
Tom and Mary said John was willing to help them do that.
How much longer are Tom and Mary planning to stay with us?
Tom and Mary said John didn't want to do that with them.
How much are Tom and Mary going to be paid for doing that?
Tom and Mary said I could wait here until they got back.
How many years have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary really need to do that as soon as they can.
How many weeks have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary really enjoy talking with John, don't they?
How many hours have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary realized they'd forgotten to lock the door.
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary realized that they shouldn't be doing that.
How did you learn that Tom and Mary were living in Boston?
Tom and Mary rarely sing, but I think they will tonight.
Don't you want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Tom and Mary put salt on just about everything they eat.
Does it really matter whether Tom and Mary do that or not?
Tom and Mary promised to come, but they never showed up.
Do you think Tom and Mary will ever get driver's licenses?
Tom and Mary promised that they'd never lie to me again.
Do you think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with?
Tom and Mary promised that they'd come, but they didn't.
Do you really think that was what Tom and Mary were up to?
Tom and Mary probably won't do what they say they'll do.
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't live in Boston anymore?
Tom and Mary probably should've asked John to help them.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are planning to do?
Tom and Mary probably know more than they're telling us.
Do Tom and Mary still think that I should go talk to John?
Tom and Mary probably know a lot more than they told us.
Did you know that Tom and Mary weren't having a good time?
Tom and Mary probably don't know they shouldn't do that.
Did you know Tom and Mary were still high school students?
Tom and Mary probably didn't really mean what they said.
Did you know Tom and Mary are also pretty good guitarists?
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't know the answer.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we'll start the meeting.
Tom and Mary ought to be able to get home by themselves.
Are you telling me you don't know where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary often read when they're waiting for people.
Are you convinced Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary never told me they wanted to go to Harvard.
Are Tom and Mary going to get out of prison any time soon?
Tom and Mary never told me they didn't know how to swim.
All I know is that Tom and Mary were here with me at 2:30.
Tom and Mary never leave the house without their phones.
You hope Tom and Mary don't ask us to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary need to tell John what they want him to do.
Would you tell me why Tom and Mary don't want to do that?
Tom and Mary must've been very tired when they got home.
Why do you think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary might not know what they're supposed to do.
Why aren't Tom and Mary ever interested in anything I do?
Tom and Mary might not be as rich as you think they are.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are going to be tomorrow?
Tom and Mary might not be as happy as we think they are.
When did you first notice that Tom and Mary were missing?
Tom and Mary might like it, but I don't think they will.
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't native speakers?
Tom and Mary met John while they were staying in Boston.
What kind of things do Tom and Mary do that irritate you?
Tom and Mary may not be as hungry as you think they are.
We still don't know what Tom and Mary want us to do next.
Tom and Mary make mistakes every time they speak French.
We don't even know for sure that Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary made themselves as comfortable as possible.
Unfortunately, Tom and Mary weren't wearing life jackets.
Tom and Mary made a list of places they wanted to visit.
Too bad Tom and Mary weren't there to show us what to do.
Tom and Mary made a fool of themselves in front of John.
Tom and Mary weren't invited to John and Alice's wedding.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't feeling very well.
Tom and Mary were painting the fence yesterday afternoon.
Tom and Mary looked like they were reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John what he has to do.
Tom and Mary looked like they were desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary hope to find a solution to the problem soon.
Tom and Mary live downtown not far from where they work.
Tom and Mary don't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom and Mary like to do that whenever they're in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't want to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom and Mary like to do almost everything by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to discuss the problem with John.
Tom and Mary like doing that whenever they're in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't believe John would do that by himself.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said they'd do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let anything happen to John.
Tom and Mary let John knows that they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to leave John there by himself.
Tom and Mary know what time they're supposed to be here.
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to finish getting ready.
Tom and Mary are supposed to meet John in thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary know there isn't much they can do about it.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping John do that now.
Tom and Mary know that they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are one ones who broke the window yesterday.
Tom and Mary know that John doesn't like them very much.
Tom and Mary are going to rent a car and drive to Boston.
Tom and Mary knew they had to do something to help John.
Tom and Mary are going to find out what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't likely to be chosen.
Tom and Mary are going to do things the way we suggested.
Tom and Mary knew that they were unlikely to be elected.
Tom and Mary are going to be meeting John in three hours.
Tom and Mary knew that John wasn't really angry at them.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever complained.
Tom and Mary kept on working even though they were sick.
There's never a dull moment when Tom and Mary are around.
Tom and Mary invited John and his sister to their party.
The only ones here who can't go with us are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary injured themselves while trying to do that.
The only ones here who are able do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary hurt themselves when they tried to do that.
The only one here that are able do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary hope they'll get a chance to do that again.
The last I heard, Tom and Mary were fishing up in Canada.
Tom and Mary hope that they don't have to do that again.
Please listen carefully to what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary haven't yet found what they're looking for.
Please don't do anything else till Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary haven't told John why they want to do that.
One thing Tom and Mary hate is not being taken seriously.
Tom and Mary haven't done what they were supposed to do.
Maybe the only ones here who can't swim are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary haven't done everything we told them to do.
Let's go to the garage and see if Tom and Mary are there.
Tom and Mary haven't done anything they were told to do.
It's very unlikely that Tom and Mary have ever done that.
Tom and Mary have vowed that they won't do that anymore.
It's very unlikely Tom and Mary know how to play mahjong.
Tom and Mary have to take care of their younger brother.
It's quite clear that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary have to do that even if they don't want to.
It's possible that Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
Tom and Mary have three months left until they graduate.
It's kind of disappointing that Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary have three extra tickets they want to sell.
It's a pity Tom and Mary aren't able to be with us today.
Tom and Mary have something they can't wait to show you.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't interested in baseball.
Tom and Mary have persuaded John to eat lunch with them.
It looks like Tom and Mary are pretty good at doing that.
Tom and Mary have paid back all the money they borrowed.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to get into Harvard.
Tom and Mary have lived in Boston since they were three.
It looks like Tom and Mary are amused by what's going on.
Tom and Mary have just told me that they found new jobs.
It looked like Tom and Mary were searching for something.
Tom and Mary have finally done what we asked them to do.
I've heard that Tom and Mary have dropped out of college.
Tom and Mary have done what John said they needed to do.
I've got a feeling Tom and Mary are still here in Boston.
Tom and Mary have decided to go to Boston by themselves.
I'm sure Tom and Mary won't be the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary have been living here since they were kids.
I'm quite certain Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary have been here at least once, haven't they?
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have already done that.
Tom and Mary have asked us to buy them something to eat.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have never done that before.
Tom and Mary have already told John what they can't eat.
I'm not sure whether Tom and Mary have to do that or not.
Tom and Mary have already said that they'll leave early.
I'll never forget how kind Tom and Mary were to everyone.
Tom and Mary have already done what they said they'd do.
I'd like to know the reason why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they want to do today.
I'd like to get a trumpet like the one Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they need to do today.
I wish I'd known that Tom and Mary weren't good swimmers.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they have to do today.
I wasn't told why Tom and Mary weren't allowed to see me.
Tom and Mary hate being disturbed when they're studying.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary weren't at school today.
Tom and Mary hardly ever spend time with their children.
I was surprised to learn that Tom and Mary were liberals.
Tom and Mary had to do something they didn't want to do.
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
Tom and Mary had no idea that they were being too noisy.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were allergic to peanuts.
Tom and Mary had no choice but to ask John to help them.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary had better do what they've been told to do.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to be working today.
Tom and Mary got up early so they could see the sunrise.
I thought Tom and Mary were having a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary got to where they couldn't do that anymore.
I thought Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses yet.
Tom and Mary found the note that John had left for them.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary forgot to do what they were supposed to do.
I think Tom and Mary need to be told about what happened.
Tom and Mary explained why they weren't able to do that.
I think Tom and Mary know something the rest of us don't.
Tom and Mary eventually told John that they'd done that.
I think Tom and Mary have been barking up the wrong tree.
Tom and Mary drive by John's house on their way to work.
I think Tom and Mary aren't the right people for the job.
Tom and Mary drank a whole bottle of wine by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who can't do that.
Tom and Mary don't think they want to do that right now.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who painted this fence.
Tom and Mary don't think they can do that by themselves.
I promise I won't tell anyone that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary don't remember the last time they saw John.
I noticed that Tom and Mary have started growing a beard.
Tom and Mary don't remember John asking them to do that.
I live in the same apartment building as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary don't really think we can do that, do they?
I know that Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary don't often talk about their private lives.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't gone by the time we get there.
Tom and Mary don't need to go there unless they want to.
I hope Tom and Mary are outside waiting for us right now.
Tom and Mary don't look like they're having a good time.
I heard that Tom and Mary aren't very good at doing that.
Tom and Mary don't like to tell people how old they are.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't like spinach, so they didn't eat any.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wanted them to do that.
I got the impression Tom and Mary weren't having any fun.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they can do that or not.
I forgot that Tom and Mary were coming to dinner tonight.
Tom and Mary don't know what John would like them to do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have the confidence to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know what John thinks they should do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still desperate to do that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary don't know that John thinks they're stupid.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to be my friends anymore.
Tom and Mary don't have to go there unless they want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary understand what you're saying.
Tom and Mary do just about everything we ask them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who painted that picture.
Tom and Mary didn't want to tell John how old they were.
I don't think Tom and Mary know whether it's true or not.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit they couldn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know where the post office is.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit that they were scared.
I don't think Tom and Mary know there's still work to do.
Tom and Mary didn't want to admit that they didn't know.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to speak French well.
Tom and Mary didn't want John to go to Boston with them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary didn't trust John and he didn't trust them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much money was taken.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would leave without them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about carpentry.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me that they grew up in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about Australia.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they had to work late.
I don't think Tom and Mary know any other way to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were going to Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go to school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John that they wanted his help.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that until October.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know what they needed to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to be at today's meeting.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to have everything they needed.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the willpower to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't say where they were going, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy that.
Tom and Mary didn't say when they were coming, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much patience as I do.
Tom and Mary didn't like to do that when they were kids.
I don't think Tom and Mary are old enough to do that yet.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John asked them to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be too much help.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary didn't know that John was looking for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are amused by what's going on.
Tom and Mary didn't know John thought they should leave.
I don't like the same kind of music that Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't help John as much as they should've.
I don't like the same kind of books that Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't have to stay if they didn't want to.
I don't like mushroom soup and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary didn't have to help us today, but they did.
I don't like it when Tom and Mary stay out late at night.
Tom and Mary didn't have to help if they didn't want to.
I don't know why Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have to get up as early as they did.
I don't know when Tom and Mary are leaving for Australia.
Tom and Mary didn't have to come if they didn't want to.
I don't know how many aunts and uncles Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary didn't have permission to do what they did.
I didn't want to listen to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary didn't eat as much as I thought they'd eat.
I didn't understand what Tom and Mary were trying to say.
Tom and Mary didn't drink the milk John poured for them.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were really paying attention.
Tom and Mary didn't do that because they didn't want to.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were finished doing that yet.
Tom and Mary didn't do everything John asked them to do.
I didn't know you were going to let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary didn't care whether John liked them or not.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't buy everything we asked them to buy.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't believe that John would lie to them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be so busy.
Tom and Mary didn't actually do what they said they did.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary did their best to persuade John to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were planning to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary did study, but they didn't study very much.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to need to do that.
Tom and Mary did everything they thought they should do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to have to do that.
Tom and Mary did everything they thought they needed do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be done by 2:30.
Tom and Mary did everything they thought they had to do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be back so soon.
Tom and Mary did everything they possibly could to help.
I didn't know Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary did everything they felt they needed to do.
I couldn't figure out what Tom and Mary were going to do.
Tom and Mary decided to do what they could to help John.
I can't speak French as well as Tom and Mary think I can.
Tom and Mary decided that they wanted to live in Boston.
I always thought that Tom and Mary would become teachers.
Tom and Mary could've solved that problem by themselves.
How many days have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary could've been there, but I didn't see them.
How long do you think Tom and Mary have spent doing that?
Tom and Mary could hear John, but they couldn't see him.
How long do you think Tom and Mary have been watching us?
Tom and Mary could get injured if they tried to do that.
How do you know that Tom and Mary aren't native speakers?
Tom and Mary could be planning to do that by themselves.
How did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be late?
Tom and Mary complained that they had too much homework.
How did you know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary claimed they weren't the ones who did that.
Have Tom and Mary already told you what needs to be done?
Tom and Mary claimed they walked from Boston to Chicago.
Does that mean that Tom and Mary aren't going to do that?
Tom and Mary can't make themselves understood in French.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still motivated to do that?
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. You need to help them.
Do you remember what Tom and Mary were wearing yesterday?
Tom and Mary can't do that alone. You have to help them.
Do you really want to be here when Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary blame themselves for what happened to John.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are going to believe me?
Tom and Mary believed that what John told them was true.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are finished doing that?
Tom and Mary began to do that when they were very young.
Do you know what part of Australia Tom and Mary are from?
Tom and Mary began doing that when they were very young.
Do you know what kind of books Tom and Mary like to read?
Tom and Mary ate the sandwiches that John made for them.
Do you know anything about the school Tom and Mary go to?
Tom and Mary assured us that they won't do that anymore.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are talking about?
Tom and Mary assured me that they'd never do that again.
Do Tom and Mary really understand what's going to happen?
Tom and Mary asked us if we'd like to do that with them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be there?
Tom and Mary asked me to wait here until they came back.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that?
Tom and Mary asked me to tell them why I didn't do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary are good at speaking French?
Tom and Mary asked me if they could go home early today.
Did you know that Tom and Mary aren't really from Boston?
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd help them move their piano.
Did you know Tom and Mary are actually very conservative?
Tom and Mary asked if it would be safe if they did that.
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary asked if I was willing to do that for them.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't want to do that?
Tom and Mary asked John to help them organize the party.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't need to do that?
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to be doing that, are they?
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who don't have to do that?
Tom and Mary aren't really as busy as they say they are.
Are Tom and Mary likely to want to go to Boston with you?
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to do that by themselves.
You don't know why Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary aren't likely to let John do that for them.
You don't know why Tom and Mary have to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary aren't going to have to do that themselves.
You don't happen to know where Tom and Mary are, do you?
Tom and Mary aren't always as busy as they say they are.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary ever talk to.
Tom and Mary aren't actually going to do that, are they?
Why did you think Tom and Mary weren't going to be here?
Tom and Mary aren't able to do what we asked them to do.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary like heavy metal?
Tom and Mary are wearing the shirts that John gave them.
What makes you think Tom and Mary haven't done that yet?
Tom and Mary are way too young to do that by themselves.
What makes you think Tom and Mary have to do that today?
Tom and Mary are trying to do what you asked them to do.
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't need to do that?
Tom and Mary are still looking for houses they can rent.
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't have to do that?
Tom and Mary are still just kids, so let's forgive them.
We'll go by bus unless Tom and Mary want to take a taxi.
Tom and Mary are probably older than you think they are.
We should do something like what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary are particular about what they watch on TV.
We only have a few minutes before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary are older than you probably think they are.
We don't know for sure Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
Tom and Mary are now living in Boston with their father.
We can't open this envelope until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary are never going to pay me what they owe me.
We both know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary are never going to do that again, are they?
Tom and Mary were at the airport to say goodbye to John.
Tom and Mary are lying. I didn't do what they say I did.
Tom and Mary study French at least thirty minutes a day.
Tom and Mary are likely to be hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary said John's dog was twice as big as theirs.
Tom and Mary are likely to be hungry when they get here.
Tom and Mary have read every book in the school library.
Tom and Mary are liars if they say they saw us together.
Tom and Mary have already told John what he ought to do.
Tom and Mary are late because their cars ran out of gas.
Tom and Mary don't think John really enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary are hoping that John will do that for them.
Tom and Mary don't really know how to do that very well.
Tom and Mary are here because they want to talk to John.
Tom and Mary don't know why John didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom and Mary are having a lot of trouble with their car.
Tom and Mary don't know who John is planning to go with.
Tom and Mary are good at practically everything they do.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really wants to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to need to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who've made a mistake.
Tom and Mary are going to love the hats you bought them.
Tom and Mary aren't going to leave John here by himself.
Tom and Mary are going to help you do that, aren't they?
Tom and Mary aren't friends. They're just acquaintances.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to make that decision.
Tom and Mary are going to have to ask John to help them.
Tom and Mary are very concerned about what might happen.
Tom and Mary are going to do what they can to help John.
Tom and Mary are sitting in the shade of the apple tree.
Tom and Mary are going to do what John tells them to do.
Tom and Mary are looking for a way to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary are going to be starved when they get home.
Tom and Mary are in the process of doing that right now.
Tom and Mary are going to be punished for what they did.
Tom and Mary are going to have a goodbye party for John.
Tom and Mary are going to be furious when they find out.
Tom and Mary are going to do that the way the always do.
Tom and Mary are doing things they've never done before.
Tom and Mary are going to be here for a couple of hours.
Tom and Mary are doing everything they can to find John.
Tom and Mary are facing a much bigger problem than that.
Tom and Mary are doing everything John asked them to do.
This is the first time Tom and Mary have ever done this.
Tom and Mary are busy right now and they can't help you.
The umbrellas Tom and Mary were carrying weren't theirs.
Tom and Mary are being very obedient today, aren't they?
The only people who could've done this are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are always asking me to do things for them.
The only ones here who want to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are afraid that they might lose everything.
The only ones here who need to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are absent because they're in the hospital.
The only ones here who have to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are able to do that with their eyes closed.
The bottles Tom and Mary were holding had purple labels.
Tom and Mary always want to do everything by themselves.
That isn't the main reason Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary almost killed themselves trying to do that.
That isn't the main reason Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary admitted that they were tempted to do that.
So far, Tom and Mary are the only ones who've done that.
Tom and Mary actually didn't do what they said they did.
No one knows exactly where Tom and Mary are going to go.
Tell Tom and Mary John is waiting for them in the lobby.
No one bought anything Tom and Mary were trying to sell.
Talk to Tom and Mary and see what they think about this.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't going to want that.
Sometimes Tom and Mary do that and sometimes they don't.
Maybe Tom and Mary were the ones who stole your bicycle.
Since Tom and Mary were sick, they went to the hospital.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't yet know about what's happened.
Since Tom and Mary were sick, they couldn't go swimming.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that I've never done that.
Please tell Tom and Mary what you think they need to do.
Let's wait and see if Tom and Mary really need our help.
Please tell Tom and Mary they can come back after lunch.
It's quite clear that Tom and Mary are going to be late.
Perhaps Tom and Mary would like you to do that for them.
It's possible Tom and Mary don't have driver's licenses.
One of us will have to ask Tom and Mary what they think.
It's our job to make certain Tom and Mary don't do that.
Make sure Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to do.
It's 2:30, so I assume Tom and Mary are already at home.
Let's talk to Tom and Mary and find out what they think.
It won't be any fun unless Tom and Mary do that with us.
Let's ask Tom and Mary if they know how to speak French.
It seems like Tom and Mary don't really want to do that.
Just tell Tom and Mary they'll have to wait another day.
It seems like Tom and Mary don't really want to be here.
It's entirely up to Tom and Mary whether they go or not.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having trouble breathing.
If you see Tom and Mary, tell them I'm looking for them.
It looked like Tom and Mary were getting ready to leave.
If Tom and Mary drop by, please give them this document.
Is there some reason why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
I've never seen Tom and Mary kiss any of their children.
Is it true that Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
I've already told Tom and Mary why they need to do that.
If we don't do something, Tom and Mary are going to die.
I've already told Tom and Mary why they have to do that.
If Tom and Mary are going to zoo with you, I'll go, too.
I've already told Tom and Mary they have to leave early.
If I'd known where Tom and Mary were, I'd have told you.
I've already given Tom and Mary what they really wanted.
I've never trusted Tom and Mary don't think I ever will.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be hungry when they get home.
I'm the only one here who knows where Tom and Mary live.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciated what you did for them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary won't be the next ones to do that.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary do what we asked them to do.
I'm sure Tom and Mary won't be the last ones to do that.
I wouldn't forgive Tom and Mary even if they apologized.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have done this before.
I was looking for Tom and Mary, but they found me first.
I'm not very good at making pizza, but Tom and Mary are.
I want to tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary are still in Boston or not.
I told Tom and Mary they could buy whatever they wanted.
I'm not much better at doing that than Tom and Mary are.
I told Tom and Mary they could buy anything they wanted.
I'm not interested in anything Tom and Mary have to say.
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to come here tomorrow.
I'm much better at reading French than Tom and Mary are.
I thought Tom and Mary would be drunk, but they weren't.
I'm kind of hoping Tom and Mary don't come to the party.
I thought Tom and Mary would apologize, but they didn't.
I'll see if I can find out why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I thought Tom and Mary said they needed to buy a shovel.
I'll probably do exactly the same thing Tom and Mary do.
I think you ought to let Tom and Mary do what they want.
I'll be disappointed if Tom and Mary don't come with us.
I think Tom and Mary would like you to do that for them.
I'd like to buy the house that Tom and Mary are selling.
I think Tom and Mary would do that if you asked them to.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are going to do next weekend.
I think Tom and Mary would be forgiven if they did that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are doing tomorrow afternoon.
I think Tom and Mary might get punished if they do that.
I wonder how long it'll be before Tom and Mary get here.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that by themselves.
I won't stop doing that, even if Tom and Mary ask me to.
I think Tom and Mary got home by themselves last Monday.
I want to find out what kind of music Tom and Mary like.
I think Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they'd do.
I want to find out if Tom and Mary were at school today.
I think Tom and Mary did that by themselves last Monday.
I used to think Tom and Mary were pretty good at French.
I think Tom and Mary could've gotten home by themselves.
I tried really hard to convince Tom and Mary do to that.
I promised Tom and Mary that I'd go to Boston with them.
I thought you said you'd never let Tom and Mary do that.
I never told Tom and Mary what they were supposed to do.
I thought that Tom and Mary were still living in Boston.
I looked around for Tom and Mary, but I didn't see them.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't interested in doing that.
I just told Tom and Mary what time they need to be here.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't allowed to have visitors.
I hope Tom and Mary will do what they're supposed to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to tell me what to do.
I hope Tom and Mary know why they don't need to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask you to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary know why they don't have to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were glad that that had happened.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were finished doing that already.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what John told them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were already finished doing that.
I expect Tom and Mary have their reasons for doing that.
I think we need to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why John is mad at them.
I think that's what Tom and Mary were trying to tell me.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they should do yet.
I think Tom and Mary won't be the first ones to do that.
I don't know how Tom and Mary did that, but they did it.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to do that yesterday.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would do that, but they did.
I think Tom and Mary know the truth about what happened.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to really be in love.
I didn't think Tom and Mary would ask John to help them.
I think Tom and Mary are the only Canadians on our team.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why I wanted them to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are still interested in doing that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary had to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are doing a pretty good job for us.
I didn't do what Tom and Mary said they wanted me to do.
I think I'm going to go see what Tom and Mary are up to.
I convinced Tom and Mary to lie about where they'd been.
I think I speak French about as well as Tom and Mary do.
How did Tom and Mary know what they were supposed to do?
I stayed in the car while Tom and Mary were in the bank.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they don't do that?
I never realized Tom and Mary were interested in French.
Find Tom and Mary and tell them to come here right away.
I know this won't be the last time Tom and Mary do that.
Every time I see Tom and Mary, they're eating something.
I know Tom and Mary aren't planning to be here tomorrow.
Eventually, Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be able to do that.
Either Tom and Mary don't want to do that or they can't.
I hope Tom and Mary feel the same way you do about this.
Do you think Tom and Mary will pass their driving tests?
I happened to be on the same train as Tom and Mary were.
Do you really think Tom and Mary will let you help them?
I don't want to do this, but Tom and Mary say I have to.
Do you know if Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
I don't think Tom and Mary were involved in the scandal.
Do you have any idea why Tom and Mary did what they did?
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that today.
Do Tom and Mary know what they're going to do next year?
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that again.
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they did that by themselves?
I don't think Tom and Mary really need to do that again.
Did Tom and Mary tell you what they were planning to do?
I don't think Tom and Mary really have to do that again.
Did Tom and Mary tell you about what they did last week?
I don't think Tom and Mary like watching baseball on TV.
All I know about Tom and Mary are that they're teachers.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to worry about that yet.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to talk to you now.
You should tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have those kinds of problems.
You can't make Tom and Mary help if they don't want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the strength to do that.
You can't exactly blame Tom and Mary for what they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the patience to do that.
Why are you doing the dishes? Let Tom and Mary do them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much patience as you.
Who's going to tell Tom and Mary they can't go with us?
I don't think Tom and Mary have as many friends as I do.
Who did Tom and Mary say they wanted to go skiing with?
I don't think Tom and Mary have anything to worry about.
When I told Tom and Mary I'd done that, they got angry.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any teaching experience.
When I first met Tom and Mary, I didn't like them much.
I don't think Tom and Mary are interested in doing that.
What time did Tom and Mary tell you they'd be arriving?
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to want to do that.
What time did Tom and Mary tell you they were arriving?
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to do that anymore.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that by themselves?
I don't really care whether Tom and Mary like me or not.
Were Tom and Mary really able to do that by themselves?
I don't like the same kind of movies as Tom and Mary do.
We can't let Tom and Mary walk. Let's give them a ride.
I don't like the same kind of food that Tom and Mary do.
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they ought to do that?
I don't know whether Tom and Mary believe in God or not.
Tom and Mary's father made them sell their motorcycles.
I don't know where Tom and Mary have been all afternoon.
Tom and Mary's father doesn't allow them to drink wine.
Tom and Mary wrote poems when they were in high school.
I don't know exactly when Tom and Mary plan to get here.
Tom and Mary wrote a book while they were in Australia.
I don't care what Tom and Mary say. I'm not going to go.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell us where they hid the money.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were going to do that again.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be happy if we made them do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary would've succeeded if they'd tried harder.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were interested in jazz.
Tom and Mary would've died if John hadn't rescued them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were good at doing that.
Tom and Mary would lend you money if you asked them to.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to Australia.
Tom and Mary would leave early if they were allowed to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were living with your family.
Tom and Mary would do that themselves if they knew how.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to let us do that.
Tom and Mary would do that again if John asked them to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to leave so early.
Tom and Mary won't likely try to do that by themselves.
I did everything I could to help Tom and Mary find jobs.
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they won't do that.
I couldn't tell whether Tom and Mary were asleep or not.
Tom and Mary won't know we're here unless we tell them.
I could see Tom and Mary weren't in the mood to do that.
Tom and Mary won't find anyone who'll do that for them.
I can't tell if Tom and Mary are being sarcastic or not.
Tom and Mary won't be here today, because they're sick.
I can't leave until I've found out how Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary wished they'd never asked John to do that.
I assume that Tom and Mary don't have that many friends.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they're not tired.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were a bit different.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they aren't tired.
How many times do you think Tom and Mary have done that?
Tom and Mary will probably get injured if they do that.
How do you know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary will probably be tired when they get home.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to be arrested?
Tom and Mary will never be able to do it by themselves.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary enjoy doing that?
Tom and Mary will likely be punished for what they did.
Don't you want to see what Tom and Mary are going to do?
Tom and Mary will help you do that if you want them to.
Do you think Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that?
Tom and Mary will help John do that if he asks them to.
Do you think Tom and Mary have enough money to buy that?
Tom and Mary will get in trouble if they don't do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still hesitant to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't working very hard when I saw them.
Do you really believe Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't waiting where they said they'd be.
Do you know what kind of apartment Tom and Mary live in?
Tom and Mary weren't told not to do that by themselves.
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary were doing that?
Tom and Mary weren't sure what John wanted them to buy.
Do you honestly think Tom and Mary have a chance to win?
Tom and Mary weren't sure they needed to do that again.
Do you happen to know when Tom and Mary are coming back?
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to help me, but they did.
Didn't you notice that Tom and Mary were looking at you?
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that, but they did.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were living in Boston?
Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that by themselves.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't expecting you to do that for them.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were going to be here?
Tom and Mary weren't convinced that they could do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were still studying French?
Tom and Mary weren't as busy as John told me they'd be.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were living on Park Street?
Tom and Mary weren't as angry as I expected them to be.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were in Boston last winter?
Tom and Mary weren't able to do what they wanted to do.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were good at playing chess?
Tom and Mary weren't able to do what they needed to do.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary used to be French teachers?
Tom and Mary were too young to take care of themselves.
Did you understand what Tom and Mary were trying to say?
Tom and Mary were told that they don't need to do that.
Did you really think Tom and Mary were going to do that?
Tom and Mary were told that they don't have to do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were in Boston last year?
Tom and Mary were the first ones to say they'd do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary are also French teachers?
Tom and Mary were sure they were doing the right thing.
Can you explain why Tom and Mary weren't at the meeting?
Tom and Mary were sitting at the counter by themselves.
Are you sure Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary were much taller than I thought they'd be.
Are you certain Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary were much busier than I thought they'd be.
Are Tom and Mary the ones who taught you how to do that?
Tom and Mary were hoping they wouldn't need to do that.
Are Tom and Mary still planning to go to Boston with us?
Tom and Mary were hoping they wouldn't have to do that.
All the women thought Tom and John were really handsome.
Tom and Mary were here yesterday morning, weren't they?
All I know is that Tom and Mary were at school that day.
Tom and Mary were angry with themselves for being late.
You think Tom and Mary aren't going do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary were angry because John was ignoring them.
You shouldn't believe everything Tom and Mary tell you.
Tom and Mary were able to do everything they had to do.
You should wait until Tom and Mary get here to do that.
Tom and Mary wanted to sell everything in their garage.
You knew that Tom and Mary were doing that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary wanted to live close to where they worked.
You hope Tom and Mary don't make us do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary wanted to know who was going to help them.
You don't think Tom and Mary are going do that, do you?
Tom and Mary wanted to help, but they didn't have time.
You don't really care how Tom and Mary do that, do you?
Tom and Mary wanted John to tell them his phone number.
You don't know why Tom and Mary are doing that, do you?
Tom and Mary wanted John to meet some of their friends.
You can't possibly really think Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary wanted John to cook them something to eat.
You can tell Tom and Mary really don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary want you to know what they can do to help.
Would you like to know why Tom and Mary don't like you?
Tom and Mary want you to do that so they don't have to.
Why do we care about what Tom and Mary are going to do?
Tom and Mary want me to come back to see them tomorrow.
Who told you Tom and Mary weren't going to be arrested?
Tom and Mary tried to talk John into raking their yard.
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to pay for all this?
Tom and Mary tried to remember what John had told them.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are responsible?
Tom and Mary tried to open the door, but they couldn't.
What makes you think Tom and Mary have never done that?
Tom and Mary tried to get John to cook dinner for them.
What else do you think Tom and Mary are planning to do?
Tom and Mary tried not to think about what they'd done.
What do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to do?
Tom and Mary took something that didn't belong to them.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to go with you yesterday?
Tom and Mary told me they've always done that that way.
We're still trying to find out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary told me they'd wait until 2:30 to do that.
We had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that if I did that, too.
Too bad Tom and Mary aren't here to show us what to do.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be glad to help me do that.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John what he has to do.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't get home until 2:30.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John in the library.
Tom and Mary told me they won't be in Boston next week.
Tom and Mary were confused and didn't know what to say.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't much older than John.
Tom and Mary want to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't going back to Boston.
Tom and Mary have learned a lot about Boston from John.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't able to speak French.
Tom and Mary have done everything John asked him to do.
Tom and Mary told me they were having trouble sleeping.
Tom and Mary have decided to give John a second chance.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to stop doing that.
Tom and Mary don't want to eat Italian food for dinner.
Tom and Mary told me they thought this was a good idea.
Tom and Mary don't want to be the next ones to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they needed to buy a new computer.
Tom and Mary don't think it'll be that easy to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they had to go back to the office.
Tom and Mary don't think John really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like living in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't think John really needed to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know where John lived.
Tom and Mary don't think John really enjoys doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know who John wants to do that with.
Tom and Mary told me that they're motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who've made mistakes.
Tom and Mary told me that they're desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to answer any more questions.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be willing to do that.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out what we need to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they were too tired to study.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out what we have to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they were through doing that.
Tom and Mary are too smart to do something that stupid.
Tom and Mary told me that they were tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary are the most patient people I've ever met.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was thirty.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping me do that now.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was stupid.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping John right now.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was strong.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure out what to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was stingy.
Tom and Mary are looking for a solution to the problem.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was sleepy.
Tom and Mary are looking for a place to live in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was single.
Tom and Mary are here to make sure that doesn't happen.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was scared.
Tom and Mary are going to try to find a way to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was lonely.
Tom and Mary are going to play handball this afternoon.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was hungry.
Tom and Mary are going to find out what has to be done.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was honest.
Tom and Mary are going to discuss that with John later.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was guilty.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same weight as John.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was boring.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same height as John.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was biased.
There's only one place Tom and Mary are likely to hide.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was asleep.
There's no question that Tom and Mary were the thieves.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was afraid.
The only ones who know how to do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John could swim.
The neighborhood where Tom and Mary live is very quiet.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked working with John.
One of the things Tom and Mary enjoy doing is swimming.
Tom and Mary told me that they liked working in Boston.
Now that Tom and Mary are here, we can start the party.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what that is.
Nobody knew that Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
Tom and Mary told John why they didn't want to do that.
No one noticed that Tom and Mary weren't wearing shoes.
Tom and Mary told John what they really thought of him.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know there's still work to do.
Tom and Mary told John they were going to leave Boston.
It's not clear who Tom and Mary were trying to impress.
Tom and Mary told John they waited for him all morning.
It's likely that Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
Tom and Mary told John they hadn't seen Alice in years.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't know how to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary have no idea how to do that.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't have to do anything.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't very good at dancing.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't have anything to do.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to be early today.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd tried to be careful.
Is it true that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston?
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be happy to do that.
I've never seen anyone other than Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were ready to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary understand what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary told John that they were going to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary aren't the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they wanted him to do that.
I'm supposed to make sure Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary told John that they told Alice to do that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought Alice was fat.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary thought they'd forgotten to lock the door.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are going to be late.
Tom and Mary thought they might be required to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary thought they heard a mouse in the kitchen.
I'm pretty certain that Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends could do that.
I'll see if Tom and Mary want to come over for a visit.
Tom and Mary stressed that they didn't want to do that.
I'd be disappointed if Tom and Mary don't come with us.
Tom and Mary stressed that they did that by themselves.
I work at the same supermarket where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary still don't know why they need to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary still don't know why they have to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so determined to do that.
Tom and Mary stayed up all night texting their friends.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary started to come in, but John stopped them.
I wonder how long Tom and Mary have been sitting there.
Tom and Mary spend a lot of their free time doing that.
I wish I'd known Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary should've visited Boston, but they didn't.
I wish I could speak French as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary should've done that the way I showed them.
I want to be ready to leave when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary should've done that before they went home.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were patients of yours.
Tom and Mary should've asked John to help them do that.
I thought that Tom and Mary were still studying French.
Tom and Mary should tell John what they want him to do.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't yet finished doing that.
Tom and Mary should tell John what they need him to do.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't finished doing that yet.
Tom and Mary should tell John they won't do that again.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be here by now.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they'll do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were present at today's meeting.
Tom and Mary should just tell John they made a mistake.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask us to do that.
Tom and Mary should go ahead and do that by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to ask me to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to be aware of what they had to do.
I think you should do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary seemed convinced that they had to do that.
I think we should never let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary seem to be thoroughly enjoying themselves.
I think we should do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say they've never tried eating whale meat.
I think this must be the place where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary say they've never seen anything like that.
I think that's why Tom and Mary don't have any friends.
Tom and Mary say they've always wanted to study French.
I think that Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary say they've always wanted to go to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary won't be the next ones to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're too tired to do anything else.
I think Tom and Mary won't be the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're too tired to do any more work.
I think Tom and Mary weren't the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about not doing that.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who stole my wallet.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about becoming cooks.
I think Tom and Mary sound like native French speakers.
Tom and Mary say they're glad you were able to do that.
I think Tom and Mary go to Boston at least once a year.
Tom and Mary say they're concerned about John's health.
I think Tom and Mary are the only ones who can do that.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that if John wants them to.
I think Tom and Mary are responsible for what happened.
Tom and Mary say they'll be present at today's meeting.
I think Tom and Mary are having serious money problems.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather do that some other time.
I think Tom and Mary are having a hard time doing that.
Tom and Mary say they won't need to do that right away.
I think Tom and Mary are coming to Boston next weekend.
Tom and Mary say they won't have to do that right away.
I still need to see if Tom and Mary want to go with us.
Tom and Mary say they won't have time to do that today.
I pretty much always do the same thing Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they won't be bullied into doing that.
I knew that Tom and Mary wouldn't be able to find jobs.
Tom and Mary say they think they'll be able to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary haven't already drunk all the milk.
Tom and Mary say they taught themselves how to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't irritated by all this noise.
Tom and Mary say they sell about thirty of these a day.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't difficult to get along with.
Tom and Mary say they saw people running and screaming.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't live in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary say they just want to stay for a few days.
I heard that Tom and Mary are planning to come with us.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't try to do that.
I haven't lived in Boston as long as Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary say they hope John can help them tomorrow.
I haven't done that as many times as Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary say they hope John can do that by himself.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary say they have other things to worry about.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary enjoy swimming so much.
Tom and Mary say they have no idea what they should do.
I have a pretty good idea why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary say they have enough money to buy a house.
I hate to say this, but I think Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary say they forgot to remind John to do that.
I finally was able to find out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to do that on Monday.
I doubt that Tom and Mary were ever in any real danger.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to be back on Monday.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to go swimming with us.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to go to school today.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that here.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they'll ever do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you didn't do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that now.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who's going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think that'll happen today.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's really going on.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John really did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's going to happen.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know how to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I have three cats.
Tom and Mary say they don't need to do that right away.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to use slide rules.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what they ought to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to play backgammon.
Tom and Mary say they don't know how John will do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to get to my place.
Tom and Mary say they don't know anything about Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know exactly how to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that right away.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about fishing.
Tom and Mary say they don't have time to eat right now.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about farming.
Tom and Mary say they don't have time to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary know any of the details yet.
Tom and Mary say they don't have the energy to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many friends here.
Tom and Mary say they don't have any desire to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to help you today.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like eating right now.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the stamina to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like doing that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the courage to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like doing that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't ever want to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much money in the bank.
Tom and Mary say they definitely won't do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary say they definitely want to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as many stamps as I do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say everyone they know has gone to Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any idea what happened.
Tom and Mary saved the last two bullets for themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are finished doing that yet.
Tom and Mary sat down next to someone they didn't know.
I don't think Tom and Mary are able to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they've tried doing that three times.
I don't play the guitar very well, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they've been forgiven for doing that.
I don't like this kind of weather, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked not do that again.
I don't like the same kind of music as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure John should do that.
I don't like the same kind of books as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure John has to do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're determined to do that for us.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want to go with us.
Tom and Mary said they'll be the first ones to do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want me to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that again tomorrow.
I don't know what Tom and Mary do on Monday afternoons.
Tom and Mary said they'd try doing that again tomorrow.
I don't have as many pairs of socks as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not go to John's party.
I didn't think you'd come while Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to know why you did that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary used to be teachers.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that, so you don't have to.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were such good singers.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that, but they haven't yet.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were planning to leave.
Tom and Mary said they'd call me, but they haven't yet.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be there.
Tom and Mary said they'd buy something for John to eat.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd been asked a lot of questions.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were the ones that did that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to wait until 2:30.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were in Boston last weekend.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that for you.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to go to Harvard.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back the Monday after next.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to live in Boston.
I didn't feel I should do what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't try to do that anymore.
I could tell Tom and Mary were in a great deal of pain.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't try doing that anymore.
I can't really do anything until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't show me how to do that.
I can't imagine what Tom and Mary are so worried about.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't let me do that anymore.
How were Tom and Mary able to do that without our help?
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do anything about that.
How much longer are Tom and Mary going to be in Boston?
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be in Boston next week.
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't going to like it?
Tom and Mary said they wished they knew how to do that.
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that?
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't been so late.
How did you find out that Tom and Mary like doing that?
Tom and Mary said they wished John knew how to do that.
How did we not know that Tom and Mary were lying to us?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure they could do that.
For a moment, Tom and Mary were too surprised to speak.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure John could do that.
Everybody laughed at the way Tom and Mary were dancing.
Tom and Mary said they weren't likely to do that today.
Don't you want to know why Tom and Mary are here today?
Tom and Mary said they weren't good at speaking French.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary don't understand French.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to John's concert.
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Tom and Mary said they weren't exactly sure what to do.
Do you think Tom and Mary were the ones who stole that?
Tom and Mary said they were willing to wait until 2:30.
Do you think Tom and Mary want to go to Boston with us?
Tom and Mary said they were willing to help us do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary know what we were doing here?
Tom and Mary said they were willing to help me do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still worried about that?
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to help us today.
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to want to do that?
Tom and Mary said they were the only ones who did that.
Do you remember whether Tom and Mary were there or not?
Tom and Mary said they were looking for jobs in Boston.
Do you really think Tom and Mary don't have to do that?
Tom and Mary said they were looking for a place to eat.
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary are doing that?
Tom and Mary said they were happy they got there early.
Do you have any idea when Tom and Mary plan to be here?
Tom and Mary said they were going to stay up all night.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are going to do?
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that yesterday.
Do Tom and Mary seriously think that's going to happen?
Tom and Mary said they were going to ask John to leave.
Do Tom and Mary know what you're going to do next year?
Tom and Mary said they were asked not to do that again.
Do Tom and Mary feel the same way about that as you do?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to try riding a unicycle.
Didn't you suspect that Tom and Mary were lying to you?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to take an afternoon nap.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary weren't going to be there?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to see us before we left.
Could you tell me what Tom and Mary are planning to do?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to learn how to windsurf.
Could you please be quieter? Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that by themselves.
As it turned out, Tom and Mary were willing to help us.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy something cheaper.
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to help them tomorrow.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who know how to do that?
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to do that for them.
Apparently, Tom and Mary were on television last night.
Tom and Mary said they thought you could help us today.
All we can do now is wait and see what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they thought we might have a problem.
Your friends Tom and Mary were here a few minutes ago.
Tom and Mary said they thought that would never happen.
You wrote that you thought Tom and Mary weren't happy.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John was a teacher.
You were quicker at doing that than Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they thought that John had done that.
You realize how dangerous Tom and Mary are, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be fun.
You need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't be scared.
You know what Tom and Mary are going to do, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be surprised.
You know that Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be impressed.
You know that Tom and Mary need to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be exhausted.
You know that Tom and Mary have to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be depressed.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would be back soon.
You have to do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary said they thought John was in the library.
Why do you think Tom and Mary weren't at school today?
Tom and Mary said they thought John was good at French.
Why didn't you tell me Tom and Mary weren't Canadians?
Tom and Mary said they thought John looked discouraged.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are going to go today?
Tom and Mary said they thought I might want to do that.
What makes you think Tom and Mary were talking to you?
Tom and Mary said they thought I might need to do that.
What made you think Tom and Mary have never done that?
Tom and Mary said they thought I might have to do that.
What do you think Tom and Mary were running away from?
Tom and Mary said they still had a lot of things to do.
What color shirts were Tom and Mary wearing yesterday?
Tom and Mary said they saw nothing out of the ordinary.
What are Tom and Mary going to do with all that money?
Tom and Mary said they remember asking John to do that.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to get home before 2:30?
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't do that today.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary are allergic to.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't do that again.
We have a few more hours before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they only had thirty dollars on them.
We could have a problem if Tom and Mary show up early.
Tom and Mary said they needed to sort a few things out.
Tom and Mary work eight hours a day, five days a week.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary were the only ones who didn't want to go.
Tom and Mary said they need to find another babysitter.
Tom and Mary were the only ones who didn't need to go.
Tom and Mary said they knew why John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were the only ones who didn't have to go.
Tom and Mary said they knew we wouldn't be able to win.
Tom and Mary often wake up in the middle of the night.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might need to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't yet read that book, but John has.
Tom and Mary said they knew they might have to do that.
Tom and Mary have written a lot of interesting things.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary have decided to give John another chance.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary have been living in Boston since October.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might want to do that.
Tom and Mary have already told John what he should do.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew John might have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John ought to have done that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to help us.
Tom and Mary don't mind eating after the children eat.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary don't believe you really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hoped that John would help them.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope to be back by October 20th.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't want to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to make it in to work today.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't need to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let John go to the party.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't let Alice drive.
Tom and Mary aren't going to eat until John gets home.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't have to do that.
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to finish doing that.
Tom and Mary said they hope John tries his best to win.
Tom and Mary are trying to fix that problem right now.
Tom and Mary said they haven't decided what they'll do.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out why that happened.
Tom and Mary said they hadn't intended to stay so long.
Tom and Mary are the most boring people I've ever met.
Tom and Mary said they hadn't done that in three years.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary said they had something going on tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are spending the weekend on John's ranch.
Tom and Mary said they had plenty of friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary are really looking forward to doing that.
Tom and Mary said they had more important things to do.
Tom and Mary are looking for places to live in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they had a difficult time doing that.
Tom and Mary are leaving for Australia in the morning.
Tom and Mary said they found something under the couch.
Tom and Mary are just waiting for something to happen.
Tom and Mary said they felt bad about what they'd done.
Tom and Mary are hoping to have that done by tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they doubted that John would do that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to make some new rules.
Tom and Mary said they don't think you need to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do better than this.
Tom and Mary said they don't think you have to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to have an interesting evening.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John should do that.
Tom and Mary are determined to find out what happened.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John has to do that.
Tom and Mary are collecting blankets for the homeless.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John had to do that.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same weight as you.
Tom and Mary said they don't have any plans to do that.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same height as you.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to travel with John.
Tom and Mary are actually looking into that right now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to see John anymore.
Tom and Mary are about thirty minutes behind schedule.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to make you do that.
This isn't the first time Tom and Mary have been late.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to let John do that.
There's no doubt that Tom and Mary are lying about it.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that with you.
The problem is that Tom and Mary don't have any money.
