Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that that way.
The only sport Tom and Mary are any good at is tennis.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to borrow any money.
The only ones here who can't do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to wait for them.
The movie Tom and Mary were watching wasn't in French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think you should do that.
The language Tom and Mary were speaking wasn't French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could do that.
Of course, that was what Tom and Mary were suggesting.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would do that.
Nobody was listening to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John could do that.
No one noticed that Tom and Mary weren't at the party.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like chocolate ice cream.
My most interesting Canadian friends are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John was absent.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what you're looking for.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John had gone.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't leave before I get there.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where John did that.
Let's go to the gym and see if Tom and Mary are there.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they should do.
It's up to us to make sure Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what they had to do.
It's unlikely Tom and Mary understand what's going on.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John should do.
It's possible that Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John had to do.
It's fortunate that Tom and Mary were able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anything about that.
It seems to me Tom and Mary are a part of the problem.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anything about John.
It may have happened when Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John's phone number.
It looks like Tom and Mary are getting ready to leave.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to work next Monday.
It looks like Tom and Mary are about the start crying.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that tomorrow.
It doesn't matter whether Tom and Mary do that or not.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to do that now.
Isn't there a chance that Tom and Mary are doing that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any plan to do that.
Isn't it strange that Tom and Mary aren't here by now?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any books in French.
Is it true that Tom and Mary were in Boston last week?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a driver's licenses.
If Tom and Mary were here, I wouldn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like doing that now.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, I won't do that either.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't loan any money to John.
If Tom and Mary do that, then we won't have a problem.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't give us what we wanted.
If Tom and Mary are going to do that, I won't do that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't afford to see a doctor.
I've heard that Tom and Mary don't do that very often.
Tom and Mary said they could've done that on their own.
I've got to find out when Tom and Mary plan to arrive.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure John should do that.
I'm worried about what'll happen if Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure John has to do that.
I'm the only person who can help Tom and Mary do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have relatives in Boston.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary said that wasn't the reason they did that.
I'm not absolutely sure that's what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary said that they've been wanting to do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary said that they've been very busy all week.
I'm better at riding a unicycle than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said that they're sure they won't do that.
I'd also like to know what Tom and Mary think of this.
Tom and Mary said that they'll go to Boston next month.
I wonder why Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd interested in doing that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't obey those orders.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't willing to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't through doing that.
I wonder what your friends Tom and Mary are doing now.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't tempted to do that.
I wonder how much money Tom and Mary have in the bank.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't feeling very tired.
I wish I could play tennis as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't doing that anymore.
I wasn't sure whether Tom and Mary were joking or not.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't at today's meeting.
I was hoping you could tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said that they were very eager to do that.
I want you to listen to what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary said that they were going to be very late.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were determined to do that.
I used to think Tom and Mary were pretty good coaches.
Tom and Mary said that they thought that it might rain.
I thought that Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they like hanging out with John.
I thought that Tom and Mary were interested in sports.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't think it would rain.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't through doing that yet.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know how to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't quite ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't have a lot of money.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they could make it to the party.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to be here today.
Tom and Mary said no cars passed them on them way here.
I thought Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said it was John who told them to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were supposed to be doing that.
Tom and Mary said John wouldn't permit them to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were smarter than anybody else.
Tom and Mary said John wouldn't eat anything they made.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to have a good time.
Tom and Mary said John was sleeping when they got home.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said John wanted them to do that for them.
I think we shouldn't let Tom and Mary do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said John is willing to help them do that.
I think Tom and Mary were trying to tell us something.
Tom and Mary said John has never eaten lunch with them.
I think Tom and Mary were finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary said I was the only one who believed them.
I think Tom and Mary have done that at least one time.
Tom and Mary said Boston was warmer than they expected.
I think Tom and Mary aren't the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary said Boston was hotter than they expected.
I think Tom and Mary are waiting for you on the porch.
Tom and Mary said Boston was cooler than they expected.
I think Tom and Mary are the right people for the job.
Tom and Mary said Boston was colder than they expected.
I think Tom and Mary are only pretending to be asleep.
Tom and Mary refused to do what John wanted them to do.
I think Tom and Mary are lot better swimmers than you.
Tom and Mary refused my help and did that on their own.
I think Tom and Mary are just pretending to be asleep.
Tom and Mary realized they no longer needed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that, but I'm not sure.
Tom and Mary realized that John had been lying to them.
I think Tom and Mary are concealing something from me.
Tom and Mary ran too fast for us to catch up with them.
I think I'm not supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary ran too fast for me to catch up with them.
I think I know why Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary promised us they wouldn't do that anymore.
I think I know why Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't drink anymore.
I pretended that I didn't know Tom and Mary were rich.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't do that again.
I never actually believed Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't be late again.
I hope that Tom and Mary leave a piece of cake for me.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't do that anymore.
I hope Tom and Mary don't do anything like that again.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't come here again.
I hope Tom and Mary are gone by the time we get there.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't smoke anymore.
I heard that Tom and Mary want to swim this afternoon.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't do that again.
I hear that Tom and Mary really like living in Boston.
Tom and Mary probably won't do what we want them to do.
I have absolutely no idea what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what they need to buy.
I had no way of knowing who Tom and Mary were meeting.
Tom and Mary probably don't know what they have to buy.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary pretended they couldn't understand French.
I had no idea that Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary pretended that they knew nothing about it.
I don't want to do that and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary pretended that they didn't recognize John.
I don't want to be here and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary pretended that they couldn't speak French.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary ought to be able to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary understand what's going on.
Tom and Mary never told me they used to live in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary really know how to do that.
Tom and Mary never let anyone forget that they're rich.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what to do about that.
Tom and Mary never got the chance to do that, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I'm not Canadian.
Tom and Mary never did anything they didn't want to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to ride unicycles.
Tom and Mary must've forgotten what they promised John.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to cook very well.
Tom and Mary moved to Boston soon after they graduated.
I don't think Tom and Mary have time to do that today.
Tom and Mary might be richer than we thought they were.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever seen this before.
Tom and Mary may not want to do that, but they need to.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever done that before.
Tom and Mary may not want to do that, but they have to.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been here before.
Tom and Mary may not have done what they said they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary have as much money as I do.
Tom and Mary may not be as smart as you think they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any chance of winning.
Tom and Mary may not be as happy as you think they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary are the ones who need help.
Tom and Mary looked pretty sick the last time saw them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to need our help.
Tom and Mary looked like they were hesitant to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to do that again.
Tom and Mary looked like they were finished doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are coming back here today.
Tom and Mary looked like they were enjoying themselves.
I don't need to know why Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary looked around and realized they were lost.
I don't like the same kind of food as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary lived with their parents in a small house.
I don't like the neighborhood where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary lived in Boston when they were in college.
I don't know why Tom and Mary weren't at school today.
Tom and Mary lived in Australia when they were younger.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary lied when they said they didn't like John.
I don't know when Tom and Mary are planning to arrive.
Tom and Mary lied to us about how much money they made.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were being careful enough.
Tom and Mary let John knows that they couldn't do that.
I didn't know when Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary let John know they didn't know what to do.
I didn't know the reason why Tom and Mary were crying.
Tom and Mary let John know that they wanted to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't students here.
Tom and Mary lent all the money they had on them to me.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary learned to swim when they were very young.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary know they're supposed to do that tomorrow.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary knew there was nothing more they could do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were still studying French.
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't going to be chosen.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to come with us.
Tom and Mary knew that they were unlikely to be chosen.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going skiing with you.
Tom and Mary knew that John didn't like them very much.
I believe that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary invited their friends over for a barbecue.
I appreciate everything Tom and Mary have done for us.
I always thought that Tom and Mary were a bit strange.
Tom and Mary hoped they wouldn't miss any more classes.
I always felt like Tom and Mary were hiding something.
Tom and Mary hoped that John would eat lunch with them.
How many times a week do Tom and Mary have to do that?
Tom and Mary hoped that John would come to their party.
How long have Tom and Mary been working as carpenters?
Tom and Mary hope that John won't do that without them.
How do you know Tom and Mary weren't hiding something?
Tom and Mary hired John to take care of their children.
How do you know Tom and Mary don't know what happened?
Tom and Mary held on to the rope as long as they could.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going be in Boston?
Tom and Mary haven't yet done what we asked them to do.
Here's a list of things that Tom and Mary need to buy.
Tom and Mary haven't yet done what they said they'd do.
Do you think you could do what Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary haven't talked to me since their accident.
Do you think anyone will care if Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary haven't said anything since they got home.
Do you think Tom and Mary know I want to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary haven't done anything they shouldn't have.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were being sarcastic?
Tom and Mary haven't been themselves the last few days.
Do you have any idea where Tom and Mary are right now?
Tom and Mary have tried to kill themselves three times.
Do Tom and Mary still think that's what we want to do?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're not going to do that?
Tom and Mary have some things they have to do tomorrow.
Do Tom and Mary earn enough money to live in the city?
Tom and Mary have promised that they'll do that for us.
Do Tom and Mary always sneeze this much in the spring?
Tom and Mary have never done that by themselves before.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary are French teachers?
Tom and Mary have lots of things they want to do today.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that?
Tom and Mary have lots of things they need to do today.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that?
Tom and Mary have lots of things they need to be doing.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were allergic to walnuts?
Tom and Mary have lots of things they have to do today.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary have more than one house?
Tom and Mary have lost a lot of blood and they're weak.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be there?
Tom and Mary have lived in Boston since they were born.
Did you know Tom and Mary are good at speaking French?
Tom and Mary have done everything we wanted them to do.
After working all day, Tom and Mary were really tired.
Tom and Mary have done everything they were told to do.
You'll do that if Tom and Mary ask you to, won't you?
Tom and Mary have decided to try doing that themselves.
You should make sure that Tom and Mary do that today.
Tom and Mary have been told that they need to pay more.
You should do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary have been doing that since they were kids.
You seem convinced that Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary have been doing that since they were born.
You seem convinced that Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary have already told me what they plan to do.
You seem convinced that Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary have already said that they won't do that.
You know why Tom and Mary want to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary have already decided what they want to do.
You know why Tom and Mary have to do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary hardly ever go out drinking by themselves.
You know what Tom and Mary are capable of, don't you?
Tom and Mary had enough time to do what they had to do.
You don't think Tom and Mary want to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary had a party at their place Monday evening.
You don't think Tom and Mary need to do that, do you?
Tom and Mary got angry when they found the door locked.
You don't really care what Tom and Mary want, do you?
Tom and Mary gave me exactly what I told them I needed.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were living with you.
Tom and Mary forgot to buy what John asked them to buy.
You and I are the only people Tom and Mary know here.
Tom and Mary finished the bottle of wine by themselves.
Would you mind if I wait until Tom and Mary get back?
Tom and Mary explained why they didn't want to do that.
Why are you so interested in what Tom and Mary think?
Tom and Mary explained to us why they couldn't do that.
Who told you Tom and Mary were living on Park Street?
Tom and Mary expect us do the same thing they're doing.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary eventually admitted that they'd done that.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to get here?
Tom and Mary eat chocolate ice cream whenever they can.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are Canadians?
Tom and Mary drank the white wine John poured for them.
What kind of music do Tom and Mary like to listen to?
Tom and Mary don't yet know whether they can go or not.
What chance do Tom and Mary have of actually winning?
Tom and Mary don't yet know exactly when they'll leave.
What Tom and Mary have suggested probably won't work.
Tom and Mary don't want John to go to Boston with them.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that before 2:30?
Tom and Mary don't think they're capable of doing that.
Were you aware that Tom and Mary are in the hospital?
Tom and Mary don't think they'll be allowed to do that.
We're lucky Tom and Mary are here to help us do this.
Tom and Mary don't really want to eat with us, do they?
We won't quit searching until Tom and Mary are found.
Tom and Mary don't really think John did that, do they?
We pretended not to see what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary don't really think I can do that, do they?
We need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary don't really care whether they win or not.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary don't need me to tell them how to do that.
We have to find out who Tom and Mary are working for.
Tom and Mary don't need me to do that for them anymore.
We both know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary don't like people telling them what to do.
Tom and Mary was the only people who understood John.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wasn't at their party.
Tom and Mary have told John that he needs to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know whether they'll do that or not.
Tom and Mary have memorized a number of French songs.
Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary have been in the hospital since October.
Tom and Mary don't have as much energy as they used to.
Tom and Mary don't want to be professional musicians.
Tom and Mary didn't want to go to Boston by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't remember what happened that night.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do something they'd regret.
Tom and Mary don't remember seeing John at the party.
Tom and Mary didn't want their friends to see them cry.
Tom and Mary don't really know how to swim very well.
Tom and Mary didn't want John to know what they'd done.
Tom and Mary don't really know how to surf very well.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would enjoy their party.
Tom and Mary don't know why John doesn't like Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary don't believe John would really do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones here who know John.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they didn't want to go.
Tom and Mary are the only friends John has in Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they couldn't speak French.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping me right now.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they needed his help.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping John do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they didn't like him.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John to get there.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they intended to do that.
Tom and Mary are ready to do exactly as you've asked.
Tom and Mary didn't speak French when I first met them.
Tom and Mary are only thirty minutes behind schedule.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to mind sitting by themselves.
Tom and Mary are likely to be about three hours late.
Tom and Mary didn't say who they were planning to meet.
Tom and Mary are going to visit John in the hospital.
Tom and Mary didn't say where they were planning to go.
Tom and Mary are going to eventually figure this out.
Tom and Mary didn't realize that they'd made a mistake.
Tom and Mary are definitely doing that the right way.
Tom and Mary didn't look well the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary are awfully sorry about what's happened.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were in a good mood.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same weight as me.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were having any fun.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same height as me.
Tom and Mary didn't know why John wanted them to leave.
This is the house where Tom and Mary were brought up.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they were supposed to do.
There must be a reason that Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were supposed to do that.
The problem is that Tom and Mary aren't good drivers.
Tom and Mary didn't know they no longer had to do that.
The only place Tom and Mary have ever gone is Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't know they had to help John do that.
Suppose Tom and Mary weren't really going to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they had done something wrong.
Please find out when Tom and Mary want us to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they didn't have enough money.
No one seems to have any idea where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to go yesterday.
My guess is that Tom and Mary aren't having much fun.
Tom and Mary didn't know that John wanted them to stay.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know why you didn't do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know if they should really do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know how to get to my place.
Tom and Mary didn't know anything about this, did they?
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know exactly how to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't go with you this morning, did they?
Many people think that Tom and Mary are undependable.
Tom and Mary didn't get up as early as they usually do.
Let's not start drinking until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary didn't get paid for all the work they did.
Let's hope Tom and Mary weren't injured in the crash.
Tom and Mary didn't finish the job we asked them to do.
Let's hope Tom and Mary haven't done anything stupid.
Tom and Mary didn't eat the cookies John made for them.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't do what they're being punished for.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary didn't do that as they were instructed to.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't do everything we wanted them to do.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are skilled musicians.
Tom and Mary didn't actually want to do that, did they?
It's going to be a while until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary did that, even though they didn't want to.
It's already 2:30 and Tom and Mary still aren't here.
Tom and Mary did something they weren't supposed to do.
It seems to me that Tom and Mary are doing very well.
Tom and Mary did everything they promised to do for me.
It seems that Tom and Mary are upset about something.
Tom and Mary did a lot more than what we asked them to.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having fun doing that.
Tom and Mary deny that they were the ones who did that.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't remember what John had told them.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't interested in that.
Tom and Mary couldn't find the kind of job they wanted.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't having a good time.
Tom and Mary could've done that, but they chose not to.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having fun doing that.
Tom and Mary could've done that if they'd tried harder.
It looks like Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
Tom and Mary could've done that by themselves, I think.
It looks as if Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Tom and Mary could swim when they were three years old.
It doesn't look like Tom and Mary have slept in days.
Tom and Mary could do that well when they were younger.
Is there any chance Tom and Mary know how to do that?
Tom and Mary could always try doing that by themselves.
Is it true that Tom and Mary have three dogs at home?
Tom and Mary convinced John that it wasn't their fault.
If Tom and Mary start laughing, I probably will, too.
Tom and Mary claim they don't know anything about John.
I've heard that Tom and Mary don't do that very much.
Tom and Mary can go swimming right now if they want to.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are now studying French.
Tom and Mary came to school even though they were sick.
I've been told Tom and Mary have been in an accident.
Tom and Mary burned all the letters they got from John.
I'm the only person who knows where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary burned all the letters John had sent them.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary bought eggs, but they forgot to buy bread.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are just tired as you are.
Tom and Mary asked me to help them with their homework.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have forgotten about me by now.
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd like to do that with them.
I'm quite sure Tom and Mary have relatives in Boston.
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd go with them to the beach.
I'm probably the person Tom and Mary are waiting for.
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd go to the beach with them.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Tom and Mary asked if they really had to do that today.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are from Australia.
Tom and Mary asked if they had to do that this morning.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary want to do that with us.
Tom and Mary asked if there was anything they could do.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary asked John what he thought they should do.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are ever going to be happy.
Tom and Mary asked John if he'd teach their son French.
I'll soon find out what Tom and Mary have been doing.
Tom and Mary aren't sure yet whether they'll go or not.
I'll make sure that Tom and Mary never do that again.
Tom and Mary aren't suggesting John did that, are they?
I'll have to stay here and help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to do that on their own.
I'd be curious to know what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary aren't going to make it in time, are they?
I wouldn't have to do that if Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary aren't as tough as everyone says they are.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't as disorganized as they used to be.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary are unable to do what we asked them to do.
I wonder whether or not Tom and Mary like to do that.
Tom and Mary are too scared to walk home by themselves.
I wonder whether or not Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary are too old to be doing that on their own.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like to do that or not.
Tom and Mary are teaching themselves to play the piano.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like doing that or not.
Tom and Mary are sure they can take care of themselves.
I won't do that if Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary are still studying in Boston, aren't they?
I wasn't invited to the party, but Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary are still able to take care of themselves.
I was unaware that Tom and Mary were having problems.
Tom and Mary are standing right behind me, aren't they?
I was told that Tom and Mary weren't to be disturbed.
Tom and Mary are rich enough to buy whatever they want.
I was the only one who knew Tom and Mary were coming.
Tom and Mary are rich enough to buy anything they want.
I was surprised Tom and Mary were there this morning.
Tom and Mary are old enough to take care of themselves.
I was in Boston the night Tom and Mary were murdered.
Tom and Mary are now in their freshman year at Harvard.
I want to know when Tom and Mary are going to Boston.
Tom and Mary are likely to be tired when they get home.
I want to know what Tom and Mary are doing in Boston.
Tom and Mary are late because their car ran out of gas.
I want to finish eating before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary are just a little overweight, aren't they?
I want to eat the same thing Tom and Mary are eating.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that on their own.
I understand that Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to eat as soon as they get home.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were friend of yours.
Tom and Mary are going to do what they can to help you.
I thought that Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to do what John told them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were on vacation in Australia.
Tom and Mary are going to be sorry they didn't do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get home.
I thought Tom and Mary were going with you guys, too.
Tom and Mary are going to be hungry when they get here.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to win the contest.
Tom and Mary are doing that the right way, aren't they?
I thought Tom and Mary were going to join us tonight.
Tom and Mary are careful about what they eat and drink.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to enjoy the party.
Tom and Mary are busy now, so they can't talk with you.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary are better off now than they've ever been.
I thought Tom and Mary didn't have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary are a lot happier since they changed jobs.
I thought I heard Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary always try to do what they think is right.
I thought I heard Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary almost forgot to take umbrellas with them.
I think that Tom and Mary live somewhere around here.
Tom and Mary admitted that what they'd done was stupid.
I think maybe Tom and Mary have something else to do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't know what to do.
I think Tom and Mary were the last people to do that.
This is where Tom and Mary stay when they're in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to be here by now.
The police think that Tom and Mary poisoned themselves.
I think Tom and Mary were just trying to be friendly.
Tell Tom and Mary to get back here as soon as they can.
I think Tom and Mary need to be shown how to do that.
Since Tom and Mary were sick, they didn't go to school.
I think Tom and Mary haven't done that since October.
Should we tell Tom and Mary they don't need to do that?
I think Tom and Mary have to be shown how to do that.
Should we tell Tom and Mary they don't have to do that?
I think Tom and Mary don't want to do that right now.
Please tell Tom and Mary what you think they should do.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that, either.
Perhaps Tom and Mary know more than they're telling us.
I think Tom and Mary are would be tempted to do that.
Not even Tom and Mary could've done this by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are still determined to do that.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
I think Tom and Mary are lot better singers than you.
It's necessary for Tom and Mary to go there themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are lot better players than you.
If you tell Tom and Mary how to do that, they'll do it.
I think Tom and Mary are just trying to be practical.
If you don't want Tom and Mary here, ask them to leave.
I think Tom and Mary are getting tired of doing that.
If that's what Tom and Mary said, then they were lying.
I think Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
If Tom and Mary had seen anything, they'd have told us.
I think Tom and Mary are at least partially to blame.
If Tom and Mary don't want to help, they don't have to.
I think Tom and Mary are a little nervous about this.
I've already told Tom and Mary why they should do that.
I suspect that Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
I've already told Tom and Mary they should leave early.
I still have no idea why Tom and Mary are so unhappy.
I'm trying to help Tom and Mary, but they won't let me.
I still can't believe Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I should wait until Tom and Mary get here to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary would've told me if they'd known.
I promise I won't tell anyone where Tom and Mary are.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will be tired when they get home.
I need to find out where Tom and Mary were yesterday.
I'm convinced Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I like the same kind of stuff that Tom and Mary like.
I'll never ever forgive Tom and Mary for what they did.
I like the same kind of music that Tom and Mary like.
I'll buy whatever Tom and Mary want me to buy for them.
I know the reason why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves.
I know Tom and Mary haven't forgotten how to do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary knew they should do that.
I know I'm not supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary knew they had to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary remember how to get to our house.
I wanted to hug Tom and Mary, but they wouldn't let me.
I hope Tom and Mary help me with my homework tonight.
I tried to help Tom and Mary, but they wouldn't let me.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't the first ones to do that.
I told Tom and Mary they didn't have to talk so loudly.
I heard that Tom and Mary want to buy new snowboards.
I told Tom and Mary that they should go to the meeting.
I heard Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
I told Tom and Mary that they should apologize to John.
I have no idea how Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary would be angrier than they were.
I had no idea Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth.
I think Tom and Mary would be safe if they stayed here.
I feel sure that Tom and Mary have already done that.
I think Tom and Mary would be happier if they did that.
I don't think you need to tell Tom and Mary anything.
I think Tom and Mary will be hungry when they get home.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who wants to do that.
I think Tom and Mary know they need to help John today.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who needs to do that.
I think Tom and Mary expected John to ask them to stay.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about Australia.
I think Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to read or write.
I think Tom and Mary did something they shouldn't have.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how deep the pool is.
I think Tom and Mary could help John if they wanted to.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go anywhere today.
I suggest you let Tom and Mary do what they want to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to decide right away.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they needed to leave.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been bartenders.
I should've told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any ulterior motives.
I should've let Tom and Mary do what they wanted to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any plans for Monday.
I should've asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary ever get anywhere on time.
I should tell Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy hanging out with us.
I should tell Tom and Mary that I want them to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are old enough to do that.
I saw Tom and Mary looking at themselves in the mirror.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to give it back.
I know Tom and Mary could do that if they tried harder.
I don't think Tom and Mary are capable of doing that.
I knew Tom and Mary would love the gifts you gave them.
I don't think I could do what Tom and Mary are doing.
I hope Tom and Mary sing the song I asked them to sing.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't enjoy doing that.
I hope Tom and Mary like the present I bought for them.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are always complaining.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't do what you told them to do.
I don't know what Tom and Mary want to eat for lunch.
I doubt that Tom and Mary could get home by themselves.
I don't know the reason why Tom and Mary were crying.
I don't think Tom and Mary would've swum by themselves.
I don't know the reason why Tom and Mary aren't here.
I don't think Tom and Mary would do that by themselves.
I don't know if that's what Tom and Mary want or not.
I don't think Tom and Mary really meant what they said.
I don't go to the movies as often as Tom and Mary do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I don't like them.
I don't eat Mexican food as often as Tom and Mary do.
I don't think Tom and Mary did what John said they did.
I don't care if Tom and Mary agree to do that or not.
I don't think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were finished doing that.
I don't believe Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
I didn't know where Tom and Mary were planning to go.
I didn't let Tom and Mary finish what they were saying.
I didn't know when Tom and Mary were going to arrive.
I didn't know Tom and Mary would ask John to help them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were studying French.
I didn't know Tom and Mary had asked John to help them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were able to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary could do that by themselves.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were French teachers.
I couldn't just leave Tom and Mary there by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so interested in art.
I convinced Tom and Mary not to go there by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be so early.
Haven't you asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that?
I didn't know Tom and Mary wanted to become teachers.
Have Tom and Mary told you why they don't want to stay?
I could tell that Tom and Mary were in a lot of pain.
Have Tom and Mary decided where they'll go next summer?
I can't believe Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Find Tom and Mary and tell them to come here right now.
I always listen to anything Tom and Mary have to say.
Do Tom and Mary think they can take care of themselves?
I advise you to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll be able to do that?
How long do you think Tom and Mary have been waiting?
Do Tom and Mary still think they don't need to do that?
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't going to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still think they don't have to do that?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were lying to you?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's all they need to do?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to say that?
Do Tom and Mary still think that's all they have to do?
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to be fired?
Do Tom and Mary still do that as often as they used to?
Here's a list of things that Tom and Mary need to do.
Did you tell Tom and Mary why you want them to do that?
Have Tom and Mary ever had any other health problems?
Did you tell Tom and Mary what I told you to tell them?
Have Tom and Mary ever criticized you for doing that?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we needed to do that?
Have Tom and Mary been asking you questions about me?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't do that by themselves?
From what I can tell, Tom and Mary aren't bad people.
Did Tom and Mary say anything about who they were with?
First, let's talk about what Tom and Mary need to do.
Did Tom and Mary find the person they were looking for?
Even though it's Monday today, Tom and Mary are here.
Did Tom and Mary ever tell you how they first met John?
Don't you always do what Tom and Mary tell you to do?
All I know about Tom and Mary is that they're teachers.
Does anyone here really care what Tom and Mary think?
You told Tom and Mary they should do that, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
You knew Tom and Mary when they were kids, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary know what needs to be done?
You knew Tom and Mary said they'd do that, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary have any chance of winning?
You asked Tom and Mary how they'd do that, didn't you?
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to find anything?
Why should Tom and Mary need John to do that for them?
Do you think Tom and Mary are any good at doing that?
Why should Tom and Mary do that if they don't have to?
Do you really want to wait till Tom and Mary show up?
Who did Tom and Mary think would cook dinner for them?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were being truthful?
When Tom and Mary told me that, I didn't believe them.
Do you really believe that Tom and Mary are reliable?
What're Tom and Mary planning to do after they retire?
Do you know why Tom and Mary weren't at school today?
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to do that?
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't come here anymore?
What do you want me to tell Tom and Mary if they call?
Do you know where Tom and Mary have been all morning?
We shouldn't have told Tom and Mary what we told them.
Do you know the real reason Tom and Mary aren't here?
We must stop Tom and Mary before they hurt themselves.
Do you and Tom and Mary spend a lot of time together?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they need to do that?
Do Tom and Mary think it's safe to cross this bridge?
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still sometimes fall asleep in class?
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from their schools.
Do Tom and Mary still come to Boston every Christmas?
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from their offices.
Do Tom and Mary know we can't take care of ourselves?
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they didn't do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary are actually very smart?
Tom and Mary wouldn't likely go camping by themselves.
Did you see the way Tom and Mary were looking at you?
Tom and Mary wouldn't let John look at their pictures.
Did you notice that Tom and Mary were looking at you?
Tom and Mary wouldn't have let their children do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were living in Boston?
Tom and Mary wouldn't go off and leave us, would they?
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't be happy if they had to do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were going to be here?
Tom and Mary would've gone to Boston if they could've.
Did you know that Tom and Mary have criminal records?
Tom and Mary would never try to do that by themselves.
Did you know Tom and Mary were still studying French?
Tom and Mary would never say what you think they said.
Did you know Tom and Mary were living on Park Street?
Tom and Mary would do that if they had a lot of money.
Did you know Tom and Mary used to be French teachers?
Tom and Mary wondered where they were supposed to sit.
Are you sure Tom and Mary were the ones who did this?
Tom and Mary won't tell me where they put my car keys.
Are you sure Tom and Mary were the ones who did that?
Tom and Mary won't likely try to do that on their own.
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't allergic to peanuts?
Tom and Mary won't leave until they've talked to John.
Are you absolutely sure Tom and Mary need to do that?
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't asked John to do that.
Are you absolutely sure Tom and Mary have to do that?
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they're not busy.
Are Tom and Mary the ones who taught you how to sing?
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they aren't busy.
All Tom and Mary need is a little love and affection.
Tom and Mary will never find what they're looking for.
All Tom and Mary have to do tomorrow is go to school.
Tom and Mary will need more money than what they have.
All Tom and Mary do is play video games and watch TV.
Tom and Mary will likely be hungry when they get home.
You think Tom and Mary haven't done that, don't you?
Tom and Mary will have to deal with that on their own.
You should do the same thing Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary will do that for you if you want them to.
You need to try to understand how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary will come if they're free this afternoon.
You need to do whatever Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary will come back home when they get hungry.
You know why Tom and Mary are doing that, don't you?
Tom and Mary will be very sorry if they don't do that.
You have to do whatever Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary weren't told they didn't need to do that.
You don't really think Tom and Mary do that, do you?
Tom and Mary weren't told they didn't have to do that.
You don't like the way Tom and Mary do that, do you?
Tom and Mary weren't as hungry as I thought they'd be.
You don't like it when Tom and Mary do that, do you?
Tom and Mary were wearing cowboy hats when I saw them.
You don't know where Tom and Mary have gone, do you?
Tom and Mary were very skinny when they were children.
Without your help, Tom and Mary don't have a chance.
Tom and Mary were surprised when they saw John crying.
Why should we do what Tom and Mary say we should do?
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them what I did.
Why don't we see if Tom and Mary want to go with us?
Tom and Mary were really skinny when I first met them.
Why do you think Tom and Mary were absent yesterday?
Tom and Mary were overweight when they were teenagers.
Why do you think Tom and Mary like baseball so much?
Tom and Mary were hoping they could help John do that.
Who told you Tom and Mary weren't going to be fired?
Tom and Mary were hoping they could do that with John.
Who cares whether Tom and Mary eat egg yolks or not.
Tom and Mary were happy that John helped them do that.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary were going to tell John, but they forgot.
What makes you think Tom and Mary haven't done that?
Tom and Mary were expecting John to help them do that.
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't happy here?
Tom and Mary were afraid they'd be eaten by a monster.
We'll have a lot more fun if Tom and Mary come, too.
Tom and Mary went as far as the station by themselves.
We need to finish this before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary wasn't expecting you to do that for them.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Tom and Mary wasn't at home when I went to visit them.
We don't even know why Tom and Mary aren't here now.
Tom and Mary wanted to stay longer, but they couldn't.
Tom's and Mary's salaries are much higher than mine.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend time with their children.
Tom and Mary were the only Canadians at the meeting.
Tom and Mary wanted to learn how to defend themselves.
Tom and Mary were lucky to have had help doing that.
Tom and Mary wanted to know why they couldn't go, too.
Tom and Mary said that John wasn't enjoying himself.
Tom and Mary wanted John to help them clean the house.
Tom and Mary have been trying to get a hold of John.
Tom and Mary wanted John to drive them to the airport.
Tom and Mary have been sick for the last three days.
Tom and Mary want to do that, but they don't know how.
Tom and Mary have been here for the last three days.
Tom and Mary want me to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary have apparently been arguing with John.
Tom and Mary want John to know that he can trust them.
Tom and Mary don't want to have lunch with me today.
Tom and Mary used to have guitars, but they sold them.
Tom and Mary don't think John will enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary used to drink a lot before they met John.
Tom and Mary don't think John really had to do that.
Tom and Mary used to be able to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't really know how to ski very well.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't think they'd do that.
Tom and Mary don't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't think they could win.
Tom and Mary don't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom and Mary told us that they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know where John wants to do that.
Tom and Mary told us that they did that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't know how to relax and enjoy life.
Tom and Mary told me why they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to get much sleep tonight.
Tom and Mary told me to stay here until they got back.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to come back home.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom and Mary are using an old bus as a storage shed.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do that until 2:30.
Tom and Mary are the only people who understands me.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what should be done.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't very good at tennis.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what has to be done.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't very good at French.
Tom and Mary are looking forward to your being here.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't planning to do that.
Tom and Mary are looking forward to seeing you soon.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't on the team anymore.
Tom and Mary are looking forward to getting started.
Tom and Mary told me they were too sick to work today.
Tom and Mary are here for the same reason that I am.
Tom and Mary told me they needed to borrow some money.
Tom and Mary are going to a cocktail party tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they found something interesting.
Tom and Mary are getting a lot better at doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they don't want to work with you.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same age as John.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to study French.
The problem was I didn't know who Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to go to Boston.
The only ones here who can do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to eat any more.
The company where Tom and Mary work is losing money.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like speaking French.
That's not something Tom and Mary really want to do.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have time to do that.
That's exactly what Tom and Mary were talking about.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't feel like doing that.
Possibly Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're prepared to do that.
Obviously, Tom and Mary aren't doing that very well.
Tom and Mary told me that they're hesitant to do that.
Obviously, Tom and Mary are very excited about this.
Tom and Mary told me that they wouldn't do that again.
Nobody else knew Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary told me that they weren't afraid of John.
Maybe we should do that after Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to study French.
Let's see if Tom and Mary are staying at this hotel.
Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to go to Boston.
Just stay in the kitchen until Tom and Mary go home.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was wrong.
It's hard to tell what Tom and Mary are going to do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was upset.
It's because of me that Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was tired.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was sorry.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't do that very often.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was right.
It looks like Tom and Mary have bought new bicycles.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was ready.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't like you very much.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was lucky.
It looks like Tom and Mary are reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was funny.
It looks like Tom and Mary are motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was drunk.
It looks like Tom and Mary are getting pretty drunk.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was broke.
It looks like Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was bossy.
It looks like Tom and Mary are desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was bored.
It looks like Tom and Mary are a little preoccupied.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was awake.
It looks as if Tom and Mary aren't going to help us.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was angry.
It looks as if Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was alone.
Is there any chance Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Tom and Mary told me that they thought I looked drunk.
Is it true that Tom and Mary want to live in Boston?
Tom and Mary told John why they wanted him to do that.
Is it true that Tom and Mary plan to move to Boston?
Tom and Mary told John why they needed him to do that.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, it would surprise me.
Tom and Mary told John what they thought of his ideas.
If Tom and Mary don't come what are you going to do?
Tom and Mary told John they'd pick him up around 2:30.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are just as scared as you are.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to visit Australia.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are grateful for your support.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help Alice do that.
I'm quite certain Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be able to do that.
I'm pretty sure that's what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary told John that they were glad to see him.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't know French.
Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't eat peanuts.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary haven't been to Boston.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do that for me.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have already gone home.
Tom and Mary thought they wouldn't be able to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary thought they might need to do that today.
I'm not responsible for what Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary thought they might be allowed to do that.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary live on Park Street.
Tom and Mary thought that they'd never see John again.
I'm better at speaking French than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary think they're smarter than everyone else.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary think they'll go shopping this afternoon.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't helping us.
Tom and Mary think they speak French better than John.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't doing that.
Tom and Mary think some of their friends will do that.
I wondered why Tom and Mary were absent from school.
Tom and Mary think John would be mad if they did that.
I wish I'd known Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary talked me into going to church with them.
I was wondering if you knew where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary swore that John told them he'd done that.
I was very impressed with Tom's and Mary's speeches.
Tom and Mary still hope John will eat lunch with them.
I was surprised Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary still don't realize that John hates them.
I want you to stay here until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary spend most of their free time doing that.
I want to be gone by the time Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary slept much longer than they'd planned to.
I used to think Tom and Mary were pretty good cooks.
Tom and Mary showed John some pictures of their house.
I understand why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary showed John a photograph of their father.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't going to want to go.
Tom and Mary shouted to John, but he didn't hear them.
I thought you said you've seen Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John they want to do that.
I thought that Tom and Mary were already doing that.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have walked home by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't being careful enough.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have stayed here by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't angry at you anymore.
Tom and Mary should've done what John told them to do.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't allowed to eat candy.
Tom and Mary should've done much better than they did.
I thought Tom and Mary were good at speaking French.
Tom and Mary should've asked John to do that for them.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to make breakfast.
Tom and Mary should tell John why they had to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to do that for me.
Tom and Mary should tell John that they want his help.
I think we shouldn't let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're sleepy.
I think that Tom and Mary have made a good decision.
Tom and Mary should probably tell John they're hungry.
I think that Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary should be very hungry when they get home.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who told me that.
Tom and Mary seem to be enjoying themselves in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary were the first ones to do that.
Tom and Mary seem to be aware of what they need to do.
I think Tom and Mary need to be told not to do that.
Tom and Mary seem convinced that they need to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have to be told not to do that.
Tom and Mary seem convinced that they have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have been trying to impress me.
Tom and Mary say they've always dreamed of doing that.
I think Tom and Mary have already agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about getting a dog.
I think Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary say they're still planning on doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are still reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to do that tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are still motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to attend our party.
I think Tom and Mary are still desperate to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to Boston next month.
Tom and Mary say they're always dreamed of doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are acting a little suspicious.
Tom and Mary say they'll give us all the time we need.
I suggest you stay here until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say they'll do whatever they can to help.
I need to make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary say they'll ask John to do that for them.
I need to find out where Tom and Mary are right now.
Tom and Mary say they won't ask John to do that again.
I know why Tom and Mary weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they want to travel around the world.
I know that Tom and Mary were there a few hours ago.
Tom and Mary say they want to buy one of my paintings.
I know Tom and Mary are very interested in swimming.
Tom and Mary say they thought John enjoyed doing that.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to regret doing that.
Tom and Mary say they think they can probably do that.
I know Tom and Mary are going to want to go with us.
Tom and Mary say they think John would really do that.
I just want to make sure Tom and Mary are all right.
Tom and Mary say they regret that they didn't do that.
I hope Tom and Mary haven't changed the combination.
Tom and Mary say they like Boston better than Chicago.
I hope Tom and Mary don't have to work this weekend.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't want to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary don't go to Boston next weekend.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't need to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't have to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't eat raw carrots.
I hope Tom and Mary are still awake when I get home.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't need to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary are present at our next meeting.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't have to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary are going to do the right thing.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will do that for them.
I hope Tom and Mary are finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom and Mary say they hope John wants to do that, too.
I heard that Tom and Mary are learning how to drive.
Tom and Mary say they hope John is willing to do that.
I heard Tom and Mary were having problems at school.
Tom and Mary say they heard John singing on the porch.
I hear Tom and Mary are coming to town next weekend.
Tom and Mary say they heard John practicing the piano.
I have to make certain Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary say they have no intention of doing that.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary were talking about.
Tom and Mary say they have no desire to do that again.
I found out what Tom and Mary were doing last night.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot of friends in Boston.
I expect that Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to work here anymore.
I doubt if Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to talk about school.
I don't work as many hours a day as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to live in Australia.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to do that with John.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John should do that.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary don't get along.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John has to do that.
I don't understand what Tom and Mary are doing here.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John had to do that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary have ever done that.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what they need to do.
I don't think it's Tom and Mary who are the problem.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they don't intend to do that anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have time to help.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel motivated to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary like hanging out with us.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know they had to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know you were helping me.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John had to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know you as well as I do.
Tom and Mary say they can't prove John didn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who baked this cake.
Tom and Mary say they can already do that fairly well.
I don't think Tom and Mary know my telephone number.
Tom and Mary say they aren't going to wait any longer.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how worried you are.
Tom and Mary say that they'd like to do that with you.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to speak French.
Tom and Mary say that they need better tennis rackets.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to ride a horse.
Tom and Mary say that they don't want to eat anything.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how much it'll cost.
Tom and Mary say it's urgent that they speak with you.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything about this.
Tom and Mary sang better tonight than they usually do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to worry about that.
Tom and Mary said they've never considered doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they've been told not do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much longer to live.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever studied French.
Tom and Mary said they've always lived on Park Street.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they're willing to do that for John.
I don't think Tom and Mary are responsible for that.
Tom and Mary said they're reluctant to do that for us.
I don't think Tom and Mary are reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're reluctant to do that for me.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ready to do that yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are qualified to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're driving to Boston on Monday.
I don't think Tom and Mary are permitted to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that in a couple of days.
I don't think Tom and Mary are motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that as soon as they can.
I don't think Tom and Mary are desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'll be the next ones to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are back from Boston yet.
Tom and Mary said they'll be the last ones to do that.
I don't speak French as fluently as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they'll be doing that by themselves.
I don't like broccoli and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not do that right now.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather do that by themselves.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd never try to do that at home.
I don't know where Tom and Mary usually go swimming.
Tom and Mary said they'd never permit John to do that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary usually go shopping.
Tom and Mary said they'd meet us in the lobby at 2:30.
I don't know when Tom and Mary are supposed to come.
Tom and Mary said they'd love to go to Boston with us.
I don't know what Tom and Mary were doing yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they'd definitely do that this week.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are so worried about.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do the driving.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do the cooking.
I don't know if Tom and Mary like spicy food or not.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that for us.
I don't know how much money Tom and Mary have spent.
Tom and Mary said they'd be the first ones to do that.
I don't believe Tom and Mary really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd ask John to do that for them.
I don't believe Tom and Mary really need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to do that again.
I don't believe Tom and Mary really have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't mind if John did that.
I didn't think you'd let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't like to do that alone.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were violating any laws.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't let that happen again.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were through doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't have to do that alone.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were nervous doing that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't have to do that again.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be willing to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary were so gullible.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be allowed to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary were lying to me.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able to go with us.
I didn't realize I had to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they won't be buying anything today.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they wished you knew how to do that.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were planning to do.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in the mood to do that.
I didn't know the reason why Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in Boston at that time.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were looking for me.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to wait for John.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were good at French.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that again.
I didn't know Tom and Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were worried about the weather.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to do the driving.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to do that for us.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were told not to do that again.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be nervous.
Tom and Mary said they were thinking about doing that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be jealous.
Tom and Mary said they were having problems with John.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were allergic to peanuts.
Tom and Mary said they were happy to be of assistance.
I didn't even notice what Tom and Mary were wearing.
Tom and Mary said they were grateful for what you did.
I could be wrong, but I think Tom and Mary like you.
Tom and Mary said they were going to talk to me later.
I can't leave until I find out who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they were going to let John do that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary really want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were going to go back to sleep.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are already sophomores.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that tomorrow.
I bet it won't be long before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that for John.
I believe you, but unfortunately Tom and Mary don't.
Tom and Mary said they were glad they got there early.
I assume that's the reason Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary said they were determined not to do that.
I always figured Tom and Mary would become teachers.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to visit John in Boston.
I already know what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to learn how to do that.
How long have Tom and Mary already spent doing that?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to eat breakfast in bed.
How long do you think Tom and Mary were watching us?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy something to eat.
How do you know Tom and Mary were the ones did that?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be there before 2:30.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to say yes?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to bake a cake for John.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to help us?
Tom and Mary said they wanted something cold to drink.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to do that?
Tom and Mary said they want go back to Boston someday.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to be here?
Tom and Mary said they tried to do that by themselves.
How could Tom and Mary have done such a crazy thing?
Tom and Mary said they thought they were going to win.
How can you be sure that Tom and Mary don't do that?
Tom and Mary said they thought they shouldn't do that.
Have Tom and Mary ever laughed at any of your jokes?
Tom and Mary said they thought they needed to do that.
Have Tom and Mary ever been in trouble with the law?
Tom and Mary said they thought the room was too small.
Have Tom and Mary decided to do that again tomorrow?
Tom and Mary said they thought that would happen soon.
For a moment, Tom and Mary were too stunned to move.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would rain tomorrow.
Everything is better now that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they thought it would probably snow.
Everyone wanted to see what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary said they thought doing that would be OK.
Everyone thought that Tom and Mary were from Boston.
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't very happy.
Don't you want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't having fun.
Does it bother you that Tom and Mary are doing that?
Tom and Mary said they thought John wasn't busy today.
Do you think that Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary said they thought John was likely to cry.
Do you think Tom and Mary are determined to do that?
Tom and Mary said they thought John enjoyed the party.
Do you really want to know if Tom and Mary like you?
Tom and Mary said they thought I should buy a new car.
Do you really think Tom and Mary have been impolite?
Tom and Mary said they think John won't eat very much.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are self-conscious?
Tom and Mary said they think John isn't going do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have done that alone.
Do you know why Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday?
Tom and Mary said they saw John in the park yesterday.
Do you know why Tom and Mary are absent from school?
Tom and Mary said they remembered seeing John do that.
Do you know what Tom and Mary were doing last night?
Tom and Mary said they only needed a few more minutes.
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary were crying?
Tom and Mary said they never wanted to see John again.
Do you have any idea why Tom and Mary don't like me?
Tom and Mary said they never had to worry about money.
Do you have any idea why Tom and Mary are mad at me?
Tom and Mary said they needed to learn how to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still want to go to the zoo with us?
Tom and Mary said they needed to buy something to eat.
Do Tom and Mary still think that's going to be easy?
Tom and Mary said they might not study French anymore.
Do Tom and Mary still speak French better than John?
Tom and Mary said they knew why John couldn't do that.
Do Tom and Mary still go to the same school as John?
Tom and Mary said they knew what John was going to do.
Do Tom and Mary know who you got that necklace from?
Tom and Mary said they knew they'd be able to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary are in Boston now?
Tom and Mary said they knew I wasn't going to do that.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary are afraid of you?
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would do that today.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary weren't having any fun?
Tom and Mary said they haven't yet decided what to do.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were going to be there?
Tom and Mary said they haven't noticed any difference.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were going to be fired?
Tom and Mary said they haven't decided what to do yet.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were coming here today?
Tom and Mary said they got really tired of doing that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were studying French?
Tom and Mary said they don't mind doing that for John.
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to be arrested?
Tom and Mary said they don't mind buying that for you.
As far as I know, Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary said they don't know how to speak French.
Are you telling me Tom and Mary don't have a chance?
Tom and Mary said they don't know John's phone number.
Are you absolutely sure Tom and Mary have done that?
Tom and Mary said they don't have any plan to do that.
Are Tom and Mary still living in the same apartment?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to talk about work.
Are Tom and Mary still be willing to do that for us?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to talk about that.
Are Tom and Mary really any good at speaking French?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to speak in French.
About how many times a week do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help us do that.
You're much better at French than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that with us.
You're just in time. Tom and Mary are almost ready.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that with me.
You realize Tom and Mary live in Boston now, right?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that anymore.
You must do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think that would happen.
You don't know why Tom and Mary want me to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John was sleeping.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were expecting you.
Tom and Mary said they didn't sleep much Monday night.
Why didn't you tell me that Tom and Mary were here?
Tom and Mary said they didn't sleep a wink last night.
Who do you think Tom and Mary want to give that to?
Tom and Mary said they didn't see anybody in the park.
Who do you think Tom and Mary want to do that with?
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know where to go.
Where are Tom and Mary going to get shoes that fit?
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know what to buy.
When was the last time Tom and Mary were in Boston?
Tom and Mary said they didn't need to do that anymore.
When do you think Tom and Mary are going to arrive?
Tom and Mary said they didn't like the concert at all.
What makes you think that Tom and Mary are unhappy?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John was angry.
What makes you think Tom and Mary enjoy doing that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know when John was born.
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't Canadians?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to play tennis.
What do you think Tom and Mary are doing right now?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John couldn't swim.
What did you think Tom and Mary were talking about?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know John could do that.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that yesterday?
Tom and Mary said they didn't intend to do that again.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to do that on Monday?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that anymore.
Were Tom and Mary able to do that without any help?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have much money on them.
We're not going to eat until Tom and Mary get home.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any fun doing that.
We're in the same trouble that Tom and Mary are in.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any concrete plans.
We'll see what Tom and Mary have to say about that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't enjoy watching baseball.
We'll begin the meeting when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they could probably help us do that.
We won't start the meeting until Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary said they could do that without any help.
We should do the same thing Tom and Mary are doing.
We know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't here to talk about that.
Too bad Tom and Mary weren't here to help us today.
Tom and Mary said there's nothing they can do to help.
Too bad Tom and Mary weren't here to do that today.
Tom and Mary said there wasn't anything they could do.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John doing that.
Tom and Mary said the smell didn't bother them at all.
Tom and Mary wear the same color clothes every day.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't at home on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that John was good at his job.
Tom and Mary said that they were reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary seem to be shocked that this happened.
Tom and Mary said that they were really uncomfortable.
Tom and Mary know that John doesn't always do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary have told John that he has to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to teach me French.
Tom and Mary have read every book on the top shelf.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to see the manager.
Tom and Mary have put on a lot of weight this year.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to forget about it.
Tom and Mary don't want to go to the beach with us.
Tom and Mary said that they thought John was an idiot.
Tom and Mary don't want to continue working for us.
Tom and Mary said that they needed a little more time.
Tom and Mary don't want to be electrical engineers.
Tom and Mary said that they can't go with us tomorrow.
Tom and Mary don't want to be computer programmers.
Tom and Mary said that John wouldn't let them do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John would really do that.
Tom and Mary said that John would eat lunch with them.
Tom and Mary don't think John does that very often.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who broke the window.
Tom and Mary don't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said doing that has made them very happy.
Tom and Mary aren't used this kind of cold weather.
Tom and Mary said John wouldn't allow them to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure why John did what she did.
Tom and Mary said John wasn't alone when they saw him.
Tom and Mary aren't going to force John to do that.
Tom and Mary said John was the one who told them that.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping me do that.
Tom and Mary said John wanted them to do that for him.
Tom and Mary are still not allowed to talk to John.
Tom and Mary regret that they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary are still looking for a house to rent.
Tom and Mary realized that they might need more money.
Tom and Mary are smoking cigarettes on the balcony.
Tom and Mary realized that John didn't like them much.
Tom and Mary are probably still fascinated by that.
Tom and Mary put the money John gave them in the bank.
Tom and Mary are only half way finished doing that.
Tom and Mary promised to return the books I lent them.
Tom and Mary are now the managers of a golf course.
Tom and Mary promised they'd help me build a doghouse.
Tom and Mary are meeting us at the station at 2:30.
Tom and Mary promised that they wouldn't say anything.
Tom and Mary are going to need your help after all.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd help me clean my room.
Tom and Mary are going to need a little more money.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd come, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary are going to meet John in three hours.
Tom and Mary promised John they would stop doing that.
Tom and Mary are getting pretty good at doing that.
Tom and Mary promised John that they wouldn't be late.
Tom and Mary are flying back to Boston on the 20th.
Tom and Mary probably shouldn't do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are expected back in Boston on Monday.
Tom and Mary probably don't know that John hates them.
Tom and Mary are counting on me for financial help.
Tom and Mary persuaded John to study French with them.
Tom and Mary are being very careful not to do that.
Tom and Mary persuaded John to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary are attempting to correct the problem.
Tom and Mary opened the door as quietly as they could.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same age as you.
Tom and Mary never told me that they were from Boston.
Tom and Mary are always busy this time of the year.
Tom and Mary never told anyone where they hid the key.
This is the third time Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary never should've gone there by themselves.
The people standing near the gate are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary never said what they were planning to do.
The people I usually do that with are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary never did anything John asked them to do.
The only ones here who can't swim are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary might think that we want them to do that.
The only ones here who are afraid are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary might get arrested if they do that again.
The doctor says Tom and Mary are out of danger now.
Tom and Mary may not want to do that, but they should.
That's probably why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary may not remember me, but I remember them.
Right now, Tom and Mary just want to be left alone.
Tom and Mary may not have done what we think they did.
Please tell me whether Tom and Mary do that or not.
Tom and Mary may not be as rich as you think they are.
People like Tom and Mary probably know how to swim.
Tom and Mary made themselves peanut butter sandwiches.
No one knows exactly where Tom and Mary want to go.
Tom and Mary made themselves comfortable on the couch.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't here when this happened.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they didn't like John.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know that I won't do that.
Tom and Mary made a list of things they needed to buy.
It's unclear how long Tom and Mary want us to stay.
Tom and Mary looked like they were through doing that.
It's clear that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary looked like they were tempted to do that.
It's clear that Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary looked like they were having a good time.
It's clear that Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary looked like they were enjoying the party.
It wouldn't surprise me if Tom and Mary don't come.
Tom and Mary look like they've put on a little weight.
It would surprise me if Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary lived on Park Street when they were kids.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to help us.
Tom and Mary live with their parents in a small house.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary let John know that they couldn't do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are prepared to do that.
Tom and Mary learned to drive when they were eighteen.
It looks like Tom and Mary are hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary knew what John had told them wasn't true.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having a lot of fun.
Tom and Mary knew they wouldn't be allowed to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are finished doing that.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have to do that anymore.
It looks as if Tom and Mary have already done that.
Tom and Mary knew there was no way they could do that.
It doesn't seem like Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary knew the police were trying to find them.
Is there any chance Tom and Mary are in Boston now?
Tom and Mary knew that what they were doing was wrong.
Is it true that Tom and Mary don't know any French?
Tom and Mary knew that they weren't likely to be late.
If Tom and Mary were here, we'd be having more fun.
Tom and Mary knew that they were going to be punished.
If Tom and Mary give you any trouble, just call me.
Tom and Mary knew exactly what they were going to say.
If Tom and Mary come, won't you please let me know?
Tom and Mary knew I'd do whatever they asked me to do.
If Tom and Mary aren't going to go, I won't either.
Tom and Mary informed John why they wanted to do that.
I've been here a lot longer than Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary informed John why they needed to do that.
I'm sure that's not the medicine Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary informed John that they couldn't do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary know enough French to get by.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they need to do.
I'm sure Tom and Mary aren't going to buy that car.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they need to do yet.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are just as tired as you are.
Tom and Mary haven't told me why they want to do that.
I'm quite certain Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
Tom and Mary haven't told me why they need to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary haven't gone home yet.
Tom and Mary haven't told me why they have to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have left town by now.
Tom and Mary haven't done anything we told them to do.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have done this before.
Tom and Mary have vowed that they won't do that again.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have been lying to me.
Tom and Mary have told me they're planning to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have been here before.
Tom and Mary have told John that they need to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary have something they need to do right now.
I'm not sure why Tom and Mary are against the idea.
Tom and Mary have really outdone themselves this time.
I'm glad to hear that Tom and Mary weren't injured.
Tom and Mary have promised they won't do that anymore.
I'm certain that Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary have pens, but they don't have any paper.
I'm absolutely certain that Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary have found what they've been looking for.
I wouldn't help Tom and Mary do that if I were you.
Tom and Mary have done everything we asked them to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary have done everything they can to help us.
I wonder why Tom and Mary want to buy one of those.
Tom and Mary have changed a lot since I last saw them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary think we need to do that.
Tom and Mary have been told that they need to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary think we have to do that.
Tom and Mary have been told that they have to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary have already bought everything they want.
I wonder what Tom and Mary were trying to find out.
Tom and Mary have already bought everything they need.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are doing in Boston now.
Tom and Mary have a lot to do before they can go home.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were unhappy here.
I was very surprised by Tom's and Mary's reactions.
Tom and Mary had pens, but they didn't have any paper.
I was told that Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary had no idea that they were being lied to.
I was told that Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary had no idea that they were being cheated.
I understand Tom and Mary were together last night.
Tom and Mary had no idea that John hated them so much.
I thought that Tom and Mary were likely to do that.
Tom and Mary had no desire to stay home by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't very good at French.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy what they wanted.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't finished doing that.
Tom and Mary had enough money to buy what they needed.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't at home last Monday.
Tom and Mary had a good time when they were in Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to do that today.
Tom and Mary got very low scores on their French test.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be here today.
Tom and Mary got everything they wanted for Christmas.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be happy here.
Tom and Mary found John where they expected him to be.
I thought I'd be able to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary forgot to take their umbrellas with them.
I think we should wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary drank the orange juice I poured for them.
I think we should have Tom and Mary do that for us.
Tom and Mary don't want to give their old car to John.
I think we need to find out where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary don't think they're ready to do that yet.
I think that's what Tom and Mary were trying to do.
Tom and Mary don't think they're permitted to do that.
I think Tom and Mary were the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think they can get John to do that.
I think Tom and Mary want to go to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary don't really want to live there, do they?
I think Tom and Mary have forgotten how to do that.
Tom and Mary don't really know how old their dogs are.
I think Tom and Mary have already tried to do that.
Tom and Mary don't need to come if they don't want to.
I think Tom and Mary have already tried doing that.
Tom and Mary don't like it when people say no to them.
I think Tom and Mary don't speak French very often.
Tom and Mary don't like anybody and nobody likes them.
I think Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wanted them to leave.
I think Tom and Mary don't live anywhere near here.
Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they ought to do.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that today.
Tom and Mary don't have to stay if they don't want to.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to be here today.
Tom and Mary don't have to sing if they don't want to.
I think Tom and Mary are waiting for you right now.
Tom and Mary don't have to help if they don't want to.
I think Tom and Mary are the only vegetarians here.
Tom and Mary don't have to come if they don't want to.
I think Tom and Mary are still hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary don't go fishing as much as they used to.
I think Tom and Mary are really going to like this.
Tom and Mary don't come here as often as they used to.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good at doing that.
Tom and Mary don't always do what they're supposed to.
I think Tom and Mary are going to want to sit down.
Tom and Mary do almost everything they're asked to do.
I think Tom and Mary are going to want to see this.
Tom and Mary died before they had a chance to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary didn't want to go, but John made them go.
I think Tom and Mary are feeling a little stressed.
Tom and Mary didn't want me to go to Boston with them.
I think Tom and Mary are amused by what's going on.
Tom and Mary didn't think John would let them do that.
I think I speak French better than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they'd gone to Boston.
I sure hope Tom and Mary come to Boston in October.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they had to do that.
I suppose you think Tom and Mary are really stupid.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they didn't do that.
I suggest you don't do what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John when they'd be arriving.
I saw Tom and Mary yelling at each other yesterday.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John what they wanted to eat.
I only believe about half of what Tom and Mary say.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John what they wanted to buy.
I never thought I'd see Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John what they needed to buy.
I need to find out what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know what they were doing.
I live in the same part of town as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't say what they were planning to do.
I live in the same neighborhood as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't really enjoy doing that, did they?
I like the same kind of music that Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't really do what they said they did.
I know why Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't realize what was expected of them.
I know the reason why Tom and Mary were doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't need to go if they didn't want to.
I know that Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't mention the reason they were late.
I know exactly what Tom and Mary are talking about.
Tom and Mary didn't like John and he didn't like them.
I know Tom and Mary want to make a good impression.
Tom and Mary didn't know where John wanted them to go.
I know Tom and Mary are coming here this afternoon.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they'd be allowed to do.
I knew that Tom and Mary were doing that yesterday.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they were talking about.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't quite ready to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know what John wanted them to buy.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be busy today.
Tom and Mary didn't know that what they did was wrong.
I knew Tom and Mary were keeping something from me.
Tom and Mary didn't know if they could do that or not.
I just want you to know that Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary didn't know how long they'd have to wait.
I hope Tom and Mary are willing to do that with me.
Tom and Mary didn't know how bad I wanted to see them.
I have to find out when Tom and Mary plan to leave.
Tom and Mary didn't help us like they said they would.
I have no reason to believe Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary didn't have to wait for us, but they did.
I have a feeling that Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have any idea what they should do.
I have a feeling that Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't do that for me but for themselves.
I had a feeling Tom and Mary were going to be late.
Tom and Mary didn't do everything we asked them to do.
I expected Tom and Mary to do the same thing I did.
Tom and Mary didn't buy everything they needed to buy.
I don't want to be here when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary did what they could to help John do that.
I don't understand what Tom and Mary want me to do.
Tom and Mary did much more than what we asked them to.
I don't think Tom and Mary were kidding about that.
Tom and Mary did almost all of the work by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to see you anymore.
Tom and Mary definitely want to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary cut up all the pictures they had of John.
I don't think Tom and Mary really enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary couldn't stop themselves from doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who has to do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't find what they were looking for.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's in this box.
Tom and Mary couldn't do everything they needed to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about sailing.
Tom and Mary couldn't come today because they're sick.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about fishing.
Tom and Mary could've said something, but they didn't.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to use an iron.
Tom and Mary could've come yesterday, but they didn't.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to drive a car.
Tom and Mary could get arrested if they do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary know a lot about horses.
Tom and Mary could do that for John if they wanted to.
I don't think Tom and Mary know a lot about Boston.
Tom and Mary convinced John to go to Boston with them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to work on Mondays.
Tom and Mary confessed that they had stolen the money.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary claim they weren't the ones who did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are very good at skiing.
Tom and Mary can't understand why John is mad at them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are prepared to do that.
Tom and Mary can't remember when they moved to Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary are finished doing that.
Tom and Mary can't do it alone. You need to help them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are allergic to peanuts.
Tom and Mary can stay with us as long as they want to.
I don't speak French and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary can make themselves understood in French.
I don't know why Tom and Mary need that much money.
Tom and Mary called to say they'd be three hours late.
I don't know who Tom and Mary want to do that with.
Tom and Mary begged John to give them one more chance.
I don't know who Tom and Mary are going to talk to.
Tom and Mary assured us that they won't do that again.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary like dogs or not.
Tom and Mary asked me if they could close the windows.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are planning to go.
Tom and Mary asked me if they could borrow some money.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are going tomorrow.
Tom and Mary asked me if I could lend them some money.
I don't know what Tom and Mary were so upset about.
Tom and Mary asked if it would be OK if they did that.
I don't know the reason why Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary asked John to make them something to eat.
I don't know how much more money Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary asked John to help them clean the garage.
I don't have as much experience as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary aren't very good poker players, are they?
I do almost everything better than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary aren't sure whether they're ready or not.
I didn't want to answer Tom's and Mary's questions.
Tom and Mary aren't sure whether they locked the door.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested in art.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what they're supposed to buy.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were in the hospital.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they're ready to do that yet.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were talking about.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to come back.
Tom and Mary aren't really sure what they ought to do.
I can't do that as soon as Tom and Mary want me to.
Tom and Mary aren't really going to do that. are they?
I can't believe that Tom and Mary are grandparents.
Tom and Mary aren't really going to do that, are they?
I can't believe Tom and Mary are really that upset.
Tom and Mary aren't planning to do that by themselves.
I always knew that Tom and Mary were troublemakers.
Tom and Mary aren't here yet, but we expect them soon.
How often do Tom and Mary eat dinner at your house?
Tom and Mary aren't expecting me to do that, are they?
How much more money do Tom and Mary want to borrow?
Tom and Mary aren't expected to do that by themselves.
How much money do you think Tom and Mary have left?
Tom and Mary aren't doing that the way they should be.
How much do Tom and Mary know about this situation?
Tom and Mary aren't doing that the way I told them to.
How many songs have Tom and Mary written with John?
Tom and Mary aren't as spontaneous as they used to be.
How many months have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
Tom and Mary aren't as influential as they used to be.
How many minutes have Tom and Mary been doing that?
Tom and Mary aren't as hardworking as they used to be.
How long have Tom and Mary known about the problem?
Tom and Mary aren't as cooperative as they used to be.
How do you think Tom and Mary were able to do that?
Tom and Mary aren't as competitive as they used to be.
How do you know that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston?
Tom and Mary aren't as busy today as they usually are.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to Boston?
Tom and Mary are worse off now than they've ever been.
How did you know Tom and Mary were able to do that?
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to do that for them.
How did we not know that Tom and Mary were unhappy?
Tom and Mary are very good at doing that, aren't they?
How could you tell Tom and Mary weren't having fun?
Tom and Mary are too young to take care of themselves.
Have you wondered why Tom and Mary are always late?
Tom and Mary are still not sure what they ought to do.
Everybody assumed that Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Tom and Mary are sick, so they probably won't do that.
Even Tom and Mary think that the price is too high.
Tom and Mary are sick and so they can't do that today.
Don't you want to know what Tom and Mary look like?
Tom and Mary are rich enough to do anything they want.
Don't you think Tom and Mary have beautiful smiles?
Tom and Mary are rich enough to buy any car they want.
Don't you think Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Tom and Mary are only pretending that they don't know.
Do you think Tom and Mary have finished doing that?
Tom and Mary are only doing what they were told to do.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still mad about that?
Tom and Mary are on the same team as you, aren't they?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were disappointed?
Tom and Mary are much smarter than you think they are.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are uncomfortable?
Tom and Mary are lucky that they were able to do that.
Do you know where Tom and Mary usually go swimming?
Tom and Mary are looking very pleased with themselves.
Do you know where Tom and Mary usually go shopping?
Tom and Mary are here, but they're busy at the moment.
Do you know when Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary are going to do whatever you ask them to.
Do you know what Tom and Mary were doing in Boston?
Tom and Mary are going to do that as soon as they can.
Do you know the song Tom and Mary want you to sing?
Tom and Mary are going to be very sorry they did that.
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary are crying?
Tom and Mary are going to be very happy they did that.
Do you happen to know when Tom and Mary are coming?
Tom and Mary are going to be tired when they get home.
Do Tom and Mary still want to know how we did that?
Tom and Mary are going to be late if they don't hurry.
Do Tom and Mary still think John enjoys doing that?
Tom and Mary are going to be glad they didn't do that.
Do Tom and Mary still have a key to your apartment?
Tom and Mary are fortunate that they can do that here.
Do Tom and Mary still go to the same school as you?
Tom and Mary are fatter now than when I last saw them.
Do Tom and Mary still enjoy watching horror movies?
Tom and Mary are doing that because John told them to.
Do Tom and Mary really understand what's happening?
Tom and Mary are capable of taking care of themselves.
Do Tom and Mary always buy you everything you want?
Tom and Mary are already where they're supposed to be.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary aren't Canadians?
Tom and Mary are a lot younger than they say they are.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were still doing that?
Tom and Mary almost never cried when they were babies.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were living in Boston?
Tom and Mary almost hurt themselves trying to do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were going to do that?
Tom and Mary almost did that when they were in Boston.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were going to be late?
Tom and Mary almost always do what they promise to do.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were allergic to nuts?
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't like John very much.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary had to get visas, too?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd stolen John's money.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary don't like doing that?
Tom and Mary admitted that they ate all the ice cream.
Did you know Tom and Mary weren't going to do that?
This is the room where Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Did you know Tom and Mary were allergic to peanuts?
The shoes I gave Tom and Mary were too small for them.
Did you know Tom and Mary have hats just like that?
Tell Tom and Mary that they need to apologize to John.
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary haven't done that?
Tell Tom and Mary I'm looking forward to meeting them.
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary want to do?
Since Tom and Mary are sick, they can't do that today.
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary need to do?
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to be here by 2:30.
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary have to do?
Please tell Tom and Mary not to do that by themselves.
Are you certain Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Please make sure Tom and Mary don't leave their rooms.
Are Tom and Mary well enough to go to school today?
Maybe Tom and Mary would like you to do that for them.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who want to do that?
Maybe Tom and Mary said something they shouldn't have.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who need to do that?
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what they did was wrong.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who have to do that?
Many of Tom and Mary's friends think they're geniuses.
Are Tom and Mary the ones who asked you to do that?
Let's ask Tom and Mary when they think they'll arrive.
Are Tom and Mary planning to be at today's meeting?
It's necessary for Tom and Mary to do that themselves.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
If Tom and Mary came to Boston, where would they stay?
You'd better do that before Tom and Mary get here.
I've already told Tom and Mary they can borrow my car.
You shouldn't just assume Tom and Mary are guilty.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will wish they hadn't done that.
You shouldn't do that until Tom and Mary get here.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will like the gift you got them.
You should try to do that the way Tom and Mary do.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciate what you do for them.
You should do the same thing that Tom and Mary do.
I'm positive Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
You may as well have Tom and Mary do that for you.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary have everything they need.
Why do Tom and Mary get higher salaries than I do?
I wouldn't let Tom and Mary do what they wanted to do.
Why didn't you tell me Tom and Mary were sleeping?
I wonder why Tom and Mary thought they had to do that.
Why are Tom and Mary afraid to swim in this river?
I wonder if Tom and Mary did what they said they'd do.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are going to live?
I wish Tom and Mary had done what we asked them to do.
What were Tom and Mary doing in Boston last month?
I tried to hug Tom and Mary, but they wouldn't let me.
What makes you think Tom and Mary want to do that?
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they could do that.
What makes you think Tom and Mary need to do that?
I told Tom and Mary not to sing while they're working.
What makes you think Tom and Mary have to do that?
I think we should ask Tom and Mary who told them that.
What kind of music do you think Tom and Mary like?
I think Tom and Mary would leave if you asked them to.
What do you think Tom and Mary were talking about?
I think Tom and Mary will be tired when they get home.
Were Tom and Mary involved in what happened today?
I think Tom and Mary will be doing that by themselves.
We've got to make sure Tom and Mary don't do that.
I think Tom and Mary said they needed to buy a shovel.
We're not sure why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that by themselves.
We'll eat dinner as soon as Tom and Mary get home.
I think I heard Tom and Mary say that they'll do that.
We plan to leave as soon as Tom and Mary get here.
I should've told Tom and Mary why they had to do that.
We need to find out where Tom and Mary are hiding.
I should tell Tom and Mary why John doesn't like them.
We might as well wait until Tom and Mary get here.
I should tell Tom and Mary that they ought to do that.
We know that Tom and Mary are unlikely to do that.
I know Tom and Mary will have to do that on their own.
We have evidence that Tom and Mary were behind it.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't get the jobs they wanted.
We had no idea what Tom and Mary were going to do.
I knew Tom and Mary would do what we asked them to do.
We can't do what Tom and Mary have asked us to do.
I just want Tom and Mary to know that we'll miss them.
We all need to leave before Tom and Mary get back.
I hope Tom and Mary didn't say they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were surprised to see John in Boston.
I hope Tom and Mary did what they were supposed to do.
Tom and Mary want to talk to you before you leave.
I doubt that Tom and Mary could do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary seem to be really curious about that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary seem to be having a really good time.
I don't think Tom and Mary will do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have met a lot of interesting people.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they need to buy.
Tom and Mary have found another way to make money.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they have to buy.
Tom and Mary have decided to become yoga teachers.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary have been in Australia since October.
I didn't allow Tom and Mary do what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary don't want to come to Boston with us.
I asked Tom and Mary whether they wanted to go or not.
Tom and Mary don't think it's possible to do that.
I asked Tom and Mary to do that as soon as they could.
Tom and Mary don't think it'll be easy to do that.
How did Tom and Mary get John to cook dinner for them?
Tom and Mary don't speak either French or English.
How can Tom and Mary possibly take care of themselves?
Tom and Mary don't plan on going back there again.
Have you told Tom and Mary why they shouldn't do that?
Tom and Mary don't know why John needs to do that.
Find Tom and Mary and ask them what you just asked me.
Tom and Mary don't feel like doing that right now.
Everyone looked at Tom and Mary to see what they'd do.
Tom and Mary aren't used this kind of hot weather.
Do you think Tom and Mary really meant what they said?
Tom and Mary aren't the only ones who'll be there.
Do you think Tom and Mary knew you were lying to them?
Tom and Mary aren't sure why John did what he did.
Do you think Tom and Mary could do that by themselves?
Tom and Mary aren't likely get much sleep tonight.
Do you think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Tom and Mary aren't going to force you to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary believed what you told them?
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that until Monday.
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be in Boston all summer?
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to say something.
Did you know Tom and Mary before they joined the team?
Tom and Mary are waiting for that to happen again.
Did Tom and Mary tell John why they couldn't help him?
Tom and Mary are very likely to succeed this time.
Did Tom and Mary say they thought they had to do that?
Tom and Mary are the only ones who're still there.
Did Tom and Mary say anything about where they'd been?
Tom and Mary are the only ones here who know John.
Ask Tom and Mary if they're willing to work part-time.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John to arrive.
Are you sure Tom and Mary can take care of themselves?
Tom and Mary are still not sure why that happened.
Are you sure Tom and Mary can handle it by themselves?
Tom and Mary are sitting on a bench in the garden.
Are Tom and Mary really going to Boston by themselves?
Tom and Mary are probably safe for the time being.
You told Tom and Mary they could do that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary are only half way through doing that.
You can't blame Tom and Mary for doing what they did.
Tom and Mary are never going to get there on time.
You asked Tom and Mary why they did that, didn't you?
Tom and Mary are in the kitchen cooking something.
Would you want Tom and Mary to do that by themselves?
Tom and Mary are having the same problems John is.
Would you like Tom and Mary to do that by themselves?
Tom and Mary are going to visit Boston next month.
Will Tom and Mary really be doing that by themselves?
Tom and Mary are going to need a little more time.
Why would Tom and Mary need John to do that for them?
Tom and Mary are going to leave in thirty minutes.
Why would Tom and Mary do that if they don't have to?
Tom and Mary are going to go to Boston in October.
Why should Tom and Mary ask John to do that for them?
Tom and Mary are going to go camping next weekend.
Why did Tom and Mary stop doing what they were doing?
Tom and Mary are going to find out how to do that.
Who did Tom and Mary think would lend them umbrellas?
Tom and Mary are going to be the people in charge.
Where do Tom and Mary want me to put their suitcases?
Tom and Mary are going to be late for the concert.
Where did Tom and Mary stay when they were in Boston?
Tom and Mary are going to be in Boston next month.
Where did Tom and Mary say they thought we should go?
Tom and Mary are going to be doing that next week.
What're Tom and Mary going to do after they graduate?
Tom and Mary are going back to Boston this summer.
We've already told Tom and Mary what they need to do.
Tom and Mary are getting a lot better at swimming.
We all hope Tom and Mary do what they say they'll do.
Tom and Mary are getting a lot better at baseball.
We all hope Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are definitely doing the right thing.
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they should do that?
Tom and Mary are approximately the same age as me.
Was it you who told Tom and Mary they had to do that?
This is the same hospital where Tom and Mary work.
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from their school.
This is the hotel where Tom and Mary usually stay.
Tom and Mary write much better now than they used to.
This is the hospital where Tom and Mary were born.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do what John wanted them to do.
There are a lot of things Tom and Mary like to do.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that if they didn't want to.
The problem is we don't know who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that if they didn't need to.
The police think Tom and Mary have been kidnapped.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that if they didn't have to.
The party won't start until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary would've stayed longer if they could've.
The girls sitting on the bench are Mary and Alice.
Tom and Mary would've helped you if you'd asked them.
Please find out when Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary would've gone with you if they could've.
Please find out when Tom and Mary plan to be here.
Tom and Mary would do anything to get what they want.
Please don't do that until Tom and Mary get there.
Tom and Mary would do anything John asked them to do.
Perhaps Tom and Mary know something that we don't.
Tom and Mary would be in Boston now if they could be.
Nothing that Tom and Mary do surprises me anymore.
Tom and Mary work harder now than they did last year.
Nobody else believes Tom and Mary are still alive.
Tom and Mary wore their Halloween costumes to school.
No one seems to know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary won't tell us anything about themselves.
No matter what I do, Tom and Mary always complain.
Tom and Mary won't go away if you don't want them to.
My guess is that Tom and Mary are looking for you.
Tom and Mary won't be very hungry when they get home.
My advice is to wait and see what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary wished they'd been invited to the party.
Maybe that's what Tom and Mary were talking about.
Tom and Mary wished they could stay in Boston longer.
Look, I told you Tom and Mary are friends of mine.
Tom and Mary will probably tell John they'll do that.
Let's hope that Tom and Mary don't try to do that.
Tom and Mary will probably get fined if they do that.
Let's hope Tom and Mary weren't injured too badly.
Tom and Mary will miss the train if they don't hurry.
It's possible that Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary will love the presents you got for them.
It's clear that Tom and Mary aren't yet persuaded.
Tom and Mary will likely be tired when they get home.
It's clear that Tom and Mary aren't yet convinced.
Tom and Mary will do that only if John tells them to.
It's clear Tom and Mary like being here in Boston.
Tom and Mary will be really disappointed, won't they?
It sounds like Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't feeling well, so they went home.
It sounds like Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary were there for John when he needed them.
It sounds like Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary were talking louder than they needed to.
It seems to rain every time Tom and Mary visit us.
Tom and Mary were hoping you could do that with them.
It seems that Tom and Mary have already done that.
Tom and Mary were convinced that they had to do that.
It seemed that Tom and Mary were hiding something.
Tom and Mary were aware that they were being watched.
It looks like Tom and Mary are through doing that.
Tom and Mary were able to do that on their third try.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having a good time.
Tom and Mary were able to buy everything they needed.
Is it true or did Tom and Mary make that story up?
Tom and Mary wanted their mother to leave them alone.
If Tom and Mary want to stay, I have no objection.
Tom and Mary wanted me to buy some firewood for them.
If Tom and Mary don't want me to do that, I won't.
Tom and Mary wanted John to teach them how to juggle.
If Tom and Mary are here, you don't need to worry.
Tom and Mary wanted John to stay in Boston with them.
If Tom and Mary are going to be there, I won't go.
Tom and Mary wanted John to invite them to his party.
I've figured out why Tom and Mary are always late.
Tom and Mary want you to help them do their homework.
I've been told Tom and Mary are going to be fired.
I'm the one who asked you where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary want the rest of the money you owe them.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary visit me every time they come to Boston.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary are counting on.
Tom and Mary visit John every time they're in Boston.
I'm sure that's not the school Tom and Mary go to.
Tom and Mary visit John every time they go to Boston.
I'm sure Tom and Mary were in Boston at that time.
Tom and Mary very seldom kiss their children anymore.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
Tom and Mary used to do that, but they don't anymore.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be handcuffed.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary know we're here.
Tom and Mary used to do that better than they do now.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary tried to warn John, but he ignored them.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
Tom and Mary told us about how nice you were to them.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary were talking about.
Tom and Mary told the police that they'd been robbed.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
Tom and Mary told me why they weren't at the meeting.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told me why they wanted to study French.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are here to help us do that.
Tom and Mary told me why they didn't want to do that.
I'm fairly certain that Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary told me where they were planning to eat.
I'm afraid Tom and Mary don't want to talk to you.
Tom and Mary told me to meet them at their apartment.
I'm absolutely sure that's what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that, but they didn't.
I'm absolutely sure that's what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to talk to John.
I'll see if I can find out where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me they were born in this hospital.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary go to school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to do that tomorrow.
I'd like to stay here until Tom and Mary get back.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they might do that.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought they could do that.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought John could do that.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they sleep with the window open.
I'd be interested to know what Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary told me they had a knife I could borrow.
I wouldn't let Tom and Mary do that if I were you.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't remember doing that.
I would never eat anything that Tom and Mary make.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know how to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary weren't at school today.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know John very well.
I wonder why Tom and Mary think I need to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they've decided to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary think I have to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they're through doing that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary haven't gotten here yet.
Tom and Mary told me that they're tempted to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be here early today.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they won't do that anymore.
I wonder who Tom and Mary plan to ask to the prom.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was ugly.
I wonder where Tom and Mary plan to sleep tonight.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was sick.
I wish I could do that as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was safe.
I was working yesterday, but Tom and Mary weren't.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was rich.
I was told that Tom and Mary have moved to Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was nosy.
I was sleeping while Tom and Mary were doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was nice.
I was impressed Tom and Mary were able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was mean.
I want you to be ready when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was lost.
I want to know why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was lazy.
I want to go to the store where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was cool.
I try to always do the same thing Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was cold.
I thought you didn't know where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary told me that they thought John was busy.
I thought that Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they often dream in French.
I thought that Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary told me that they don't know what to do.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't mad at you anymore.
Tom and Mary told me last week they wouldn't do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary told John where they hid the gold coins.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to like it here.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't do that anymore.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't be at his party.
I thought Tom and Mary used to be French teachers.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't going to do that.
I think what Tom and Mary are doing is worthwhile.
I think it's strange that Tom and Mary are absent.
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to move to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary need to buy some new clothes.
Tom and Mary told John they hoped they could do that.
I think Tom and Mary have done that once or twice.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want him to leave.
I think Tom and Mary have done that at least once.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't intend to do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't speak French very well.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd been out shopping.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty remarkable people.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd be home on Monday.
I think Tom and Mary are interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were ready to leave.
I think Tom and Mary are hiding something from us.
Tom and Mary told John that they were home on Monday.
I think Tom and Mary are hiding something from me.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought he was cute.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that the wrong way.
Tom and Mary told John that they thought I'd do that.
I think I'll be able to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary thought they'd come up with a good plan.
I think I couldn't do what Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to help us today.
I suggest you do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do that today.
I still wonder why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to cheer John up.
I should do the same thing Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be all alone.
I really wish I knew what Tom and Mary plan to do.
Tom and Mary thought that they were going to be busy.
I really don't think Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary thought that they might be able do that.
I really don't think Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary thought that John wouldn't forgive them.
I really don't think Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary thought John wouldn't do that with them.
I really don't think Tom and Mary are going to go.
Tom and Mary think they'd be good basketball coaches.
I paid attention to what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary tend to only do what they're told to do.
I now realize why Tom and Mary were angry with me.
Tom and Mary talked John into eating lunch with them.
I need to know where Tom and Mary were last night.
Tom and Mary suggested that I go to Boston with them.
I need to go buy the medication Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary study much harder now than they used to.
I live in Boston and Tom and Mary live in Chicago.
Tom and Mary stopped crying as soon as they saw John.
I know where Tom and Mary are going to be tonight.
Tom and Mary still live in Boston with their parents.
I know that Tom and Mary were at your house today.
Tom and Mary stayed with me when they came to Boston.
I know that Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
Tom and Mary started to leave, but John stopped them.
I know that Tom and Mary aren't likely to do that.
Tom and Mary showed me the letter they got from John.
I know that Tom and Mary aren't afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary shouldn't tell John about what they did.
I know that Tom and Mary are reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary should've taken care of that themselves.
I know exactly what Tom and Mary are going to say.
Tom and Mary should've left when they had the chance.
I know Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary should've invited John, but they didn't.
I know Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary should've asked me before they did that.
I know Tom and Mary are going to be there tonight.
Tom and Mary should tell John they intend to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary should do that the way John showed them.
I just wish Tom and Mary weren't leaving tomorrow.
Tom and Mary should be glad they're not here with us.
I just want you to tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary should be able to do that by themselves.
I hope that Tom and Mary don't find out the truth.
Tom and Mary seemed to really be enjoying themselves.
I hope that Tom and Mary come to my party tonight.
Tom and Mary seemed to like talking about themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are willing to do that for me.
Tom and Mary seemed to be surprised when I told them.
I hope Tom and Mary are coming to Boston with you.
Tom and Mary seem to know what they're talking about.
I hope Tom and Mary are amused by what's going on.
Tom and Mary seem to know exactly what they're doing.
I heard that Tom and Mary weren't at school today.
Tom and Mary seem to actually be enjoying themselves.
I heard Tom and Mary are going to quit doing that.
Tom and Mary say they've never been to Boston before.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary say they've been asked to give speeches.
I have no idea where Tom and Mary were last night.
Tom and Mary say they're willing to do that for John.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary were looking for.
Tom and Mary say they're willing to buy that for you.
I have a lot more experience than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they're tired of talking about John.
I had a feeling that Tom and Mary were in trouble.
Tom and Mary say they'll be more careful from now on.
I found the picture Tom and Mary were looking for.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather do that by themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have actually done that.
Tom and Mary say they won't have time to do that now.
I don't want to help Tom and Mary do that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they won't be able to help us today.
I don't think that's why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary say they won't be able to do that today.
I don't think anyone notices what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they think it's possible to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that either.
Tom and Mary say they regret having been rude to you.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they need to find someplace to live.
I don't think Tom and Mary really plan to do that.
Tom and Mary say they need to be in Boston next week.
I don't think Tom and Mary really need to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John will want to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary really have to do that.
Tom and Mary say they know John will need to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to do that either.
Tom and Mary say they know John will have to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary live in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary say they know John can't swim very well.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what to do either.
Tom and Mary say they just want some peace and quiet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what I want to do.
Tom and Mary say they just couldn't let John do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I'm Canadian.
Tom and Mary say they hope that John doesn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about sports.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows how to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about Boston.
Tom and Mary say they have no trouble falling asleep.
I don't think Tom and Mary know all the rules yet.
Tom and Mary say they have no idea why John did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know I still have this.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot of homework tonight.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many options.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to do that with you.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very many friends.
Tom and Mary say they don't think you should do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have very long to live.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they could do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that either.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John would do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have many weekends off.
Tom and Mary say they don't like chocolate ice cream.
I don't think Tom and Mary have many friends here.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever been in love.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what they should do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have enough experience.
Tom and Mary say they don't have time to do that now.
I don't think Tom and Mary have driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like doing that now.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any classes today.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John would do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are trying hard enough.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John couldn't swim.
I don't think Tom and Mary are through doing that.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know John could do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to like that.
Tom and Mary say they definitely won't do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to get fired.
Tom and Mary say they definitely won't do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being very helpful.
Tom and Mary say they can't prove that John did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary say they always knew they could do that.
I don't think I've ever seen Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say that they don't feel like going out.
I don't really think Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary say John is willing to do that for them.
I don't really think Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary saved all of the letters John sent them.
I don't really think Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they've only tried doing that once.
I don't need to know where Tom and Mary are going.
Tom and Mary said they've only done that three times.
I don't like Boston and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary said they've never seen John doing that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary weren't at my party.
Tom and Mary said they've done that only three times.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't want me to go.
Tom and Mary said they've been waiting for some time.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are in the hospital.
Tom and Mary said they've been trying to lose weight.
I don't know where Tom and Mary usually go skiing.
Tom and Mary said they've been told to do that again.
I don't know what kind of people Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they've been having fun doing that.
I don't know what kind of music Tom and Mary like.
Tom and Mary said they've been having fun being here.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they've always been good at sports.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are so upset about.
Tom and Mary said they're sure John needs to do that.
I don't know exactly what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary said they're ready to defend themselves.
I don't have as much free time as Tom and Mary do.
I don't care what Tom and Mary say. I'm not going.
Tom and Mary said they'll help us if we want them to.
I don't care about what Tom and Mary say about me.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that for John this time.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'll be doing that on their own.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were making any sense.
Tom and Mary said they'd try doing that this weekend.
I didn't think Tom and Mary had driver's licenses.
Tom and Mary said they'd prefer not to do that today.
I didn't know who Tom and Mary were going to meet.
Tom and Mary said they'd only be gone for a few days.
I didn't know where Tom and Mary were going to go.
Tom and Mary said they'd never want to do that alone.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were trying to do.
Tom and Mary said they'd never permit you to do that.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were going to say.
Tom and Mary said they'd never allow John to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were your friends.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me if I wanted them to.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were in Australia.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that in a couple of days.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't ready to leave.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that if I wanted them to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary weren't good at French.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that as soon as they can.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were such good singers.
Tom and Mary said they'd contact me, but they didn't.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were interested in art.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing do that for free.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be there.
Tom and Mary said they'd be the last ones to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to be fired.
Tom and Mary said they'd be the first one to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they'd be interested in doing that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be glad to buy that for you.
I didn't even notice what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary said they'd ask John to do that for you.
I could hardly hear what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't try to do that again.
I can't understand why Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't try doing that again.
I can't imagine what Tom and Mary are feeling now.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't recommend doing that.
I can't even remember what Tom and Mary look like.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't like to do that here.
I can see why Tom and Mary like having you around.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that until Monday.
I bet Tom and Mary have never even been to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that anytime soon.
I bet Tom and Mary are wondering why you did that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do anything about it.
I assumed Tom and Mary were working with you guys.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be back until Monday.
How were Tom and Mary able to buy a car like that?
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be afraid to do that.
How many years have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
Tom and Mary said they wished you'd do that for them.
How many weeks have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't gone there.
How many times have Tom and Mary done that to you?
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't been there.
How many months have Tom and Mary been doing that?
Tom and Mary said they weren't expecting John's help.
How many hours have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
Tom and Mary said they weren't aware of any problems.
How many hours a day do Tom and Mary study French?
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to do any more.
How do you know that's where Tom and Mary are now?
Tom and Mary said they were tired of giving speeches.
How do we know Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Tom and Mary said they were hoping you would do that.
How do Tom and Mary plan to cope with the problem?
Tom and Mary said they were hoping you could do that.
How did you know Tom and Mary weren't the thieves?
Tom and Mary said they were going to help us do that.
Have Tom and Mary said anything to you about that?
Tom and Mary said they were glad they didn't do that.
Have Tom and Mary ever told you any ghost stories?
Tom and Mary said they were glad John didn't do that.
Fishing is the only thing Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go swimming with us.
Everybody I know thinks Tom and Mary are stuck up.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go home early today.
Don't you want to know why Tom and Mary were here?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do it by themselves.
Does anyone here really care what Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary said they wanted something hot to drink.
Do you think Tom and Mary are planning to help us?
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to do that tomorrow.
Do you think Tom and Mary are finished doing that?
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to be here tomorrow.
Do you think Tom and Mary are coming to the party?
Tom and Mary said they want to do that by themselves.
Do you really want to know where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary said they thought you'd want to do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were embarrassed?
Tom and Mary said they thought they'd be able to win.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were discouraged?
Tom and Mary said they thought they ought to do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are good-looking?
Tom and Mary said they thought they couldn't do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are going to die?
Tom and Mary said they thought the room was too cold.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are conservative?
Tom and Mary said they thought that we could do that.
Do you know where Tom and Mary usually go fishing?
Tom and Mary said they thought John wouldn't do that.
Do you know where Tom and Mary are waiting for us?
Tom and Mary said they thought I'd regret doing that.
Do you know what Tom and Mary are going to do now?
Tom and Mary said they thought I'd already done that.
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary were late?
Tom and Mary said they thought I should study harder.
Do you have any idea why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Tom and Mary said they thought I should study French.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary want to do?
Tom and Mary said they planned to get home on Monday.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary need to do?
Tom and Mary said they never wanted to do that again.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary have to do?
Tom and Mary said they never expected this to happen.
Do you always do what Tom and Mary tell you to do?
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that pretty soon.
Do Tom and Mary still think John is a good driver?
Tom and Mary said they need to do that by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still have keys to your apartment?
Tom and Mary said they liked the color of my T-shirt.
Do Tom and Mary really walk to work every morning?
Tom and Mary said they knew what was going to happen.
Do Tom and Mary really understand what's going on?
Tom and Mary said they knew that John should do that.
Do Tom and Mary really think people still do that?
Tom and Mary said they knew that John had to do that.
Do Tom and Mary know we've never done this before?
Tom and Mary said they hoped they could win the race.
Do Tom and Mary know that you're going to do that?
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would do that soon.
Do Tom and Mary always eat lunch at the same time?
Tom and Mary said they have to go to school tomorrow.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary are from Boston?
Tom and Mary said they have to do that by themselves.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were still in prison?
Tom and Mary said they had something to take care of.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary are good at juggling?
Tom and Mary said they had something important to do.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were using cocaine?
Tom and Mary said they got paid extra for doing that.
Did you know Tom and Mary are actually very smart?
Tom and Mary said they found it difficult to do that.
Can't you see Tom and Mary are trying to help you?
Tom and Mary said they don't want to talk to anybody.
As far as I can tell, Tom and Mary are having fun.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to do that anymore.
As Tom and Mary were doing that, it began to rain.
Tom and Mary said they don't mind doing that for you.
Are you saying that Tom and Mary are bad teachers?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to try doing that.
Are you certain Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to think about it.
Are these the cups that Tom and Mary drank out of?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to see that movie.
Are Tom and Mary the ones who told you to do that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to live in Boston.
Are Tom and Mary going to be at the party tonight?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want anything to drink.
A lot of people feel the same way Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think I should do that.
"Are Tom and Mary afraid?" "No, I don't think so."
Tom and Mary said they didn't speak French very well.
You're three years younger than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember what happened.
You'd better do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really want to do that.
You need to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really need to do that.
You must try to understand how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really know what to do.
You must do whatever Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't really have to do that.
You must be happy now that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't mind doing that at all.
You like the way Tom and Mary do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary said they didn't live in Boston anymore.
You know what Tom and Mary are capable of, right?
Tom and Mary said they didn't like the taste of beer.
You have to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why that happened.
You have no idea where Tom and Mary work, do you?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John did that.
Why not do the same thing Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who to give it to.
Why aren't Tom and Mary doing something about it?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know much about Boston.
Who're Tom and Mary planning to take to the prom?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how John did that.
When have Tom and Mary ever done anything for me?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to wait very long.
What were Tom and Mary doing in Boston last week?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that either.
What time do Tom and Mary usually leave for work?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have driver's licenses.
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't like you?
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any classes today.
What makes you think Tom and Mary are in trouble?
Tom and Mary said they didn't go to school yesterday.
What makes you so sure Tom and Mary want to stay?
Tom and Mary said they didn't expect John to do that.
What do Tom and Mary have to do with any of this?
Tom and Mary said they couldn't understand my French.
What did you think Tom and Mary were going to do?
Tom and Mary said they couldn't find anything to eat.
What color shirts are Tom and Mary wearing today?
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do that anytime soon.
What are Tom and Mary going to wear to the party?
Tom and Mary said they could smell something burning.
We'll begin the party when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they assumed you'd want to do that.
We still don't know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary said they assumed John wouldn't do that.
We have to stay here until Tom and Mary get back.
We can't even be sure Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they aren't used this kind of food.
Tom and Mary weren't telling you the whole truth.
Tom and Mary said the heat didn't bother them at all.
Tom and Mary were wearing very expensive watches.
Tom and Mary said the cold didn't bother them at all.
Tom and Mary were the ones who paid for the taxi.
Tom and Mary said that wasn't what they wanted to do.
Tom and Mary were supposed to be protecting John.
Tom and Mary said that they'll go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and Mary have to go somewhere this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said that they'd been forced to do that.
Tom and Mary have to do something this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't wait any longer.
Tom and Mary have made several very big mistakes.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't mind doing that.
Tom and Mary have lived in many different places.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary have given up trying to lose weight.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't students anymore.
Tom and Mary don't want to go shopping with John.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John will do that today.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think John is able to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't going to be late.
Tom and Mary don't think John enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really disappointed.
Tom and Mary don't really like this kind of food.
Tom and Mary said that they were hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary don't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom and Mary said that they were having a lot of fun.
Tom and Mary don't know what John has been doing.
Tom and Mary said that they were finished doing that.
Tom and Mary don't know how to solve the problem.
Tom and Mary said that they were enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary don't know anything about astronomy.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't yet sure what the problem is.
Tom and Mary said that they shouldn't have done that.
Tom and Mary aren't quite sure why this happened.
Tom and Mary said that they really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't quite sure why that happened.
Tom and Mary said that they needed to get some sleep.
Tom and Mary aren't going to stay here very long.
Tom and Mary said that they had to go there tomorrow.
Tom and Mary aren't expecting any help from John.
Tom and Mary said that they enjoyed your party a lot.
Tom and Mary are waiting for something to happen.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't understand French.
Tom and Mary are very satisfied with the results.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't wait to do that.
Tom and Mary are trying to make up for lost time.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't wait any longer.
Tom and Mary are the only Canadians working here.
Tom and Mary sacrificed their own lives to save John.
Tom and Mary are the only Canadians in our class.
Tom and Mary ride their bicycles to school every day.
Tom and Mary are still not allowed to visit John.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me where they were born.
Tom and Mary are playing football this afternoon.
Tom and Mary refused to do what they were told to do.
Tom and Mary are obviously doing something right.
Tom and Mary really should've stayed where they were.
Tom and Mary are lucky John hasn't done that yet.
Tom and Mary promised us they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary are leaving Boston tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd do that right away.
Tom and Mary are just not used to doing that yet.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary are having the same problems we are.
Tom and Mary probably wish they hadn't eaten so much.
Tom and Mary are going to take good care of John.
Tom and Mary probably don't know they should do that.
Tom and Mary are going to stay in Boston a while.
Tom and Mary probably couldn't do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to start doing that today.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't understand French.
Tom and Mary are going to see John again tonight.
Tom and Mary paid me back all the money they owed me.
Tom and Mary are going to have some fun tomorrow.
Tom and Mary never walk anywhere unless they have to.
Tom and Mary are going to Boston for three weeks.
Tom and Mary never told me who they were working for.
Tom and Mary are flying back to Boston on Monday.
Tom and Mary never told me where they went to school.
Tom and Mary are excited about the possibilities.
Tom and Mary never do anything unless I tell them to.
Tom and Mary are convinced that John is innocent.
Tom and Mary need to do that before they can go home.
Tom and Mary are coming back to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary might help you if you ask them politely.
This is what Tom and Mary were trying to show us.
Tom and Mary might get killed if they try to do that.
This is the place where Tom and Mary usually eat.
Tom and Mary might be very hungry when they get home.
There's no way Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary might be able to get home by themselves.
The party won't start until Tom and Mary show up.
Tom and Mary mentioned they were concerned about you.
The only ones under thirty here are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary mentioned they had to work next weekend.
The girls standing over there are Mary and Alice.
Tom and Mary may have as much ice cream as they want.
The boys playing the saxophones are Tom and John.
Tom and Mary made me swear not to tell their parents.
That's not what Tom and Mary were planning to do.
Tom and Mary made it clear that they wanted to leave.
That house over there is where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary looked pretty sick when I last saw them.
Somebody here has to know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't in a good mood.
Nobody here seems to know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary looked like they were going to collapse.
No one knows exactly where Tom and Mary are from.
Tom and Mary look like they're about to start crying.
Maybe we should wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary look exactly the same as they always do.
Maybe this is what Tom and Mary were looking for.
Tom and Mary let themselves in through the back door.
Maybe someone here knows where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary let me know that they wanted to do that.
Maybe it's a good thing Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary know there's only one thing they can do.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary know that they sometimes drink too much.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't care about what happens.
Tom and Mary knew they were supposed to go yesterday.
Maybe Tom and Mary are too shy to come over here.
Tom and Mary knew that they were unlikely to be late.
Let's wait and see what Tom and Mary actually do.
Tom and Mary keep telling everyone how rich they are.
Let's see what Tom and Mary have to say about it.
Tom and Mary keep telling everyone how busy they are.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary are going to do.
Tom and Mary just told me they were getting divorced.
It's nice that Tom and Mary finally have hobbies.
Tom and Mary hurt themselves while trying to do that.
It's much safer here than where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary hope that John will eat lunch with them.
It's hard not to smile when Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary haven't yet admitted that they did that.
It's a miracle that Tom and Mary are still alive.
Tom and Mary haven't told me why they didn't do that.
It's a good thing Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary haven't been very kind to us, have they?
It'll be dark by the time Tom and Mary get there.
Tom and Mary have told me they won't do that anymore.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are in trouble again.
Tom and Mary have to do that before they can go home.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary have proven that they can still do that.
It seems that Tom and Mary don't plan to do that.
Tom and Mary have no idea what they're talking about.
It seems like Tom and Mary enjoy being miserable.
Tom and Mary have everything they need to do the job.
It looks like Tom and Mary have done that before.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy what they want.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary have enough money to buy what they need.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
Tom and Mary have done what they were supposed to do.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't know what to do.
Tom and Mary have done something they shouldn't have.
It looks like Tom and Mary don't know how to ski.
Tom and Mary have done more than we asked them to do.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't busy right now.
Tom and Mary have done everything we told them to do.
It looks like Tom and Mary are determined to win.
Tom and Mary have decided they don't want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are being cooperative.
Tom and Mary have been told to do that by themselves.
It doesn't matter if Tom and Mary do that or not.
Tom and Mary have been here since they were children.
It doesn't look like Tom and Mary are very happy.
Is it true that Tom and Mary are going to Boston?
Tom and Mary hardly ever kiss their children anymore.
If Tom and Mary want to go, I have no objections.
Tom and Mary hardly ever do what they say they'll do.
If Tom and Mary don't go camping, I won't either.
Tom and Mary had trouble explaining what they wanted.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, it won't get done.
Tom and Mary had some problems they had to deal with.
I've seen Tom and Mary do some remarkable things.
Tom and Mary had no desire to go there by themselves.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are quite obstinate.
Tom and Mary got mad at me for not listening to them.
I've been asked not to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary found the picture they were looking for.
I've already told Tom and Mary what I plan to do.
Tom and Mary found some gold coins in their backyard.
I'm very surprised that Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary finally managed to buy what they needed.
I'm the only one who know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary drive the way John taught them to drive.
I'm sure somebody will help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary don't yet know what they're going to do.
I'm sure Tom and Mary haven't forgotten about us.
Tom and Mary don't want to finish what they're doing.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are grateful for your help.
Tom and Mary don't want me to see what they're doing.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are aware of what happened.
Tom and Mary don't think they're very good at French.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary were being truthful.
Tom and Mary don't think they're as creative as John.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary live on Park Street.
Tom and Mary don't think they really need to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't know I'm here.
Tom and Mary don't think they really have to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary aren't going to win.
Tom and Mary don't think that John did that, do they?
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are happy in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't think John would let them do that.
I'm not sure what kind of cars Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary don't seem to know what they need to do.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary are talking about.
Tom and Mary don't seem to know what they have to do.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary don't play golf as much as they used to.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary need to do.
Tom and Mary don't need me to tell them how to do it.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary have to do.
Tom and Mary don't like the houses that they live in.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are willing to help us.
Tom and Mary don't like John telling them what to do.
I'm not going to tell you where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary don't know why John wants them to leave.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary do that to you.
Tom and Mary don't know what they're going to do yet.
I'm hoping that Tom and Mary never do that again.
Tom and Mary don't know what John expects them to do.
I'm glad that Tom and Mary are in Boston with us.
Tom and Mary don't know they've got to do that today.
I'm fairly certain Tom and Mary don't believe us.
Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that again.
I'll just wait here until Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary don't know if they have time to do that.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom and Mary are late.
Tom and Mary don't know how they're going to do that.
I wondered why Tom and Mary were studying French.
Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they need to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary weren't here yesterday.
Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they have to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were kept after school.
Tom and Mary don't know anything about this, do they?
I wonder why Tom and Mary want to buy that house.
Tom and Mary don't have their phones with them today.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary don't have any confidence in themselves.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't very happy here.
Tom and Mary don't ever win when they play badminton.
I wonder when Tom and Mary are going to get here.
Tom and Mary don't do anything they don't have to do.
I wonder what Tom and Mary were doing last night.
Tom and Mary don't care what people think about them.
I wish that I could've seen Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary do that the way John told them to do it.
I wasn't the one who helped Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary do almost anything John asks them to do.
I wasn't surprised that Tom and Mary were afraid.
Tom and Mary didn't want to make fools of themselves.
I wasn't planning to help, but Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they had to.
I was at Harvard the same time Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary didn't want John to know they were rich.
I thought that Tom and Mary were studying French.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they intended to do that.
I thought that Tom and Mary were still in school.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they wanted to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't in prison anymore.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John that they were leaving.
I thought Tom and Mary were trying to impress me.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know what they should do.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be punished.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to know what they had to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be arrested.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be very hungry, did they?
I thought Tom and Mary were desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't really want to do that, did they?
I thought Tom and Mary were coming home with you.
Tom and Mary didn't really need to do that, did they?
I think that we should help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary didn't really mean to do that, did they?
I think my new neighbors' names are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary didn't really have to do that, did they?
I think Tom and Mary know who live in that house.
Tom and Mary didn't really go swimming by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary know how to do that already.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they were being followed.
I think Tom and Mary haven't made a decision yet.
Tom and Mary didn't like bananas when they were kids.
I think Tom and Mary have some friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't know when they needed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have never seen this before.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were likely to be late.
I think Tom and Mary have never done this before.
Tom and Mary didn't know they didn't need to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that before.
Tom and Mary didn't know they didn't have to do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't want to do that today.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they needed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are very talented musicians.
Tom and Mary didn't eat anything until they got home.
I think Tom and Mary are too shy to talk to John.
Tom and Mary didn't drink the wine I poured for them.
I think Tom and Mary are the only Canadians here.
Tom and Mary didn't do what they were supposed to do.
I think Tom and Mary are still afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary did something I never thought they'd do.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good at baseball.
Tom and Mary did exactly what they'd been told to do.
I think Tom and Mary are a little too optimistic.
Tom and Mary did everything they were supposed to do.
I suspect Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary did all they could to help John do that.
I sure hope Tom and Mary go to Boston next month.
Tom and Mary decided to try doing that by themselves.
I suggest you do what Tom and Mary ask you to do.
Tom and Mary couldn't see themselves ever doing that.
I need to know everything Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary couldn't do that even if they wanted to.
I like the kind of music that Tom and Mary write.
Tom and Mary could've left early if they'd wanted to.
I know why Tom and Mary were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary could've done that if you'd helped them.
I know the reason why Tom and Mary were laughing.
Tom and Mary could've done that faster by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary don't often leave early.
Tom and Mary could stay at our house if they want to.
I know that Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
Tom and Mary could hardly make themselves understood.
I know that Tom and Mary aren't eager to do that.
Tom and Mary could get hurt if they tried to do that.
I know Tom and Mary have already left for Boston.
Tom and Mary could do that well when they were young.
I know Tom and Mary aren't the ones who did this.
Tom and Mary could do that if you gave them a chance.
I know Tom and Mary are hiding something from me.
Tom and Mary confessed that they'd broken the window.
I just wish I knew why Tom and Mary weren't here.
Tom and Mary complained that they couldn't find jobs.
I just wanted to see how Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary closed the door when they left the room.
I just want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary chose the largest apples for themselves.
I imagine Tom and Mary aren't serious about that.
Tom and Mary carry harmonicas with them all the time.
I hope Tom and Mary don't have to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary can't tie their shoelaces by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get embarrassed easily.
Tom and Mary can't have done what you think they did.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't in Boston next Monday.
Tom and Mary can take care of themselves, can't they?
I hope Tom and Mary aren't determined to do that.
Tom and Mary can have as much ice cream as they want.
I hope Tom and Mary are the last ones to do that.
Tom and Mary can always try doing that by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are interested in doing that.
Tom and Mary assured John that they wouldn't do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary plan to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary asked us to stay and help them clean up.
I heard that Tom and Mary are good at doing that.
Tom and Mary asked me to pick them up at the station.
I hear Tom and Mary are going to quit doing that.
Tom and Mary asked me to help them paint their house.
I hear Tom and Mary are excellent tennis players.
Tom and Mary asked me to buy them something to drink.
I have to do whatever Tom and Mary tell me to do.
Tom and Mary asked me if they could watch TV with me.
I have a feeling that Tom and Mary never do that.
Tom and Mary asked John to teach them how to do that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what they're supposed to do.
I guess that Tom and Mary have done that already.
Tom and Mary aren't sure that's what they want to do.
I guess Tom and Mary were just trying to be nice.
Tom and Mary aren't sure how much money they'll need.
I don't yet know what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Tom and Mary aren't really sure what they need to do.
I don't want to go and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary aren't really sure what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary were talking about me.
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to live by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary were ready to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't drunk, but they've been drinking.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to see you again.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that the way I showed them.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that again.
Tom and Mary aren't as rich as people think they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary need much help at all.
Tom and Mary are wearing the blue caps you gave them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you did that.
Tom and Mary are very particular about what they eat.
I don't think Tom and Mary know when it happened.
Tom and Mary are too young to go there by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what you've done.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how you did that.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how worried I am.
Tom and Mary are so lucky to have John on their team.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to play golf.
Tom and Mary are safer here than they'd be in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary have too many friends.
Tom and Mary are old enough to look after themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that today.
Tom and Mary are old enough to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that again.
Tom and Mary are old enough to decide for themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to come tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are much younger than they say they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary have one of these yet.
Tom and Mary are much richer than you think they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary have health insurance.
Tom and Mary are lucky to have John working for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have graduate degrees.
Tom and Mary are lucky they're still able to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have criminal records.
Tom and Mary are likely be hungry when they get home.
I don't think Tom and Mary have broken any rules.
Tom and Mary are here and they'd like to talk to you.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a microwave oven.
Tom and Mary are going to need our help, aren't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary are going to like what you did for them.
I don't really care where Tom and Mary have been.
Tom and Mary are going to invite John to their party.
I don't like the way Tom and Mary make spaghetti.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that themselves.
I don't like the way Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to change their plans.
I don't know why Tom and Mary weren't here today.
Tom and Mary are going to get all the help they need.
I don't know why Tom and Mary want to talk to me.
Tom and Mary are going to be very glad they did that.
I don't know whether Tom and Mary like me or not.
Tom and Mary are big enough to do that by themselves.
I don't know when Tom and Mary are going do that.
Tom and Mary are a lot older than you think they are.
I don't know what kind of food Tom and Mary like.
Tom and Mary apparently didn't do that by themselves.
I don't know what kind of cars Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary agreed to take the jobs we offered them.
I don't know what Tom and Mary think I should do.
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been irresponsible.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are talking about.
Tom and Mary admitted that they had stolen the money.
I don't care whether Tom and Mary do that or not.
Tom and Mary acknowledged that they'd made a mistake.
I don't care what kind of car Tom and Mary drive.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary they were with John.
I do basically the same thing as Tom and Mary do.
Tell Tom and Mary they should do that this afternoon.
I didn't want to help Tom and Mary do that today.
Tell Tom and Mary they need to get that done by 2:30.
I didn't want to help Tom and Mary do that again.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do that by themselves.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were having fun.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to get here early.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were going to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were lying to me.
Isn't Tom and Mary supposed to do that by themselves?
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were from Boston.
Is it necessary for Tom and Mary to go by themselves?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were still doing that.
Is Tom and Mary planning on doing that by themselves?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were ready to do that.
If you see Tom and Mary, could you give this to them?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were good at swimming.
If Tom and Mary had been here, they'd have helped us.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to show up.
If Tom and Mary don't want to go, they don't have to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary will do what we ask them to do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary had driver's licenses.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary would let anyone help them.
I didn't know I had to help Tom and Mary do that.
I'll tell Tom and Mary what you want me to tell them.
I could tell that Tom and Mary were really tired.
I wonder where Tom and Mary are and who they're with.
I can't understand why Tom and Mary are so upset.
I wonder if Tom and Mary thought they had to do that.
I can't remember exactly where Tom and Mary live.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really regret what they did.
I already know what Tom and Mary are going to do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary really meant what they said.
How often are Tom and Mary late for appointments?
I wonder if Tom and Mary knew they needed to do that.
How many years have Tom and Mary lived in Boston?
I told Tom and Mary to do that as soon as they could.
How many years have Tom and Mary been doing that?
I told Tom and Mary they didn't have time to do that.
How many weeks have Tom and Mary been doing that?
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't eat raw pork.
How many hours have Tom and Mary been doing that?
I told Tom and Mary that they should drive to Boston.
How many days have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
I told Tom and Mary that they didn't need to do that.
How long have Tom and Mary been staying with you?
I told Tom and Mary that they didn't have to do that.
How long do we have before Tom and Mary get here?
I told Tom and Mary that I thought they looked drunk.
How do you know how much money Tom and Mary have?
I told Tom and Mary I couldn't play tennis with them.
Have Tom and Mary ever stayed with you in Boston?
I think we'd better ask Tom and Mary what they think.
Everyone here except Tom and Mary have done that.
I think we should let Tom and Mary do what they want.
Everyone but Tom and Mary have already gone home.
I think if Tom and Mary tried to do that, they could.
Everybody thinks Tom and Mary are a little crazy.
I think Tom and Mary could've done that on their own.
Don't you want to know why Tom and Mary are here?
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they wanted to.
Don't you just love it when Tom and Mary do that?
I think I heard Tom and Mary say that they'd do that.
Do you want to see where Tom and Mary are buried?
I sure hope Tom and Mary do what they said they'd do.
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here?
I sure hope Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Do you think maybe Tom and Mary planned all this?
I should've just given Tom and Mary what they wanted.
Do you think Tom and Mary were telling the truth?
I should've asked Tom and Mary if they could do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary want to live in Boston?
I should tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary know why that happened?
I should tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary know about what we did?
I saw how much Tom and Mary were enjoying themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary have already done that?
I know that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary are through doing that?
I know Tom and Mary want us to go swimming with them.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still undependable?
I know Tom and Mary didn't do what you said they did.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were interested?
I know Tom and Mary better than they know themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were frightened?
I just hope Tom and Mary do what we asked them to do.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were displeased?
I hope that Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary need to do that?
I hope Tom and Mary don't think we've forgotten them.
Do you really think Tom and Mary have to do that?
I have to let Tom and Mary know what they need to do.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are warm enough?
I don't think Tom and Mary know where they should be.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are trustworthy?
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they need to do.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are sympathetic?
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they have to do.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are retired now?
I don't think Tom and Mary know that they're adopted.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are incompetent?
I don't think Tom and Mary have their phones on them.
Do you like the same things that Tom and Mary do?
I don't think Tom and Mary have everything they want.
Do you know why Tom and Mary are studying French?
I don't think Tom and Mary have everything they need.
Do you know what Tom and Mary were talking about?
I don't think Tom and Mary did what you say they did.
Do you know what Tom and Mary want for Christmas?
I don't think Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
Do you know the reason why Tom and Mary are late?
I don't know why Tom and Mary did that, but they did.
Do you know the guys Tom and Mary are talking to?
I don't know how Tom and Mary did that, but they did.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary are doing?
I don't believe Tom and Mary can do it by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary think we're really that gullible?
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why they had to work late.
Do Tom and Mary still think that's what you want?
I asked Tom and Mary why they'd never studied French.
Do Tom and Mary still always speak French to you?
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't here yesterday.
Do Tom and Mary really think we're that gullible?
I asked Tom and Mary why they wanted to study French.
Do Tom and Mary really think anyone is listening?
I asked Tom and Mary why they wanted to go to Boston.
Do Tom and Mary really sing those kinds of songs?
Have you told Tom and Mary what they should be doing?
Do Tom and Mary really expect me to believe that?
Have Tom and Mary ever told you where they were born?
Do Tom and Mary know what you do every afternoon?
Do you think Tom and Mary will do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're going to Boston?
Do you remember when Tom and Mary said they did that?
Do Tom and Mary have to walk to school every day?
Do Tom and Mary want me to drive them to the airport?
Do Tom and Mary ever help you with your homework?
Do Tom and Mary still think they'll get into Harvard?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were Canadians?
Do Tom and Mary still get along with their coworkers?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were living with us?
Do Tom and Mary stay with you when they're in Boston?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary are good at cooking?
Did you tell Tom and Mary why they shouldn't do that?
Did you really think Tom and Mary were Canadians?
Did you tell Tom and Mary what time they should come?
Did you know that Tom and Mary are in Boston now?
Did you tell Tom and Mary they could borrow your car?
Did you know that Tom and Mary are afraid of you?
Did Tom and Mary tell you where they were last night?
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to say that?
Did Tom and Mary say who they were with last weekend?
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to be there?
Did Tom and Mary really say they thought I was smart?
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to be fired?
Did Tom and Mary know what they were doing was wrong?
Did you know Tom and Mary were coming here today?
Did Tom and Mary know we didn't want them to do that?
Could you make sure Tom and Mary show up on time?
Did Tom and Mary actually do what they said they did?
Could you let me know when Tom and Mary get here?
Ask Tom and Mary if they want to go swimming with us.
As far as I know, Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Ask Tom and Mary and they'll tell you the same thing.
Are you sure that's what Tom and Mary were doing?
Ask Tom and Mary about it the next time you see them.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are the people you saw?
You'd better tell Tom and Mary what they need to do.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who can't do that?
Why would Tom and Mary ask John to do that for them?
Are Tom and Mary still willing to do that for us?
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary what they plan to do?
Are Tom and Mary still not talking to each other?
Who's going to tell Tom and Mary they can't do that?
Are Tom and Mary still be able to do that for us?
When you see Tom and Mary, please give this to them.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are very good at skiing.
When I told Tom and Mary I'd done that, they smiled.
"Tom and Mary got new jobs." "What kind of jobs?"
When I first met Tom and Mary, they were bartenders.
You should've told me Tom and Mary were unhappy.
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to leave?
You should do that before Tom and Mary get here.
What did Tom and Mary tell you they wanted to drink?
You need to make sure that Tom and Mary do that.
We should give Tom and Mary some time by themselves.
You look even more nervous than Tom and Mary do.
We can't just leave Tom and Mary here by themselves.
You have to make sure that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary's house isn't far from where they work.
You have to do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that even if you paid them.
You don't need to know how Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't be doing that now, would they?
You don't know what Tom and Mary are capable of.
Tom and Mary would tell us the truth, wouldn't they?
You do that so much better than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary would never do what you claim they did.
Why weren't Tom and Mary in Boston last weekend?
Tom and Mary would like to know what they did wrong.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to hang out with us?
Tom and Mary would like a little time to themselves.
Why don't Tom and Mary just do what we've asked?
Tom and Mary wondered what they were supposed to do.
Why do you think Tom and Mary were absent today?
Tom and Mary won't likely tell John they'll do that.
Why do you think Tom and Mary haven't done that?
Tom and Mary won't likely go canoeing by themselves.
Why aren't Tom and Mary going to Boston with us?
Tom and Mary won't do that by themselves, will they?
Why are Tom and Mary planning to move to Boston?
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that by themselves.
Where were Tom and Mary when the fire broke out?
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't spent so much money.
Where do you think Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tom and Mary wished that they could play the guitar.
When did you say Tom and Mary were getting here?
Tom and Mary will talk your ear off if you let them.
What's the real reason Tom and Mary aren't here?
Tom and Mary will probably get hurt if they do that.
What were Tom and Mary talking about last night?
Tom and Mary will have to do that all by themselves.
What time do Tom and Mary do that every morning?
Tom and Mary will do everything they're asked to do.
What makes you think Tom and Mary don't do that?
Tom and Mary will be very hungry when they get home.
What makes you think Tom and Mary aren't guilty?
Tom and Mary will be very happy they didn't do that.
What kind of books do Tom and Mary like to read?
Tom and Mary will be very careful when they do that.
What do you think Tom and Mary are going to say?
Tom and Mary will be punished if they do that again.
What are Tom and Mary going to do with all this?
Tom and Mary will be in Boston all week, won't they?
What are Tom and Mary getting all excited about?
Tom and Mary will be arrested if they do that again.
We're going to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary weren't sure which one they should buy.
We need to find out what Tom and Mary are up to.
Tom and Mary weren't sure they had to do that again.
We need to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary weren't at school yesterday, were they?
We have to make sure Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary weren't as busy as I thought they'd be.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do what they had to do.
We have to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary were working very hard when I saw them.
We decided to let Tom and Mary have our old car.
Tom and Mary were told not to do that by themselves.
Tom's and Mary's bicycles were stolen last week.
Tom and Mary were tired, but they wouldn't admit it.
Tom and Mary weren't able to solve that problem.
Tom and Mary were the first ones here, weren't they?
Tom and Mary were paying really close attention.
Tom and Mary were sure they needed to do that again.
Tom and Mary know that John sometimes does that.
Tom and Mary were supposed to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have to make an important decision.
Tom and Mary were so angry that they couldn't speak.
Tom and Mary have gained a little bit of weight.
Tom and Mary were probably drunk when they did that.
Tom and Mary have caused a lot of problems here.
Tom and Mary were lucky that they didn't get killed.
Tom and Mary have both experience and knowledge.
Tom and Mary were lucky John wasn't there with them.
Tom and Mary have been in Boston for three days.
Tom and Mary were just trying to protect themselves.
Tom and Mary have been in Boston for many years.
Tom and Mary were in a hurry because they were late.
Tom and Mary got jobs in Boston teaching French.
Tom and Mary were in Boston last week, weren't they?
Tom and Mary don't want to sing with us anymore.
Tom and Mary were hoping you could do that for them.
Tom and Mary don't want to learn how to do that.
Tom and Mary were happy that John did that for them.
Tom and Mary don't want to know what's going on.
Tom and Mary were afraid people might laugh at them.
Tom and Mary don't think John wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were able to do what they needed to do.
Tom and Mary don't think John needed to do that.
Tom and Mary washed the apples before they ate them.
Tom and Mary don't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom and Mary warmed themselves in front of the fire.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that this week.
Tom and Mary wanted to have their cars painted blue.
Tom and Mary don't need to protect John anymore.
Tom and Mary wanted me to teach them how to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know why John went to Boston.
Tom and Mary wanted me to give them time to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know when the meeting starts.
Tom and Mary want to know what John said about them.
Tom and Mary don't have to protect John anymore.
Tom and Mary want the rest of the money we owe them.
Tom and Mary don't blame John for what happened.
Tom and Mary want me to give them my old motorcycle.
Tom and Mary don't believe John really did that.
Tom and Mary used to do that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary aren't used to getting up so early.
Tom and Mary took the largest apples for themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't telling you the whole truth.
Tom and Mary told us they didn't want us to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what's going to happen.
Tom and Mary told me they'd wait until we got there.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they'd never seen one of these.
Tom and Mary aren't quite sure why this happens.
Tom and Mary told me they were good at water skiing.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let that stop John.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to teach me French.
Tom and Mary aren't going to buy anything today.
Tom and Mary told me they waited for thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary aren't going to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they thought you could do that.
Tom and Mary aren't expecting any help from you.
Tom and Mary told me they probably wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary are the only ones here from Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they had no time to read books.
Tom and Mary are the most patient people I know.
Tom and Mary told me they don't remember doing that.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be protecting John.
Tom and Mary told me they don't know John very well.
Tom and Mary are still having trouble with John.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like playing chess.
Tom and Mary are responsible for this situation.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like green peppers.
Tom and Mary are quite pleased with the results.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't feel like laughing.
Tom and Mary are quite confident that'll happen.
Tom and Mary told me that they're afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary are probably somewhere in the park.
Tom and Mary told me that they'll be home on Monday.
Tom and Mary are probably outside near the pool.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd decided to do that.
Tom and Mary are never going to make it on time.
Tom and Mary told me that they were going to Boston.
Tom and Mary are looking for a friend of theirs.
Tom and Mary told me that they want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary are leaving early tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary told me that they used to be very poor.
Tom and Mary are going to the dentist on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they hadn't done that yet.
Tom and Mary are going to need to do that today.
Tom and Mary told me that they got here early today.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that again.
Tom and Mary told me that they found this in a cave.
Tom and Mary are going to get there before John.
Tom and Mary told me that they do that every Monday.
Tom and Mary are going to find out who did that.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be the ones in charge.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd help him do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be in Boston all week.
Tom and Mary told John that they enjoyed doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to be here all afternoon.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be punished.
Tom and Mary are getting ready for John's visit.
Tom and Mary thought they might not need to do that.
Tom and Mary are getting a lot better at French.
Tom and Mary thought they might not have to do that.
Tom and Mary are expecting John to be home soon.
Tom and Mary think they're better than other people.
Tom and Mary are definitely not having much fun.
Tom and Mary think they can tell when John is lying.
Tom and Mary are coming to pick John up at 2:30.
Tom and Mary think they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary always take showers in the morning.
Tom and Mary think that I don't know what they said.
This is what Tom and Mary have been waiting for.
Tom and Mary thanked the police for protecting them.
The only thing Tom and Mary ever do is complain.
Tom and Mary surprised all of us when they did that.
The only ones over thirty here are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary still live in Boston with their father.
The man Tom and Mary are talking to is a lawyer.
Tom and Mary started their new jobs three weeks ago.
That's not what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
Tom and Mary spend most of their time reading books.
That's exactly what Tom and Mary were afraid of.
Tom and Mary slammed the door as they left the room.
That's all Tom and Mary have been talking about.
Tom and Mary shouldn't try to do that by themselves.
Please find out what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have done that, but they did.
Now I know the reason that Tom and Mary hate me.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have done that by themselves.
No one knows why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have bought what they bought.
My guess is that Tom and Mary like what you did.
Tom and Mary should've told John why they were late.
Maybe that's what Tom and Mary were going to do.
Tom and Mary should've been ready, but they weren't.
Maybe Tom and Mary were just trying to help you.
Tom and Mary should tell John what they want to eat.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know much about Boston.
Tom and Mary should tell John what they want to buy.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know anything about it.
Tom and Mary should tell John what they need to buy.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't the ones who're lying.
Tom and Mary should have one of us do that for them.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't do anything stupid.
Tom and Mary should be able to do that on their own.
It's unclear why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary should be able take care of themselves.
It's strange that Tom and Mary haven't come yet.
Tom and Mary say they've read this book three times.
It's possible Tom and Mary aren't there anymore.
Tom and Mary say they've already decided to do that.
It's obvious what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
Tom and Mary say they're willing to do that for you.
It'll be some time before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say they're waiting for that to happen.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are going to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they're too tired today to help us.
It might cause problems if Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they're really tired of doing that.
It might be a while until Tom and Mary get here.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary say they're going to ask John for help.
It looks like Tom and Mary are eating right now.
Tom and Mary say they're feeling a lot better today.
It doesn't look like Tom and Mary are very busy.
Tom and Mary say they'll play golf even if it rains.
It appears that Tom and Mary know what happened.
Tom and Mary say they'll never sing in public again.
Is that what Tom and Mary have been telling you?
Tom and Mary say they'll answer that question later.
Is it true that Tom and Mary don't like to swim?
Tom and Mary say they'd rather walk than take a bus.
Is it true that Tom and Mary don't like to sing?
Tom and Mary say they won't have to do that anymore.
If Tom and Mary do that, it'll be a big mistake.
Tom and Mary say they won't eat lunch with us today.
If I knew where Tom and Mary were, I'd tell you.
Tom and Mary say they want to get driver's licenses.
I've never seen Tom and Mary riding motorcycles.
Tom and Mary say they want to do that by themselves.
I've been told Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they understand why John is scared.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to talk about that.
I'm sure someone will help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to do that anymore.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to be all right.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John will do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are glad to be going home.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know where to go.
I'm sorry to hear that Tom and Mary are so sick.
Tom and Mary say they don't really know what to buy.
I'm scared Tom and Mary aren't going to like me.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John does that.
I'm quite certain Tom and Mary don't have a dog.
Tom and Mary say they don't know how John does that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom and Mary say they don't intend to do that again.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary weren't interested.
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that anymore.
I'm not sure what kind of car Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know about the meeting.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
Tom and Mary say they certainly won't do that again.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Tom and Mary say they can't wait for that to happen.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary say they can stay here for three weeks.
I'm much better at French than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they can prove John didn't do that.
I'm exactly the same height as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they can get us everything we need.
I'm doing the same thing Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary say they aren't in the mood to do that.
I'll see if Tom and Mary are willing to help us.
Tom and Mary say they already have plans for Monday.
I'll let you know if Tom and Mary show up early.
Tom and Mary say that they've met you several times.
I'll go to Boston even if Tom and Mary don't go.
Tom and Mary say that they weren't surprised at all.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't do anything wrong.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary say that the noise doesn't bother them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't like to do that.
Tom and Mary say John's children are scared of them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary said they've been trying to be careful.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked not to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they've always done that that way.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are being so stubborn.
Tom and Mary said they're willing to do that for us.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are always so unlucky.
Tom and Mary said they're willing to do that for me.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like Chinese food.
Tom and Mary said they're really glad they did that.
I wonder where Tom and Mary usually go shopping.
Tom and Mary said they're not sure John can do that.
I wonder what'll happen if Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they're glad they got there early.
I wasn't surprised that Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary said they'll get it done before Monday.
I was surprised when I saw Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that again later.
I was surprised that Tom and Mary weren't there.
Tom and Mary said they'd try doing that again later.
I was in Boston when Tom and Mary were arrested.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not do that anymore.
I wanted to go wherever Tom and Mary were going.
Tom and Mary said they'd prefer not to do that here.
I want you to know that Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary said they'd never try to do that alone.
I want to know why Tom and Mary don't get along.
Tom and Mary said they'd never tell John to do that.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were overweight.
Tom and Mary said they'd never come back here again.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were carpenters.
Tom and Mary said they'd never allow you to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't scared of snakes.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to borrow a few books.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd finish doing that tomorrow.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't making any sense.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for John this time.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't looking too good.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that again, didn't they?
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to make it.
Tom and Mary said they'd be in a meeting until 2:30.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be glad to do that for you.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to confess.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to help us do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
Tom and Mary said they'd assumed John would do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't coming back here.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't mind waiting for us.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't afraid of snakes.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't let it happen again.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't afraid of anyone.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that voluntarily.
I thought Tom and Mary were unlikely to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't allow me to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were finished doing that.
Tom and Mary said they won't be in Boston next week.
I think what Tom and Mary are doing is terrific.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't done that.
I think that Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wished they hadn't been late.
I think Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary said they wished John wouldn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary were as surprised as I was.
Tom and Mary said they weren't the least bit hungry.
I think Tom and Mary need a ride to the airport.
Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to go home yet.
I think Tom and Mary know what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to give up yet.
I think Tom and Mary have considered doing that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to do that yet.
I think Tom and Mary don't come here very often.
Tom and Mary said they weren't permitted to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to be dating.
Tom and Mary said they weren't interested in sports.
I think Tom and Mary are too shy to talk to you.
Tom and Mary said they weren't happy here in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are still living in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they weren't good French speakers.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going anywhere today.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they were unaware of any problems.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be here later.
Tom and Mary said they were tricked into doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were sorry for what they did.
I think Tom and Mary are considering doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were good at speaking French.
I think I know what Tom and Mary are doing here.
Tom and Mary said they were going to try to help us.
I teach French at the school Tom and Mary go to.
Tom and Mary said they were going to let us do that.
I sure hope Tom and Mary leave some cake for me.
Tom and Mary said they were going to let John drive.
I still think Tom and Mary are hiding something.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that for me.
I speak French much better than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that anyway.
I should've known Tom and Mary were behind this.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that they did that.
I really wonder what Tom and Mary are doing now.
Tom and Mary said they were glad that John did that.
I really should be helping Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they were at their parents' house.
I pretended I didn't know who Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they were almost ready to do that.
I need to find out why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary said they were afraid to do that alone.
I like the kind of music that Tom and Mary play.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to sit somewhere else.
I know why Tom and Mary are supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to relax a little bit.
I know that Tom and Mary aren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to play poker with us.
I know that Tom and Mary are usually reasonable.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go camping with us.
I know that Tom and Mary are anxious to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to give you something.
I know Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that yet.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to eat fish and chips.
I know I shouldn't care what Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that right away.
I knew why Tom and Mary weren't able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to change their plans.
I just wanted to make sure Tom and Mary were OK.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to borrow a few books.
I hope Tom and Mary spend a long time in prison.
Tom and Mary said they want to stay at home all day.
I hope Tom and Mary know who's going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought you wouldn't do that.
I hope Tom and Mary have enough time to do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought they knew what to do.
I hope Tom and Mary don't mind if I leave early.
Tom and Mary said they thought the room was too hot.
I hope Tom and Mary don't know what you've done.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was being stubborn.
I hope Tom and Mary come over to my place today.
Tom and Mary said they really regret not doing that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary said they probably aren't going to win.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary said they need to learn how to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary are in Boston all next week.
Tom and Mary said they may not study French anymore.
I hope Tom and Mary are excused from doing that.
Tom and Mary said they knew why John had to do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary weren't good teachers.
Tom and Mary said they knew why John didn't do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't swim very often.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John would do that.
I hear that Tom and Mary really like basketball.
Tom and Mary said they knew that John could do that.
I hear that Tom and Mary are good at doing that.
Tom and Mary said they knew I might need to do that.
I hear Tom and Mary don't work with you anymore.
Tom and Mary said they knew I might have to do that.
I hear Tom and Mary are still waiting for visas.
Tom and Mary said they hope John is able to do that.
I have a lot more homework than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they have to learn how to do that.
I had no way of knowing where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they had to do that by themselves.
I found out Tom and Mary speak very good French.
Tom and Mary said they had things they needed to do.
I expect that Tom and Mary are eating right now.
Tom and Mary said they had no choice but to do that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still unconscious.
Tom and Mary said they felt like they were dreaming.
I don't want to help Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed themselves in Boston.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were having fun.
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed the party last night.
I don't think Tom and Mary will need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to talk to anyone.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to sing with us.
Tom and Mary said they don't think they can do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that here.
Tom and Mary said they don't mind doing that at all.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why you're here.
Tom and Mary said they don't live in Boston anymore.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's in there.
Tom and Mary said they don't like this kind of food.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what's going on.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to work overtime.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what time it is.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to talk about it.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I'm hungry.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat right now.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat leftovers.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to have fun.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to work anymore.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that alone.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to say anything.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to pay anything.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think it was possible.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to decide today.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John could swim.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much experience.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have flood insurance.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary are smarter than you.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like air conditioning.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to make it.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why you did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to help us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to hear us.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to help you.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to be here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time for romance.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being reasonable.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have health insurance.
I don't speak French as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't expect that to happen.
I don't like it when Tom and Mary are mad at me.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do that by themselves.
I don't like cats and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe it themselves.
I don't like beef and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe John did that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary weren't at school.
Tom and Mary said they didn't actually see anything.
I don't know why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary said they did that as soon as possible.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are so successful.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't remember what to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are so busy today.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't remember doing that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they could do that in a few hours.
I don't know what kind of car Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary said they assumed you wouldn't do that.
I don't know what Tom and Mary think about that.
Tom and Mary said they aren't sure John can do that.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
Tom and Mary said their father told them to do that.
I don't know how well Tom and Mary speak French.
Tom and Mary said the mosquitoes didn't bother them.
I don't know how many cousins Tom and Mary have.
Tom and Mary said that's what they've always wanted.
I don't intend to help Tom and Mary do anything.
Tom and Mary said that they've been very happy here.
I don't have as many friends as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said that they'll be back home by 2:30.
I don't care why Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be a few minutes late.
I don't care who Tom and Mary go to Boston with.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't working anymore.
I don't believe everything Tom and Mary tell me.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very optimistic.
I didn't notice what Tom and Mary were drinking.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't married anymore.
I didn't know where Tom and Mary were taking me.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't able to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't at home.
Tom and Mary said that they were willing to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very uncomfortable.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were such good cooks.
Tom and Mary said that they were through doing that.
I did what I could to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were tempted to do that.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were angry.
Tom and Mary said that they were really embarrassed.
I can't imagine what Tom and Mary were thinking.
Tom and Mary said that they were really discouraged.
I can't believe that Tom and Mary were in on it.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad they did that.
I can see why Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary said that they were glad John did that.
How many years did Tom and Mary spend in Boston?
Tom and Mary said that they were feeling very tired.
How many times have Tom and Mary been to Boston?
Tom and Mary said that they were at today's meeting.
How many times a week do Tom and Mary come here.
Tom and Mary said that they were anxious to do that.
How many days have Tom and Mary been doing that?
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to be left alone.
How long will it be until Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary said that they needed to go home early.
How long have Tom and Mary been working for you?
Tom and Mary said that they like swimming with John.
How long have Tom and Mary been studying French?
Tom and Mary said that they felt very uncomfortable.
How long have Tom and Mary been at your company?
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know how to swim.
How do you know Tom and Mary are going be there?
Tom and Mary said it was them who needed to do that.
How did you know Tom and Mary were good at golf?
Tom and Mary refused to tell me their phone numbers.
How did you know Tom and Mary were going to die?
Tom and Mary refused to do what we asked them to do.
Haven't Tom and Mary done enough damage already?
Tom and Mary refused to do what I wanted them to do.
Have Tom and Mary ever eaten at this restaurant?
Tom and Mary realized they no longer had to do that.
Everybody thought that Tom and Mary were guilty.
Tom and Mary realized they had to help John do that.
Everybody assumed that Tom and Mary were guilty.
Tom and Mary ran so fast that I couldn't catch them.
Don't Tom and Mary sometimes eat lunch with you?
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't do that anymore.
Do you think Tom and Mary know what's happening?
Tom and Mary promised that they'd do that this week.
Do you think Tom and Mary know how to get there?
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd do that for us.
Do you think Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Tom and Mary promised me that they wouldn't do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still unimpressed?
Tom and Mary probably didn't do the work themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still unconvinced?
Tom and Mary probably couldn't do that on their own.
Do you think Tom and Mary are afraid to do that?
Tom and Mary placed most of the blame on themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were terrified?
Tom and Mary only did that because you told them to.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were surprised?
Tom and Mary never told me they were afraid of John.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were objective?
Tom and Mary never said they'd go to Boston with us.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were impressed?
Tom and Mary never do anything John asks them to do.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are unfriendly?
Tom and Mary never did what they promised they'd do.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are unbeatable?
Tom and Mary need to take better care of themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are suspicious?
Tom and Mary must've thought they needed to do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are prejudiced?
Tom and Mary might be able to do that by themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are overweight?
Tom and Mary met while they were visiting Australia.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are interested?
Tom and Mary may not do what we've asked them to do.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are illiterate?
Tom and Mary may come, but then again, they may not.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are frustrated?
Tom and Mary managed to carry everything themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are downstairs?
Tom and Mary made a list of things they need to buy.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are dependable?
Tom and Mary look much younger than they really are.
Do you really like the way Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary look like they've lost a lot of weight.
Do you know where Tom and Mary keep the aspirin?
Tom and Mary look like they're reluctant to do that.
Do you know where Tom and Mary are or don't you?
Tom and Mary look as though they might start crying.
Do you know what Tom and Mary are talking about?
Tom and Mary look as if they're enjoying themselves.
Do you have any idea where Tom and Mary are now?
Tom and Mary look as if they're enjoying doing that.
Do you believe everything Tom and Mary tell you?
Tom and Mary live in the house where they were born.
Do Tom and Mary think that's what we want to do?
Tom and Mary let me know that they couldn't do that.
Do Tom and Mary still think that's what we want?
Tom and Mary lent me all the money they had on them.
Do Tom and Mary still need to do that every day?
Tom and Mary know what they're supposed to be doing.
Do Tom and Mary still go to church every Sunday?
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have to do that again.
Do Tom and Mary still go to Boston every summer?
Tom and Mary hope that they won't have to work late.
Do Tom and Mary not understand what's happening?
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they might do.
Do Tom and Mary need to come back here tomorrow?
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they might do yet.
Do Tom and Mary know who gave you that necklace?
Tom and Mary haven't done what they were told to do.
Do Tom and Mary know what your expectations are?
Tom and Mary have told me they want to write a book.
Do Tom and Mary know how much you paid for this?
Tom and Mary have told me they want to go to Boston.
Do Tom and Mary know how much you paid for that?
Tom and Mary have told me they need to go to Boston.
Do Tom and Mary have to stay in Boston all week?
Tom and Mary have told me they have to go to Boston.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were painters?
Tom and Mary have to be careful about what they eat.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary weren't happy here?
Tom and Mary have something they want to say to you.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary are good at French?
Tom and Mary have no idea what they should be doing.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were lying to me?
Tom and Mary have never said they wanted to do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary aren't Canadians?
Tom and Mary have finished doing that, haven't they?
Did you know Tom and Mary were still doing that?
Tom and Mary have done everything they wanted to do.
Did you know Tom and Mary were living in Boston?
Tom and Mary have been really unlucky, haven't they?
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to do that?
Tom and Mary have been pretty unlucky, haven't they?
Did you know Tom and Mary were going to be late?
Tom and Mary have been in their offices all morning.
Could you wake me up when Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary have already said that they'll do that.
Can you tell us why Tom and Mary are doing that?
Tom and Mary have a lot of confidence in themselves.
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary are doing that?
Tom and Mary hardly ever see their daughter anymore.
At least I know Tom and Mary are safe right now.
Tom and Mary hardly ever buy things they don't need.
As far as I can tell, Tom and Mary aren't lying.
Tom and Mary had to walk school when they were kids.
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't afraid of dogs?
Tom and Mary had to take care of John by themselves.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are going to be there?
Tom and Mary got exactly what they said they wanted.
Apparently, Tom and Mary weren't in Boston long.
Tom and Mary gave us all the money they had on them.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are very good at chess.
Tom and Mary gave me all the money they had on them.
You wouldn't do this if Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary frequently do that when they're scared.
You should ask Tom and Mary to do that for you.
Tom and Mary found everything they were looking for.
You never told me Tom and Mary were professors.
Tom and Mary felt confident that they could do that.
You never told me Tom and Mary were carpenters.
Tom and Mary fanned themselves with their notebooks.
You know how much Tom and Mary hate doing that.
Tom and Mary expect all three of us to go with them.
You knew Tom and Mary were leaving, didn't you?
Tom and Mary drink tea, but they don't drink coffee.
You hope Tom and Mary don't do that, don't you?
Tom and Mary don't yet realize what they need to do.
You don't know where Tom and Mary work, do you?
Tom and Mary don't yet realize what they have to do.
You don't do that the same way Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary don't want to start their own business.
You don't care if Tom and Mary do that, do you?
Tom and Mary don't want to do everything themselves.
Will you please tell us where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary don't think they're allowed to do that.
Will anyone care if Tom and Mary don't do that?
Tom and Mary don't think they'll be able to do that.
Why were Tom and Mary the last ones to do that?
Tom and Mary don't think they need to do that today.
Why don't you wait until Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary don't think they have to do that today.
Why don't you let Tom and Mary do that for you?
Tom and Mary don't think they can do that that soon.
Why don't Tom and Mary pay any attention to me?
Tom and Mary don't think they can do that right now.
Why do Tom and Mary always have money problems?
Tom and Mary don't seem to know what they should do.
Why didn't you tell me Tom and Mary were ready?
Tom and Mary don't remember if they locked the door.
Why are you so sure Tom and Mary are Canadians?
Tom and Mary don't remember if they did that or not.
Who told you Tom and Mary were in the hospital?
Tom and Mary don't really think I did that, do they?
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to be there?
Tom and Mary don't really know where they were born.
Where have Tom and Mary been the last few days?
Tom and Mary don't really know how old their dog is.
When do you think Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tom and Mary don't really enjoy doing that, do they?
When are Tom and Mary planning to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary don't need to go if they don't want to.
What's wrong with the way Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary don't look like they're having any fun.
What were Tom and Mary doing yesterday morning?
Tom and Mary don't like the house that they live in.
What do you think Tom and Mary are going to do?
Tom and Mary don't know what they're supposed to do.
What do you think Tom and Mary are doing today?
Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing, do they?
What do Tom and Mary usually eat for breakfast?
Tom and Mary don't know what John wants them to buy.
What do Tom and Mary usually do in the evening?
Tom and Mary don't know what John expects from them.
What convinced you Tom and Mary weren't guilty?
Tom and Mary don't know they're supposed to do that.
What are Tom and Mary going to do this weekend?
Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that here.
What Tom and Mary want to do isn't a good idea.
Tom and Mary don't know that John doesn't like them.
What Tom and Mary really want to do is go home.
Tom and Mary don't know that I think they're stupid.
Were you there when Tom and Mary were arrested?
Tom and Mary don't know much about sailing, do they?
Were Tom and Mary not supposed to tell me that?
Tom and Mary don't know exactly what they should do.
We're lucky Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary don't have to go if they don't want to.
We need to make sure that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary don't have to explain themselves to me.
We have to make sure that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that, but they should.
We don't even know when Tom and Mary were born.
Tom and Mary don't get as much sleep as they should.
We couldn't hear what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary don't do that by themselves very often.
Tom's and Mary's salaries are the same as mine.
Tom and Mary don't do that as often as they used to.
Tom's and Mary's houses aren't far from John's.
Tom and Mary don't care whether we help them or not.
Tom went to the airport to say goodbye to Mary.
Tom and Mary do know what they're doing, don't they?
Tom and Mary were talking about something else.
Tom and Mary do almost anything they're asked to do.
Tom and Mary were swimming in the pool earlier.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary were standing outside in the cold.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary still don't know where John lives.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary have just gotten back from Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be very happy, did they?
Tom and Mary don't want to tell John the truth.
Tom and Mary didn't seem surprised when I told them.
Tom and Mary don't want to play golf with John.
Tom and Mary didn't say how much money they'd spent.
Tom and Mary don't want to play chess with you.
Tom and Mary didn't know who was going to help them.
Tom and Mary don't want to go skiing with John.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they were going to do.
Tom and Mary don't want to get home after dark.
Tom and Mary didn't know how much money they'd need.
Tom and Mary don't want to become voice actors.
Tom and Mary didn't go shopping yesterday, did they?
Tom and Mary don't want to become electricians.
Tom and Mary didn't find what they were looking for.
Tom and Mary don't want to be janitors anymore.
Tom and Mary didn't feel they were ready to do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to ask John to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't do what they promised they'd do.
Tom and Mary don't want me hanging around here.
Tom and Mary didn't actually believe that, did they?
Tom and Mary don't speak any foreign languages.
Tom and Mary did many of the experiments themselves.
Tom and Mary don't really know how old John is.
Tom and Mary did know they were supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't really feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary denied they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary don't plan to go back there again.
Tom and Mary couldn't swim when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary don't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Tom and Mary couldn't solve the problem, could they?
Tom and Mary don't care whether we stay or not.
Tom and Mary couldn't read until they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary don't believe you really did that.
Tom and Mary couldn't keep themselves from laughing.
Tom and Mary can teach both French and English.
Tom and Mary couldn't keep the secret to themselves.
Tom and Mary bought some new clothes last week.
Tom and Mary couldn't imagine themselves doing that.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to use that anymore.
Tom and Mary couldn't do what they were asked to do.
Tom and Mary aren't going to leave without you.
Tom and Mary could've done that if they'd wanted to.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that right now.
Tom and Mary could get fired if they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do anything crazy.
Tom and Mary could do that if they really wanted to.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to come home.
Tom and Mary could be teachers if they wanted to be.
Tom and Mary are very pleased with the results.
Tom and Mary claim they can take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are three minutes behind schedule.
Tom and Mary can't have done that all by themselves.
Tom and Mary are the only ones who'll be there.
Tom and Mary can't have done all this by themselves.
Tom and Mary are still trying to figure it out.
Tom and Mary can study in my office if they want to.
Tom and Mary are running a bit behind schedule.
Tom and Mary can definitely take care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are ready for whatever might come.
Tom and Mary can be persuasive when they want to be.
Tom and Mary are reading the same book as I am.
Tom and Mary came to Boston when they were children.
Tom and Mary are probably still doing that now.
Tom and Mary ate the whole watermelon by themselves.
Tom and Mary are pretty well known around here.
Tom and Mary asked us to help them move their piano.
Tom and Mary are moving in the right direction.
Tom and Mary asked me to do their homework for them.
Tom and Mary are making plans for the holidays.
Tom and Mary asked if they were required to do that.
Tom and Mary are looking for somewhere to live.
Tom and Mary asked if they really needed to do that.
Tom and Mary are just getting ready to do that.
Tom and Mary asked John to show them how to do that.
Tom and Mary are hoping something happens soon.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they need to do that again.
Tom and Mary are headed in the right direction.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they have to do that again.
Tom and Mary are headed back to town right now.
Tom and Mary aren't really sure what they should do.
Tom and Mary are having the same problems I am.
Tom and Mary aren't quite sure where they should go.
Tom and Mary are having a party tomorrow night.
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to do that, are they?
Tom and Mary are going to want to talk to John.
Tom and Mary aren't doing as well as they should be.
Tom and Mary are going to try to do that again.
Tom and Mary aren't as strong as you think they are.
Tom and Mary are going to have a party tonight.
Tom and Mary aren't as smart as they think they are.
Tom and Mary are getting paid a lot to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't as rich as we thought they were.
Tom and Mary are definitely going to miss John.
Tom and Mary aren't always late, but they often are.
Tom and Mary are concerned about John's future.
Tom and Mary aren't allowed to go out by themselves.
Tom and Mary are a lot stronger than I thought.
Tom and Mary are too young to do that by themselves.
This is the place where Tom and Mary were born.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what they should do.
This is something that Tom and Mary need to do.
Tom and Mary are saving money so they can go abroad.
The only ones who can do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are proud of what they've accomplished.
The only French speakers here are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary are old enough to travel by themselves.
The men sitting on that bench are Tom and John.
Tom and Mary are old enough to do that on their own.
The boys sitting on the bench are Tom and John.
Tom and Mary are much older than you think they are.
Tell me the reason why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary are making themselves something to eat.
Probably not even Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary are likely be tired when they get home.
Please listen to what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary are in their rooms, listening to music.
Perhaps Tom and Mary haven't agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary are grateful for what you did for them.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't play tennis anymore.
Tom and Mary are good friends of yours, aren't they?
No one noticed that Tom and Mary weren't there.
Tom and Mary are going to get fired if they do that.
Maybe you could tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary are going to get dirty if they do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know how to play jazz.
Tom and Mary are getting rid of their old furniture.
Luckily, Tom and Mary were among the survivors.
Tom and Mary are expecting John to do that for them.
Let's see if Tom and Mary know more than we do.
Tom and Mary are doing the right thing, aren't they?
Let's hope Tom and Mary haven't made a mistake.
Tom and Mary are doing everything they can for John.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Tom and Mary are a lot older than they say they are.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary need us to do.
Tom and Mary always have their harmonicas with them.
Just do everything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary always had to do everything themselves.
It's strange that Tom and Mary aren't here yet.
Tom and Mary admitted that they weren't really rich.
It's obvious Tom and Mary have had a rough day.
Tom and Mary admitted that they weren't really hurt.
It would surprise me if Tom and Mary don't win.
The last time I saw Tom and Mary, they were limping.
It won't be long before Tom and Mary come back.
Tell Tom and Mary they need to get home before 2:30.
It seems that Tom and Mary have been very busy.
Tell Tom and Mary that we're not going to help them.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't going to win.
Tell Tom and Mary that they should lose some weight.
It looks like Tom and Mary are up to something.
Tell Tom and Mary that I don't want to talk to them.
It looks as if Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Tell Tom and Mary I want to talk to them right away.
Is there anything else Tom and Mary need to do?
Please tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't leave early.
If that's true, then Tom and Mary are innocent.
Please tell Tom and Mary they ought to do that soon.
If Tom and Mary ask me not to do that, I won't.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to do that today.
I've seen that movie, but Tom and Mary haven't.
Please tell Tom and Mary they have to do that today.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary don't have bicycles.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be outside.
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't have to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciate all your help.
Please tell Tom and Mary that I'll do that for them.
I'm probably not as hungry as Tom and Mary are.
Please let Tom and Mary do whatever they want to do.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary speak French.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what they need to buy.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are bluffing.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what they have to buy.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary understand French.
Let's see if Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary are afraid.
Let's hope Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary have been doing.
Let Tom and Mary buy a new computer if they want to.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are going to survive.
If you want me to help Tom and Mary, I'll help them.
I'm not satisfied that Tom and Mary are guilty.
If Tom and Mary would eat less, they'd be healthier.
I'm not planning to help, but Tom and Mary are.
If Tom and Mary have a problem, you could help them.
I'm fairly sure Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
If Tom and Mary ask me to help them, I'll help them.
I'm afraid Tom and Mary are busy at the moment.
I've already told Tom and Mary what they need to do.
I'll make sure that Tom and Mary don't do that.
I've already told Tom and Mary they need to do that.
I'll find out how much money Tom and Mary need.
I've already told Tom and Mary they have to do that.
I'll be gone by the time Tom and Mary get here.
I'd better ask Tom and Mary and see what they think.
I'd really like to know where Tom and Mary are.
I wonder why Tom and Mary said they don't know John.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't happy.
I wish I hadn't promised Tom and Mary I'd help them.
I'd be surprised if Tom and Mary don't do that.
I told Tom and Mary that I'd go to Boston with them.
I wondered what Tom and Mary were going to say.
I told Tom and Mary it was safe for them to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
I told Tom and Mary I'd help them clean their rooms.
I wonder why Tom and Mary want to buy that car.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't drunk, but they were.
I wonder why Tom and Mary have been so unlucky.
I think you should ask Tom and Mary what they think.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't going with us.
I think Tom and Mary might have poisoned themselves.
I wonder who Tom and Mary plan to give that to.
I saw Tom and Mary standing there all by themselves.
I wonder what Tom and Mary plan to do tomorrow.
I reminded Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
I won't go to the party unless Tom and Mary go.
I hope Tom and Mary like the presents I bought them.
I wish I could sing as well as Tom and Mary do.
I hope Tom and Mary know they don't need to do that.
I wish I could cook as well as Tom and Mary do.
I hope Tom and Mary know they don't have to do that.
I wasn't surprised that Tom and Mary were late.
I hope Tom and Mary can do what we asked them to do.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were sleeping.
I expected Tom and Mary to do that, but they didn't.
I was there at the same time Tom and Mary were.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they'll do yet.
I was hoping I could help Tom and Mary do that.
I couldn't stand Tom and Mary when I first met them.
I want to see if Tom and Mary like my new song.
I could never forgive Tom and Mary if they did that.
I want to know why Tom and Mary are doing this.
I can't believe Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
I want to get back home before Tom and Mary do.
I asked Tom and Mary what they'd do if they were me.
I want to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
How old were Tom and Mary when they moved to Boston?
I told you Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to wait for them?
I thought you said Tom and Mary were mechanics.
Have you told Tom and Mary why they need to do that?
I thought you said Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Have you told Tom and Mary why they have to do that?
I thought you said Tom and Mary were dangerous.
Have you asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that?
I thought Tom and Mary weren't as old as I was.
Have Tom and Mary ever asked you to loan them money?
I thought Tom and Mary were through doing that.
Don't tell Tom and Mary. I don't want to worry them.
I thought Tom and Mary were interested in golf.
Don't laugh at Tom and Mary when they make mistakes.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be killed.
Did you know Tom and Mary were living by themselves?
I think what Tom and Mary are doing is amazing.
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they want to go with us?
I think this is exactly what Tom and Mary want.
Did Tom and Mary say what they needed the money for?
I think that Tom and Mary have never done that.
Did Tom and Mary say they thought we had to do that?
I think that Tom and Mary are hiding something.
Did Tom and Mary know I didn't want them to do that?
I think Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth.
Did Tom and Mary behave themselves while I was gone?
I think Tom and Mary were just being sarcastic.
Ask Tom and Mary if they really have to do that now.
I think Tom and Mary want to sell us something.
Are you sure Tom and Mary can do this by themselves?
I think Tom and Mary need to get more exercise.
Are you sure Tom and Mary can do that by themselves?
I think Tom and Mary know things that we don't.
All Tom and Mary told me was that they were unhappy.
I think Tom and Mary haven't agreed to do that.
You should've asked Tom and Mary why they did that.
I think Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
Why should Tom and Mary have John do that for them?
I think Tom and Mary have come to make trouble.
Who told Tom and Mary they could eat my sandwiches?
I think Tom and Mary have been up to something.
Where did Tom and Mary live before they moved here?
I think Tom and Mary have been punished enough.
When I saw Tom and Mary, I recognized them at once.
I think Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell us what they were doing.
I think Tom and Mary don't have very good jobs.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me who they'd talked to.
I think Tom and Mary are trying to impress you.
Tom and Mary wouldn't have done that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary would've helped us if we'd asked them.
I think Tom and Mary are probably awake by now.
Tom and Mary would never go swimming by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good at sports.
Tom and Mary would like to do that, but they can't.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good at French.
Tom and Mary would get in trouble if they did that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to like it here.
Tom and Mary would be fired if they didn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that soon.
Tom and Mary won't leave if you don't want them to.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be all right.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that on their own.
I think Tom and Mary are exaggerating a little.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't done what they did.
I think Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
Tom and Mary wished they could go outside and play.
I swear I didn't know Tom and Mary were coming.
Tom and Mary will wait as long as you tell them to.
I sure hope that Tom and Mary help us tomorrow.
Tom and Mary will try to convince you to help them.
I sure hope that Tom and Mary get here on time.
Tom and Mary will never admit that they were wrong.
I suggest you wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary will get into trouble if they do that.
I should wait here until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary will do whatever they can to help you.
I sense that Tom and Mary are hiding something.
Tom and Mary will do that the way you told them to.
I saw the way Tom and Mary were looking at you.
I really should've helped Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary will do that if you ask them politely.
I noticed that Tom and Mary were looking at me.
Tom and Mary will do that as soon as they get home.
I need to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary will do everything you ask them to do.
I know why Tom and Mary were kept after school.
Tom and Mary will come back when they feel like it.
I know why Tom and Mary don't enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary will be very glad they didn't do that.
I know the reason why Tom and Mary were crying.
Tom and Mary will be able to do that by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't told to do that by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't sure which way they should go.
I know that Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't sure they could do that again.
I know that Tom and Mary are likely to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't sure if they had enough money.
I know that Tom and Mary are likely to be late.
Tom and Mary weren't able to do that by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are determined to win.
Tom and Mary were tired, so they went to bed early.
I know that Tom and Mary are afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary were hoping we could do that for them.
I know some of you think Tom and Mary are lazy.
Tom and Mary were drunk last night when I saw them.
I know Tom and Mary were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary were afraid to go there by themselves.
I knew that Tom and Mary weren't to be trusted.
Tom and Mary wanted to have their car painted blue.
I just want to know that Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary wanted to get a tattoo on their chest.
I just found out that Tom and Mary are wealthy.
Tom and Mary wanted to finish what they were doing.
I hope Tom and Mary know what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary wanted me to meet them at the station.
I hope Tom and Mary have a good time in Boston.
Tom and Mary want you to help them paint the fence.
I hope Tom and Mary don't insist on doing that.
Tom and Mary want to know how they can lose weight.
I hope Tom and Mary don't have to go to prison.
Tom and Mary want their parents to buy them a pony.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't stubborn about that.
Tom and Mary very seldom go anywhere by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't in Boston next week.
Tom and Mary very rarely go anywhere by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary very frequently do that by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are more careful next time.
Tom and Mary used to snore, but they don't anymore.
I hope Tom and Mary are easy to get along with.
Tom and Mary tried to drown themselves last summer.
I heard that you helped Tom and Mary find jobs.
Tom and Mary told us they wouldn't do that anymore.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't swim very well.
Tom and Mary told me they'd wait for us until 2:30.
I heard that Tom and Mary are living in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me they'd never done that before.
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't help us do that.
I hear that Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do that anymore.
I have to do that before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't ready to go home.
I have a feeling I know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't going to help me.
I hadn't realized how boring Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary told me they were tired of doing that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still unemployed.
Tom and Mary told me they were prepared to do that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still downstairs.
Tom and Mary told me they were finished doing that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they were feeling a bit tired.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are having fun.
Tom and Mary told me they knew how to speak French.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to eat with us.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't intend to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary want that to happen.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't do anything wrong.
I don't think Tom and Mary really want to know.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't help me do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary need very much help.
Tom and Mary told me they bought a house in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why I'm scared.
Tom and Mary told me that they're ready to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know why I did that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'll do that tomorrow.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what'll happen.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be home on Monday.
I don't think Tom and Mary know much about art.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd already done that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were claustrophobic.
I don't think Tom and Mary know about this yet.
Tom and Mary told me that they intended to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to go in there.
Tom and Mary told John why they enjoyed doing that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have much free time.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary have full-time jobs.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't do that again.
I don't think Tom and Mary have ever done that.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't having any fun.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any money left.
Tom and Mary told John they were interested in art.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any experience.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't want to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any bad habits.
Tom and Mary told John that they wanted to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a lot of money.
Tom and Mary told John not to do that, didn't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are listening to me.
Tom and Mary told John how to do that, didn't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are happy right now.
Tom and Mary thought they knew what should be done.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to resign.
Tom and Mary think that I don't know what they did.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going to Boston.
Tom and Mary still hope John will do that for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are capable of that.
Tom and Mary still don't know what they need to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary still don't know what they have to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being realistic.
Tom and Mary squeezed this orange juice themselves.
Tom and Mary sometimes do that when they're sleepy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are able to do that.
Tom and Mary sometimes do that when they're hungry.
I don't like cold weather, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary showed me some pictures of themselves.
I don't let Tom and Mary make decisions for me.
Tom and Mary shouldn't be doing that by themselves.
I don't know why Tom and Mary want me to leave.
Tom and Mary should tell John they'd never do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary should tell John they want to do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary aren't at school.
Tom and Mary should take better care of themselves.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are scared of me.
Tom and Mary should be able to do that if they try.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are afraid of me.
Tom and Mary seem to really be enjoying themselves.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are absent today.
Tom and Mary seem to like talking about themselves.
I don't know what size shoes Tom and Mary wear.
Tom and Mary say they've grown tired of doing that.
I don't know what Tom and Mary have been doing.
Tom and Mary say they've given it a lot of thought.
I don't know what Tom and Mary do for a living.
Tom and Mary say they've been doing that for years.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are waiting for.
Tom and Mary say they're willing to do that for us.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are looking for.
Tom and Mary say they're willing to do that for me.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are going to do.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about doing that.
I don't know as many people as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they're still planning to do that.
I don't eat meat and Tom and Mary don't either.
Tom and Mary say they're ready to get back to work.
I don't doubt that Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary say they're not the ones who did that.
I don't care what happens, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they're considering getting a dog.
I don't approve of what Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary say they won't walk to school anymore.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were that old.
Tom and Mary say they won't have to do that either.
I didn't notice what Tom and Mary were wearing.
Tom and Mary say they won't go there by themselves.
I didn't notice what Tom and Mary were reading.
Tom and Mary say they won't be in Boston next week.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary weren't invited.
Tom and Mary say they wished they could go with us.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they weren't aware of that policy.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Tom and Mary say they want to visit John in Boston.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were waiting for me.
Tom and Mary say they want to learn how to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were ready to leave.
Tom and Mary say they want to go to Boston with us.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were having a party.
Tom and Mary say they want to get something to eat.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were from Australia.
Tom and Mary say they think that's going to happen.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they stayed up all night studying.
I didn't have any idea where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary say they need to find a place to live.
I can't tell if Tom and Mary are joking or not.
Tom and Mary say they like spending time with John.
I can't help but wonder where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they know why John didn't do that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary say they know John can't speak French.
I believe Tom and Mary are mistaken about that.
Tom and Mary say they hope John refuses to do that.
I already know that Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom and Mary say they hope John knows who did that.
I actually believed Tom and Mary weren't lying.
Tom and Mary say they hope John is able to do that.
How much money did Tom and Mary make last year?
Tom and Mary say they haven't thought about it yet.
How many times have Tom and Mary been arrested?
Tom and Mary say they haven't had any problems yet.
How many times an hour do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary say they have an announcement to make.
How many times a night do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary say they don't want to live in Boston.
How many times a month do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary say they don't think they can do that.
How long have Tom and Mary been standing there?
Tom and Mary say they don't think John can do that.
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to be there?
Tom and Mary say they don't think I should do that.
How do you think Tom and Mary were able to win?
Tom and Mary say they don't remember what happened.
How did you know Tom and Mary were coming here?
Tom and Mary say they don't really know what to do.
Have Tom and Mary report here tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why John did that.
Have Tom and Mary ever really tried to do that?
Tom and Mary say they don't know much about Boston.
Have Tom and Mary been told about the accident?
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that either.
Have Tom and Mary already been told about this?
Tom and Mary say they don't expect John to do that.
Find out who Tom and Mary have been talking to.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know what it was like.
Find out what Tom and Mary are doing in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they didn't do that for the money.
Don't Tom and Mary understand what's happening?
Tom and Mary say they can't remember what happened.
Does anybody here know where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary say they can't do anything about that.
Do you understand what Tom and Mary are saying?
Tom and Mary say they can prove that John did that.
Do you think Tom and Mary were being sarcastic?
Tom and Mary say they can help me write the report.
Do you think Tom and Mary were able to do that?
Tom and Mary say they can get everything they need.
Do you think Tom and Mary know what's going on?
Tom and Mary say they aren't the ones who did that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still unemployed?
Tom and Mary say that they'll never come back here.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still suspicious?
Tom and Mary say that they don't feel like jogging.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still optimistic?
Tom and Mary sat at the bar drinking by themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still interested?
Tom and Mary said they've forgotten how to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still downstairs?
Tom and Mary said they've been to Australia before.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still doing that?
Tom and Mary said they're sure John should do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still dependable?
Tom and Mary said they're sure John has to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are ready to do that?
Tom and Mary said they're pleased with the results.
Do you think Tom and Mary are good songwriters?
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to help us?
Tom and Mary said they're interested in doing that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary said they're glad you weren't injured.
Do you remember what Tom and Mary were wearing?
Tom and Mary said they're glad they didn't do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were offended?
Tom and Mary said they're glad John didn't do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were mistaken?
Tom and Mary said they'll help us any way they can.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were careless?
Tom and Mary said they'll be on vacation next week.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are organized?
Tom and Mary said they'll be in Boston next Monday.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are in Boston?
Tom and Mary said they'd think about my suggestion.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are impressed?
Tom and Mary said they'd rather you didn't do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are depressed?
Tom and Mary said they'd rather do that themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are dangerous?
Tom and Mary said they'd only stay for a few hours.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are confident?
Tom and Mary said they'd never consider doing that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are conceited?
Tom and Mary said they'd never been in a motorboat.
Do you know why Tom and Mary aren't here today?
Tom and Mary said they'd never ask John to do that.
Do you know what Tom and Mary were doing there?
Tom and Mary said they'd like to keep working here.
Do you believe that Tom and Mary were murdered?
Tom and Mary said they'd help John do that as well.
Do Tom and Mary usually write to you in French?
Tom and Mary said they'd be embarrassed to do that.
Do Tom and Mary sometimes fall asleep in class?
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't ever do that again.
Do Tom and Mary really think we're that stupid?
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be able to do that.
Do Tom and Mary often hang out with each other?
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't attend the meeting.
Do Tom and Mary often eat dinner at your house?
Tom and Mary said they wished you wouldn't do that.
Do Tom and Mary not understand what's going on?
Tom and Mary said they weren't the least bit tired.
Do Tom and Mary complain about back pain often?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were unhappy?
Tom and Mary said they weren't old enough to drive.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were unhappy here?
Tom and Mary said they weren't old enough to drink.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were still single?
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to go with us.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary didn't need visas?
Tom and Mary said they weren't finished doing that.
Did you say that Tom and Mary are your friends?
Tom and Mary said they were in no hurry to go home.
Did you say Tom and Mary were going to be late?
Tom and Mary said they were in no hurry to do that.
Did you know Tom and Mary were writing a novel?
Tom and Mary said they were glad that you did that.
Did you know Tom and Mary were still in prison?
Tom and Mary said they were asked to do that again.
Can't you see that Tom and Mary need your help?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to leave early today.
Can't you see Tom and Mary are here to help us?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to help John do that.
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary don't do that?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do something else.
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary are in Boston?
Tom and Mary said they want you to stop doing that.
Are you sure Tom and Mary were at school today?
Tom and Mary said they thought they should do that.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are ready to do that?
Tom and Mary said they thought they had to do that.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are going to do that?
Tom and Mary said they thought I was wearing a wig.
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't from Boston?
Tom and Mary said they talked to John this morning.
Are you aware that Tom and Mary don't like you?
Tom and Mary said they never wanted this to happen.
Are you accusing Tom and Mary of being thieves?
Tom and Mary said they never wanted that to happen.
Are Tom and Mary the only ones who can do that?
Tom and Mary said they never considered doing that.
Are Tom and Mary still having trouble sleeping?
Tom and Mary said they needed to help John do that.
Are Tom and Mary really any good at doing that?
Tom and Mary said they needed to borrow some money.
Are Tom and Mary planning to go back to Boston?
Tom and Mary said they hoped to be back in October.
Are Tom and Mary not supposed to be doing that?
Tom and Mary said they hoped they'd be able to win.
Are Tom and Mary going to be staying here long?
Tom and Mary said they hoped John wouldn't do that.
All that I know is that Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary said they heard noises in the kitchen.
You're a better swimmer than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they haven't done anything wrong.
You'd better wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they had to learn how to do that.
You'd better let Tom and Mary do that for you.
Tom and Mary said they had not intended to do that.
You don't think Tom and Mary are here, do you?
Tom and Mary said they had important calls to make.
You do that a lot better than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they got really tired doing that.
You could tell that Tom and Mary were in pain.
Tom and Mary said they felt they needed to do that.
You can always tell if Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary said they felt no pressure to do that.
Would you say Tom and Mary are good listeners?
Tom and Mary said they expect to do that on Monday.
Why don't you do that the way Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary said they expect to be there tomorrow.
Why don't we wait until Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary said they don't want to do that alone.
Why do you think Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tom and Mary said they don't want to do that again.
Why didn't you tell me Tom and Mary were here?
Tom and Mary said they don't think you can do that.
Why are you convinced Tom and Mary are guilty?
Tom and Mary said they don't know anyone in Boston.
Why are Tom and Mary up at this time of night?
Tom and Mary said they don't have health insurance.
Why are Tom and Mary so determined to do that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to work outside.
Why are Tom and Mary interested in doing that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to wait for you.
Who do Tom and Mary want to go to Boston with?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to study French.
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to do that?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to sing with us.
Where were Tom and Mary the night before last?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go to Boston.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are right now?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to eat anything.
When was the last time Tom and Mary were late?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that here.
When was the last time Tom and Mary were here?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to help them.
When did you notice Tom and Mary weren't here?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want anything to eat.
When are Tom and Mary coming back from Boston?
Tom and Mary said they didn't want John to do that.
What should we do after Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd do that.
What if Tom and Mary don't want to talk to me?
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they could win.
What if Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth?
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John would cry.
What do Tom and Mary think is going to happen?
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember that at all.
What are Tom and Mary going to do next summer?
Tom and Mary said they didn't regret what happened.
What am I supposed to do if Tom and Mary come?
Tom and Mary said they didn't recommend doing that.
Weren't Tom and Mary just in Boston last week?
Tom and Mary said they didn't like their nicknames.
Were Tom and Mary the ones who suggested this?
Tom and Mary said they didn't like living downtown.
We think we know where Tom and Mary have been.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like doing that that.
We know that Tom and Mary are unlikely to win.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what to do next.
We know Tom and Mary were with you that night.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to work anymore.
We came by to see how Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to wait so long.
Tom and Mary weren't sure what John was doing.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to decide today.
Tom and Mary weren't doing that the right way.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to eat now.
Tom and Mary were working as hard as possible.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have time to do that.
Tom and Mary were supposed to speak with John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything to eat.
Tom and Mary were just trying to protect John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a place to stay.
Tom and Mary were caught completely off guard.
Tom and Mary said they didn't go to Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary were aware of what was happening.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel that way at all.
Tom and Mary wear the same size shoes as I do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary want to talk about what happened.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe you did that.
Tom and Mary want to see you before you leave.
Tom and Mary said they bought their tickets online.
Tom and Mary still don't know where John went.
Tom and Mary said they believed they could do that.
Tom and Mary seem to be staring at each other.
Tom and Mary said they appreciated you being there.
Tom and Mary played video games all afternoon.
Tom and Mary said that they'd rather come tomorrow.
Tom and Mary haven't told you the whole truth.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be back home by 2:30.
Tom and Mary have worked here for three years.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't swim tomorrow.
Tom and Mary have caused us a lot of problems.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary have been watching TV since 2:30.
Tom and Mary said that they won't do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary don't want to work in a hospital.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very surprised.
Tom and Mary don't want to go back to college.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very impressed.
Tom and Mary don't want to come here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very concerned.
Tom and Mary don't want to buy a fishing boat.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't ready to leave.
Tom and Mary don't want to buy John a present.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't hungry anymore.
Tom and Mary don't want to be French teachers.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't having any fun.
Tom and Mary don't think that'll happen today.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't claustrophobic.
Tom and Mary don't think John really did that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very disappointed.
Tom and Mary don't really know how to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really optimistic.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they were really interested.
Tom and Mary don't need to protect me anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they were really frustrated.
Tom and Mary don't know what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary said that they were at home on Monday.
Tom and Mary don't know what John ought to do.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted us to help John.
Tom and Mary don't know how John will do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to learn French.
Tom and Mary don't have to protect me anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they used to live in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't have the energy to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they thought I looked happy.
Tom and Mary don't feel like eating right now.
Tom and Mary said that they might do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary don't feel like doing that again.
Tom and Mary said that they might be late tomorrow.
Tom and Mary aren't worried about that at all.
Tom and Mary said that they feel much better today.
Tom and Mary aren't used to this kind of work.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't used this kind of weather.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't have much money.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what to do with John.
Tom and Mary said that they did that by themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they can't do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary aren't really worried about that.
Tom and Mary aren't interested in such things.
Tom and Mary refused to tell me their phone number.
Tom and Mary aren't going to take any chances.
Tom and Mary refused to do what I asked them to do.
Tom and Mary aren't going to start doing that.
Tom and Mary refused to admit that they were wrong.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let John do that.
Tom and Mary promised they'd never do that anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't always at home on Mondays.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd do that today.
Tom and Mary are working on getting that done.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd clean my room.
Tom and Mary are waiting for things to happen.
Tom and Mary probably didn't do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are very committed to doing that.
Tom and Mary often did that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary are trying to do the smart thing.
Tom and Mary never told me why they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are trying to do the right thing.
Tom and Mary never told me what they wanted to eat.
Tom and Mary are thinking of buying a new car.
Tom and Mary never talk about what they do at work.
Tom and Mary are the only ones John can trust.
Tom and Mary never did that when they were younger.
Tom and Mary are sure that it was an accident.
Tom and Mary need to learn to think for themselves.
Tom and Mary are still not allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary might help us if we ask them politely.
Tom and Mary are sick and tired of doing that.
Tom and Mary may have as many cookies as they want.
Tom and Mary are quite happy with the results.
Tom and Mary may do that right now if they want to.
Tom and Mary are probably still in Boston now.
Tom and Mary may be very hungry when they get home.
Tom and Mary are likely to win again tomorrow.
Tom and Mary make lots of promises they don't keep.
Tom and Mary are likely to cry if John leaves.
Tom and Mary looked like they hadn't slept in days.
Tom and Mary are likely to be grouchy all day.
Tom and Mary look like they're hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to be absent tomorrow.
Tom and Mary look like they're enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary are investigating that right now.
Tom and Mary look a lot older than they really are.
Tom and Mary are in the same business as I am.
Tom and Mary live in a big house all by themselves.
Tom and Mary are in the kitchen making coffee.
Tom and Mary likely did that while they were drunk.
Tom and Mary are hoping to be here in October.
Tom and Mary like to eat while they're watching TV.
Tom and Mary are having guests tomorrow night.
Tom and Mary know when they're supposed to be here.
Tom and Mary are having a nice time in Boston.
Tom and Mary know they'll never be able to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to need some more time.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be doing that now.
Tom and Mary are going to have to verify this.
Tom and Mary know that what they did was a mistake.
Tom and Mary are going to eat with us tonight.
Tom and Mary know that they ought to do that today.
Tom and Mary are going to do that next spring.
Tom and Mary knew who was trying to get them fired.
Tom and Mary are going to Boston next weekend.
Tom and Mary knew they weren't supposed to do that.
Tom and Mary are going in the wrong direction.
Tom and Mary knew they no longer needed to do that.
Tom and Mary are going in the right direction.
Tom and Mary knew that they were going to be fired.
Tom and Mary are getting a lot of things done.
Tom and Mary informed John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary are expecting John at any moment.
Tom and Mary hung their clothes on the clothesline.
Tom and Mary are about the same weight as you.
Tom and Mary hope they can to do that next October.
Tom and Mary always blame John for everything.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me why they did that.
There's no way Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary haven't told me why they did that yet.
There are many things Tom and Mary don't like.
Tom and Mary haven't done what we asked them to do.
The police believe Tom and Mary were murdered.
Tom and Mary have told me they're ready to do that.
The last I heard, Tom and Mary were in prison.
Tom and Mary have told me they'll do that tomorrow.
The guys standing over there are Tom and John.
Tom and Mary have told me they won't do that again.
The boys standing over there are Tom and John.
Tom and Mary have to learn to think for themselves.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't want do that again.
Tom and Mary have their reasons for not doing that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Tom and Mary have some things that they have to do.
Obviously, Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary have promised they'll be here by 2:30.
Obviously, Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary have done what we expected them to do.
Nobody cares why Tom and Mary are vegetarians.
Tom and Mary have been told they shouldn't do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't want to have a party.
Tom and Mary have been studying hard, haven't they?
Look at all the damage Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary have been quite unlucky, haven't they?
Let's listen to what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary have been helping a lot, haven't they?
Let's hope Tom and Mary make the right choice.
Tom and Mary have asked me to lend them some money.
Let's hope Tom and Mary don't notice anything.
Tom and Mary have already done what they had to do.
It's obvious Tom and Mary don't know anything.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they want to buy.
It's not me that Tom and Mary want to talk to.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they need to buy.
It's clear Tom and Mary aren't going anywhere.
Tom and Mary have a lot of hard work ahead of them.
It's because of me that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary have a list of things they need to do.
It's a pity Tom and Mary aren't with us today.
Tom and Mary hate it when people keep them waiting.
It'll be good if Tom and Mary come here today.
Tom and Mary had no idea that they were being rude.
It won't be long before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary had hoped that they'd win the lottery.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having trouble.
Tom and Mary had better do what we told them to do.
It may cause problems if Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary got most of the things they asked for.
It looks like Tom and Mary have been careless.
Tom and Mary expected us to go with them yesterday.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having fun now.
Tom and Mary eventually found jobs that they liked.
It looked like Tom and Mary were about to cry.
Tom and Mary enjoyed themselves a lot at the party.
In 2013, Tom and Mary were students in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't think they can do that, do they?
If Tom and Mary don't do that, neither will I.
Tom and Mary don't think John would let them drive.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, I won't either.
Tom and Mary don't think John can do that, do they?
If Tom and Mary do that, it would surprise me.
Tom and Mary don't seem to know what they're doing.
I'm sure that's not the car Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary don't really want to do that, do they?
I'm sure glad Tom and Mary are feeling better.
Tom and Mary don't really need to do that, do they?
I'm sure Tom and Mary have other things to do.
Tom and Mary don't really have to do that, do they?
I'm sure Tom and Mary are just trying to help.
Tom and Mary don't make me laugh like they used to.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciate your concern.
Tom and Mary don't like to talk about what they do.
I'm probably not as tired as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary don't know who they can trust anymore.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are thirsty.
Tom and Mary don't know what they're talking about.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have passed away.
Tom and Mary don't know they have to do that today.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't drink beer.
Tom and Mary don't know how much time they'll need.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't believe us.
Tom and Mary don't expect John to do that for them.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary aren't Canadians.
Tom and Mary don't do that as well as they used to.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are fussy eaters.
Tom and Mary don't do that as often as they should.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary do almost nothing they're asked to do.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary want me to buy.
Tom and Mary didn't want to go there by themselves.
I'm not supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell you any of this, did they?
I'm not interested in what Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they'd never done that.
I'm not convinced that Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they'd gotten divorced.
I'm not as good at French as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone why they were late.
I'm going to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary didn't take their umbrellas with them.
I'm going to sit here until Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be very busy, did they?
I'm glad to hear that Tom and Mary found jobs.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be enjoying themselves.
I'm glad to hear Tom and Mary weren't injured.
Tom and Mary didn't say where or when to meet them.
I'm certain Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary didn't say what they'd planned to say.
I'll show you exactly where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they shouldn't do that.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary get there on time.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they needed to do that.
I'll just wait here until Tom and Mary arrive.
Tom and Mary didn't need to go there by themselves.
I'll do whatever Tom and Mary ask of me to do.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were in a hurry.
I'll do that again if Tom and Mary want me to.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were having fun.
I'd like to know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary didn't know how to control themselves.
I'd better leave before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary didn't know because I never told them.
I'd better go see what Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary didn't give you much choice, did they?
I wonder why Tom and Mary think you're biased.
Tom and Mary didn't expect you to do that for them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't want to dance.
Tom and Mary didn't do that the way I told them to.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are studying French.
Tom and Mary didn't actually do that by themselves.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so disappointed.
Tom and Mary did that because they were ordered to.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like to do that.
Tom and Mary did exactly what we wanted them to do.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary did better than I expected them to do.
I wonder what Tom and Mary were worried about.
Tom and Mary denied that they told John to do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary were doing in here.
Tom and Mary denied that they had stolen the money.
I wonder what Tom and Mary know that we don't.
Tom and Mary decided to go to Boston by themselves.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are troubled about.
Tom and Mary couldn't have made this by themselves.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are thinking about.
Tom and Mary couldn't have done that by themselves.
I wonder how long Tom and Mary have been here.
Tom and Mary could get hurt if they try to do that.
I wish that Tom and Mary were here to help us.
Tom and Mary confessed to me that they'd done that.
I wasn't exactly sure where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary can't have done what you say they did.
I want to know why Tom and Mary are mad at me.
Tom and Mary can't decide who they should vote for.
I want to be ready when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary can't afford to buy the car they want.
I understand why Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary can still make it on time if they run.
I understand Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
Tom and Mary can stay here as long as they want to.
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't going.
Tom and Mary can have as many cookies as they want.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were butchers.
Tom and Mary can do that right now if they want to.
I thought you said Tom and Mary do that a lot.
Tom and Mary built this doghouse all by themselves.
I thought that Tom and Mary were exaggerating.
Tom and Mary assured us that they wouldn't do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't good at French.
Tom and Mary assured me that they wouldn't do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were your best friends.
Tom and Mary asked me to teach them how to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were unhappy in Boston.
Tom and Mary asked me to give them time to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were likely to do that.
Tom and Mary asked a lot of questions, didn't they?
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be fired.
Tom and Mary asked John why they needed to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary didn't like each other.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what they should be doing.
I think what Tom and Mary are doing is stupid.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they should do that again.
I think Tom and Mary would make good teachers.
Tom and Mary aren't quite sure what they should do.
I think Tom and Mary weren't really listening.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let me sing with them.
I think Tom and Mary were supposed to be here.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that now, are they?
I think Tom and Mary want to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary aren't as young as you think they are.
I think Tom and Mary like hanging out with us.
Tom and Mary aren't as rich as I thought they were.
I think Tom and Mary know who stole my wallet.
Tom and Mary aren't as friendly as they used to be.
I think Tom and Mary have relatives in Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't about to admit they were wrong.
I think Tom and Mary have no ulterior motives.
Tom and Mary are worried that they might get fired.
I think Tom and Mary have already done enough.
Tom and Mary are too weak to look after themselves.
I think Tom and Mary don't want me to do that.
Tom and Mary are supposed to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary could pass for teenagers.
Tom and Mary are still wearing their wedding rings.
I think Tom and Mary aren't very good singers.
Tom and Mary are pretty good at everything they do.
I think Tom and Mary are scared to talk to me.
Tom and Mary are only trying to protect themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary are now able to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary are much older than they say they are.
I think Tom and Mary are living in Boston now.
Tom and Mary are much happier than they used to be.
I think Tom and Mary are just a little scared.
Tom and Mary are lucky that they can still do that.
I think Tom and Mary are impatient to do that.
Tom and Mary are learning how to defend themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Tom and Mary are just where they're supposed to be.
I think Tom and Mary are desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary are in their room, listening to music.
I think Tom and Mary are already on the plane.
Tom and Mary are hoping they can help John do that.
I think I'll wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary are hoping they can do that with John.
I suspect that Tom and Mary know this already.
Tom and Mary are good at almost everything they do.
I suppose you don't know who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary are going to name their daughter Mary.
I plan to give this to Tom and Mary as a gift.
Tom and Mary are going to laugh when they see this.
I need to find out who Tom and Mary were with.
Tom and Mary are going to have to sell their house.
I know why Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary are going to have to go by themselves.
I know why Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary are doing everything they can to help.
I know why Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary are actually talking about themselves.
I know why Tom and Mary don't like to do that.
Tom and Mary are able to do that by themselves now.
I know why Tom and Mary don't like doing that.
Tom and Mary always do that when they go to Boston.
I know why Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary already know you want to talk to them.
I know what'll happen if Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary already know what they're going to do.
I know that Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary agreed to do what we asked them to do.
I know that Tom and Mary aren't likely to win.
Tom and Mary actually figured it out by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are eager to do that.
Tom and Mary actually didn't do that by themselves.
I know Tom and Mary were just being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary actually did what they said they'd do.
I know Tom and Mary don't want to get married.
This is exactly what Tom and Mary said they wanted.
I know Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
There's no way Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
I know Tom and Mary are the ones who did that.
That's why we think Tom and Mary killed themselves.
I knew that Tom and Mary were studying French.
Tell Tom and Mary they need to do that before 2:30.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do that before 2:30.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't likely to do that.
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to wear goggles.
I hope Tom and Mary spend a long time in jail.
Please tell Tom and Mary that they need to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary know who wants to do that.
Please tell Tom and Mary that they have to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary know who needs to do that.
Let's hope Tom and Mary get all the help they need.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't tempted to do that.
Let's have a party for Tom and Mary before they go.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't at today's meeting.
It seems like Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are in Boston next Monday.
It looks like Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
I hope Tom and Mary are determined to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
I heard that Tom and Mary are studying French.
If Tom and Mary had more money, they could do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary are in the hospital.
If Tom and Mary had a lot of money, they'd do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to Boston.
If Tom and Mary do that, they're sure to regret it.
I heard that Tom and Mary are always punctual.
I've already told Tom and Mary they should do that.
I hear that Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
I'd help Tom and Mary do that if they wanted me to.
I hear that Tom and Mary are going to do that.
I wish Tom and Mary wouldn't do that by themselves.
I hear Tom and Mary are very good at swimming.
I think I need to ask Tom and Mary what they think.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary are thinking.
I really wish Tom and Mary would behave themselves.
I hadn't realized how crazy Tom and Mary were.
I promised Tom and Mary that I'd do that with them.
I guess Tom and Mary just don't want to leave.
I promised Tom and Mary I'd meet them in the lobby.
I found out what Tom and Mary do for a living.
I knew Tom and Mary wouldn't do that by themselves.
I eat fruit every day, but Tom and Mary don't.
I kept watching Tom and Mary to see what they'd do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
I hope Tom and Mary will like what I made for them.
I doubt Tom and Mary are really that gullible.
I hope Tom and Mary like the cake I baked for them.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are in Boston.
I hope Tom and Mary know when they need to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary were so busy today.
I hope Tom and Mary know when they have to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary need any more hats.
I hope Tom and Mary don't say they want to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary like you very much.
I hope Tom and Mary don't say they need to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what you want.
I hope Tom and Mary don't say they have to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what happened.
I had to carry Tom's and Mary's suitcases for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know the truth yet.
I don't want Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know the rules yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I'm here.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how lucky they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how bad it is.
I don't think Tom and Mary have what they want yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary know all the rules.
I don't let Tom and Mary go swimming by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary know French at all.
I don't know why Tom and Mary do that, but they do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to work today.
I do hope Tom and Mary do what they say they'll do.
I don't think Tom and Mary have done that yet.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary that I didn't like them.
I don't think Tom and Mary do that very often.
I came to pick Tom and Mary up and drive them home.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going anywhere.
I believe Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are careful enough.
I asked Tom and Mary why they were studying French.
I don't think I could do what Tom and Mary do.
How did Tom and Mary know we were looking for them?
I don't need to know how Tom and Mary do that.
Have you told Tom and Mary why you don't like them?
I don't make as much money as Tom and Mary do.
Have you told Tom and Mary why they should do that?
I don't like the way Tom and Mary make coffee.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they did that?
I don't like the way Tom and Mary do business.
Don't permit Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I don't like hot weather, but Tom and Mary do.
Do you think Tom and Mary want to go by themselves?
I don't know why Tom and Mary weren't invited.
Do Tom and Mary still want me to teach them French?
I don't know why Tom and Mary were doing that.
Do Tom and Mary know we don't want them to do that?
I don't know why Tom and Mary want to do that.
Didn't Tom and Mary tell you they wouldn't do that?
I don't know why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Did Tom and Mary tell John why they didn't do that?
I don't know why Tom and Mary have to do that.
Did Tom and Mary say how they were able to do that?
I don't know why Tom and Mary hate me so much.
Did Tom and Mary know we wanted them to go with us?
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't like dogs.
Did Tom and Mary ask you to go to Boston with them?
I don't know why Tom and Mary are ignoring me.
Ask Tom and Mary if they plan to be here on Monday.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are right now.
You should tell Tom and Mary they need to do that.
I don't know what Tom and Mary want me to buy.
You should let Tom and Mary decide for themselves.
I don't know how much money Tom and Mary make.
You owe it to Tom and Mary to tell them the truth.
I don't care whether Tom and Mary stay or not.
Why would Tom and Mary have John do that for them?
I don't care what time Tom and Mary go to bed.
Why do Tom and Mary usually do that by themselves?
I don't care what Tom and Mary do or don't do.
Who told Tom and Mary that they could leave early?
I don't care how much money Tom and Mary have.
Who did Tom and Mary think would do that for them?
I didn't think you'd let Tom and Mary do that.
Who did Tom and Mary think was going to meet them?
I didn't realize that Tom and Mary were lying.
Who did Tom and Mary say went to Boston with them?
I didn't notice what Tom and Mary were eating.
Where did Tom and Mary work before they came here?
I didn't notice how Tom and Mary were dressed.
Whenever Tom and Mary are in Boston, they stop by.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were thinking.
When do Tom and Mary want me to help them do that?
I didn't know that Tom and Mary weren't happy.
When I first met Tom and Mary, I didn't like them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were that old.
What time did Tom and Mary say they wanted to eat?
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were teachers.
What do Tom and Mary want to be when they grow up?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were going to come.
What do Tom and Mary eat when they're watching TV?
I didn't do everything Tom and Mary say I did.
What did Tom and Mary tell you they wanted to eat?
I consider Tom and Mary to be my best friends.
What did Tom and Mary tell you they wanted to buy?
I can't tell jokes as well as Tom and Mary do.
What did Tom and Mary say they expected to happen?
I can't remember where Tom and Mary were born.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell John why they did that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary have really gone.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell John how old they were.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are still single.
Tom and Mary wouldn't really eat that, would they?
I can't be happy when Tom and Mary are so sad.
Tom and Mary wouldn't really buy that, would they?
I can tell that Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do what we asked them to do.
I can never tell when Tom and Mary are joking.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do what I wanted them to do.
I can always tell when Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary would've waited if you'd called them.
I arrived just when Tom and Mary were leaving.
Tom and Mary would lend you money if they had any.
I actually don't know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary would cry if they saw you doing that.
How often do Tom and Mary eat dinner with you?
Tom and Mary wondered what they'd find in the box.
How much money do you think Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary wondered what they were supposed say.
How much money do you think Tom and Mary make?
Tom and Mary won't do that unless you ask them to.
How much money do Tom and Mary need to borrow?
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't gone to the party.
How many times a year do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't eaten so much pie.
How many times a week do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary wish they never had to do that again.
How many hours a day do Tom and Mary watch TV?
Tom and Mary will tell you when they feel like it.
How long have Tom and Mary been students here?
Tom and Mary will probably be safe where they are.
How did you know Tom and Mary were interested?
Tom and Mary will keep doing that if they want to.
How could you tell Tom and Mary weren't happy?
Tom and Mary will have to do it all by themselves.
How could you tell Tom and Mary were bluffing?
Tom and Mary will get fired if they don't do that.
Have Tom and Mary ever talked to you about me?
Tom and Mary will do whatever you tell them to do.
Have Tom and Mary ever fallen asleep in class?
Tom and Mary will be exhausted when they get home.
From what I heard, Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary will be able to do that on their own.
From what I can tell, Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary weren't telling the truth, were they?
Everyone knows Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary weren't able to buy what they needed.
Everyone here but Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary were worried that they might be late.
Everybody thinks Tom and Mary are a bit crazy.
Tom and Mary were very skinny when they were kids.
Even Tom and Mary were surprised to hear that.
Tom and Mary were really tired when they got home.
Even Tom and Mary don't have one of these yet.
Tom and Mary were lucky we were here to help them.
Don't you think Tom and Mary have done enough?
Tom and Mary were lucky they were able to do that.
Don't you realize what Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary wanted to start their own businesses.
Don't do what Tom and Mary tell you not to do.
Tom and Mary wanted to open their own restaurants.
Don't do anything Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary wanted to go home, but they couldn't.
Don't Tom and Mary understand what's going on?
Tom and Mary wanted to do that, but they couldn't.
Does anyone know when Tom and Mary are coming?
Tom and Mary want to be doctors when they grow up.
Does anyone here know where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary usually do that when they're nervous.
Do you want to know why Tom and Mary are here?
Tom and Mary used to swim, but they don't anymore.
Do you think Tom and Mary were careful enough?
Tom and Mary used to sing better than they do now.
Do you think Tom and Mary know how to do that?
Tom and Mary used to have a car, but they sold it.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still undecided?
Tom and Mary tried to persuade me to go with them.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still skeptical?
Tom and Mary tried to make themselves comfortable.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still mad at me?
Tom and Mary tried to finish what they were doing.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still in Boston?
Tom and Mary told us they weren't allowed to help.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still depressed?
Tom and Mary told us they didn't think they'd win.
Do you think Tom and Mary are retired already?
Tom and Mary told us they could understand French.
Do you think Tom and Mary are already retired?
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't eat until 2:30.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were nervous?
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't be coming back.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were excited?
Tom and Mary told me they were sick of doing that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are unbiased?
Tom and Mary told me they were really happy there.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are talented?
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to eat Thai food.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are stubborn?
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to do that today.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are reliable?
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to do that alone.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are prepared?
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to be scientists.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are innocent?
Tom and Mary told me they liked going to concerts.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are homesick?
Tom and Mary told me they felt the same way I did.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are finished?
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have time to eat.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are divorced?
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have any regrets.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are creative?
Tom and Mary told me they didn't feel like eating.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are confused?
Tom and Mary told me they didn't care what we did.
Do you know what Tom and Mary do for a living?
Tom and Mary told me that they'd do that tomorrow.
Do you know what Tom and Mary are going to do?
Tom and Mary told me that they were uncomfortable.
Do you happen to know where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary told John why they wanted to do that.
Do Tom and Mary want to go to the zoo with us?
Tom and Mary told John why they needed to do that.
Do Tom and Mary think that's going to be easy?
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't ever do that.
Do Tom and Mary still work at the post office?
Tom and Mary told John they were ready to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still want to go home with us?
Tom and Mary told John they were going to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still want to do that with us?
Tom and Mary told John that they wouldn't do that.
Do Tom and Mary still want me to go with John?
Tom and Mary told John that they were very hungry.
Do Tom and Mary regret not doing that earlier?
Tom and Mary told John that they were unimpressed.
Do Tom and Mary really want to be on the team?
Tom and Mary told John that they were sympathetic.
Do Tom and Mary really deserve to be punished?
Tom and Mary told John that they were embarrassed.
Do Tom and Mary often eat lunch at your house?
Tom and Mary told John that they were discouraged.
Do Tom and Mary know we don't want to do that?
Tom and Mary told John that they liked doing that.
Do Tom and Mary have the authority to do that?
Tom and Mary told John that they couldn't do that.
Do Tom and Mary always pay attention in class?
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be killed.
Did you really think Tom and Mary were unfair?
Tom and Mary thought they could help John do that.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were Canadians?
Tom and Mary think some of their friends did that.
Did you know Tom and Mary were good at French?
Tom and Mary talked John into doing that for them.
Did you know Tom and Mary are good at cooking?
Tom and Mary still want John to help them do that.
Chances are Tom and Mary are in Boston by now.
Tom and Mary still don't want to do that, do they?
Can you find out if Tom and Mary speak French?
Tom and Mary still don't need to do that, do they?
At that time, Tom and Mary weren't very happy.
Tom and Mary still don't have to do that, do they?
At that time, Tom and Mary were really hungry.
Tom and Mary speak French pretty well, don't they?
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we'll leave.
Tom and Mary speak French fairly well, don't they?
Are you saying that Tom and Mary are traitors?
Tom and Mary sometimes do that when they're tired.
Are Tom and Mary still planning on doing that?
Tom and Mary sometimes do that when they're happy.
Are Tom and Mary still able to do that for us?
Tom and Mary sometimes do that when they're drunk.
Are Tom and Mary going to sing for us tonight?
Tom and Mary should've done that, but they didn't.
Are Tom and Mary going to go with us tomorrow?
Tom and Mary should have someone do that for them.
Are Tom and Mary going to go skating tomorrow?
Tom and Mary should ask John to help them do that.
Actually, Tom and Mary have already done that.
Tom and Mary seemed to be very angry, didn't they?
A few days later, Tom and Mary found new jobs.
Tom and Mary seemed to be quite busy, didn't they?
You should have Tom and Mary do that for you.
Tom and Mary seemed somewhat unsure of themselves.
You should go and see if Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary seemed quite pleased with themselves.
You never told me Tom and Mary were teachers.
Tom and Mary seem to have done that by themselves.
You never told me Tom and Mary were soldiers.
Tom and Mary say they've forgotten how to do that.
You never told me Tom and Mary were dentists.
Tom and Mary say they're ready to help us do that.
You must do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary say they're interested in doing that.
You do that differently than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they're good at riding unicycles.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were so rich.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather not go out tonight.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary speak French.
Tom and Mary say they'd never ask John to do that.
Would you let me know when Tom and Mary come?
Tom and Mary say they won't take no for an answer.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to do that today?
Tom and Mary say they won't have to do that today.
Why don't Tom and Mary return my phone calls?
Tom and Mary say they won't have to do that again.
Why do you think Tom and Mary never wear red?
Tom and Mary say they won't do that by themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary want to hang out with us?
Tom and Mary say they want to talk about it later.
Why aren't Tom and Mary working here anymore?
Tom and Mary say they want to continue doing that.
Why are Tom and Mary so desperate to do that?
Tom and Mary say they think they ought to do that.
Who do Tom and Mary usually go swimming with?
Tom and Mary say they really enjoy figure skating.
Who do Tom and Mary usually go shopping with?
Tom and Mary say they never want to do that again.
Where do you think Tom and Mary want to live?
Tom and Mary say they make thirty dollars an hour.
Where did Tom and Mary first meet each other?
Tom and Mary say they know why you didn't do that.
Where are Tom and Mary going in such a hurry?
Tom and Mary say they know John wanted to do that.
When I came home, Tom and Mary were studying.
Tom and Mary say they hope that you don't do that.
What time do Tom and Mary get home from work?
Tom and Mary say they hope something happens soon.
What makes you think Tom and Mary are guilty?
Tom and Mary say they hope John enjoys doing that.
What kind of music do Tom and Mary listen to?
Tom and Mary say they haven't seen that movie yet.
What kind of factory do Tom and Mary work in?
Tom and Mary say they haven't eaten in three days.
What exactly are Tom and Mary planning to do?
Tom and Mary say they haven't done that in months.
What do you think Tom and Mary keep in there?
Tom and Mary say they haven't done anything wrong.
What do you think Tom and Mary are doing now?
Tom and Mary say they have about thirty cookbooks.
What are Tom and Mary going to do about this?
Tom and Mary say they don't want to talk about it.
What are Tom and Mary going to do about that?
Tom and Mary say they don't want to do that again.
What Tom and Mary were doing looked like fun.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they'll do that.
What Tom and Mary are going to do is unclear.
Tom and Mary say they don't like air conditioning.
What I'll do depends on what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they don't know why you did that.
We're lucky Tom and Mary aren't here with us.
Tom and Mary say they don't know where John lives.
We're lucky Tom and Mary are here to help us.
Tom and Mary say they don't know a thing about it.
We'll leave as soon as Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that today.
We weren't able to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that again.
We don't know exactly where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they don't have health insurance.
Tom and Mary weren't having a very good time.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe John did that.
Tom and Mary weren't exactly sure what to do.
Tom and Mary say they can't believe John did that.
Tom and Mary were just trying to protect you.
Tom and Mary say they already know how to do that.
Tom and Mary were aware of what was going on.
Tom and Mary say that they've never been arrested.
Tom and Mary seem to be running out of ideas.
Tom and Mary say that they want to be buried here.
Tom and Mary need to talk to you immediately.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary haven't asked me to do anything.
Tom and Mary said your snoring didn't bother them.
Tom and Mary have very few friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary said you were meeting them for lunch.
Tom and Mary have been wasting a lot of time.
Tom and Mary said they've never seen John do that.
Tom and Mary have been trying to do too much.
Tom and Mary said they've been waiting since 2:30.
Tom and Mary have been trying to contact you.
Tom and Mary said they've been very busy all week.
Tom and Mary have been testing new equipment.
Tom and Mary said they've been robbed three times.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk about school.
Tom and Mary don't want to live in Australia.
Tom and Mary said they're happy that you did that.
Tom and Mary don't want to help John do that.
Tom and Mary said they're glad you didn't do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to get married again.
Tom and Mary said they're glad they could do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that with John.
Tom and Mary said they're glad John could do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to come to our party.
Tom and Mary said they're excused from doing that.
Tom and Mary don't want to ask John for help.
Tom and Mary said they're afraid to do that alone.
Tom and Mary don't think John had to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'll help me get what I need.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that this week.
Tom and Mary said they'll go to Boston in October.
Tom and Mary don't need to know who did that.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not eat right now.
Tom and Mary don't need to help John anymore.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not do that today.
Tom and Mary don't know that John is married.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not do that again.
Tom and Mary don't intend to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather do that next week.
Tom and Mary don't have to help John anymore.
Tom and Mary said they'd prefer that John do that.
Tom and Mary don't feel motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd never tried water skiing.
Tom and Mary can't help you to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they'd never ever do that again.
Tom and Mary aren't the ones getting married.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to hang out with us.
Tom and Mary aren't on the same team as I am.
Tom and Mary said they'd help you do that as well.
Tom and Mary aren't living in Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary said they'd help if I wanted them to.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to use this again.
Tom and Mary said they'd expected John to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to wait any longer.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that if I did it, too.
Tom and Mary aren't going to stop doing that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be in Boston next Monday.
Tom and Mary aren't going to starve to death.
Tom and Mary said they'd be here in a few minutes.
Tom and Mary aren't going to make it in time.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't help John do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to change anything.
Tom and Mary said they wondered why John did that.
Tom and Mary aren't going back there anymore.
Tom and Mary said they weren't worried about that.
Tom and Mary aren't exactly sure what it was.
Tom and Mary said they weren't worried about John.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that the right way.
Tom and Mary said they weren't willing to help us.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that for the money.
Tom and Mary said they weren't willing to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't doing anything right now.
Tom and Mary said they weren't old enough to vote.
Tom and Mary aren't at home. They're at work.
Tom and Mary said they weren't interested in that.
Tom and Mary are working on the arrangements.
Tom and Mary said they weren't having a good time.
Tom and Mary are working as hard as possible.
Tom and Mary said they weren't good chess players.
Tom and Mary are waiting for us in the lobby.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going John's party.
Tom and Mary are too busy to talk to you now.
Tom and Mary said they weren't at home last night.
Tom and Mary are three weeks behind schedule.
Tom and Mary said they weren't allowed to do that.
Tom and Mary are three hours behind schedule.
Tom and Mary said they were very unlikely do that.
Tom and Mary are thinking of buying new cars.
Tom and Mary said they were too stupid to do that.
Tom and Mary are the only ones who know that.
Tom and Mary said they were too sleepy to do that.
Tom and Mary are the ones who made this mess.
Tom and Mary said they were told to do that again.
Tom and Mary are teachers. They teach French.
Tom and Mary said they were the ones who did that.
Tom and Mary are supposed to speak with John.
Tom and Mary said they were starting to get tired.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be helping John.
Tom and Mary said they were just about to do that.
Tom and Mary are still living on Park Street.
Tom and Mary said they were in no rush to do that.
Tom and Mary are scheduled to leave tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they were going to talk to John.
Tom and Mary are saving money to buy a house.
Tom and Mary said they were going to study French.
Tom and Mary are on the same team as John is.
Tom and Mary said they were going to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary are obviously very disappointed.
Tom and Mary said they were determined to do that.
Tom and Mary are meeting John in three hours.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to see John do that.
Tom and Mary are looking into that right now.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to eat Chinese food.
Tom and Mary are looking for a place to stay.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy a few things.
Tom and Mary are likely to never forget this.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be ready by 2:30.
Tom and Mary are likely to leave next Monday.
Tom and Mary said they tried to help John do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to help a little bit.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could help us.
Tom and Mary are likely to do that next week.
Tom and Mary said they thought they could do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to become frustrated.
Tom and Mary said they thought it was an accident.
Tom and Mary are likely to be pretty nervous.
Tom and Mary said they thought John would do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to be grumpy all day.
Tom and Mary said they thought John could do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to be back by Monday.
Tom and Mary said they saw no point in doing that.
Tom and Mary are just trying to protect John.
Tom and Mary said they really enjoyed the concert.
Tom and Mary are investigating the situation.
Tom and Mary said they plan to get home on Monday.
Tom and Mary are in the kitchen helping John.
Tom and Mary said they plan to be doctors someday.
Tom and Mary are helping John with something.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get out of there.
Tom and Mary are helping John in the kitchen.
Tom and Mary said they needed to buy a few things.
Tom and Mary are going to wait here for John.
Tom and Mary said they need to borrow an umbrella.
Tom and Mary are going to the beach tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they knew John wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to tell John tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they knew John couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary are going to take a quick break.
Tom and Mary said they hoped to be back on Monday.
Tom and Mary are going to stay until the end.
Tom and Mary said they hope to be back in October.
Tom and Mary are going to stay at home today.
Tom and Mary said they haven't decided what to do.
Tom and Mary are going to have to leave soon.
Tom and Mary said they hadn't intended to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to go to John's party.
Tom and Mary said they had a lot of fun in Boston.
Tom and Mary are going to clean up this mess.
Tom and Mary said they had a hard time doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to be working tonight.
Tom and Mary said they figured they could do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be there next week.
Tom and Mary said they figured John could do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be late for school.
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed last night's party.
Tom and Mary are going to Boston to see John.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to do that here.
Tom and Mary are going to Boston this winter.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John does that.
Tom and Mary are getting ready for the party.
Tom and Mary said they don't feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary are fortunate to still be alive.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to talk to you.
Tom and Mary are fortunate to have John here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to sit with us.
Tom and Mary are excited about the challenge.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that now.
Tom and Mary are doing what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do anything.
Tom and Mary are definitely going to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want that to happen.
Tom and Mary are dealing with that right now.
Tom and Mary said they didn't understand anything.
Tom and Mary are confident John will do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think you'd do that.
Tom and Mary are bound to have some problems.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think John did that.
Tom and Mary are aware of the risks involved.
Tom and Mary said they didn't see John doing that.
Tom and Mary are always trying something new.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember doing that.
Tom and Mary are about the same weight as me.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need to do that now.
Tom and Mary are a little worried about John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need any more money.
Tom and Mary are a few weeks behind schedule.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like their new jobs.
This is what Tom and Mary are supposed to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to do that.
This is the hospital where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to go anywhere.
There's a chance Tom and Mary are in trouble.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that now.
The question is where have Tom and Mary gone.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have much time left.
The people who can help you are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have much more time.
The only people I know here are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have much free time.
The men standing over there are Tom and John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have full-time jobs.
The first names on the list are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have anything to do.
The boys playing the guitar are Tom and John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any money left.
That's what Tom and Mary do most of the time.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a lot of money.
That's the only reason Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't get paid to do that.
Someone said Tom and Mary are looking for us.
Tom and Mary said they did that at home yesterday.
Some people think Tom and Mary were poisoned.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't resist doing that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't understand French.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't remember anything.
Perhaps Tom and Mary can get jobs at the zoo.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't recall doing that.
Pay attention to everything Tom and Mary say.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't help John do that.
Only Tom and Mary have noticed what happened.
Tom and Mary said they assumed John would do that.
Obviously, Tom and Mary are very intelligent.
Nobody could tell me where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said their new house cost them a lot.
No one's going to tell Tom and Mary anything.
Tom and Mary said that's not what they need to do.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know why we're here.
Tom and Mary said that they won't do that anymore.
Make sure Tom and Mary go to bed before 9:00.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't uncomfortable.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't eat any peanuts.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't really scared.
Let's see if Tom and Mary have any questions.
Tom and Mary said that they were very embarrassed.
Let's make sure Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary said that they were very discouraged.
Let's leave as soon as Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said that they were tired, but happy.
Let's hope Tom and Mary don't try to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really surprised.
Last year, Tom and Mary had pretty good jobs.
Tom and Mary said that they were really skeptical.
Just how stupid do Tom and Mary think we are?
Tom and Mary said that they were really satisfied.
It's pretty clear Tom and Mary have problems.
Tom and Mary said that they were really irritated.
It's possible that Tom and Mary are geniuses.
Tom and Mary said that they were really intrigued.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are exhausted.
Tom and Mary said that they were really impressed.
It's not often that Tom and Mary leave early.
Tom and Mary said that they were really exhausted.
It would surprise me if Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really desperate.
It won't be long before Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were ready to do that.
It seems that Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary said that they were going to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary do that very well.
Tom and Mary said that they were going to be late.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't very happy.
Tom and Mary said that they had fun at your party.
It looks like Tom and Mary are getting tired.
Tom and Mary said that they don't like this color.
It looked like Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
Tom and Mary said that they don't know what to do.
It happened when Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't wait anymore.
Is it true that Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tom and Mary said I should've helped them do that.
Is it true Tom and Mary are moving to Boston?
Tom and Mary repaired their watches by themselves.
If you know where Tom and Mary live, tell me.
Tom and Mary refused to do what I told them to do.
I've seen Tom and Mary do that several times.
Tom and Mary really want to do that by themselves.
I've got to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary realized they were likely to be late.
I've got to find out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary realized they didn't need to do that.
I'm way younger than Tom and Mary think I am.
Tom and Mary realized they didn't have to do that.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary put down the boxes they were holding.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary aren't busy today.
Tom and Mary put down the books they were reading.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary promised to do that, but they didn't.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary need to do.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't smoke anymore.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary have to do.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't do that today.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't do that again.
I'm sure that Tom and John are very busy men.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd come at 2:30.
I'm sure Tom and Mary understand what I mean.
Tom and Mary probably don't know that I hate them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have a lot to tell you.
Tom and Mary pictured themselves lying on a beach.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be alone.
Tom and Mary only speak French when they've drunk.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are planning to do that
Tom and Mary never told me that they had children.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to like that.
Tom and Mary never seem to have any money on them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to hate this.
Tom and Mary need to get themselves a good lawyer.
I'm roughly the same age as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary need to do what I've told them to do.
I'm probably not as busy as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary might've gone kayaking by themselves.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary are guilty.
Tom and Mary may not have done that by themselves.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary know we're here.
Tom and Mary may have done what you said they did.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't like John.
Tom and Mary made no attempt to defend themselves.
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary are late.
Tom and Mary made a very big mistake, didn't they?
I'm not surprised that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary looked well the last time I saw them.
I'm not sure who Tom and Mary are married to.
Tom and Mary looked like they were ready to leave.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary were thinking.
Tom and Mary looked like they were in a good mood.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary do that anymore.
Tom and Mary look much older than they really are.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary want to talk to me.
Tom and Mary look like they're tempted to do that.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Tom and Mary look like they're having a good time.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary look like they're enjoying the party.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are responsible.
Tom and Mary look like they're about ready to cry.
I'm happy Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary look like they don't want to be here.
I'm going to go see if Tom and Mary are back.
Tom and Mary look like they don't know what to do.
I'm glad Tom and Mary have agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary locked themselves out of their house.
I'm better at juggling than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary liked to swim when they were younger.
I'm a French teacher and so are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary lied to John when they said did that.
I'll try to find out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary let John knows that they'd done that.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary get your message.
I'll do that only if Tom and Mary tell me to.
Tom and Mary know they no longer needs to do that.
I'll do that again if Tom and Mary ask me to.
I'll bet Tom and Mary don't get here on time.
Tom and Mary know there's no way they can do that.
I'd like to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary know that they ought to do that soon.
I'd like to know what Tom and Mary are up to.
Tom and Mary know that they need to do that today.
I worked yesterday, but Tom and Mary weren't.
Tom and Mary know that they have to do that today.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't wear glasses.
Tom and Mary knew they'd just made a huge mistake.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't want to sing.
Tom and Mary just kept doing what they were doing.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so sympathetic.
Tom and Mary insisted that all of us go with them.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so cooperative.
Tom and Mary injured themselves trying to do that.
I wonder how Tom and Mary are going to react.
Tom and Mary injured themselves mountain climbing.
I won't be able to make Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary hope that they'll be able to do that.
I wasn't told why Tom and Mary weren't there.
Tom and Mary hope that they don't have to do that.
I was just as surprised as Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary hope that John will do that for them.
I wanted to make sure Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they want to do.
I wanted to go where Tom and Mary were going.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they need to do.
I want to hear what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary haven't told us what they have to do.
I understand that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary haven't done what we told them to do.
I told you Tom and Mary were really annoying.
Tom and Mary haven't been here already, have they?
I thought you said Tom and Mary weren't here.
Tom and Mary have something they want to tell you.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were tailors.
Tom and Mary have said they won't do that anymore.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were leaving.
Tom and Mary have never told John they were sorry.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were bankers.
Tom and Mary have lots of things they want to buy.
I thought Tom and Mary were stealing from us.
Tom and Mary have lots of things they need to buy.
I thought Tom and Mary were ready to do that.
Tom and Mary have lots of things they have to buy.
I thought Tom and Mary were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary have been very unlucky, haven't they?
I thought Tom and Mary were going to hurt me.
Tom and Mary have been doing that all their lives.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to help us.
Tom and Mary have asked John to help them do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they want to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be shot.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they need to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be late.
Tom and Mary have a lot of things they have to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary had to pay for everything themselves.
I think what Tom and Mary are doing is great.
Tom and Mary got almost everything they asked for.
I think Tom and Mary speak French quite well.
Tom and Mary found themselves seats near the door.
I think Tom and Mary have a cousin in Boston.
Tom and Mary forgot to tell me where to meet them.
I think Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
Tom and Mary fanned themselves with them notebook.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary excused themselves and left the room.
I think Tom and Mary are visiting Boston now.
Tom and Mary don't want to go there by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to retire.
Tom and Mary don't think they're going to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are the ones who'll win.
Tom and Mary don't think that they should do that.
I think Tom and Mary are probably suspicious.
Tom and Mary don't think that I did that, do they?
I think Tom and Mary are pretty good artists.
Tom and Mary don't still want to do that, do they?
I think Tom and Mary are finished doing that.
Tom and Mary don't still need to do that, do they?
I think Tom and Mary are being disrespectful.
Tom and Mary don't still have to do that, do they?
I think Tom and Mary are a bit too impatient.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be enjoying themselves.
I think Tom and John look better with beards.
Tom and Mary don't see why they shouldn't do that.
I think I know where Tom and Mary are headed.
Tom and Mary don't ride their motorcycles anymore.
I suggest you do what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary don't often admit that they're wrong.
I still can't believe Tom and Mary have gone.
Tom and Mary don't need to go there by themselves.
I often order the same thing Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary don't like John calling them at work.
I never can tell when Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary don't know they're going to be fired.
I need to stay and help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary don't know if they'll do that or not.
I need to leave before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary don't have to go unless they want to.
I make a lot more money than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary don't have to go there by themselves.
I live on the same street as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that, but they did.
I know that Tom and Mary don't often do that.
Tom and Mary didn't tell you to do that, did they?
I know that Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me where they were going.
I know that Tom and Mary are able to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't say anything about themselves.
I know how much Tom and Mary hate doing that.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they'd made a mistake.
I know exactly what Tom and Mary need to buy.
Tom and Mary didn't need to do that, but they did.
I know Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't need to do that by themselves.
I know Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
Tom and Mary didn't like dogs when they were kids.
I know Tom and Mary aren't likely to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't know they were being followed.
I know Tom and Mary are working late tonight.
Tom and Mary didn't know that they had to do that.
I knew you wouldn't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary didn't have to do that, but they did.
I knew why Tom and Mary were studying French.
Tom and Mary didn't have to do that by themselves.
I knew that Tom and Mary were here somewhere.
Tom and Mary didn't give me what I asked them for.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't do that entirely on their own.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't happy about this.
Tom and Mary didn't buy what they said they'd buy.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to make it.
Tom and Mary did that while they were half asleep.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to like it.
Tom and Mary did that because they were forced to.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to hurt me.
Tom and Mary did exactly what they said they'd do.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary decided to try doing that themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to confess.
Tom and Mary decided to go shopping by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to be here.
Tom and Mary couldn't move the desk by themselves.
I just wanted to see if Tom and Mary were OK.
Tom and Mary couldn't have done that on their own.
I just hope Tom and Mary don't get too close.
Tom and Mary couldn't do what we asked them to do.
I intend to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary couldn't come because they were sick.
I hope that Tom and Mary don't do that again.
Tom and Mary couldn't come because they were busy.
I hope Tom and Mary follow your instructions.
Tom and Mary could probably do that by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary don't tell us to do that.
Tom and Mary could get in trouble if they do that.
I hope Tom and Mary don't have to go to jail.
Tom and Mary consider themselves relatively lucky.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get the wrong idea.
Tom and Mary cleaned the garage all by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary don't do anything stupid.
Tom and Mary claimed they didn't agree to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary are motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary can't possibly do that by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are doing well in school.
Tom and Mary can't picture themselves as teachers.
I hope Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Tom and Mary can't do all this work by themselves.
I heard that Tom and Mary have been arrested.
Tom and Mary can probably take care of themselves.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't swim anymore.
Tom and Mary can come back here anytime they want.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Tom and Mary ate a dozen donuts all by themselves.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't sing anymore.
Tom and Mary assured John that they could do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary don't do that much.
Tom and Mary asked me to tell them why I did that.
I hear Tom and Mary haven't been helping you.
Tom and Mary asked me to meet them at the station.
I have to stay and help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary asked me to meet them at the airport.
I hate to say it, but Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to do that, are they?
I hadn't realized how rich Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary aren't as young as they say they are.
I had to wait until Tom and Mary were asleep.
Tom and Mary aren't as rich as you think they are.
I guess that's why Tom and Mary were so late.
Tom and Mary aren't as old as I thought they were.
I guess I'll wait till Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary aren't as lazy as you think they are.
I go to the same school that Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary aren't as healthy as they used to be.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still homesick.
Tom and Mary aren't able to do that by themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still homeless.
Tom and Mary are very sorry for what they've done.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Tom and Mary are very careful about what they eat.
I don't want to do that, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary are the ones who said they'd do that.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary are late.
Tom and Mary are talking louder than they need to.
I don't understand why Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary are stronger than you think they are.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are plumbers.
Tom and Mary are quite narrow-minded, aren't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary were being unfair.
Tom and Mary are quite conscientious, aren't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary trust many people.
Tom and Mary are pretty conservative, aren't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary need new bicycles.
Tom and Mary are much fatter than they used to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary like me very much.
Tom and Mary are much busier than they used to be.
I don't think Tom and Mary know who did that.
Tom and Mary are lucky to have John on their team.
I don't think Tom and Mary know where I live.
Tom and Mary are lucky John isn't there with them.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to drive.
Tom and Mary are likely to tell John they're busy.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to dance.
Tom and Mary are likely to be safe where they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any children.
Tom and Mary are hoping you can do that with them.
I don't think Tom and Mary feel the same way.
Tom and Mary are going to see if they can do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are very talented.
Tom and Mary are going to go skiing by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are very reliable.
Tom and Mary are going to do things their own way.
I don't think Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
Tom and Mary are doing what we asked, aren't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are schizophrenic.
Tom and Mary are busy, so they can't help you now.
I don't remember what Tom and Mary look like.
Tom and Mary are allowed to do whatever they want.
I don't really think Tom and Mary want to go.
Tom and Mary are afraid to go there by themselves.
I don't really care how Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary always carry their cameras with them.
I don't need to do that, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary agreed that they'd pay half the rent.
I don't like the way Tom and Mary look at me.
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't want to do that.
I don't like the way Tom and Mary are acting.
Tom and Mary admitted that they agreed to do that.
I don't like spicy food, but Tom and Mary do.
This is where Tom and Mary said they used to live.
I don't like doing that, but Tom and Mary do.
There's no way Tom and Mary did that on their own.
I don't know why Tom and Mary were in prison.
That was what Tom and Mary said they wanted to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary don't eat meat.
Tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't agree to do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are whispering.
Tell Tom and Mary that I'm too tired to help them.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are so nervous.
Please tell Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are doing that.
Please tell Tom and Mary they should do that soon.
I don't know where Tom and Mary want to live.
Nobody has told Tom and Mary what they need to do.
I don't know where Tom and Mary study French.
No one has told Tom and Mary what they have to do.
I don't know where Tom and Mary go to school.
Is Tom and Mary planning to do that by themselves?
I don't know what Tom and Mary were thinking.
If Tom and Mary had more time, they could do that.
I don't know what Tom and Mary want me to do.
If Tom and Mary could speak French, I'd hire them.
I don't know what Tom and Mary look like now.
I'm sure Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are doing now.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
I don't know exactly where Tom and Mary live.
I'd do that for Tom and Mary if they wanted me to.
I don't have to do that, but Tom and Mary do.
I wonder if Tom and Mary knew they should do that.
I don't have any idea where Tom and Mary are.
I wonder if Tom and Mary knew they had to do that.
I don't even know where Tom and Mary are now.
I wish Tom and Mary had told me they were married.
I don't eat meat and neither do Tom and Mary.
I told Tom and Mary it was OK for them to do that.
I don't do that the same way Tom and Mary do.
I told Tom and Mary I'd pick them up after school.
I don't care who Tom and Mary are talking to.
I think Tom and Mary should do that by themselves.
I don't care where Tom and Mary go to school.
I think Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves.
I don't believe that Tom and Mary are guilty.
I should tell Tom and Mary what I want them to do.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were hungry.
I hope Tom and Mary know why they need to do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were so careless.
I hope Tom and Mary know why they have to do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
I hope Tom and Mary did what you asked them to do.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were discouraged.
I got Tom and Mary to admit they'd made a mistake.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were cooperative.
I don't like Tom and Mary, and they don't like me.
I didn't realize how smart Tom and Mary were.
I didn't tell Tom and Mary why I didn't like them.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were so stupid.
How long did Tom and Mary say they'd be in Boston?
I didn't notice what Tom and Mary were up to.
How long did Tom and Mary say they were in Boston?
I didn't notice what Tom and Mary were doing.
How did Tom and Mary like the gifts you gave them?
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were reading.
Have you told Tom and Mary what they need to know?
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were cooking.
Have you ever asked Tom and Mary why they do that?
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were unhappy.
Don't allow Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were in town.
Do you want Tom and Mary to do that by themselves?
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were doctors.
Do Tom and Mary think they'll stay in Boston long?
I didn't know that Tom and Mary speak French.
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be here a long time?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were your cousins.
Do Tom and Mary know I don't want them to do that?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were unhappy here.
Do Tom and Mary always do what you ask them to do?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were drug addicts.
Did Tom and Mary tell you they're studying French?
I could tell that Tom and Mary weren't happy.
Did Tom and Mary say who they went to Boston with?
I can't see what Tom and Mary are looking at.
Did Tom and Mary say where they were last weekend?
I can't remember what Tom and Mary look like.
Did Tom and Mary say where they went last weekend?
I can't believe Tom and Mary are really here.
Did Tom and Mary say where they found your wallet?
I can't believe Tom and Mary are really gone.
Did Tom and Mary say they needed to do that today?
I can't believe Tom and Mary are over thirty.
Did Tom and Mary say how long they'd be in Boston?
I can tell that Tom and Mary like doing that.
Did Tom and Mary say anything they shouldn't have?
I can never tell when Tom and Mary are upset.
Did Tom and Mary do something they shouldn't have?
I assumed Tom and Mary were planning to come.
Ask Tom and Mary if they've sold their houses yet.
I asked Tom and Mary to introduce John to me.
Ask Tom and Mary if they want to do that with you.
I always thought Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Are you sure Tom and Mary know what they're doing?
How will you feel when Tom and Mary are gone?
Are you sure Tom and Mary can do it by themselves?
How many years have Tom and Mary worked here?
All I did was ask Tom and Mary if they were happy.
How many times a day do Tom and Mary do that?
Would you tell Tom and Mary I'd like to see them?
How many hours a day do Tom and Mary do that?
Would you recognize Tom and Mary if you saw them?
How long have Tom and Mary been working here?
Why do Tom and Mary always do that by themselves?
How do you think that made Tom and Mary feel?
When did Tom and Mary tell you they were leaving?
How do you know Tom and Mary are really safe?
What time did Tom and Mary say they'd pick us up?
How did you know that Tom and Mary were sick?
What did you tell Tom and Mary they needed to do?
How did you find out where Tom and Mary were?
What did Tom and Mary tell you they wanted to do?
How did you find out where Tom and Mary live?
What did Tom and Mary tell you they needed to do?
How could you tell Tom and Mary were in pain?
What did Tom and Mary say they expected us to do?
How can you tell when Tom and Mary are lying?
Were Tom and Mary busy when you went to see them?
How are Tom and Mary going to deal with that?
We waited for Tom and Mary, but they didn't come.
Have Tom and Mary talked about what happened?
We counted on Tom and Mary, but they let us down.
Have Tom and Mary been living in Boston long?
Tom and Mary's house isn't far from their school.
Have Tom and Mary actually agreed to do that?
Tom and Mary's house isn't far from their office.
Even Tom and Mary don't go to Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary wrapped themselves in warm blankets.
Don't you think Tom and Mary are scared, too?
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me who they talked to.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary are just kids.
Tom and Mary wouldn't really do that, would they?
Don't believe anything Tom and Mary tell you.
Tom and Mary wouldn't do what I asked them to do.
Does anyone really care what Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that even if they could.
Do you think Tom and Mary know what happened?
Tom and Mary wouldn't admit that they were wrong.
Do you think Tom and Mary are too aggressive?
Tom and Mary would've done that if they could've.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still homesick?
Tom and Mary would help you if you asked them to.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still homeless?
Tom and Mary would do that if they had more time.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still confused?
Tom and Mary would do that if John asked them to.
Do you think Tom and Mary are ready for this?
Tom and Mary would be exhausted if they did that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are doing that now?
Tom and Mary won't have to do that by themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were unfair?
Tom and Mary won't find what they're looking for.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were shaken?
Tom and Mary wished they'd known about the party.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are worried?
Tom and Mary wished they were better at swimming.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are wealthy?
Tom and Mary wished they could understand French.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are through?
Tom and Mary wished they could go back to Boston.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are thirsty?
Tom and Mary will unlikely do that by themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are sincere?
Tom and Mary will probably do that by themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are serious?
Tom and Mary will never admit that they're wrong.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are selfish?
Tom and Mary will help whoever asks them to help.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are retired?
Tom and Mary will have to go there by themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are outside?
Tom and Mary will get very dirty if they do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are jealous?
Tom and Mary will get in trouble if they do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are healthy?
Tom and Mary will do that the way I told them to.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are curious?
Tom and Mary will do anything we want them to do.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are correct?
Tom and Mary will be fired if they do that again.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are annoyed?
Tom and Mary will be fined if they do that again.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are adopted?
Tom and Mary weren't willing to go by themselves.
Do you know why Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't told they shouldn't do that.
Do you know why Tom and Mary need to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't sure they wanted to do that.
Do you know why Tom and Mary have to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't sure they needed to do that.
Do you know who Tom and Mary are hiding from?
Tom and Mary weren't able to do what they wanted.
Do you know where Tom and Mary are taking us?
Tom and Mary were very hungry when they got home.
Do you know what street Tom and Mary live on?
Tom and Mary were very candid in their interview.
Do Tom and Mary want to know how we did that?
Tom and Mary were told that they need to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still think John can do that?
Tom and Mary were told that they have to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still study French every day?
Tom and Mary were there, but they didn't help us.
Do Tom and Mary really want to be left alone?
Tom and Mary were sure they had to do that again.
Do Tom and Mary live far from where you live?
Tom and Mary were lucky John helped them do that.
Do Tom and Mary know you were born in Boston?
Tom and Mary were busy, so they couldn't help us.
Do Tom and Mary know how you feel about this?
Tom and Mary were able to do what they had to do.
Do Tom and Mary know I don't want to do that?
Tom and Mary wanted to say more, but they didn't.
Do Tom and Mary have any brothers or sisters?
Tom and Mary wanted to open their own restaurant.
Do Tom and Mary go to the same school as you?
Tom and Mary wanted to go canoeing by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary get into the city very often?
Tom and Mary wanted to finish what they're doing.
Do Tom and Mary ever write letters in French?
Tom and Mary want me to wait until they get here.
Do Tom and Mary enjoy watching horror movies?
Tom and Mary want me to help them this afternoon.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were doing that?
Tom and Mary walk their dogs at least once a day.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary like doing that?
Tom and Mary vowed they'd never agree to do that.
Did you really think Tom and Mary were wrong?
Tom and Mary usually don't get what they ask for.
Did you know where Tom and Mary were staying?
Tom and Mary usually don't do that by themselves.
Did you know that Tom and Mary were dentists?
Tom and Mary usually do what they say they'll do.
Did you know Tom and Mary weren't happy here?
Tom and Mary used to live in Boston, didn't they?
Did you know Tom and Mary are good at French?
Can't you see Tom and Mary aren't interested?
Tom and Mary tried to do that, but they couldn't.
Can you tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Tom and Mary tried to buy everything they needed.
Can you imagine how scared Tom and Mary were?
Tom and Mary tried doing that, but they couldn't.
Can you explain why Tom and Mary aren't here?
Tom and Mary took a moment to compose themselves.
At first, I thought Tom and Mary were joking.
Tom and Mary told you what happened, didn't they?
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary told us they wouldn't do that again.
Are you sure you know what Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary told us they thought they'd do that.
Are you sure this is where Tom and Mary were?
Tom and Mary told us they didn't want to do that.
Are you sure this is where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary told us about their lives in Boston.
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't Canadians?
Tom and Mary told me to meet them at their house.
Are Tom and Mary the ones who took you there?
Tom and Mary told me they'd win, but they didn't.
Are Tom and Mary still trying to lose weight?
Tom and Mary told me they'd try doing that again.
Are Tom and Mary still living on Park Street?
Tom and Mary told me they'd never been to Boston.
Are Tom and Mary still determined to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they'd like to come with us.
Are Tom and Mary still be willing to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do that again.
Are Tom and Mary staying at the Hilton Hotel?
Tom and Mary told me they won't agree to do that.
Apparently, Tom and Mary used to be teachers.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to teach French.
All Tom and Mary think about is making money.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to learn French.
All Tom and Mary ever want to do is watch TV.
Tom and Mary told me they used to live in Boston.
All I know is that Tom and Mary weren't here.
Tom and Mary told me they might agree to do that.
Actually, Tom and Mary aren't our real names.
Tom and Mary told me they had trouble doing that.
"Have Tom and Mary done that?" "No, not yet."
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want to do that.
"Are Tom and Mary afraid?" "Yes, I think so."
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like eating out.
You're the one Tom and Mary want to talk to.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like doing that.
You should let Tom and Mary do that for you.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't know what to do.
You never told me Tom and Mary were tailors.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have to do that.
You never told me Tom and Mary were lawyers.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have much money.
You never told me Tom and Mary were barbers.
Tom and Mary told me that they're doing that now.
You know where Tom and Mary live, don't you?
Tom and Mary told me that they were disappointed.
You know Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary told me that they were ambidextrous.
You don't know who Tom and Mary are, do you?
Tom and Mary told John why they couldn't do that.
You don't know what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary told John they were going to Boston.
Why should you care what Tom and Mary think?
Tom and Mary told John they were able to do that.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary told John that they were unemployed.
Why don't Tom and Mary have to pay anything?
Tom and Mary told John that they were suspicious.
Why don't Tom and Mary have to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary told John that they were interested.
Why do you think Tom and Mary don't like me?
Tom and Mary told John that they were frustrated.
Why do you think Tom and Mary don't like it?
Tom and Mary told John that they were frightened.
Why did Tom and Mary want to talk with John?
Tom and Mary told John that they were displeased.
Why are Tom and Mary making us wait so long?
Tom and Mary thought they were smarter than John.
Why are Tom and Mary looking at me that way?
Tom and Mary thought they were going to be fired.
Who is it that Tom and Mary want to talk to?
Tom and Mary thought they didn't need to do that.
Who do Tom and Mary usually go surfing with?
Tom and Mary thought they didn't have to do that.
Who do Tom and Mary usually go sailing with?
Tom and Mary think they're pretty good at French.
Who can tell what Tom and Mary are thinking?
Tom and Mary think they won't be able to do that.
Where do Tom and Mary plan to go to college?
Tom and Mary swore they'd never agree to do that.
Where did you say Tom and Mary were staying?
Tom and Mary swore they wouldn't do that anymore.
When were Tom and Mary supposed to get here?
Tom and Mary still hope they can do that someday.
When do Tom and Mary expect us to get there?
Tom and Mary splashed themselves with cold water.
When are Tom and Mary planning to come over?
Tom and Mary should've told me they were married.
When are Tom and Mary going to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary should tell John they won't do that.
What'll we do if Tom and Mary don't do that?
Tom and Mary should get John to do that for them.
What were Tom and Mary really talking about?
Tom and Mary should ask John to do that for them.
What part of Boston do Tom and Mary live in?
Tom and Mary seemed very pleased with themselves.
What kind of mistakes did Tom and Mary make?
Tom and Mary seemed to think we didn't like them.
What are Tom and Mary going to do with that?
Tom and Mary seem like they're a lot happier now.
What are Tom and Mary going to do on Monday?
Tom and Mary say you talked them into doing that.
What are Tom and Mary doing in the basement?
Tom and Mary say they've read all of these books.
What are Tom and Mary complaining about now?
Tom and Mary say they've done that several times.
Were Tom and Mary the ones who were injured?
Tom and Mary say they've been mugged three times.
We've got to find it before Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they're willing to try anything.
We're not going to let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they're too tired today to help.
We were unable to help Tom and Mary do that.
We think Tom and Mary are going to be ready.
Tom and Mary say they're hoping they can do that.
We know what Tom and Mary have been through.
Tom and Mary say they're having a wonderful time.
We know what Tom and Mary are going through.
Tom and Mary say they're good at speaking French.
We have to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say they'll never go back to Boston.
We have to find out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary say they'll go to Boston in October.
We can't do what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Tom and Mary say they'll do the same thing we do.
We both know Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather not do that today.
Tom and Mary won't be able to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they won't tell John to do that.
Tom and Mary were delighted with the result.
Tom and Mary say they won't have time to do that.
Tom and Mary were concerned about that, too.
Tom and Mary say they won't go to Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary were at John's house yesterday.
Tom and Mary say they won't answer any questions.
Tom and Mary usually play tennis on Mondays.
Tom and Mary say they wish they hadn't done that.
Tom and Mary still don't know what John did.
Tom and Mary say they were just following orders.
Tom and Mary seem to be intimidated by John.
Tom and Mary say they want to show you something.
Tom and Mary often doze off in French class.
Tom and Mary say they want to live by themselves.
Tom and Mary need to get used to doing that.
Tom and Mary say they used to be able to do that.
Tom and Mary have been trying to save money.
Tom and Mary say they try to do that once a week.
Tom and Mary give piano lessons to children.
Tom and Mary say they thought they could do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to try anything new.
Tom and Mary say they think they need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to see either of us.
Tom and Mary say they think they have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to return to Boston.
Tom and Mary say they need to buy a new computer.
Tom and Mary don't want to own a restaurant.
Tom and Mary say they just want to be left alone.
Tom and Mary don't want to go to the movies.
Tom and Mary say they haven't been sleeping well.
Tom and Mary don't want to eat here tonight.
Tom and Mary say they have actually seen a ghost.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that with you.
Tom and Mary say they feel like they belong here.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they feel a little better today.
Tom and Mary don't want to be veterinarians.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to work outside.
Tom and Mary don't want to attend the party.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to wait for you.
Tom and Mary don't play the piano very well.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to study French.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that again.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary don't know where John did that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think that'll happen.
Tom and Mary don't know what has to be done.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John does that.
Tom and Mary don't know what John should do.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what to do next.
Tom and Mary don't feel like doing that now.
Tom and Mary say they don't have time to eat now.
Tom and Mary aren't used to having visitors.
Tom and Mary say they don't have time to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what John is doing.
Tom and Mary say they don't go to Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't here to talk about that.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel like doing that.
Tom and Mary aren't having a very good time.
Tom and Mary say they don't even like to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to take this well.
Tom and Mary say they don't even like doing that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let John drive.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe you did that.
Tom and Mary aren't going home anytime soon.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going anywhere with you.
Tom and Mary say they definitely want to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't exactly sure what to do.
Tom and Mary say they could never live in Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't exactly sure what it is.
Tom and Mary aren't allowed to do that here.
Tom and Mary say that they're too tired to study.
Tom and Mary are welcome to stay for dinner.
Tom and Mary say that they're good at doing that.
Tom and Mary are waiting for that to happen.
Tom and Mary say that they won't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to return.
Tom and Mary say that they only eat organic food.
Tom and Mary are very good at telling jokes.
Tom and Mary say that they don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary are used to having John around.
Tom and Mary say a lot of things they don't mean.
Tom and Mary are trying to make that happen.
Tom and Mary said they've seen people doing that.
Tom and Mary are sure it wasn't an accident.
Tom and Mary said they've never done that before.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be working now.
Tom and Mary said they've always lived in Boston.
Tom and Mary are still too young to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're sure John will do that.
Tom and Mary are still skeptical about that.
Tom and Mary said they're studying to be doctors.
Tom and Mary are still a long way from home.
Tom and Mary said they're planning on going, too.
Tom and Mary are so ready for something new.
Tom and Mary said they're planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary are probably still unconscious.
Tom and Mary are probably still pessimistic.
Tom and Mary said they're glad you could do that.
Tom and Mary are probably still intoxicated.
Tom and Mary said they're glad that you did that.
Tom and Mary are probably smarter than John.
Tom and Mary said they're aware of the situation.
Tom and Mary are prepared to take that risk.
Tom and Mary said they'll be in Boston next week.
Tom and Mary are pleased with your progress.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not speak French.
Tom and Mary are people who get things done.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not do that here.
Tom and Mary are no longer working for John.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are moving to Boston next year.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather die than do that.
Tom and Mary are moving to Boston next week.
Tom and Mary said they'd never speak to me again.
Tom and Mary are lucky John is here to help.
Tom and Mary said they'd never do that with John.
Tom and Mary are looking for John right now.
Tom and Mary said they'd never been there before.
Tom and Mary are likely to let John do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd like you to do that now.
Tom and Mary are likely to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me do that as well.
Tom and Mary are just trying to protect you.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back on October 20th.
Tom and Mary are just here to play baseball.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary are interested in helping John.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that for John.
Tom and Mary are hoping nothing bad happens.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are going to take a look at it.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't agree to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to meet John tonight.
Tom and Mary said they wished they could do that.
Tom and Mary are going to make sure of that.
Tom and Mary said they wished John would do that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to stop John.
Tom and Mary said they wished John could do that.
Tom and Mary are going to have a lot of fun.
Tom and Mary said they weren't likely to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to go to Boston next.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to be there.
Tom and Mary are going to do that this fall.
Tom and Mary said they weren't being paid enough.
Tom and Mary are going to be here all night.
Tom and Mary said they were unwilling to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to ask John for help.
Tom and Mary said they were trying to stay awake.
Tom and Mary are going to Boston in October.
Tom and Mary said they were trying to be careful.
Tom and Mary are fortunate to have you here.
Tom and Mary said they were too young to do that.
Tom and Mary are definitely making progress.
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to do that.
Tom and Mary are better at French than John.
Tom and Mary said they were too drunk to do that.
Tom and Mary are always doing something new.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping you'd do that.
Tom and Mary are already well aware of that.
Tom and Mary said they were going to go see John.
Tom and Mary are almost finished doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were delighted to do that.
Tom and Mary always blame me for everything.
Tom and Mary said they were asked not to do that.
This is the factory where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to kill themselves.
The music Tom and Mary write is pretty good.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to help us do that.
That's not what Tom and Mary want you to do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go to the beach.
That's clearly what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy another car.
That'll make Tom and Mary feel a lot better.
Tom and Mary said they walked home by themselves.
Please make sure Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they thought you would do that.
Nobody knew how dangerous Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they thought I seemed confused.
No one knows exactly where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they should've done that alone.
Maybe that's exactly what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary said they really don't do that much.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what happened.
Tom and Mary said they probably wouldn't do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't telling the truth.
Tom and Mary said they now regret not doing that.
Maybe Tom and Mary are doing that right now.
Tom and Mary said they never saw John doing that.
Make sure Tom and Mary know what's happened.
Tom and Mary said they needed to be more careful.
Let's hope that Tom and Mary don't try that.
Tom and Mary said they needed something to drink.
Let's hope Tom and Mary are still available.
Tom and Mary said they need to borrow some money.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary said they knew you wouldn't do that.
Just tell me which room Tom and Mary are in.
Tom and Mary said they knew you couldn't do that.
It's very obvious that Tom and Mary like me.
Tom and Mary said they knew it was time to leave.
It sounds like Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they just got back from Boston.
It sounds like Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they hope to be back on Monday.
It sounds like Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they have to borrow some money.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are the problem.
Tom and Mary said they had a great time with you.
It seems like Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they felt compelled to do that.
It seems like Tom and Mary are here to stay.
Tom and Mary said they don't think John did that.
It looks like Tom and Mary have been crying.
Tom and Mary said they don't remember doing that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to win.
Tom and Mary said they don't know how to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are going to cry.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to talk to me.
It looks like Tom and Mary are disorganized.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go with us.
It looks like Tom and Mary are disappointed.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to do that.
It looked like Tom and Mary were astonished.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want any more help.
In 2013, Tom and Mary were living in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they didn't often go to Boston.
If you know where Tom and Mary are, tell me.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need any more time.
If you ask me, Tom and Mary are the problem.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need any more help.
If Tom and Mary join your team, I will, too.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why John left.
If Tom and Mary don't go, I won't go either.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what John did.
If Tom and Mary do that, please let me know.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know all the rules.
I've seen the way Tom and Mary look at John.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to work today.
I've never seen Tom and Mary do that before.
Tom and Mary said they didn't go camping anymore.
I've got to find out what Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like laughing.
I'm three years older than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do that very often.
I'm the person Tom and Mary are waiting for.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do that on purpose.
I'm sure Tom and Mary haven't forgotten you.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't wait much longer.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have plans to do that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't sleep last night.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they assumed you would do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be late.
Tom and Mary said they asked John not to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want to be here.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said they are glad that you're back.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are very proud of you.
Tom and Mary said they already agreed to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Tom and Mary said their new boat cost them a lot.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd pick us up at 2:30.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are OK with it.
Tom and Mary said that they'd been very careless.
I'm not exactly sure where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be glad to do that.
I'm not as young as Tom and Mary think I am.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be back right away.
I'm glad Tom and Mary were there to help us.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very worried.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary get home safely.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very thirsty.
I'll help Tom and Mary do that after supper.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't tired at all.
I'll go see if Tom and Mary are ready to go.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't feeling well.
I'll do the same thing that Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't disappointed.
I'll do anything Tom and Mary want me to do.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't conservative.
I'd better wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't at all tired.
I wouldn't really call Tom and Mary friends.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't ambidextrous.
I wouldn't have helped Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very suspicious.
I wonder why Tom and Mary look so miserable.
Tom and Mary said that they were very optimistic.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't like Boston.
Tom and Mary said that they were very interested.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary said that they were very frustrated.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary said that they were unfazed by that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are staring at me.
Tom and Mary said that they were too busy to eat.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so interested.
Tom and Mary said that they were really ticklish.
I wonder where Tom and Mary hope to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really offended.
I wonder what Tom and Mary think about this.
Tom and Mary said that they were really grateful.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are trying to do.
Tom and Mary said that they were really confused.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are going to buy.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to go with us.
I won't do that unless Tom and Mary help me.
Tom and Mary said it was them who should do that.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with us today.
Tom and Mary said it was them who had to do that.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with me today.
Tom and Mary said John wouldn't let them do that.
I was the one who made Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary realized they had been unreasonable.
I wanted to see how Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary realized that they'd made a mistake.
I wanted to believe Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary promised they'd never do that again.
I wanted to believe Tom and Mary were happy.
Tom and Mary promised they'd never be late again.
I want to know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't say anything.
I want to know where Tom and Mary come from.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't do that here.
I visited my friends Tom and Mary yesterday.
Tom and Mary promised they won't do that anymore.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were stupid.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd do that for me.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were coming.
Tom and Mary promised John they wouldn't do that.
I thought that's why Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary probably went cycling by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary were unlikely to win.
Tom and Mary probably can't do that on their own.
I thought Tom and Mary were meeting us here.
Tom and Mary prefer to go shopping by themselves.
I thought Tom and Mary were French teachers.
Tom and Mary planned on doing that by themselves.
I thought I could help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary painted the house all by themselves.
I think that Tom and Mary speak French well.
Tom and Mary ought to admit that they were wrong.
I think Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
Tom and Mary never told us much about themselves.
I think Tom and Mary really want to do that.
Tom and Mary never told me they were vegetarians.
I think Tom and Mary really need to do that.
Tom and Mary need us to show them how to do that.
I think Tom and Mary really have to do that.
Tom and Mary need to get themselves good lawyers.
I think Tom and Mary need medical attention.
Tom and Mary need someone to teach them to drive.
I think Tom and Mary have stopped breathing.
Tom and Mary must've thought they had to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have done that already.
Tom and Mary might think that we don't like them.
I think Tom and Mary have been here already.
Tom and Mary may use my computer if they need to.
I think Tom and Mary have already done that.
Tom and Mary may keep doing that if they want to.
I think Tom and Mary have agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary may have gone fishing by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't in a hurry.
I think Tom and Mary could've been teachers.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't having fun.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to resign.
Tom and Mary looked like they were uncomfortable.
I think Tom and Mary are through doing that.
Tom and Mary look younger than they actually are.
I think Tom and Mary are still undependable.
Tom and Mary look like they're going to pass out.
I think Tom and Mary are still disorganized.
Tom and Mary look like they're going to collapse.
I think Tom and Mary are having a good time.
Tom and Mary look like they're been up all night.
I think Tom and Mary are going to come back.
Tom and Mary live in the woods all by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are curious about that.
Tom and Mary live in the house they were born in.
I think Tom and Mary are anxious to do that.
Tom and Mary live in a large house by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are afraid of your dog.
Tom and Mary let me know that they had done that.
I think I know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't do that anymore.
I think I know where Tom and Mary are going.
Tom and Mary know they no longer need to do that.
I sure hope that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary know they no longer have to do that.
I should probably help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary know they have no chance of winning.
I really don't care what Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary know they could've done that better.
I probably swim better than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary know that they should do that today.
I probably sing better than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary know that they need to do that soon.
I never knew that Tom and Mary were so rich.
Tom and Mary know that they have to do that soon.
I need to be ready when Tom and Mary arrive.
Tom and Mary know how to take care of themselves.
I live on the same floor as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary knew they'd just made a big mistake.
I know you'd never let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary knew they could've done that better.
I know why Tom and Mary don't want to dance.
Tom and Mary knew more than they were letting on.
I know why Tom and Mary are studying French.
Tom and Mary knew John would ask them to do that.
I know what Tom and Mary are planning to do.
Tom and Mary kept their suspicions to themselves.
I know that you know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary initially said they weren't nervous.
I know that Tom and Mary have been arrested.
Tom and Mary hurt their knees playing basketball.
I know that Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told me who helped them.
I know that Tom and Mary don't like spinach.
Tom and Mary haven't told me who helped them yet.
I know that Tom and Mary don't like me much.
Tom and Mary have us to show them how to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are very talkative.
Tom and Mary have tried to kill themselves again.
I know that Tom and Mary are self-conscious.
Tom and Mary have to travel a lot for their jobs.
I know exactly what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary have to do what they think is right.
I know exactly what Tom and Mary need to do.
Tom and Mary have the right to defend themselves.
I know exactly what Tom and Mary have to do.
Tom and Mary have plenty of friends to help them.
I know Tom and Mary don't like me very much.
Tom and Mary have me to show them how to do that.
I know Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary have lots of things they want to do.
I know Tom and Mary are thinking about that.
Tom and Mary have lots of things they need to do.
I know Tom and Mary are allergic to peanuts.
Tom and Mary have lots of things they have to do.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very good cooks.
Tom and Mary have done what you asked them to do.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at driving.
Tom and Mary have done what we wanted them to do.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at cooking.
Tom and Mary have done what they were told to do.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to see me.
Tom and Mary have done this before, haven't they?
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to say no.
Tom and Mary have been told they need to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to resign.
Tom and Mary have been told they have to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to prison.
Tom and Mary have been doing that all their life.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to object.
Tom and Mary have a really big day ahead of them.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to listen.
Tom and Mary had only three dollars between them.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to change.
Tom and Mary had no money with them at that time.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to Boston.
Tom and Mary had better hurry or they'll be late.
I just know Tom and Mary have to be stopped.
Tom and Mary explained why they couldn't do that.
I hope Tom and Mary wait until we get there.
Tom and Mary don't want to ask John to help them.
I hope Tom and Mary remember how to do this.
Tom and Mary don't want John to do that for them.
I hope Tom and Mary never get out of prison.
Tom and Mary don't usually do that by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary know who has to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think we can do that, do they?
I hope Tom and Mary don't refuse to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think they'd enjoy doing that.
I hope Tom and Mary don't ask us to do that.
Tom and Mary don't think they could ever do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't still unemployed.
Tom and Mary don't really expect to win, do they?
I hope Tom and Mary aren't still doing that.
Tom and Mary don't often go hiking by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't going to do that.
Tom and Mary don't need to do that by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are having a lot of fun.
Tom and Mary don't like talking about themselves.
I highly doubt Tom and Mary want to see you.
Tom and Mary don't know who's going to help them.
I highly doubt Tom and Mary know any French.
Tom and Mary don't know what's in store for them.
I heard that Tom and Mary were hospitalized.
Tom and Mary don't know what they're going to do.
I have to go and see what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that by themselves.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary didn't want to do that on their own.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were lying to us.
Tom and Mary didn't want me to help them do that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were lying to me.
Tom and Mary didn't think they needed to do that.
I guess Tom and Mary have done that already.
Tom and Mary didn't tell us what they were doing.
I guess Tom and Mary have been here all day.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they were late.
I forgot Tom and Mary were going to be here.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they weren't happy.
I doubt that Tom and Mary understand French.
Tom and Mary didn't take anything for themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still worried.
Tom and Mary didn't sound like they were kidding.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still nervous.
Tom and Mary didn't seem very sure of themselves.
I doubt Tom and Mary really need to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't say what time they'd be home.
I doubt Tom and Mary really have to do that.
Tom and Mary didn't really want to eat, did they?
I don't watch as much TV as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't really do that by themselves.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were hungry.
Tom and Mary didn't put you up to this, did they?
I don't think that Tom and Mary were hiding.
Tom and Mary didn't know how they should do that.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are at home.
Tom and Mary didn't go where they said they'd go.
I don't think Tom and Mary were intoxicated.
Tom and Mary didn't do what you asked them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary were intimidated.
Tom and Mary didn't do that on purpose, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary live around here.
Tom and Mary did what they promised me they'd do.
I don't think Tom and Mary like living here.
Tom and Mary did that intentionally, didn't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary know you're here.
Tom and Mary did that for themselves, not for us.
I don't think Tom and Mary know what I want.
Tom and Mary did that for themselves, not for me.
I don't think Tom and Mary know the details.
Tom and Mary did that because they were asked to.
I don't think Tom and Mary know how to cook.
Tom and Mary did that because they had no choice.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any friends.
Tom and Mary did that as they were instructed to.
I don't think Tom and Mary have any enemies.
Tom and Mary did more than what we asked them to.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary did exactly what we told them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy being here.
Tom and Mary did exactly as they were told to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are disappointed.
Tom and Mary did everything we wanted them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are being honest.
Tom and Mary did everything they were told to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary were arrested.
Tom and Mary cut themselves on some broken glass.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are mad at me.
Tom and Mary couldn't make themselves understood.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary couldn't do that even if they tried.
I don't know where Tom and Mary want to eat.
Tom and Mary could've done that, but they didn't.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are staying.
Tom and Mary could probably do that on their own.
I don't know what Tom and Mary were reading.
Tom and Mary could get punished if they did that.
I don't know if Tom and Mary like me or not.
Tom and Mary continue to deny that they did that.
I don't know exactly where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary cleaned the house all by themselves.
I don't have Tom's and Mary's phone numbers.
Tom and Mary claim that they've never lied to me.
I don't do that as often as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary claim that they were born in Boston.
I don't care if Tom and Mary do that or not.
Tom and Mary can't tie their shoes by themselves.
I don't believe that Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary can't lift that crate by themselves.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary can't decide whether they should go.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were happy.
Tom and Mary can't decide when they should leave.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were suspicious.
Tom and Mary can keep doing that if they want to.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were interested.
Tom and Mary can afford to buy the car they want.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were frightened.
Tom and Mary can afford to buy any car they want.
I didn't realize how rich Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary bought themselves expensive watches.
I didn't realize how busy Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary blamed themselves for what happened.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were so tired.
Tom and Mary begged me to let them go home early.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary were so busy.
Tom and Mary barricaded themselves in their room.
I didn't know where Tom and Mary were going.
Tom and Mary asked me to go to a movie with them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were hungry.
Tom and Mary asked if they really had to do that.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were asleep.
Tom and Mary aren't as strong as they used to be.
I didn't know how unhappy Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary aren't as rich as they say they are.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so confused.
Tom and Mary aren't as old as you think they are.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were from Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't as active as they used to be.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
Tom and Mary are younger than you think they are.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were coming back.
Tom and Mary are very good teachers, aren't they?
I didn't hear what Tom and Mary were saying.
Tom and Mary are very good students, aren't they?
I did that while Tom and Mary were sleeping.
Tom and Mary are too young to live by themselves.
I could see that Tom and Mary were grinning.
Tom and Mary are sure they need to do that again.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary are sure they have to do that again.
I can't understand why Tom and Mary hate me.
Tom and Mary are sure that they'll pass the exam.
I can't see who Tom and Mary are talking to.
Tom and Mary are still your friends, aren't they?
I can't hear a word Tom and Mary are saying.
Tom and Mary are still working here, aren't they?
I can't do that unless Tom and Mary help me.
Tom and Mary are still in Australia, aren't they?
I can see why Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary are smarter than you think they are.
I can see why Tom and Mary don't want to go.
Tom and Mary are really competitive, aren't they?
I can see Tom and Mary weren't exaggerating.
Tom and Mary are probably still in their offices.
I assume that Tom and Mary know how to swim.
Tom and Mary are only doing what they have to do.
I also know that Tom and Mary aren't stupid.
Tom and Mary are on their way back to the office.
I already know what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary are managing all right on their own.
I already know what Tom and Mary plan to do.
Tom and Mary are lucky to have John helping them.
I almost forgot what Tom and Mary were like.
Tom and Mary are lucky they have so many friends.
How much do you think Tom and Mary get paid?
Tom and Mary are lucky John is here to help them.
How long have Tom and Mary spent doing that?
Tom and Mary are likely to do that by themselves.
How long have Tom and Mary been watching TV?
Tom and Mary are in a hurry because they're late.
How long have Tom and Mary been living here?
Tom and Mary are hoping you can do that for them.
How long have Tom and Mary been in the cave?
Tom and Mary are good chess players, aren't they?
How long are Tom and Mary going to be there?
Tom and Mary are good at doing that, aren't they?
Haven't Tom and Mary started doing that yet?
Tom and Mary are going to do everything they can.
Have Tom and Mary been getting into trouble?
Tom and Mary are going to do as much as they can.
Have Tom and Mary already agreed to do that?
Tom and Mary are going to be sorry they did that.
Everybody knew Tom and Mary were in trouble.
Tom and Mary are fortunate that they can do that.
Even Tom and Mary don't know how to do that.
Tom and Mary are fairly certain they can do that.
Don't Tom and Mary go to Boston every month?
Tom and Mary are doing that because they have to.
Do you think Tom and Mary have already left?
Tom and Mary are being very patient, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are strong enough?
Tom and Mary are always contradicting themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still worried?
Tom and Mary are able to take care of themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still outside?
Tom and Mary always do that when they're nervous.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still nervous?
Tom and Mary almost always do that by themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still curious?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been dishonest.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still at home?
Tom and Mary admitted that they weren't prepared.
Do you think Tom and Mary are sophisticated?
Tell Tom and Mary we have something to show them.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were drunk?
Tell Tom and Mary I won't go to Boston with them.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are stupid?
Please tell Tom and Mary they don't need to wait.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are strong?
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't as stupid as they look.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are sleepy?
If you see Tom and Mary, please tell them for me.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are skinny?
If Tom and Mary aren't your names, what are they?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are scared?
I've already told Tom and Mary I won't help them.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are lonely?
I'm looking for Tom and Mary. Have you seen them?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are insane?
I'll meet Tom and Mary where we always meet them.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are honest?
I'll go with Tom and Mary in case they need help.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are guilty?
I'll do that for Tom and Mary if they want me to.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are boring?
I'll ask Tom and Mary why they agreed to do that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are biased?
I'd do that for Tom and Mary if they asked me to.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are asleep?
I wouldn't forgive Tom and Mary if they did that.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are amused?
I told Tom and Mary the same thing you told them.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are afraid?
I told Tom and Mary I thought they could do that.
Do you know where Tom and Mary go to school?
I think Tom and Mary thought they had to do that.
Do you know what Tom and Mary are doing now?
I think Tom and Mary might do that by themselves.
Do you have any idea where Tom and Mary are?
I think Tom and Mary could do that if they tried.
Do you have any idea what Tom and Mary want?
I think Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Do you always do what Tom and Mary tell you?
I should've asked Tom and Mary why they did that.
Do Tom and Mary still talk to you in French?
I should tell Tom and Mary what they need to buy.
Do Tom and Mary still have a sense of humor?
I reminded Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still drive a station wagon?
I know Tom and Mary wouldn't tell you themselves.
Do Tom and Mary really think that'll happen?
I know Tom and Mary would leave if we'd let them.
Do Tom and Mary need to stay in Boston, too?
I hope Tom and Mary like the gift we bought them.
Do Tom and Mary know you can't speak French?
I hope Tom and Mary did what you told them to do.
Do Tom and Mary know why you didn't do that?
I hope Tom and Mary did what we asked them to do.
Do Tom and Mary know where you used to live?
I expect Tom and Mary to take care of themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know what you're doing here?
I don't think Tom and Mary know that I hate them.
Do Tom and Mary know that you're doing this?
I couldn't forgive Tom and Mary if they did that.
Do Tom and Mary have the ability to do that?
I can't remember what Tom and Mary said they did.
Do Tom and Mary have anything else to offer?
Haven't you asked Tom and Mary why they did that?
Didn't you say Tom and Mary were architects?
Don't let Tom and Mary go swimming by themselves.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were in Boston?
Do Tom and Mary think they've been treated badly?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were depressed?
Do Tom and Mary think they'll be able to do that?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were Canadians?
Do Tom and Mary think they don't need to do that?
Did you know that Tom and Mary were unhappy?
Do Tom and Mary think they don't have to do that?
Did you know Tom and Mary were unhappy here?
Do Tom and Mary think that's all they need to do?
Did you know Tom and Mary were still single?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary lived by themselves?
Could you go and see if Tom and Mary are OK?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they didn't do that?
Compared to you, Tom and Mary are just kids.
Did Tom and Mary say why they're going to Boston?
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, we'll eat.
Did Tom and Mary say which way they'd be heading?
Are you sure Tom and Mary understand French?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't want to do that?
Are Tom and Mary the ones who told you that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't need to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still permitted to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't have to do that?
Are Tom and Mary still be afraid to do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they did that by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary going to do that this week?
Did Tom and Mary find what they were looking for?
Actually, I'm not sure who Tom and Mary are.
Call Tom and Mary and tell them we're on our way.
A man just asked me where Tom and Mary live.
Ask Tom and Mary if they've sold their house yet.
You're lucky Tom and Mary are your friends.
Ask Tom and Mary if they want to do that with us.
You're a lot younger than Tom and Mary are.
As soon as Tom and Mary get here, I'll tell them.
You're a lot smarter than Tom and Mary are.
Will Tom and Mary drive to Boston by themselves?
You're a lot shorter than Tom and Mary are.
Why don't you call Tom and Mary and remind them?
You're a bit younger than Tom and Mary are.
Why did Tom and Mary say they wanted to do that?
You're a bit shorter than Tom and Mary are.
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to help them?
You're a better cook than Tom and Mary are.
Who did Tom and Mary say was going to help them?
You never mentioned Tom and Mary were here.
Where did Tom and Mary tell you they were going?
You must do whatever Tom and Mary tell you.
Where did Tom and Mary live when they were kids?
You know where Tom and Mary are, don't you?
When Tom and Mary did that, John yelled at them.
You know what Tom and Mary want, don't you?
What'll Tom and Mary do when they get to Boston?
Why were Tom and Mary expelled from school?
What did Tom and Mary tell you about themselves?
Why should we care what Tom and Mary think?
What did Tom and Mary say they were looking for?
Why should I care who Tom and Mary talk to?
What did Tom and Mary say they expected to find?
Why haven't Tom and Mary already done that?
What are Tom and Mary doing there by themselves?
Why don't Tom and Mary want to do that now?
Were Tom and Mary able to do that by themselves?
Why do Tom and Mary want to talk with John?
We can't leave Tom and Mary there by themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary want to stay in Boston?
Usually Tom and Mary can get whatever they want.
Why do Tom and Mary want me not to do that?
Tom and Mary wrote the report all by themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary need to be there early?
Tom and Mary wrapped blankets around themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary always have to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me why they did that.
Why are you so sure Tom and Mary are wrong?
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me where they'd been.
Why are Tom and Mary so interested in that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't leave us here, would they?
Who do Tom and Mary usually go skiing with?
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that again, would they?
Who are Tom and Mary going to do that with?
Tom and Mary would never go there by themselves.
Where have Tom and Mary been all this time?
Tom and Mary would do that if you asked them to.
When do Tom and Mary usually go to the gym?
Tom and Mary would do that again if they had to.
When do Tom and Mary think we should leave?
Tom and Mary would be punished if they did that.
When do Tom and Mary expect us to be there?
Tom and Mary would be forgiven if they did that.
When did Tom and Mary have time to do that?
Tom and Mary would be arrested if they did that.
What were Tom and Mary studying last night?
Tom and Mary wondered which one they should buy.
What were Tom and Mary doing all last week?
Tom and Mary won't tell me what they want to do.
What time do Tom and Mary usually get home?
Tom and Mary won't likely do that by themselves.
What makes you think Tom and Mary like you?
Tom and Mary won't let us go there without them.
What makes you think Tom and Mary are here?
Tom and Mary won't leave unless you ask them to.
What kind of house do Tom and Mary live in?
Tom and Mary won't eat by themselves, will they?
What if Tom and Mary are telling the truth?
Tom and Mary won't eat anything I cook for them.
What happens if Tom and Mary don't show up?
Tom and Mary won't be skiing with us, will they?
What do you think Tom and Mary want to eat?
Tom and Mary won't be happy if they see me here.
What do you suppose Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary won't be able to defend themselves.
What do Tom and Mary usually do on Mondays?
Tom and Mary wished they could've stayed longer.
What do Tom and Mary intend to do about it?
Tom and Mary will need to do that by themselves.
What do Tom and Mary have going on tonight?
Tom and Mary will have to do that by themselves.
What are Tom and Mary going to do tomorrow?
Tom and Mary will give me that if I ask them to.
What are Tom and Mary doing tomorrow night?
Tom and Mary will do that when their turn comes.
What are Tom and Mary doing in the kitchen?
Tom and Mary will do that if John wants them to.
What Tom and Mary think doesn't matter now.
Tom and Mary will come back. I'm sure they will.
We're just grateful Tom and Mary are alive.
Tom and Mary will be starved when they get home.
We'll eat as soon as Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary will be punished for what they did.
We should wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary will be buying their tickets today.
We need to know where Tom and Mary are now.
Tom and Mary weren't told they couldn't do that.
We need to find out what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary weren't really enjoying themselves.
We knew Tom and Mary were going to be back.
Tom and Mary weren't punished for what they did.
We have to get back before Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary weren't impressed by what they saw.
We have to find out where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary were very dirty when they got home.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary were unwilling to go by themselves.
We have to find out what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary were told to do that by themselves.
We don't even know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary were told that they were too short.
Tom's and Mary's locker are next to John's.
Tom and Mary were sure they could do that again.
Tom should have no difficulty finding jobs.
Tom and Mary were shocked when I told them that.
Tom and Mary's house isn't far from John's.
Tom and Mary were reluctant to go by themselves.
Tom and Mary work for a well-known company.
Tom and Mary were hoping we'd do that with them.
Tom and Mary were supposed to protect John.
Tom and Mary were glad John helped them do that.
Tom and Mary were more confused than I was.
Tom and Mary were certainly enjoying themselves.
Tom and Mary were doing that the wrong way.
Tom and Mary were at home by themselves all day.
Tom and Mary were childhood friends, right?
Tom and Mary were afraid to do it by themselves.
Tom and Mary were at the gym all afternoon.
Tom and Mary were absolutely sure of themselves.
Tom and Mary teach both French and English.
Tom and Mary went to the cemetery by themselves.
Tom and Mary speak both French and English.
Tom and Mary went on doing what they were doing.
Tom and Mary really wanted to talk to John.
Tom and Mary wanted to start their own business.
Tom and Mary need to find a way to do that.
Tom and Mary wanted to leave, but they couldn't.
Tom and Mary might go out tomorrow evening.
Tom and Mary wanted to do everything themselves.
Tom and Mary like Boston, but John doesn't.
Tom and Mary wanted me to tell you they're busy.
Tom and Mary haven't asked me for anything.
Tom and Mary wanted me to do something for them.
Tom and Mary have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom and Mary want you to help them wash windows.
Tom and Mary have several Canadian friends.
Tom and Mary want you to go to Boston with them.
Tom and Mary have done everything possible.
Tom and Mary want you to ask them to your party.
Tom and Mary have been trying to reach you.
Tom and Mary want to know how much they owe you.
Tom and Mary have been trying to cut costs.
Tom and Mary walk their dog at least once a day.
Tom and Mary go to school with my daughter.
Tom and Mary used to do that a lot, didn't they?
Tom and Mary go out drinking every weekend.
Tom and Mary turned themselves in to the police.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk about that.
Tom and Mary tried to see if they could do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to study in Boston.
Tom and Mary tried to kill themselves yesterday.
Tom and Mary don't want to see the results.
Tom and Mary tried to kill themselves last week.
Tom and Mary don't want to go to the beach.
Tom and Mary tried to be as quiet as they could.
Tom and Mary don't want to go to Australia.
Tom and Mary told us they could teach us French.
Tom and Mary don't want to drink champagne.
Tom and Mary told me why they agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that, either.
Tom and Mary told me they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary don't want to do anything new.
Tom and Mary told me they'd never be late again.
Tom and Mary don't want to change all that.
Tom and Mary told me they'd forgotten something.
Tom and Mary don't want to buy our old car.
Tom and Mary told me they'd complain about that.
Tom and Mary don't want to buy another car.
Tom and Mary told me they won't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary don't want to borrow your car.
Tom and Mary told me they were ready to do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to become teachers.
Tom and Mary told me they were looking for John.
Tom and Mary don't want to become surgeons.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to the gym.
Tom and Mary don't want to be firefighters.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to do that.
Tom and Mary don't really know where to go.
Tom and Mary told me they were afraid of snakes.
Tom and Mary don't really know what to buy.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to be teachers.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they probably wouldn't win.
Tom and Mary don't plan on going this week.
Tom and Mary told me they planned to rob a bank.
Tom and Mary don't plan on doing that here.
Tom and Mary told me they like living in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't need to help me anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary don't know why John is absent.
Tom and Mary told me they had skipped breakfast.
Tom and Mary don't know when John was born.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like this book.
Tom and Mary don't know how to play tennis.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have passports.
Tom and Mary don't have to help me anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have much time.
Tom and Mary don't have any concrete plans.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have insurance.
Tom and Mary crawled in through the window.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have any money.
Tom and Mary aren't used to doing that yet.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't speak French.
Tom and Mary aren't trying to impress John.
Tom and Mary told me that they'll join us later.
Tom and Mary aren't sure why that happened.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be cooperative.
Tom and Mary aren't sure on how it started.
Tom and Mary told me that they were very hungry.
Tom and Mary aren't going to wait for John.
Tom and Mary told me that they were unimpressed.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that again.
Tom and Mary told me that they were unconvinced.
Tom and Mary aren't going to be here today.
Tom and Mary told me that they were embarrassed.
Tom and Mary aren't doing anything tonight.
Tom and Mary told me that they were discouraged.
Tom and Mary aren't disturbing you, I hope.
Tom and Mary told John they were ready to leave.
Tom and Mary are worse off now than before.
Tom and Mary told John they knew how to do that.
Tom and Mary are working very hard on that.
Tom and Mary told John they intended to do that.
Tom and Mary are willing to try new things.
Tom and Mary told John they could do that today.
Tom and Mary are wearing expensive clothes.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't joking.
Tom and Mary are waiting for John to leave.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't hungry.
Tom and Mary are trying to do what's right.
Tom and Mary told John that they were terrified.
Tom and Mary are the ones who're different.
Tom and Mary told John that they were surprised.
Tom and Mary are supposed to wait for John.
Tom and Mary told John that they were skeptical.
Tom and Mary are stocking up on everything.
Tom and Mary told John that they were irritated.
Tom and Mary are still thirty minutes away.
Tom and Mary told John that they were impressed.
Tom and Mary are still not sure what to do.
Tom and Mary told John that they were exhausted.
Tom and Mary are still confused about that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were desperate.
Tom and Mary are scared it'll happen again.
Tom and Mary told John that they were depressed.
Tom and Mary are probably still handcuffed.
Tom and Mary told John that they were concerned.
Tom and Mary are probably still eating now.
Tom and Mary told John that they were Canadians.
Tom and Mary are probably ready to do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they had to do that.
Tom and Mary are pretty excited about that.
Tom and Mary thought they might need to do that.
Tom and Mary are preparing to do just that.
Tom and Mary thought they might have to do that.
Tom and Mary are planning a trip to Boston.
Tom and Mary thought they could help us do that.
Tom and Mary are my only friends in Boston.
Tom and Mary swore they'd never do that anymore.
Tom and Mary are likely to wait until 2:30.
Tom and Mary swore they didn't agree to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to stop doing that.
Tom and Mary swear they're telling us the truth.
Tom and Mary are likely to leave next week.
Tom and Mary swear they didn't agree to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to be leaving soon.
Tom and Mary suggested I go with them to Boston.
Tom and Mary are likely to be here all day.
Tom and Mary still haven't done that, have they?
Tom and Mary are likely to be back by 2:30.
Tom and Mary still do that as often as they can.
Tom and Mary are leaving in thirty minutes.
Tom and Mary stared at themselves in the mirror.
Tom and Mary are leaving Boston next month.
Tom and Mary sometimes do that when they're sad.
Tom and Mary are just high school students.
Tom and Mary smiled at themselves in the mirror.
Tom and Mary are just about ready to leave.
Tom and Mary should do that as soon as they can.
Tom and Mary are grateful for what you did.
Tom and Mary seemed a little jumpy, didn't they?
Tom and Mary are going to the pool to swim.
Tom and Mary seem somewhat unsure of themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to need John's help.
Tom and Mary seem quite pleased with themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to help you do that.
Tom and Mary say they're trying to quit smoking.
Tom and Mary are going to get one of those.
Tom and Mary say they're planning on doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to fix those things.
Tom and Mary say they're glad you could make it.
Tom and Mary are going to do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say they're glad you could do that.
Tom and Mary are going to do that for free.
Tom and Mary say they're considering doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to change the rules.
Tom and Mary say they'll never agree to do that.
Tom and Mary are going back to the library.
Tom and Mary say they'll need to think about it.
Tom and Mary are expecting John to do that.
Tom and Mary say they'll go there by themselves.
Tom and Mary are expecting John to be here.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that this afternoon.
Tom and Mary are doing everything possible.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are determined to get answers.
Tom and Mary say they wouldn't agree to do that.
Tom and Mary are delighted with the result.
Tom and Mary say they won't need to do that now.
Tom and Mary are dealing with that problem.
Tom and Mary say they won't ask John to do that.
Tom and Mary are concerned for your safety.
Tom and Mary say they want to play golf with me.
Tom and Mary are concerned about that, too.
Tom and Mary say they want to help John do that.
Tom and Mary are committed to doing better.
Tom and Mary say they want to eat pizza tonight.
Tom and Mary are aware of what's happening.
Tom and Mary say they think they should do that.
Tom and Mary are anticipating more charges.
Tom and Mary say they need to help John do that.
Tom and Mary always wear hats, even inside.
Tom and Mary say they like living by themselves.
This is the house Tom and Mary plan to buy.
Tom and Mary say they know the guy who did that.
This is the house Tom and Mary are renting.
Tom and Mary say they hope John doesn't do that.
The only vegetarians here are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they haven't slept in 24 hours.
The only ones who do that are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they have to help John do that.
That's when I knew Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary say they have something to show us.
That's the way Tom and Mary always do that.
Tom and Mary say they have no desire to do that.
Please tell me why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary say they have everything they need.
Please get Tom and Mary to do that for you.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to talk to you.
Perhaps Tom and Mary were right about that.
Tom and Mary say they don't think you'd do that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Tom and Mary say they don't think it's possible.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary say they don't think John did that.
Needless to say, Tom and Mary are thrilled.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember doing that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't want you to worry.
Tom and Mary say they don't need to do that now.
Maybe Tom and Mary can get jobs at the zoo.
Tom and Mary say they don't know how to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary are too busy to help us.
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that now.
Make sure Tom and Mary stay out of trouble.
Tom and Mary say they don't have anything to do.
Let's wait and see what Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary say they did that without thinking.
Let's try what Tom and Mary have suggested.
Tom and Mary say they could never do that again.
Let's leave as soon as Tom and Mary arrive.
Tom and Mary say they can't wait to get started.
Let's hope that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary say they can't prove John did that.
Let's find out what else Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary say they can't give me what I want.
Let's eat as soon as Tom and Mary get home.
Tom and Mary say they can't give me what I need.
Let's assume that Tom and Mary are correct.
Tom and Mary say they can't ask John to do that.
Let me see if Tom and Mary are ready to go.
Tom and Mary say they can swim across the river.
It's a good thing Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary say they can speak a little French.
It sounds like Tom and Mary have been busy.
Tom and Mary say they can get you what you want.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are in trouble.
Tom and Mary say they can get you what you need.
It seems that Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary say they can do that by themselves.
It seems that Tom and Mary know the secret.
Tom and Mary say they already know how to drive.
It seems that Tom and Mary are in no hurry.
Tom and Mary say that they want to learn French.
It seems like Tom and Mary like to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they want to go to Boston.
It seems like Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary say that they want to come with us.
It seems like Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
Tom and Mary say that they also want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are unconvinced.
It looks like Tom and Mary are unconscious.
Tom and Mary sat on the bench all by themselves.
It looks like Tom and Mary are embarrassed.
Tom and Mary said they've never eaten Thai food.
It looks like Tom and Mary are drunk again.
Tom and Mary said they've done that three times.
It looks like Tom and Mary are discouraged.
Tom and Mary said they've been told not do that.
It looks as if Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary said they've been to Boston before.
It looked like Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary said they've been asked to do that.
It looked like Tom and Mary were impressed.
Tom and Mary said they're trying to lose weight.
Your names are Tom and Mary, aren't they?
It looked like Tom and Mary were horrified.
Tom and Mary said they're sure John can do that.
It looked like Tom and Mary were disgusted.
Is that really what Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary said they're glad you weren't hurt.
Is it true that Tom and Mary are in prison?
Tom and Mary said they're determined to do that.
Is it next Monday that Tom and Mary return?
Tom and Mary said they'll try to do that for me.
If Tom and Mary want me to do that, I will.
Tom and Mary said they'll never quit doing that.
If Tom and Mary don't swim, I won't either.
Tom and Mary said they'd think about doing that.
If Tom and Mary do that, I'll do that, too.
Tom and Mary said they'd see what they could do.
I've got what Tom and Mary are looking for.
Tom and Mary said they'd see what could be done.
I've found out what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not do that now.
I'm very sure Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd probably do that today.
I'm sure Tom and Mary want to live with us.
Tom and Mary said they'd prefer to stay at home.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary said they'd never let John do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to hate me.
Tom and Mary said they'd never done that before.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary weren't there.
Tom and Mary said they'd never agree to do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to live in Boston.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me load the truck.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary said they'd help John do that, too.
I'm not sure that's what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary said they'd come over this evening.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary want to go there.
Tom and Mary said they'd be thrilled to do that.
I'm not quite sure where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary said they'd be in Boston next week.
I'm not as rich as Tom and Mary think I am.
Tom and Mary said they'd also help John do that.
I'm happy Tom and Mary have come back home.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't want to do that.
I'm glad Tom and Mary were able to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't wait any longer.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are going to help us.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't like to do that.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are going to college.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that anymore.
I'm better at French than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they won't ever do that again.
I'm about the same age as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they won't attend the meeting.
I'm about as qualified as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they wished you would do that.
I'll wait here until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they wished you could do that.
I'll see that Tom and Mary get the message.
Tom and Mary said they wished they'd eaten more.
I'll see if Tom and Mary want to come over.
Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to go home.
I'll see if Tom and Mary have enough money.
Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to give up.
I'll do anything Tom and Mary ask me to do.
Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to do that.
I'd never seen Tom and Mary do that before.
Tom and Mary said they weren't planning to stay.
I'd like to think Tom and Mary are friends.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to help us.
I'd like to be as rich as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to do that.
I'd be surprised if Tom and Mary don't win.
Tom and Mary said they weren't afraid of snakes.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were so confused.
Tom and Mary said they were too weak to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were so careless.
Tom and Mary said they were too lazy to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary haven't come yet.
Tom and Mary said they were too busy to do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary said they were tired of doing that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't want to go.
Tom and Mary said they were thrilled to be back.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so impatient.
Tom and Mary said they were terrified of snakes.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so exhausted.
Tom and Mary said they were mugged by three men.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so depressed.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping we'd do that.
I wonder when Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they were happy they did that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are waiting for.
Tom and Mary said they were finished doing that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are reading now.
Tom and Mary said they were feeling pretty good.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are looking for.
Tom and Mary said they were enjoying themselves.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are going to do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to get some sleep.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want to buy a car.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be cooperative.
I wonder if Tom and Mary like Chinese food.
Tom and Mary said they think John won't do that.
I wish I knew what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary said they think John can't do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were sick.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't have done that.
I wasn't able to make Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they really regret doing that.
I wasn't able to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they really didn't understand.
I was on the same bus as Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they now regret that decision.
I warned you that Tom and Mary were coming.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get some sleep.
I wanted to make Tom and Mary feel at home.
Tom and Mary said they needed to get more sleep.
I want to wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they hoped they could do that.
I want to see what Tom and Mary want first.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John would do that.
I want to know where Tom and Mary are from.
Tom and Mary said they hoped John could do that.
I thought that Tom and Mary weren't guilty.
Tom and Mary said they hope to change that soon.
I thought that Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they hope that'll happen soon.
I thought that Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Tom and Mary said they heard somebody screaming.
I thought Tom and Mary were in big trouble.
Tom and Mary said they had to help John do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were having a party.
Tom and Mary said they had the right to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were good at French.
Tom and Mary said they felt they had to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were doing that now.
Tom and Mary said they expected John to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were being stubborn.
Tom and Mary said they don't go camping anymore.
I thought Tom and Mary were afraid to swim.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to work late.
I think we both know how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think I'd do that.
I think that Tom and Mary haven't left yet.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know who did that.
I think Tom and Mary were pretty exhausted.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know anybody here.
I think Tom and Mary were hiding something.
Tom and Mary said they didn't intend to do that.
I think Tom and Mary want something to eat.
Tom and Mary said they didn't help John do that.
I think Tom and Mary still have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough money.
I think Tom and Mary just want to be alone.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like dancing.
I think Tom and Mary have to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do that yesterday.
I think Tom and Mary have done this before.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do anything wrong.
I think Tom and Mary have done that before.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe in ghosts.
I think Tom and Mary have done a great job.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't wait any longer.
I think Tom and Mary have a long way to go.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do that anymore.
I think Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they could've done that alone.
I think Tom and Mary don't swim very often.
I think Tom and Mary don't know what to do.
Tom and Mary said they almost forgot to do that.
I think Tom and Mary aren't doing that now.
Tom and Mary said their new car cost them a lot.
I think Tom and Mary are very good players.
Tom and Mary said that wasn't why they did that.
I think Tom and Mary are very disorganized.
Tom and Mary said that they won't do that again.
I think Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very sleepy.
I think Tom and Mary are still unimpressed.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't ready to go.
I think Tom and Mary are still unconvinced.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't intoxicated.
I think Tom and Mary are still unconscious.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't embarrassed.
I think Tom and Mary are smarter than that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't discouraged.
I think Tom and Mary are overly optimistic.
Tom and Mary said that they were very surprised.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very skeptical.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to be late.
Tom and Mary said that they were very satisfied.
I think Tom and Mary are in the front yard.
Tom and Mary said that they were very irritated.
I think Tom and Mary are going to call you.
Tom and Mary said that they were very intrigued.
I think Tom and Mary are expecting us both.
Tom and Mary said that they were very impressed.
I think Tom and Mary agree with me on this.
Tom and Mary said that they were very concerned.
I think I know what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary said that they were really worried.
I think I couldn't do what Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary said that they were really unlucky.
I speak French better than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said that they were really unhappy.
I should've let Tom and Mary do that first.
Tom and Mary said that they were really thirsty.
I really thought Tom and Mary were doctors.
Tom and Mary said that they were really nervous.
I only know that Tom and Mary aren't happy.
Tom and Mary said that they were really jealous.
I often eat the same thing Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said that they were really curious.
I need to leave before Tom and Mary arrive.
Tom and Mary said that they were ready to leave.
I need to know that Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary said that they were claustrophobic.
I need to find out where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary said that they were a little tired.
I need to find out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to meet John.
I know why Tom and Mary don't want to sing.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to help John.
I know what Tom and Mary were trying to do.
Tom and Mary said that they saw John doing that.
I know what Tom and Mary are talking about.
Tom and Mary said that they intended to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary have been injured.
Tom and Mary said that they found that exciting.
I know that Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't believe it.
I know that Tom and Mary are overconfident.
Tom and Mary reluctantly did that by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are likely to win.
Tom and Mary regret that they agreed to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are irresponsible.
Tom and Mary quickly made themselves sandwiches.
I know that Tom and Mary are inconsiderate.
Tom and Mary promised they'd do that right away.
I know that Tom and Mary are afraid of you.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd teach me French.
I know now that Tom and Mary were mistaken.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd be here by 2:30.
I know exactly what Tom and Mary are up to.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd be careful.
I know Tom and Mary were your best friends.
Tom and Mary probably walked home by themselves.
I know Tom and Mary have to leave tomorrow.
Tom and Mary plan to go to Boston by themselves.
I know Tom and Mary have had some problems.
Tom and Mary pawned the jewelry that they stole.
I know Tom and Mary have a house in Boston.
Tom and Mary never told me where they were from.
I know Tom and Mary don't want to be there.
Tom and Mary never explained why they were late.
I know Tom and Mary aren't very happy here.
Tom and Mary never did what we asked them to do.
I know Tom and Mary are in lots of trouble.
Tom and Mary never did what they said they'd do.
I know Tom and Mary are going to hate this.
Tom and Mary needed our help, so we helped them.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't really experts.
Tom and Mary need all the practice they can get.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't ready to leave.
Tom and Mary must've gone fishing by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't likely to lose.
Tom and Mary might get punished if they do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at sports.
Tom and Mary might get arrested if they do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at French.
Tom and Mary met John while they were in Boston.
I knew Tom and Mary were telling the truth.
Tom and Mary made up their minds not to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary were holding out on me.
Tom and Mary looked like they were going to cry.
I just wish Tom and Mary were happier here.
Tom and Mary looked like they were disappointed.
I just want to know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary look like they're tired of waiting.
I just need to know what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary look like they're in a lot of pain.
I just can't believe Tom and Mary are gone.
Tom and Mary look like they're having a bad day.
I just can't believe Tom and Mary are dead.
Tom and Mary liked swimming when they were kids.
I hope Tom and Mary don't agree to do that.
Tom and Mary landed themselves really nice jobs.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't still mad at me.
Tom and Mary know they sometimes drink too much.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't still in Boston.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't have said that.
I hope Tom and Mary are willing to do that.
Tom and Mary know that they should do that soon.
I hope Tom and Mary are through doing that.
Tom and Mary know exactly what they ought to do.
I hope Tom and Mary are having a good time.
Tom and Mary knew what they were supposed to do.
I heard that Tom and Mary are in Australia.
Tom and Mary knew they'd probably said too much.
I heard that Tom and Mary are back in town.
Tom and Mary knew they were supposed to do that.
I heard someone say Tom and Mary were sick.
Tom and Mary knew they no longer had to do that.
I have no idea why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary knew they had to help John do that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were doing that.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd be busy on Monday.
I go to the same school as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary killed themselves three nights ago.
I found out that Tom and Mary were wealthy.
Tom and Mary killed themselves three months ago.
I doubt that Tom and Mary have any enemies.
Tom and Mary hid themselves behind a large rock.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still sleepy.
Tom and Mary helped whoever asked them for help.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still scared.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they want.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still hungry.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told us what they need.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still asleep.
Tom and Mary haven't done that again, have they?
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still afraid.
Tom and Mary have said they won't do that again.
I doubt if Tom and Mary have done that yet.
Tom and Mary have promised that they'll do that.
I don't watch TV much, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary have never done that by themselves.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are hungry.
Tom and Mary have finished eating, haven't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary were very happy.
Tom and Mary have done what we asked them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to see you.
Tom and Mary have done what they promised to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary have done that again, haven't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary understand that.
Tom and Mary have been told they should do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary have already told me how they feel.
I don't think Tom and Mary need bodyguards.
Tom and Mary have already bought what they want.
I don't think Tom and Mary like to do that.
Tom and Mary have already bought what they need.
I don't think Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary have a younger brother, don't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary have a lot of problems, don't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary know we're here.
Tom and Mary have a lot of friends to help them.
I don't think Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary have a car, but they seldom use it.
I don't think Tom and Mary do that anymore.
Tom and Mary have a car, but they rarely use it.
I don't think Tom and Mary are trustworthy.
Tom and Mary had the right to defend themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
Tom and Mary got tired of waiting, so they left.
I don't think Tom and Mary are still alive.
Tom and Mary got sick because they ate too much.
I don't think Tom and Mary are retired yet.
Tom and Mary enjoy doing that with their family.
I don't think Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
Tom and Mary don't want you to do that for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are intimidated.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that on their own.
I don't think Tom and Mary are embarrassed.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll be able to win.
I don't think Tom and Mary are discouraged.
Tom and Mary don't think they can do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are coming back.
Tom and Mary don't think John did that, do they?
I don't really care what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary don't think I can do that, do they?
I don't like swimming, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary don't really know how old they are.
I don't like broccoli, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary don't really believe that, do they?
I don't know why Tom and Mary aren't happy.
Tom and Mary don't realize what they need to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are so upset.
Tom and Mary don't know if they have to do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are so tired.
Tom and Mary don't know how to do that, do they?
I don't know why Tom and Mary are so angry.
Tom and Mary don't know how they should do that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary were going.
Tom and Mary don't have to do that now, do they?
I don't know where Tom and Mary want to go.
Tom and Mary don't ever come here by themselves.
I don't know where Tom and Mary need to go.
Tom and Mary don't do that the way they used to.
I don't know where Tom and Mary have to go.
Tom and Mary do that because they want to do it.
I don't know what Tom and Mary want to eat.
Tom and Mary do that because they love doing it.
I don't know what Tom and Mary want to buy.
Tom and Mary do know the difference, don't they?
I don't know what Tom and Mary really want.
Tom and Mary do know how to do that, don't they?
I don't know what Tom and Mary do nowadays.
Tom and Mary didn't want me to do that for them.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are reading.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John why they did that.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are cooking.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were unhappy.
I don't get up as early as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were married.
I don't even know how old Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were leaving.
I don't care who Tom and Mary give this to.
Tom and Mary didn't take much luggage with them.
I don't care who Tom and Mary do that with.
Tom and Mary didn't say why they didn't do that.
I don't believe Tom and Mary are qualified.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they should do that.
I do think that Tom and Mary are dangerous.
Tom and Mary didn't realize they had to do that.
I didn't want to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary didn't need to go there themselves.
I didn't think that Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary didn't know they shouldn't do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary didn't know they needed to do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't know if they had to do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were impressed.
Tom and Mary didn't have a lot to say, did they?
I didn't say Tom and Mary weren't involved.
Tom and Mary didn't go snorkeling by themselves.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were unhappy.
Tom and Mary didn't do what you told them to do.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were so rich.
Tom and Mary didn't do what we asked them to do.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were serious.
Tom and Mary didn't do what they said they'd do.
I didn't like what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary didn't do what I wanted them to do.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary were so sad.
Tom and Mary didn't do that very fast, did they?
I didn't know why Tom and Mary were absent.
Tom and Mary didn't actually do that themselves.
I didn't know what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary did that because they were told to.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were upset.
Tom and Mary did that because John told them to.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary did exactly what I told them to do.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary did everything we asked them to do.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary deny that they did that on purpose.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were suspicious.
Tom and Mary denied that they'd stolen anything.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so worried.
Tom and Mary denied that they agreed to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so selfish.
Tom and Mary decided to let me do that for them.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so nervous.
Tom and Mary decided that they wouldn't do that.
I could sense that Tom and Mary were upset.
Tom and Mary couldn't explain how they did that.
I can't tell you why Tom and Mary are late.
Tom and Mary couldn't come because they're sick.
I can't believe Tom and Mary aren't coming.
Tom and Mary could try doing that by themselves.
I can't believe I let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary could get injured if they did that.
I can see why Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary could get arrested if they do that.
I can see why Tom and Mary don't like that.
Tom and Mary could do that again if they had to.
I believe Tom and Mary are looking for you.
Tom and Mary contradict themselves all the time.
I always thought Tom and Mary were so cool.
Tom and Mary claim they've done that many times.
I always said Tom and Mary were smart kids.
Tom and Mary claim they never wanted to do that.
I already know what Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary claim they didn't agree to do that.
I already know what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary certainly knows what they're doing.
How often are Tom and Mary late for school?
Tom and Mary caught sight of their best friends.
How many years were Tom and Mary in Boston?
Tom and Mary can't have done that by themselves.
How many times have Tom and Mary done that?
Tom and Mary can't fix everything by themselves.
How many times have Tom and Mary been here?
Tom and Mary can stay here as long as they like.
How long were Tom and Mary in the hospital?
Tom and Mary can sit next to me if they want to.
How long have Tom and Mary lived in Boston?
Tom and Mary can do that with their eyes closed.
How long have Tom and Mary been doing that?
Tom and Mary bought themselves new toothbrushes.
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to wait?
Tom and Mary assured us that they could do that.
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to stay?
Tom and Mary assured me that they could do that.
How do Tom and Mary feel about all of this?
Tom and Mary asked me to go to Boston with them.
How can you tell if Tom and Mary are lying?
Tom and Mary asked John why they had to do that.
How can you tell Tom and Mary aren't happy?
Tom and Mary aren't willing to go by themselves.
Have Tom and Mary report to me immediately.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they can do that again.
Have Tom and Mary ever eaten at your house?
Tom and Mary aren't going to let that stop them.
Have Tom and Mary been to see you recently?
Tom and Mary aren't as old as they say they are.
Explain to me why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary aren't as happy as they seem to be.
Don't do that until Tom and Mary get there.
Tom and Mary are your best friends, aren't they?
Don't be surprised if Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are younger than they say they are.
Don't Tom and Mary enjoy watching baseball?
Tom and Mary are well paid for the work they do.
Do you think Tom and Mary were embarrassed?
Tom and Mary are wearing the hats you gave them.
Do you think Tom and Mary know how to swim?
Tom and Mary are warming themselves by the fire.
Do you think Tom and Mary enjoy doing that?
Tom and Mary are waiting for their test results.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still sleepy?
Tom and Mary are very sure they need to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still single?
Tom and Mary are very sure they have to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still scared?
Tom and Mary are very picky about what they eat.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still lonely?
Tom and Mary are very fussy about what they eat.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still hungry?
Tom and Mary are very conservative, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still asleep?
Tom and Mary are used to getting what they want.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still afraid?
Tom and Mary are unlikely to come by themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary are really there?
Tom and Mary are telling the truth, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are really sorry?
Tom and Mary are taking good care of themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary are going to win?
Tom and Mary are supposed to do that themselves.
Do you still think Tom and Mary are guilty?
Tom and Mary are richer than you think they are.
Do you really think Tom and Mary were rude?
Tom and Mary are prepared for this, aren't they?
Do you really think Tom and Mary were fair?
Tom and Mary are particular about what they eat.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are wrong?
Tom and Mary are only pretending they're asleep.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are upset?
Tom and Mary are older than I thought they were.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are tough?
Tom and Mary are lucky they didn't get punished.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are tired?
Tom and Mary are lucky they didn't get arrested.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are spies?
Tom and Mary are hoping we'll do that with them.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are right?
Tom and Mary are going to get themselves killed.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are ready?
Tom and Mary are going to do that by themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are happy?
Tom and Mary are already in Boston, aren't they?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are funny?
Tom and Mary always do that when they're scared.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are drunk?
Tom and Mary almost never do that by themselves.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are crazy?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been mistaken.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are broke?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been drinking.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are brave?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been careless.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are bored?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were prejudiced.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are awake?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were frightened.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are angry?
Tom and Mary admit they were skeptical at first.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are alone?
This is where Tom and Mary told us to meet them.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are alive?
This is just what Tom and Mary said they wanted.
Do you know why Tom and Mary were arrested?
There's no way Tom and Mary did that themselves.
Do you know why Tom and Mary don't like me?
Please tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
Do you know where Tom and Mary were hiding?
Just tell Tom and Mary what you want them to do.
Do you know where Tom and Mary play tennis?
It looks like Tom and Mary got what they wanted.
Do you know what Tom and Mary were wearing?
I'll let Tom and Mary know you want to see them.
Do Tom and Mary usually study after dinner?
I'll do that for Tom and Mary if they ask me to.
Do Tom and Mary understand what's going on?
I'd never forgive Tom and Mary if they did that.
Do Tom and Mary understand what I'm saying?
I told Tom and Mary that they shouldn't do that.
Do Tom and Mary think that's what you want?
I told Tom and Mary that they needed to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still want us to help John?
I told Tom and Mary I'd spend the day with them.
Do Tom and Mary still want to go to Boston?
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't do that for them.
Do Tom and Mary still want to do that, too?
I told Tom and Mary I wouldn't allow them to go.
Do Tom and Mary still want me to help John?
I think Tom and Mary said they were from Boston.
Do Tom and Mary still need a place to stay?
I should tell Tom and Mary what they need to do.
Do Tom and Mary still drive station wagons?
I let Tom and Mary do that anytime they want to.
Do Tom and Mary still do that the same way?
I know that Tom and Mary expect me to help them.
Do Tom and Mary often go on business trips?
I know Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know why you're doing this?
I just told Tom and Mary why I didn't like them.
Do Tom and Mary know where you bought that?
I hope Tom and Mary like what I bought for them.
Do Tom and Mary know we can't speak French?
I hope Tom and Mary did what we told them to do.
Do Tom and Mary know that you're going out?
I hope Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know how to play the piano?
I don't want Tom and Mary to swim by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary have to pay for everything?
I asked Tom and Mary why they agreed to do that.
Do Tom and Mary have learning disabilities?
How old were Tom and Mary when they passed away?
Do Tom and Mary always speak French to you?
How long do Tom and Mary expect us to help them?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were sleeping?
How did Tom and Mary take it when you told them?
Did you know Tom and Mary were vegetarians?
Have you asked Tom and Mary if they'll be there?
Did you know Tom and Mary are good at golf?
Do Tom and Mary know what you expect them to do?
Could you tell me how old Tom and Mary are?
Do Tom and Mary know we want them to go with us?
Can't you tell that Tom and Mary are upset?
Did you really tell Tom and Mary you hated them?
Can you make sure that Tom and Mary are OK?
Did Tom and Mary tell you where they were going?
As far as I know, Tom and Mary are retired.
Did Tom and Mary say why they agreed to do that?
Are you telling me Tom and Mary don't know?
Did Tom and Mary say who was going to help them?
Are you sure that's what Tom and Mary want?
Did Tom and Mary say what they did last weekend?
Are you sure Tom and Mary need another one?
Did Tom and Mary say they were going to do that?
Are you Tom and Mary Jackson by any chance?
Did Tom and Mary know we wanted them to do that?
Are Tom and Mary well enough to work today?
Did Tom and Mary actually do that by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary studying French at school?
Could Tom and Mary have done that by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary still studying at Harvard?
Are you sure Tom and Mary will let us help them?
Are Tom and Mary still planning to do that?
Are Tom and Mary going to do that by themselves?
Are Tom and Mary likely to want to do that?
You can't let Tom and Mary drink by themselves.
Are Tom and Mary going to help you do that?
Why don't you ask Tom and Mary what they think?
Are Tom and Mary going to be home tomorrow?
Who did Tom and Mary say they were looking for?
Actually, Tom and Mary are doing very well.
What're Tom and Mary doing there by themselves?
You're much funnier than Tom and Mary are.
What were Tom and Mary doing when you saw them?
You're almost as tall as Tom and Mary are.
What did Tom and Mary want you to buy for them?
You're a lot taller than Tom and Mary are.
What did Tom and Mary do after they ate dinner?
You're a bit taller than Tom and Mary are.
We'll ask Tom and Mary and see what they think.
You should do what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me where they lived.
You said that Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
Tom and Mary would never do that by themselves.
You never told me Tom and Mary were chefs.
Tom and Mary would do that whenever they could.
You know very well what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary wondered what they should do next.
You don't know what Tom and Mary are like.
Tom and Mary won't tell me when they were born.
You didn't tell me Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary won't sing unless you ask them to.
Why weren't Tom and Mary helping us today?
Tom and Mary won't do what they say they'll do.
Why were Tom and Mary in Boston last week?
Tom and Mary will wait as long as they have to.
Why were Tom and Mary here this afternoon?
Tom and Mary will only do that if they have to.
Why should I care what Tom and Mary think?
Tom and Mary will help you do that, won't they?
Why don't Tom and Mary want to swim today?
Tom and Mary will have to find John themselves.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to go with us?
Tom and Mary will have to do that on their own.
Why don't Tom and Mary want me to do that?
Tom and Mary will eat as soon as they get home.
Why don't Tom and Mary just buy a new one?
Tom and Mary will do what they can to help you.
Why do you think Tom and Mary were killed?
Tom and Mary will do what John told them to do.
Why do you think Tom and Mary were crying?
Tom and Mary will do that only if they have to.
Why do you think Tom and Mary aren't here?
Tom and Mary will do that if John asks them to.
Why do Tom and Mary want to do that today?
Tom and Mary will be sorry they didn't do that.
Why do Tom and Mary want to be carpenters?
Tom and Mary will be happy they didn't do that.
Why do Tom and Mary never have to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't able to defend themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary have to do that today?
Tom and Mary were sure that everybody saw them.
Why did Tom and Mary spend time in prison?
Tom and Mary were lucky John did that for them.
Why aren't Tom and Mary wearing name tags?
Tom and Mary were hoping we'd do that for them.
Why are Tom and Mary reluctant to do that?
Tom and Mary were happy together, weren't they?
Who do Tom and Mary think is going to win?
Tom and Mary were exhausted when they got home.
Who did Tom and Mary plan to give that to?
Tom and Mary were able to buy what they needed.
Who did Tom and Mary plan to do that with?
Tom and Mary wanted me to do that, didn't they?
Who are Tom and Mary going to Boston with?
Tom and Mary want you to buy them tickets, too.
Where do Tom and Mary usually go swimming?
Tom and Mary want to finish what they're doing.
When do Tom and Mary have to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary very seldom do that by themselves.
When do Tom and Mary expect us to do that?
Tom and Mary very rarely do that by themselves.
When are Tom and Mary supposed to do that?
Tom and Mary usually keep things to themselves.
When are Tom and Mary supposed to be here?
Tom and Mary tried to relax, but they couldn't.
What'll you do when Tom and Mary get here?
Tom and Mary told you to say that, didn't they?
What were Tom and Mary doing at that time?
Tom and Mary told us they wanted to go with us.
What time are Tom and Mary picking you up?
Tom and Mary told us they couldn't eat peanuts.
What makes you think Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary told me you're going to help them.
What have Tom and Mary been doing all day?
Tom and Mary told me why they couldn't do that.
What exactly do Tom and Mary have in mind?
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that themselves.
What exactly are Tom and Mary going to do?
Tom and Mary told me they'd be here about 2:30.
What do you think Tom and Mary were up to?
Tom and Mary told me they'd be glad to help me.
What do you think Tom and Mary want to do?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't sick anymore.
What do you think Tom and Mary plan to do?
Tom and Mary told me they were teaching French.
What do you think Tom and Mary need to do?
Tom and Mary told me they were studying French.
What do Tom and Mary have to do with this?
Tom and Mary told me they were home last night.
What are Tom and Mary doing for Christmas?
Tom and Mary told me they were going to Boston.
Were Tom and Mary the ones who let you in?
Tom and Mary told me they wanted me to do that.
Were Tom and Mary not supposed to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they want to go to Boston.
We're lucky Tom and Mary are here to help.
Tom and Mary told me they lived on Park Street.
We have to make sure Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary told me they don't have much time.
We have to find it before Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like swimming.
We don't even know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me they bought these for you.
We don't even know what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary told me that they'll be back soon.
We both know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd rather not go.
We all knew Tom and Mary weren't bluffing.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd been forgiven.
Watch what Tom and Mary do very carefully.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd been careless.
Tom and Mary will be helping John do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd already eaten.
Tom and Mary weren't telling us the truth.
Tom and Mary told me that they were very tired.
Tom and Mary weren't looking for sympathy.
Tom and Mary told me that they were unemployed.
Tom and Mary were with us the entire time.
Tom and Mary told me that they were suspicious.
Tom and Mary were waiting for a tow truck.
Tom and Mary told me that they were interested.
Tom and Mary were arrested for kidnapping.
Tom and Mary told me that they were frustrated.
Tom and Mary took a walk in the moonlight.
Tom and Mary told me that they were frightened.
Tom and Mary think John isn't influential.
Tom and Mary told John why they had to do that.
Tom and Mary still want to be on our team.
Tom and Mary told John why they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary still don't know who John is.
Tom and Mary told John to do that, didn't they?
Tom and Mary probably have food poisoning.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't tired.
Tom and Mary need to do a bit of shopping.
Tom and Mary told John that they weren't happy.
Tom and Mary like to study in the library.
Tom and Mary told John that they were unafraid.
Tom and Mary like both Boston and Chicago.
Tom and Mary told John that they were ticklish.
Tom and Mary have to do a bit of shopping.
Tom and Mary told John that they were teachers.
Tom and Mary have stopped going to church.
Tom and Mary told John that they were prepared.
Tom and Mary have made a very big mistake.
Tom and Mary told John that they were innocent.
Tom and Mary have done something very bad.
Tom and Mary told John that they were confused.
Tom and Mary have done something terrible.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to do that.
Tom and Mary have been to Australia twice.
Tom and Mary think they could probably do that.
Tom and Mary have been managing just fine.
Tom and Mary swore they wouldn't do that today.
Tom and Mary have asked us not to do that.
Tom and Mary swore they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary have asked me to talk to you.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd never done that.
Tom and Mary have asked me for some money.
Tom and Mary stood in the corner by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to study medicine.
Tom and Mary still want to do that, don't they?
Tom and Mary don't want to stay in Boston.
Tom and Mary still need to do that, don't they?
Tom and Mary don't want to speak with you.
Tom and Mary still have to do that, don't they?
Tom and Mary don't want to see that movie.
Tom and Mary shut themselves up in their rooms.
Tom and Mary don't want to play billiards.
Tom and Mary should've done that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to go there again.
Tom and Mary should have John do that for them.
Tom and Mary don't want to eat fried rice.
Tom and Mary seemed surprised when I told them.
Tom and Mary don't want to come to Boston.
Tom and Mary seem very pleased with themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to become doctors.
Tom and Mary seem to know what they need to do.
Tom and Mary don't want to be pharmacists.
Tom and Mary seem to be enjoying their new job.
Tom and Mary don't want to be celebrities.
Tom and Mary say you talked them into doing it.
Tom and Mary don't understand much French.
Tom and Mary say you still won't speak to them.
Tom and Mary don't really know what to do.
Tom and Mary say they've done that three times.
Tom and Mary don't like this kind of food.
Tom and Mary say they've been to Boston before.
Tom and Mary don't know much about tennis.
Tom and Mary say they've been asked to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know how to enjoy life.
Tom and Mary say they've already learned a lot.
Tom and Mary bought three bottles of wine.
Tom and Mary aren't used to wearing shoes.
Tom and Mary say they're glad you're all right.
Tom and Mary aren't used to the food here.
Tom and Mary say they're feeling kind of tired.
Tom and Mary aren't trying to impress you.
Tom and Mary say they're almost ready to leave.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to leave yet.
Tom and Mary say they'll still be here at 2:30.
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to have that.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't stubborn like you are.
Tom and Mary say they'd never agree to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to wait for you.
Tom and Mary say they wouldn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let John die.
Tom and Mary say they won't ask you to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to buy that car.
Tom and Mary say they want more time than that.
Tom and Mary aren't afraid of competition.
Tom and Mary say they walk to school every day.
Tom and Mary are waiting to hear from you.
Tom and Mary say they think they won't do that.
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to leave.
Tom and Mary say they taught themselves French.
Tom and Mary are very proud of all of you.
Tom and Mary say they only want to talk to you.
Tom and Mary are used to having me around.
Tom and Mary say they never thought about that.
Tom and Mary are too old to be doing that.
Tom and Mary say they need more time than that.
Tom and Mary are the people who helped me.
Tom and Mary say they just want to stay in bed.
Tom and Mary are supposed to wait for you.
Tom and Mary say they hope that John does that.
Tom and Mary are supposed to protect John.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot of old stamps.
Tom and Mary are still too young to drink.
Tom and Mary say they don't do that very often.
Tom and Mary are staying at another hotel.
Tom and Mary say they didn't do anything wrong.
Tom and Mary are somewhere in the stadium.
Tom and Mary say they definitely won't do that.
Tom and Mary are really good-looking, too.
Tom and Mary say they believe they can do that.
Tom and Mary are really going to miss you.
Tom and Mary say they appreciate all your help.
Tom and Mary are probably still miserable.
Tom and Mary say the smell doesn't bother them.
Tom and Mary are playing soccer somewhere.
Tom and Mary say the noise doesn't bother them.
Tom and Mary are only in it for the money.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are on the same team as I am.
Tom and Mary say that they'll agree to do that.
Tom and Mary are on a very tight schedule.
Tom and Mary say that they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary are never going to find John.
Tom and Mary say that they were born in Boston.
Tom and Mary are looking for an apartment.
Tom and Mary say that they need to talk to you.
Tom and Mary are likely to let John drive.
Tom and Mary say that they enjoyed the concert.
Tom and Mary are likely to come home soon.
Tom and Mary say that they can be here by 2:30.
Tom and Mary are leaving tomorrow morning.
Tom and Mary said you'd want to talk with them.
Tom and Mary are leaving in a few minutes.
Tom and Mary said they've taught French before.
Tom and Mary are hoping John will say yes.
Tom and Mary said they've seen John doing that.
Tom and Mary are hiding something from me.
Tom and Mary said they've never studied French.
Tom and Mary are going to wait in the car.
Tom and Mary said they've never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary are going to visit Australia.
Tom and Mary said they've been very happy here.
Tom and Mary are going to miss doing this.
Tom and Mary said they've been told to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to miss doing that.
Tom and Mary said they're reluctant to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to miss John a lot.
Tom and Mary are going to lose everything.
Tom and Mary said they're motivated to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to look after John.
Tom and Mary said they're desperate to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd very unlikely do that.
Tom and Mary are going to go get John now.
Tom and Mary said they'd still like to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to freeze to death.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not go with us.
Tom and Mary are going to figure this out.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather come next week.
Tom and Mary are going to be working late.
Tom and Mary said they'd prefer not to do that.
Tom and Mary are going to be needing this.
Tom and Mary said they'd never want to do that.
Tom and Mary are getting ready to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd never let you do that.
Tom and Mary are getting busier every day.
Tom and Mary said they'd never do that to John.
Tom and Mary are excellent bridge players.
Tom and Mary said they'd help you do that, too.
Tom and Mary are done answering questions.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing to do that.
Tom and Mary are doing that the wrong way.
Tom and Mary said they'd be tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary are doing that the right way.
Tom and Mary said they'd also help you do that.
Tom and Mary are doing that for the money.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't try to do that.
Tom and Mary are coming back home tonight.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't try doing that.
Tom and Mary are aware of what's going on.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't let me do that.
Tom and Mary are always arguing with John.
Tom and Mary said they won't come to our party.
Tom and Mary are about the same age as us.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure what to do.
Tom and Mary are a little behind schedule.
Tom and Mary said they weren't having much fun.
This is what Tom and Mary do for a living.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going to Boston.
This is the place where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary said they weren't able to do that.
These are the desks that Tom and Mary use.
Tom and Mary said they were worried about John.
The police say Tom and Mary weren't armed.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to help us.
The good news is that Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to do that.
That's what Tom and Mary were looking for.
Tom and Mary said they were too young to drive.
That's probably why Tom and Mary are late.
Tom and Mary said they were too young to drink.
That's all Tom and Mary really want to do.
Tom and Mary said they were too tired to dance.
Perhaps Tom and Mary want to do that, too.
Tom and Mary said they were too shy to do that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary need to do that, too.
Tom and Mary said they were too old to do that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary have to do that, too.
Tom and Mary said they were through doing that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't use it anymore.
Tom and Mary said they were sick of doing that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary aren't at home today.
Tom and Mary said they were having a good time.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are eating right now.
Tom and Mary said they were going to help John.
People still think Tom and Mary are liars.
Tom and Mary said they were going to Australia.
Obviously, Tom and Mary aren't interested.
Tom and Mary said they were glad they did that.
Maybe Tom and Mary have something to hide.
Tom and Mary said they were glad John did that.
Maybe Tom and Mary have already gone home.
Tom and Mary said they were enjoying the party.
Maybe Tom and Mary have already done that.
Tom and Mary said they were dying to meet John.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't crazy after all.
Tom and Mary said they were curious about that.
Let's see what Tom and Mary have to offer.
Tom and Mary said they were afraid to go there.
Let's see if Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary said they went swimming yesterday.
Let's get Tom and Mary to do that for you.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to join our band.
Let's do that after Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go to the zoo.
It's unclear why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that again.
It's me that Tom and Mary are waiting for.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to buy some soap.
It's good that Tom and Mary agree with us.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be architects.
It's a pity that Tom and Mary are leaving.
Tom and Mary said they wanted something to eat.
It seems that Tom and Mary have been here.
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to be happy.
It seems like Tom and Mary are having fun.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked lonely.
It looks like Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked hungry.
It looks like Tom and Mary have come back.
Tom and Mary said they never wanted to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't at home.
Tom and Mary said they never agreed to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are unemployed.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that today.
It looks like Tom and Mary are suspicious.
Tom and Mary said they knew they could do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are interested.
Tom and Mary said they hope John won't do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are having fun.
Tom and Mary said they heard someone screaming.
It looks like Tom and Mary are distracted.
Tom and Mary said they had no plans to do that.
Is that something Tom and Mary want to do?
Tom and Mary said they had better things to do.
Is it OK with you if Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary said they had a few things to say.
If Tom and Mary ask me to do that, I will.
Tom and Mary said they got back home on Monday.
If Tom and Mary are going, I'm going, too.
Tom and Mary said they found something strange.
I've decided to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they figured I could do that.
I'm very happy that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they felt tempted to do that.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary were even here.
Tom and Mary said they don't care if I do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to watch TV.
I'm sure Tom and Mary know why we're here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to worry.
I'm supposed to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't think they'd win.
I'm sorry Tom and Mary aren't coming back.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember my name.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary speak French.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember a thing.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are teachers.
Tom and Mary said they didn't mean to hurt you.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are bluffing.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know where to go.
I'm only happy when Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know how to swim.
I'm not sure why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have enough time.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any regrets.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary need to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like heroes.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary have to do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like eating.
I'm not going to let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't enjoy doing that.
I'm not as old as Tom and Mary think I am.
Tom and Mary said they didn't eat meat anymore.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary said they can get us what we need.
I'm in charge until Tom and Mary get here.
I'm glad Tom and Mary aren't here anymore.
Tom and Mary said their parents have done that.
I'm assuming Tom and Mary know about this.
Tom and Mary said the smell didn't bother them.
I'll tell you what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary said the noise didn't bother them.
I'll never let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary said that they'd do that tomorrow.
I'll be sure Tom and Mary get the message.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very happy.
I'd like to know how Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't optimistic.
I wonder why Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't interested.
I wonder why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't in a hurry.
I wonder why Tom and Mary like to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very ticklish.
I wonder why Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very grateful.
I wonder why Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very confused.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't here yet.
Tom and Mary said that they were uncomfortable.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are still awake.
Tom and Mary said that they were really sleepy.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so confused.
Tom and Mary said that they were really scared.
I wonder who Tom and Mary were talking to.
Tom and Mary said that they were really lonely.
I wonder who Tom and Mary are waiting for.
Tom and Mary said that they were really hungry.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like Boston.
Tom and Mary said that they were really afraid.
I wonder where Tom and Mary are right now.
Tom and Mary said that they were feeling tired.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are looking at.
Tom and Mary said that they really did do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are doing here.
Tom and Mary said that they had a lot of money.
I wonder how much money Tom and Mary make.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know French.
I wonder how Tom and Mary feel about this.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't swim well.
I won't go unless Tom and Mary go with me.
Tom and Mary said that the smoke bothered them.
I wish that Tom and Mary were still alive.
Tom and Mary said that the smell bothered them.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with us now.
Tom and Mary said that the noise bothered them.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with me now.
Tom and Mary said it didn't bother them at all.
I wish I were as rich as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary reluctantly did as they were told.
I want to see if Tom and Mary are in town.
Tom and Mary regret that they couldn't do that.
I want to make sure Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary realized they'd said way too much.
I want to know where Tom and Mary are now.
Tom and Mary realized they were being followed.
I want to know how Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary quite often do that by themselves.
I want a hug. Tom and Mary want hugs, too.
Tom and Mary promised to keep it to themselves.
I usually get home before Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary promised they'll do that tomorrow.
I told you Tom and Mary aren't my friends.
Tom and Mary promised they'd take care of that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't interested.
Tom and Mary promised they'd help us on Monday.
I thought Tom and Mary were veterinarians.
Tom and Mary promised they'd help John do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were still at home.
Tom and Mary promised they'd do that this week.
I thought Tom and Mary were just bragging.
Tom and Mary promised they won't do that today.
I thought Tom and Mary were here with you.
Tom and Mary promised they won't do that again.
I thought Tom and Mary were funny as well.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd be back soon.
I thought Tom and Mary were carrying guns.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd do that for us.
I think that's where Tom and Mary are now.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't do that.
I think that Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd come back.
I think Tom and Mary work the night shift.
Tom and Mary promised John that they'd do that.
I think Tom and Mary were speaking French.
Tom and Mary prepared themselves for the worst.
I think Tom and Mary were looking for you.
Tom and Mary poured cold water over themselves.
I think Tom and Mary were being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary ought to be ashamed of themselves.
I think Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary only do that because they have to.
I think Tom and Mary want to come with us.
Tom and Mary only did what you told them to do.
I think Tom and Mary need to be told that.
Tom and Mary often eat breakfast by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary know what's at stake.
Tom and Mary never told John they were married.
I think Tom and Mary have to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary never said they wanted to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have started already.
Tom and Mary never forgave themselves for that.
I think Tom and Mary have secret admirers.
Tom and Mary need us to show them the way home.
I think Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary need to finish what they're doing.
I think Tom and Mary have done a nice job.
Tom and Mary need to do that before they leave.
I think Tom and Mary have been very lucky.
Tom and Mary might get injured if they do that.
I think Tom and Mary have already seen it.
Tom and Mary may do that again if they want to.
I think Tom and Mary don't agree with you.
Tom and Mary made their own Halloween costumes.
I think Tom and Mary do that all the time.
Tom and Mary made complete fools of themselves.
I think Tom and Mary aren't in Boston now.
Tom and Mary looked like they were unimpressed.
I think Tom and Mary are still unemployed.
Tom and Mary looked like they were unconvinced.
I think Tom and Mary are still undefeated.
Tom and Mary looked like they were embarrassed.
I think Tom and Mary are still suspicious.
Tom and Mary looked like they were discouraged.
I think Tom and Mary are still optimistic.
Tom and Mary look younger than they really are.
I think Tom and Mary are still interested.
Tom and Mary look thinner than they did before.
I think Tom and Mary are still downstairs.
Tom and Mary look older than they actually are.
I think Tom and Mary are still doing that.
Tom and Mary look like they might start crying.
I think Tom and Mary are still dependable.
Tom and Mary like to keep things to themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are really nice kids.
Tom and Mary like keeping things to themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are pulling your leg.
Tom and Mary lied about what they'd been doing.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to resign.
Tom and Mary know they've got to do that today.
I think Tom and Mary are hiding something.
Tom and Mary know they're going to be punished.
I think Tom and Mary are handling it well.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't do that again.
I think Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary know they don't have long to live.
I think Tom and Mary are going to confess.
Tom and Mary know that what they did was wrong.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be late.
Tom and Mary know precisely what they're doing.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be fine.
Tom and Mary know exactly what they need to do.
I think Tom and Mary are eating right now.
Tom and Mary know exactly what they have to do.
I think Tom and Mary are eager to do that.
Tom and Mary know everyone is waiting for them.
I think Tom and Mary are doing a fine job.
Tom and Mary know John didn't do that for them.
I think Tom and Mary are being reasonable.
Tom and Mary knew they'd made the right choice.
I think Tom and Mary are back from Boston.
Tom and Mary knew they'd done something stupid.
I think Tom and Mary are absolutely right.
Tom and Mary knew they were in serious trouble.
I think Tom and John are terrible fathers.
Tom and Mary knew they were being photographed.
I think I should let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary knew exactly what they were doing.
I think I may know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary knew John would help them do that.
I sure hope Tom and Mary agree to do that.
Tom and Mary killed themselves three years ago.
I suppose you know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary kept their opinions to themselves.
I still don't know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to everyone.
I speak French as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary insisted that we do that for them.
I shouldn't have let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary hurt themselves trying to do that.
I should wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary hid themselves behind the curtain.
I should have Tom and Mary do that for me.
Tom and Mary haven't yet bought what they need.
I really thought Tom and Mary were hungry.
Tom and Mary haven't told me why they did that.
I really hope Tom and Mary are happy here.
Tom and Mary haven't said what they plan to do.
I often do the same thing Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary haven't bought what they need yet.
I never would've let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary have told me they want to do that.
I never knew what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary have told me they need to do that.
I never found out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary have told me they have to do that.
I need to make sure Tom and Mary get paid.
Tom and Mary have to look after themselves now.
I know why Tom and Mary don't like Boston.
Tom and Mary have to finish what they're doing.
I know why Tom and Mary aren't here today.
Tom and Mary have things they still need to do.
I know why Tom and Mary are so successful.
Tom and Mary have things they still have to do.
I know what Tom and Mary are likely to do.
Tom and Mary have their reasons for doing that.
I know that Tom and Mary were unimpressed.
Tom and Mary have lots of friends to help them.
I know that Tom and Mary are undependable.
Tom and Mary have done what we told them to do.
I know that Tom and Mary are disappointed.
Tom and Mary have decided that they'll do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are conservative.
Tom and Mary have been told they have to leave.
I know how hard Tom and Mary have studied.
Tom and Mary have been told they can't do that.
I know Tom and Mary were friends of yours.
Tom and Mary have been to Boston, haven't they?
I know Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary have been in Boston, haven't they?
I know Tom and Mary aren't doing that now.
Tom and Mary have asked us to do that for them.
I know Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary have also said they won't do that.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to do that.
Tom and Mary have a right to defend themselves.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to be late.
Tom and Mary hardly ever talk about themselves.
I knew that Tom and Mary were from Boston.
Tom and Mary hardly ever do that by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very reliable.
Tom and Mary had to go to Boston by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very creative.
Tom and Mary had to admit that they were wrong.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very athletic.
Tom and Mary had the whole place to themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't very artistic.
Tom and Mary had the whole house to themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't related to me.
Tom and Mary got their noses broken in a fight.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't ready to quit.
Tom and Mary got almost everything they wanted.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't likely to win.
Tom and Mary got almost everything they needed.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good students.
Tom and Mary gave away all of their belongings.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at lying.
Tom and Mary fixed the flat tire by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't good at chess.
Tom and Mary finished doing that by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to wait.
Tom and Mary figured they'd be able to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to talk.
Tom and Mary explained why they didn't do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to stop.
Tom and Mary enjoyed themselves at the concert.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to stay.
Tom and Mary ended up doing that by themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to sing.
Tom and Mary eat lunch by themselves every day.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to mind.
Tom and Mary eat hotdogs every chance they get.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to lose.
Tom and Mary don't think they ought to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary were going to do that.
Tom and Mary don't sound so sure of themselves.
I just need to know Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary don't see why they should do that.
I imagine Tom and Mary are very happy now.
Tom and Mary don't remember who told them that.
I hope that Tom and Mary weren't mistaken.
Tom and Mary don't really want me to help them.
I hope that Tom and Mary agree to do that.
Tom and Mary don't often do that by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary were able to help you.
Tom and Mary don't need to go there themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary tell us what happened.
Tom and Mary don't know where they should park.
I hope Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know what made them do that.
I hope Tom and Mary don't need to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know what happened, do they?
I hope Tom and Mary don't make us do that.
Tom and Mary don't know they shouldn't do that.
I hope Tom and Mary don't have to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know if they'll come or not.
I hope Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary don't do that very often, do they?
I hope Tom and Mary aren't waiting for us.
Tom and Mary don't always do what they're told.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't looking for us.
Tom and Mary do most of the work by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't home on Monday.
Tom and Mary do exactly what I tell them to do.
I heard that Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary do everything they're asked to do.
I heard that Tom and Mary have been fired.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they were late.
I hear Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary didn't tell anyone else, did they?
I have no idea where Tom and Mary are now.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were sleepy.
I have information that Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were hungry.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were so strong.
Tom and Mary didn't seem to be happy, did they?
I had no idea Tom and Mary were not happy.
Tom and Mary didn't seem like themselves today.
I figured Tom and Mary weren't old enough.
Tom and Mary didn't say they wanted to do that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are very hungry.
Tom and Mary didn't really mean that, did they?
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still upset.
Tom and Mary didn't mention why they were late.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still tired.
Tom and Mary didn't know where they were going.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still awake.
Tom and Mary didn't do what we told them to do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still angry.
Tom and Mary didn't do what I asked them to do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still alive.
Tom and Mary did whatever we wanted them to do.
I don't think that Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary did that the way you told them to.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary did that because you told them to.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary did that as quickly as they could.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary couldn't take their eyes off John.
I don't think Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary couldn't get the jobs they wanted.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to see me.
Tom and Mary could do everything by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a brother.
Tom and Mary can't run as fast as they used to.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy swimming.
Tom and Mary can't do everything by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are very lucky.
Tom and Mary can't do anything right, can they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are unfriendly.
Tom and Mary can't blame anyone but themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are that weird.
Tom and Mary can still take care of themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are suspicious.
Tom and Mary can do that again if they want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
Tom and Mary can come with you if they want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary are overweight.
Tom and Mary bought themselves new sports cars.
I don't think Tom and Mary are interested.
Tom and Mary ate the whole pizza by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are happy here.
Tom and Mary ate something that made them sick.
I don't think Tom and Mary are going away.
Tom and Mary asked me when they should do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are frightened.
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd mind helping them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are downstairs.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what else they can do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they ought to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are dependable.
Tom and Mary aren't really enjoying themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are busy today.
Tom and Mary aren't going to sell their houses.
I don't think Tom and Mary agree with you.
Tom and Mary aren't going to make it, are they?
I don't really care what Tom and Mary buy.
Tom and Mary aren't going to do that, are they?
I don't like the way Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that again, are they?
I don't like it when Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary aren't as rich as they used to be.
I don't know why Tom and Mary were crying.
Tom and Mary aren't as happy as they should be.
I don't know why Tom and Mary were absent.
Tom and Mary aren't as fast as they used to be.
I don't know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary aren't as busy as they used to be.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are so busy.
Tom and Mary are worried that they'll get lost.
I don't know where Tom and Mary were born.
Tom and Mary are very sure they should do that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary have gone.
Tom and Mary are very nice people, aren't they?
I don't know where Tom and Mary have been.
Tom and Mary are very competitive, aren't they?
I don't know where Tom and Mary are going.
Tom and Mary are usually punctual, aren't they?
I don't know what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary are unwilling to go by themselves.
I don't know what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary are staying with you, aren't they?
I don't know what Tom and Mary need to do.
Tom and Mary are really younger than they look.
I don't know what Tom and Mary have to do.
Tom and Mary are really obnoxious, aren't they?
I don't know how old Tom and Mary are now.
Tom and Mary are really conceited, aren't they?
I don't even know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary are really ambitious, aren't they?
I don't eat as quickly as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary are ready to do that, aren't they?
I don't drink coffee, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary are quite overweight, aren't they?
I don't care if Tom and Mary go to prison.
Tom and Mary are pretty conceited, aren't they?
I didn't think Tom and Mary were that fat.
Tom and Mary are pretty ambitious, aren't they?
I didn't think Tom and Mary were sleeping.
Tom and Mary are painting the house themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were innocent.
Tom and Mary are older than you think they are.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were confused.
Tom and Mary are obviously enjoying themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were careless.
Tom and Mary are lucky they didn't get injured.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary were upset.
Tom and Mary are keeping their fingers crossed.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary are in trouble. Can you help them?
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were sick.
Tom and Mary are hoping we'll do that for them.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary are happy traveling by themselves.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary are going to do whatever they can.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were that fast.
Tom and Mary are going to do the best they can.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so scared.
Tom and Mary are going to do that on their own.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so lonely.
Tom and Mary are friends of yours, aren't they?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were next door.
Tom and Mary are exactly where they need to be.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary are doing that for their children.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Tom and Mary are busier than they've ever been.
I didn't even know Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary are able to do that by themselves.
I could see Tom and Mary were still alive.
Tom and Mary are a little nervous, aren't they?
I certainly hope Tom and Mary wait for me.
Tom and Mary are a little jealous, aren't they?
I certainly hope Tom and Mary don't leave.
Tom and Mary apparently did that by themselves.
I can't leave until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary always carry harmonicas with them.
I can see why Tom and Mary don't like you.
Tom and Mary already know what they need to do.
I bet Tom and Mary would be good teachers.
Tom and Mary admitted they weren't really sick.
I believe that Tom and Mary aren't guilty.
Tom and Mary admitted they had help doing that.
I assumed Tom and Mary were still at home.
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been naughty.
How old were Tom and Mary in this picture?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been foolish.
How many sandwiches did Tom and Mary make?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were terrified.
How long were Tom and Mary here yesterday?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were impressed.
How long have Tom and Mary studied French?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were exhausted.
How long have Tom and Mary been like this?
Tom and Mary admitted that they didn't do that.
How long have Tom and Mary been in Boston?
Tom and John were there with their girlfriends.
How long did Tom and Mary date each other?
That's all Tom and Mary said they needed to do.
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't lying?
Tell Tom and Mary you're too busy to help them.
How do you know Tom and Mary aren't happy?
Tell Tom and Mary not to do that by themselves.
How do you know Tom and Mary are bluffing?
Tell Tom and Mary I'll pick them up on the way.
Haven't Tom and Mary said anything to you?
Tell Tom and Mary I don't want to talk to them.
Have Tom and Mary tried doing this before?
Please tell Tom and Mary where they need to go.
Have Tom and Mary finished doing that yet?
Please tell Tom and Mary they ought to do that.
Have Tom and Mary ever done that with you?
Maybe Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Have Tom and Mary come to Boston recently?
Is it true that Tom and Mary killed themselves?
Have Tom and Mary been to Boston recently?
Is Tom and Mary going to do that by themselves?
Have Tom and Mary already left for Boston?
If Tom and Mary were here, they could help you.
Have Tom and Mary actually ever used this?
If Tom and Mary had more money, they'd do that.
Have Tom and Mary actually ever done that?
I'll tell Tom and Mary you're looking for them.
Fortunately, Tom and Mary are still alive.
I'll help Tom and Mary do what they need to do.
Find out what Tom and Mary are doing here.
I'll ask Tom and Mary the next time I see them.
Even Tom and Mary were somewhat impressed.
I won't tell Tom and Mary what they need to do.
Even Tom and Mary don't know about it yet.
I wanted Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
Don't you think Tom and Mary eat too much?
I think Tom and Mary should do that themselves.
Don't worry about what Tom and Mary think.
I think Tom and Mary really enjoyed themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary want to eat now?
I think Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary want to do that?
I promised Tom and Mary that I'd wait for them.
Do you think Tom and Mary need to do that?
I hope Tom and Mary will do that by themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary like to do that?
I don't think Tom and Mary know where they are.
Do you think Tom and Mary like doing that?
I don't think Tom and Mary know what they want.
Do you think Tom and Mary know who we are?
I don't let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary have to do that?
I asked Tom and Mary if they'd mind doing that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are sympathetic?
Do you know why Tom and Mary killed themselves?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still upset?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they were leaving?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still tired?
Did you ask Tom and Mary if they could do that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still awake?
Did anybody ask Tom and Mary why they did that?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still angry?
Did Tom and Mary tell you where they bought it?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still alone?
Did Tom and Mary say who they'd be coming with?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still alive?
Did Tom and Mary say where we should meet them?
Do you think Tom and Mary are lying to us?
Did Tom and Mary say when they'd come to visit?
Do you think Tom and Mary are influential?
Did Tom and Mary say they thought that was fun?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are well?
Did Tom and Mary say they had to do that today?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are ugly?
Did Tom and Mary really go there by themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are sick?
Did Tom and Mary know I wanted them to do that?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are safe?
Did Tom and Mary figure that out by themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are rich?
Did Tom and Mary drive to Boston by themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are poor?
Call Tom and Mary and tell them you'll be late.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are lost?
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll be here tomorrow.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are home?
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll attend the meeting.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are here?
You should let Tom and Mary do what they want.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are dead?
You ought to ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are cute?
You gave Tom and Mary what they needed, right?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are cold?
Will Tom and Mary be doing that by themselves?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are busy?
Why didn't Tom and Mary do that by themselves?
Do you know why Tom and Mary were unhappy?
Who told Tom and Mary that they could do that?
Do you know where Tom and Mary want to go?
Who did Tom and Mary ask to help them do that?
Do you know where Tom and Mary need to go?
What you said to Tom and Mary made them angry.
Do you know where Tom and Mary have to go?
What time did Tom and Mary say they'd be here?
Do you know what room Tom and Mary are in?
What did you tell Tom and Mary they had to do?
Do you know what Tom and Mary were hiding?
What did Tom and Mary tell you they had to do?
Do Tom and Mary think that's what we want?
Were Tom and Mary able to get their car fixed?
Do Tom and Mary still want to leave today?
Tom's and Mary's shoes are too small for them.
Do Tom and Mary still want to eat with us?
Tom and Mary wrapped towels around themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still tell you what to do?
Tom and Mary wouldn't tell me where they went.
Do Tom and Mary still tell you everything?
Tom and Mary wouldn't go hiking by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still really believe that?
Tom and Mary would've told us if they'd known.
Do Tom and Mary still need places to stay?
Tom and Mary would've stayed if they could've.
Do Tom and Mary still look nervous to you?
Tom and Mary wondered why they'd been invited.
Do Tom and Mary still live on Park Street?
Tom and Mary won't have to do that themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still have a summer house?
Tom and Mary won't go even if they're invited.
Do Tom and Mary still get paid to do that?
Tom and Mary won't admit that they were wrong.
Do Tom and Mary still buy you nice things?
Tom and Mary wish they didn't have to do that.
Do Tom and Mary really want us to do that?
Tom and Mary wiped their hands on their jeans.
Do Tom and Mary need to do that every day?
Tom and Mary will do that as soon as they can.
Do Tom and Mary need to be doing that now?
Tom and Mary will be very sorry they did that.
Do Tom and Mary know where the others are?
Tom and Mary will be very happy they did that.
Do Tom and Mary know what your opinion is?
Tom and Mary will be tired when they get home.
Do Tom and Mary know what to do with this?
Tom and Mary will be glad they didn't do that.
Do Tom and Mary know I can't speak French?
Tom and Mary weren't told they should do that.
Do Tom and Mary have to work on Saturdays?
Tom and Mary weren't sure what they should do.
Do Tom and Mary have to do that every day?
Tom and Mary weren't sure they should do that.
Do Tom and Mary have to be doing that now?
Tom and Mary weren't sure they liked the plan.
Do Tom and Mary have the skill to do that?
Tom and Mary weren't sure they had to do that.
Do Tom and Mary have any medical problems?
Tom and Mary weren't sure how they could help.
Do Tom and Mary go to church every Sunday?
Tom and Mary weren't happy with what they saw.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were unhappy?
Tom and Mary were told they shouldn't do that.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary needed visas?
Tom and Mary were sure they'd find other jobs.
Did you know Tom and Mary were doing that?
Tom and Mary were going to do that themselves.
Did you know Tom and Mary were detectives?
Tom and Mary were glad John did that for them.
Did you have Tom and Mary do that for you?
Tom and Mary watched TV while they ate dinner.
Can't you see what Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary wasn't expecting me to help them.
Can you hear what Tom and Mary are saying?
Tom and Mary wanted to say more than they did.
Be quiet. Tom and Mary are still sleeping.
Tom and Mary want to do everything themselves.
At that time, Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary waited a while before they began.
Are you sure Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tom and Mary usually get everything they want.
Are you sure Tom and Mary need to do that?
Tom and Mary told me to tell you they're fine.
Are you sure Tom and Mary have to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they're ready to do that.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are still alive?
Tom and Mary told me they're leaving tomorrow.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are coming back?
Tom and Mary told me they'll do that tomorrow.
Are you saying Tom and Mary are dangerous?
Tom and Mary told me they'd already done that.
Are you certain Tom and Mary are the ones?
Tom and Mary told me they won't do that again.
Are these the cups that Tom and Mary used?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't very hungry.
Are Tom and Mary still willing to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't ready to go.
Are Tom and Mary still too busy to see me?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't embarrassed.
Are Tom and Mary still obliged to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't discouraged.
Are Tom and Mary still be able to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't coming back.
Are Tom and Mary still allowed to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they were glad to see me.
Are Tom and Mary really going to eat that?
Tom and Mary told me they saw you at the mall.
Are Tom and Mary planning to come with us?
Tom and Mary told me they knew how to do that.
All Tom and Mary want is to be left alone.
Tom and Mary told me they intended to do that.
A few weeks later, Tom and Mary were dead.
Tom and Mary told me they had some work to do.
A few hours later, Tom and Mary were dead.
Tom and Mary told me they felt bad about that.
You're the one Tom and Mary want to meet.
Tom and Mary told me they enjoyed the concert.
You're much taller than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't want me here.
You're almost as old as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't teach French.
You're a lot older than Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't study French.
You know who Tom and Mary are, don't you?
Tom and Mary told me they didn't speak French.
You do that the same way Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't see anything.
Will anyone care if Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary told me they didn't need my help.
Why weren't Tom and Mary able to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like fishing.
Why were Tom and Mary not at the meeting?
Tom and Mary told me that they're very hungry.
Why were Tom and Mary absent from school?
Tom and Mary told me that they'd here by 2:30.
Why do you think Tom and Mary are stupid?
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be back soon.
Why do Tom and Mary want to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary told me that they were very busy.
Why do Tom and Mary need to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary told me that they were unmarried.
Why do Tom and Mary have to go to Boston?
Tom and Mary told me that they were terrified.
Why do Tom and Mary always look so tired?
Tom and Mary told me that they were surprised.
Why are Tom and Mary so dressed up today?
Tom and Mary told me that they were skeptical.
Why are Tom and Mary making us wait here?
Tom and Mary told me that they were satisfied.
Why are Tom and Mary just standing there?
Tom and Mary told me that they were miserable.
Why are Tom and Mary hesitant to do that?
Tom and Mary told me that they were irritated.
Why are Tom and Mary being so nice to us?
Tom and Mary told me that they were impressed.
Why are Tom and Mary being so mean to us?
Tom and Mary told me that they were forgetful.
Who told you Tom and Mary were in Boston?
Tom and Mary told me that they were exhausted.
Who do Tom and Mary want to do that with?
Tom and Mary told me that they were desperate.
Who do Tom and Mary usually do that with?
Tom and Mary told me that they were depressed.
Who do Tom and Mary think should do that?
Tom and Mary told me that they can see ghosts.
Who do Tom and Mary need to do that with?
Tom and Mary told John they wanted to do that.
Who do Tom and Mary have to do that with?
Tom and Mary told John they needed to do that.
Where is it that Tom and Mary want to go?
Tom and Mary told John that they were unlucky.
Where are Tom and Mary going to live now?
Tom and Mary told John that they were thirsty.
When do Tom and Mary want me to be there?
Tom and Mary told John that they were starved.
When do Tom and Mary expect us to arrive?
Tom and Mary told John that they were retired.
When are Tom and Mary going to come over?
Tom and Mary told John that they were puzzled.
What were Tom and Mary doing in the park?
Tom and Mary told John that they were pleased.
What were Tom and Mary complaining about?
Tom and Mary told John that they were nervous.
What time do Tom and Mary leave for work?
Tom and Mary told John that they were married.
What kind of trouble are Tom and Mary in?
Tom and Mary told John that they were leaving.
What kind of movies do Tom and Mary like?
Tom and Mary told John that they were jealous.
What have Tom and Mary told you about me?
Tom and Mary told John that they were furious.
What have Tom and Mary been up to lately?
Tom and Mary told John that they were excited.
What have Tom and Mary been doing lately?
Tom and Mary told John that they were curious.
What do you think Tom and Mary are up to?
Tom and Mary told John that they were annoyed.
What do you think Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary thought they were in big trouble.
What do Tom and Mary want to do tomorrow?
Tom and Mary think they're stronger than I am.
What do Tom and Mary want to do that for?
Tom and Mary think they don't need to do that.
What do Tom and Mary think of your music?
Tom and Mary think they don't have to do that.
What are Tom and Mary going to do for us?
Tom and Mary taught themselves how to do that.
What are Tom and Mary doing this weekend?
Tom and Mary swore they'd never do that again.
What are Tom and Mary all dressed up for?
Tom and Mary swear they won't do that anymore.
Weren't Tom and Mary supposed to be here?
Tom and Mary still haven't said they're sorry.
Weren't Tom and Mary in Boston last week?
Tom and Mary stayed in the tent by themselves.
Were Tom and Mary watching TV last night?
Tom and Mary soon realized they weren't alone.
Were Tom and Mary really able to do that?
Tom and Mary solved the problem by themselves.
Were Tom and Mary in history class today?
Tom and Mary slammed their fists on the table.
Were Tom and Mary in Boston at that time?
Tom and Mary shouldn't go there by themselves.
Were Tom and Mary here when you got here?
Tom and Mary should've stayed where they were.
Were Tom and Mary carrying anything else?
Tom and Mary should tell John they'll do that.
We'll help Tom and Mary do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary shielded their eyes from the sun.
We should do what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary seldom go canoeing by themselves.
We now know that Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary seemed to be enjoying themselves.
We hope Tom and Mary don't do that again.
Tom and Mary say this is the best they can do.
We have no idea why Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they've never studied French.
We don't know where Tom and Mary are now.
Tom and Mary say they've never been to Boston.
We can't see what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary say they've done that many times.
We all know that Tom and Mary are guilty.
Tom and Mary say they're tired of watching TV.
We all hope Tom and Mary get better soon.
Tom is being very careful not to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't talking about today.
Tom and Mary say they're feeling better today.
Tom and Mary were trying to impress John.
Tom and Mary say they'll never go there again.
Tom and Mary were just talking about you.
Tom and Mary say they'll do whatever they can.
Tom and Mary were being paid by the hour.
Tom and Mary say they'll do what they need to.
Tom and Mary really need to see a doctor.
Tom and Mary say they'll do what they have to.
Tom and Mary need to be a little quieter.
Tom and Mary say they'd be willing to help us.
Tom and Mary have told John not to worry.
Tom and Mary say they won't come to our party.
Tom and Mary have studied many religions.
Tom and Mary say they were asked to come here.
Tom and Mary have been talking about you.
Tom and Mary say they want to go there by bus.
Tom and Mary eat lunch at home every day.
Tom and Mary say they understand how you feel.
Tom and Mary don't want to work for John.
Tom and Mary say they need to buy flashlights.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk with you.
Tom and Mary say they like this kind of music.
Tom and Mary don't want to join the team.
Tom and Mary say they know John won't do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to join our club.
Tom and Mary say they know John can't do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to go to Harvard.
Tom and Mary say they intended to go shopping.
Tom and Mary don't want to go for a walk.
Tom and Mary say they hope John won't do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to buy any books.
Tom and Mary say they have no idea what to do.
Tom and Mary don't want to buy a new car.
Tom and Mary say they feel a lot better today.
Tom and Mary don't want to become famous.
Tom and Mary say they don't think they'll win.
Tom and Mary don't want to be paramedics.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember anything.
Tom and Mary don't want to be left alone.
Tom and Mary say they don't know anybody here.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that again.
Tom and Mary say they don't intend to do that.
Tom and Mary don't like air conditioning.
Tom and Mary say they don't believe in ghosts.
Tom and Mary don't know a thing about it.
Tom and Mary say they didn't agree to do that.
Tom and Mary don't know Boston very well.
Tom and Mary say they can prove John did that.
Tom and Mary can probably help us escape.
Tom and Mary say they can do that blindfolded.
Tom and Mary aren't used to this weather.
Tom and Mary say they always do that this way.
Tom and Mary aren't the people in charge.
Tom and Mary say the tap water made them sick.
Tom and Mary aren't telling us the truth.
Tom and Mary say the heat doesn't bother them.
Tom and Mary aren't telling me the truth.
Tom and Mary say that they've never done that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what's going on.
Tom and Mary say that they're willing to help.
Tom and Mary aren't looking for sympathy.
Tom and Mary say that they're good at cooking.
Tom and Mary aren't here. They went home.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do that someday.
Tom and Mary aren't going to wait for me.
Tom and Mary say that they can't eat any more.
Tom and Mary aren't going to talk to you.
Tom and Mary say that someday they'll do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to let you die.
Tom and Mary say mosquitoes don't bother them.
Tom and Mary aren't going anywhere today.
Tom and Mary sat all by themselves at the bar.
Tom and Mary aren't doing anything today.
Tom and Mary said they've seen people do that.
Tom and Mary aren't concerned about that.
Tom and Mary said they've only done that once.
Tom and Mary aren't all that influential.
Tom and Mary said they've never taught French.
Tom and Mary are working on that problem.
Tom and Mary said they've finished doing that.
Tom and Mary are waiting to talk to John.
Tom and Mary said they're very busy this week.
Tom and Mary are waiting for your answer.
Tom and Mary said they're very busy right now.
Tom and Mary are waiting for a tow truck.
Tom and Mary said they're studying French now.
Tom and Mary are waiting for Tom to come.
Tom and Mary said they're planning to go, too.
Tom and Mary are very serious about that.
Tom and Mary said they're planning to do that.
Tom and Mary are very nervous about that.
Tom and Mary said they're hesitant to do that.
Tom and Mary are very influential people.
Tom and Mary said they're finished doing that.
Tom and Mary are trying to work that out.
Tom and Mary said they'll be leaving tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are trying to get to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they'll be doing that alone.
Tom and Mary are supposed to wait for me.
Tom and Mary said they'll ask John to do that.
Tom and Mary are still ahead of schedule.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that today.
Tom and Mary are still a little confused.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that again.
Tom and Mary are running out of patience.
Tom and Mary said they'd try doing that today.
Tom and Mary are running a little behind.
Tom and Mary said they'd try doing that again.
Tom and Mary are right and John is wrong.
Tom and Mary said they'd stay there till 2:30.
Tom and Mary are really excited about it.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather do that alone.
Tom and Mary are real excited about that.
Tom and Mary said they'd never come back here.
Tom and Mary are probably still be angry.
Tom and Mary said they'd never been to Boston.
Tom and Mary are probably still be alone.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to visit Boston.
Tom and Mary are probably retired by now.
Tom and Mary said they'd help me do that, too.
Tom and Mary are pretty excited about it.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that and they did.
Tom and Mary are pleased with the result.
Tom and Mary said they'd be home this evening.
Tom and Mary are now back from Australia.
Tom and Mary said they'd be afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary are never going to find you.
Tom and Mary said they'd also help me do that.
Tom and Mary are looking forward to that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that today.
Tom and Mary are likely to never recover.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that again.
Tom and Mary are likely to never do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to help us today.
Tom and Mary said they weren't having any fun.
Tom and Mary are likely to do that today.
Tom and Mary said they weren't good at French.
Tom and Mary are likely to do that again.
Tom and Mary said they weren't going anywhere.
Tom and Mary are likely to die in prison.
Tom and Mary said they weren't afraid of John.
Tom and Mary are likely to come tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they weren't afraid anymore.
Tom and Mary are just trying to help you.
Tom and Mary said they were very unlikely win.
Tom and Mary are just having a good time.
Tom and Mary said they were very unlikely cry.
Tom and Mary are in a bit of a hurry now.
Tom and Mary said they were unable to do that.
Tom and Mary are hoping for good weather.
Tom and Mary said they were too young to vote.
Tom and Mary are here to play basketball.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping to see you.
Tom and Mary are here on urgent business.
Tom and Mary said they were forced to do that.
Tom and Mary are having a wonderful time.
Tom and Mary said they were feeling confident.
Tom and Mary are going to try to do that.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to write a book.
Tom and Mary are going to need more room.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to study French.
Tom and Mary are going to move to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to leave Boston.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary are going to have to change.
Tom and Mary said they wanted a picture of me.
Tom and Mary are going to do that for me.
Tom and Mary said they wanted John to do that.
Tom and Mary are going shopping tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was handsome.
Tom and Mary are faster than anyone else.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was creative.
Tom and Mary are doing this to help John.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked happy.
Tom and Mary are concerned about it, too.
Tom and Mary said they thought I looked bored.
Tom and Mary are better off without John.
Tom and Mary said they think they can do that.
Tom and Mary are aware of the challenges.
Tom and Mary said they think John can do that.
Tom and Mary are as committed as you are.
Tom and Mary said they should've left earlier.
The school Tom and Mary go to has a pool.
Tom and Mary said they probably won't do that.
The only Canadians here are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they noticed the same thing.
The children over there are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they never saw John do that.
That's what Tom and Mary keep telling me.
Tom and Mary said they needed to study French.
That's the same way Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they needed to stay at home.
That's just the way Tom and Mary like it.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that soon.
Tell me who Tom and Mary were talking to.
Tom and Mary said they needed one of us there.
So what do we do if Tom and Mary show up?
Tom and Mary said they need to get more sleep.
No one's seen or heard from Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they might possibly do that.
No one knows why Tom and Mary are scared.
Tom and Mary said they might agree to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't working alone.
Tom and Mary said they like this time of year.
Maybe Tom and Mary were hiding something.
Tom and Mary said they knew you could do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary know what I did wrong.
Tom and Mary said they knew why John did that.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know where I am.
Tom and Mary said they knew what was going on.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't know what to do.
Tom and Mary said they knew it was time to go.
Maybe Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary said they hope John will do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary are just being modest.
Tom and Mary said they heard somebody yelling.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't go upstairs.
Tom and Mary said they heard somebody snoring.
Let's see what Tom and Mary come up with.
Tom and Mary said they heard somebody singing.
Let's see if Tom and Mary have any ideas.
Tom and Mary said they haven't studied French.
Let's leave before Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they had trouble doing that.
Let's hear what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary said they had to go to a meeting.
Let's go see if Tom and Mary are at home.
Tom and Mary said they had nothing else to do.
Let's do what Tom and Mary want us to do.
Tom and Mary said they had no plan to do that.
Let me show you how Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they had a surprise for you.
It's not often that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they had a friend in Boston.
It looks like Tom and Mary were mistaken.
Tom and Mary said they expect John to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary want to leave.
Tom and Mary said they don't feel like heroes.
It looks like Tom and Mary have given up.
Tom and Mary said they don't enjoy doing that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are skeptical.
Tom and Mary said they don't eat pork anymore.
It looks like Tom and Mary are shivering.
Tom and Mary said they don't eat meat anymore.
It looks like Tom and Mary are organized.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to help us.
It looks like Tom and Mary are miserable.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are intrigued.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want sandwiches.
It looks like Tom and Mary are exhausted.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to wait.
It looks like Tom and Mary are desperate.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to sing.
It looks like Tom and Mary are depressed.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need to do that.
It looked like Tom and Mary were worried.
Tom and Mary said they didn't mind doing that.
Is that what Tom and Mary think happened?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know what to do.
Is it true that Tom and Mary are in jail?
Tom and Mary said they didn't know any French.
If you don't know, maybe Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have to do that.
If Tom and Mary don't go, I won't either.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel well today.
If Tom and Mary come, please let me know.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel like going.
I've never seen Tom and Mary help anyone.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do that anymore.
I'm willing to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care what I did.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are very impressed.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do that today.
I'm ready to go, but Tom and Mary aren't.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do that again.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary know French.
Tom and Mary said they could probably do that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are sincere.
I'm not sure where Tom and Mary are from.
Tom and Mary said the heat didn't bother them.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary said the earthquake woke them up.
I'm glad to hear Tom and Mary found jobs.
Tom and Mary said the cold didn't bother them.
I'm glad that Tom and Mary weren't there.
Tom and Mary said that they've been very busy.
I'm glad Tom and Mary were there with me.
Tom and Mary said that they'd make it on time.
I'll see if Tom and Mary are still awake.
Tom and Mary said that they'd like to do that.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary write to you.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be here by 2:30.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary wait for you.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't very cold.
I'll find out if Tom and Mary want to go.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't terrified.
I'd like to know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't surprised.
I wouldn't have let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't satisfied.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were suspended.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't impressed.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't concerned.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were so afraid.
Tom and Mary said that they were very worried.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't like you.
Tom and Mary said that they were very unlucky.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't at home.
Tom and Mary said that they were very unhappy.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are suspicious.
Tom and Mary said that they were very thirsty.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so worried.
Tom and Mary said that they were very shocked.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so thirsty.
Tom and Mary said that they were very serious.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so nervous.
Tom and Mary said that they were very nervous.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so excited.
Tom and Mary said that they were very jealous.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so curious.
Tom and Mary said that they were very excited.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are in trouble.
Tom and Mary said that they were very curious.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are doing this.
Tom and Mary said that they were really upset.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really tired.
I wonder who helped Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really sorry.
I wonder what Tom and Mary were thinking.
Tom and Mary said that they were really lucky.
I wonder what Tom and Mary have done now.
Tom and Mary said that they were really happy.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are up to now.
Tom and Mary said that they were really drunk.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are scared of.
Tom and Mary said that they were really broke.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are doing now.
Tom and Mary said that they were really bored.
I wonder if Tom and Mary like to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were really angry.
I wonder if Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were discontented.
I wonder how Tom and Mary are holding up.
Tom and Mary said that they were disappointed.
I won't let Tom and Mary do that anymore.
Tom and Mary said that they were conservative.
I wish Tom and Mary were here to help us.
Tom and Mary said that they were ambidextrous.
I wish Tom and Mary were here to explain.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to help us.
I wish I hadn't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted to do that.
I wasn't sure why Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary said that they wanted some money.
I was convinced Tom and Mary were guilty.
Tom and Mary said that they waited until 2:30.
I want to make Tom and Mary feel at ease.
Tom and Mary said that they needed some money.
I want to know how tall Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said that they needed more money.
I want to be sure Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary said that they intend to do that.
I understand Tom and Mary have been sick.
Tom and Mary said that they haven't done that.
I thought that Tom and Mary weren't busy.
Tom and Mary said that they had lots of money.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't surprised.
Tom and Mary said that they grew up in Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't in Boston.
Tom and Mary said that they enjoyed the party.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't impressed.
Tom and Mary said that they bought an old car.
I thought Tom and Mary were your friends.
Tom and Mary said that they agreed to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were your cousins.
Tom and Mary said that the heat bothered them.
I thought Tom and Mary were wearing wigs.
Tom and Mary said it wasn't them who did that.
I thought Tom and Mary were overreacting.
Tom and Mary said John wanted them to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were in Australia.
Tom and Mary refused to admit they were wrong.
I thought Tom and Mary were here to stay.
Tom and Mary really like swimming, don't they?
I thought Tom and Mary were going to win.
Tom and Mary realized they had made a mistake.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to die.
Tom and Mary realized the mistake they'd made.
I thought Tom and Mary were going to cry.
Tom and Mary realized that they were drowning.
I thought Tom and Mary were exaggerating.
Tom and Mary promised they'd go straight home.
I thought Tom and Mary were electricians.
Tom and Mary promised they'd do that tomorrow.
I thought Tom and Mary were already back.
Tom and Mary promised they'd do that for John.
I think that's why Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary promised they won't do that here.
I think that Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd do that today.
I think Tom and Mary work in this office.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd clean my room.
I think Tom and Mary were a little tired.
Tom and Mary pretended they were still asleep.
I think Tom and Mary want you to do that.
Tom and Mary prefers to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary understand all that.
Tom and Mary planned to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary like to play tennis.
I think Tom and Mary like playing tennis.
Tom and Mary only do what they're asked to do.
I think Tom and Mary know how to do that.
Tom and Mary often do that in their free time.
I think Tom and Mary haven't decided yet.
Tom and Mary never told me why they were here.
I think Tom and Mary have made a mistake.
Tom and Mary need to finish what they started.
I think Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
Tom and Mary might've done that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary hate waiting for me.
Tom and Mary may not be as happy as they seem.
I think Tom and Mary hate the way I sing.
Tom and Mary may not be as happy as they look.
I think Tom and Mary don't want our help.
Tom and Mary may have done that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary aren't going to win.
Tom and Mary may get arrested if they do that.
I think Tom and Mary are up to something.
Tom and Mary may do that wherever they choose.
I think Tom and Mary are up in the attic.
Tom and Mary may do that anywhere they choose.
I think Tom and Mary are too competitive.
Tom and Mary may come with us if they want to.
I think Tom and Mary are still undecided.
Tom and Mary managed to do that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are still skeptical.
Tom and Mary made themselves something to eat.
I think Tom and Mary are still in prison.
Tom and Mary loved apples when they were kids.
I think Tom and Mary are still in Boston.
Tom and Mary lost their jobs three months ago.
I think Tom and Mary are still depressed.
Tom and Mary lost the jobs they had in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are probably asleep.
Tom and Mary looked like they'd been drinking.
I think Tom and Mary are going to resign.
Tom and Mary looked like they were suspicious.
I think Tom and Mary are being sarcastic.
Tom and Mary looked like they were interested.
I think Tom and Mary are a bit eccentric.
Tom and Mary looked like they were in a hurry.
I should be helping Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary looked like they were having fun.
I remember when Tom and Mary were babies.
Tom and Mary looked like they were frustrated.
I really thought Tom and Mary were happy.
Tom and Mary looked like they were frightened.
I must go and see what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary looked like they were fascinated.
I know what Tom and Mary are looking for.
Tom and Mary looked like they were distracted.
I know what Tom and Mary are going to do.
Tom and Mary look like they're about to faint.
I know that Tom and Mary were devastated.
Tom and Mary look healthier than they used to.
I know that Tom and Mary were astonished.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their rooms.
I know that Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary like to take walks by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary like to go fishing by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary like basketball.
Tom and Mary like to do everything themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary know you didn't do that for them.
I know that Tom and Mary are unconvinced.
Tom and Mary know they've got to keep working.
I know that Tom and Mary are trustworthy.
Tom and Mary know they're supposed to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
Tom and Mary know they're running out of time.
I know that Tom and Mary are responsible.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't do that here.
I know that Tom and Mary are resourceful.
Tom and Mary know they ought to do that today.
I know that Tom and Mary are pessimistic.
Tom and Mary know they don't have much choice.
I know that Tom and Mary are over thirty.
Tom and Mary know there's no way they can win.
I know that Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
Tom and Mary know exactly what they should do.
I know that Tom and Mary are intelligent.
Tom and Mary know John will help them do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are influential.
Tom and Mary knew they'd done something wrong.
I know that Tom and Mary are incompetent.
Tom and Mary knew they were likely to be late.
I know that Tom and Mary are hardworking.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't need to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are from Boston.
Tom and Mary knew they didn't have to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are embarrassed.
Tom and Mary knew that they were being unfair.
I know that Tom and Mary are discouraged.
Tom and Mary kept their opinion to themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are competitive.
Tom and Mary just do what they're asked to do.
I know something Tom and Mary don't know.
Tom and Mary injured themselves at work today.
I know how hard Tom and Mary have worked.
Tom and Mary hope that they'll be able to win.
I know Tom and Mary have to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary haven't done that yet, have they?
I know Tom and Mary have never done that.
Tom and Mary haven't come home yet, have they?
I know Tom and Mary have lived in Boston.
Tom and Mary have their work cut out for them.
I know Tom and Mary aren't related to me.
Tom and Mary have some things they have to do.
I know Tom and Mary are hiding something.
Tom and Mary have said they intend to do that.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't going to win.
Tom and Mary have put their house up for sale.
I knew Tom and Mary were up to something.
Tom and Mary have never asked me to help them.
I just need to know who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary have had about all they can take.
I hope Tom and Mary want to do that, too.
Tom and Mary have done everything they can do.
I hope Tom and Mary know how to fix this.
Tom and Mary had their reasons for doing that.
I hope Tom and Mary don't try to do that.
Tom and Mary had the whole room to themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't uncooperative.
Tom and Mary had a right to defend themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't looking at us.
Tom and Mary got the punishment they deserved.
I hope Tom and Mary are home next Monday.
Tom and Mary got paid more than they expected.
I hope Tom and Mary are going to help us.
Tom and Mary frequently do that by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are going to do that.
Tom and Mary found what they were looking for.
I honestly don't think Tom and Mary care.
Tom and Mary found themselves in a tight spot.
I heard that Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary expects John to do that for them.
I heard that Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary enjoyed themselves at the picnic.
I heard Tom and Mary were looking for me.
Tom and Mary don't want to live by themselves.
I hear Tom and Mary have been quite busy.
Tom and Mary don't want to call their lawyers.
I hear Tom and Mary are still doing that.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll ever do that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary weren't happy.
Tom and Mary don't think they need to do that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were that old.
Tom and Mary don't think they have to do that.
I feel bad that Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary don't think they can do that now.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still poor.
Tom and Mary don't think I can do it, do they?
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still home.
Tom and Mary don't like to work by themselves.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still here.
Tom and Mary don't know who did that, do they?
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still cold.
Tom and Mary don't know what they ought to do.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still busy.
Tom and Mary don't know what they need to buy.
I don't want to see Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary don't intend to go by themselves.
I don't think that Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary don't have to leave now, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary want to leave.
Tom and Mary don't have any children, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary want any help.
Tom and Mary don't consider themselves heroes.
I don't think Tom and Mary still do that.
Tom and Mary do everything we tell them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary need to worry.
Tom and Mary didn't think they should do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary need any help.
Tom and Mary didn't think they had to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary like swimming.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me why they did that.
I don't think Tom and Mary like baseball.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me where they'd been.
I don't think Tom and Mary know anything.
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they were engaged.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy bowling.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were tired.
I don't think Tom and Mary are satisfied.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were sorry.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ready yet.
Tom and Mary didn't seem very tired, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are qualified.
Tom and Mary didn't seem very happy, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are miserable.
Tom and Mary didn't seem very angry, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are listening.
Tom and Mary didn't say where they were going.
I don't think Tom and Mary are irritated.
Tom and Mary didn't say when they were coming.
I don't think Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary didn't need to do that, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are impressed.
Tom and Mary didn't mention where they'd gone.
I don't think Tom and Mary are dishonest.
Tom and Mary didn't mention where they'd been.
I don't think Tom and Mary are desperate.
Tom and Mary didn't mean to do that, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are depressed.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were tired.
I don't think Tom and Mary are concerned.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were happy.
I don't think Tom and Mary are conceited.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they were doing.
I don't think Tom and Mary are Canadians.
Tom and Mary didn't have their phones on them.
I don't remember where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary didn't have much money with them.
I don't really care what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't feel that they were ready.
I don't like what Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary didn't feel sorry for themselves.
I don't like what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary didn't do what I told them to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary didn't do that all by themselves.
I don't know why Tom and Mary were angry.
Tom and Mary did whatever we asked them to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are so sad.
Tom and Mary did their homework by themselves.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are scared.
Tom and Mary did the right thing, didn't they?
I don't know why Tom and Mary are crying.
Tom and Mary did that on purpose, didn't they?
I don't know why Tom and Mary are afraid.
Tom and Mary did that by themselves yesterday.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are from.
Tom and Mary deny that they agreed to do that.
I don't know when Tom and Mary were born.
Tom and Mary demanded that I do that for them.
I don't know what Tom and Mary look like.
Tom and Mary couldn't stop blaming themselves.
I don't know what Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary could've won if they'd wanted to.
I don't know what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary could get fired if they did that.
I don't care what Tom and Mary try to do.
Tom and Mary constantly contradict themselves.
I don't care what Tom and Mary have done.
Tom and Mary claimed that they didn't do that.
I don't care if Tom and Mary come or not.
Tom and Mary can use my computer if they want.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were worried.
Tom and Mary can stay with us if they want to.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were nervous.
Tom and Mary can stay as long as they want to.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were looking.
Tom and Mary can do that wherever they choose.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were jealous.
Tom and Mary can do that anywhere they choose.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were at home.
Tom and Mary can come with us if they want to.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary came here to ask us to help them.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary called to tell me they'd be late.
I didn't know how sick Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary brought their children with them.
I didn't know how rich Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary bought themselves new saxophones.
I didn't know how fast Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary believed that they could do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were that old.
Tom and Mary begged John to help them do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were teachers.
Tom and Mary assured John that they'd do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so upset.
Tom and Mary asked me to wake them up at 2:30.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were sleeping.
Tom and Mary aren't where I told them to wait.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were confused.
Tom and Mary aren't very good at what they do.
I can't tell you where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they want to do that.
I can't let Tom and Mary help us anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they need to do that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary remember me.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they have to do that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary aren't going to sell their house.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are serious.
Tom and Mary aren't as shy as they used to be.
I can see why Tom and Mary are concerned.
Tom and Mary aren't as fat as they used to be.
I bet Tom and Mary don't make it on time.
Tom and Mary are willing to help, aren't they?
I believe that Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary are waiting for you to help them.
I assure you Tom and Mary are quite well.
Tom and Mary are trying to protect themselves.
I always thought Tom and Mary were funny.
Tom and Mary are trying their best to do that.
How well do Tom and Mary play basketball?
Tom and Mary are taking care of what they can.
How often are Tom and Mary late for work?
Tom and Mary are sure they'll find other jobs.
How much more money do Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary are still teenagers, aren't they?
How much more money do Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary are still in Boston, aren't they?
How much money do Tom and Mary have left?
Tom and Mary are really talented, aren't they?
How many songs have Tom and Mary written?
Tom and Mary are really stubborn, aren't they?
How long have Tom and Mary been with you?
Tom and Mary are really creative, aren't they?
How long have Tom and Mary been up there?
Tom and Mary are really busy now, aren't they?
How long have Tom and Mary been sleeping?
Tom and Mary are quite talkative, aren't they?
How long have Tom and Mary been in there?
Tom and Mary are quite obstinate, aren't they?
How long have Tom and Mary been divorced?
Tom and Mary are quite obnoxious, aren't they?
How do you know Tom and Mary are unhappy?
Tom and Mary are quite conceited, aren't they?
How did you know where Tom and Mary were?
Tom and Mary are quite ambitious, aren't they?
How did you know Tom and Mary were drunk?
Tom and Mary are pretty outgoing, aren't they?
Haven't Tom and Mary done enough already?
Tom and Mary are older than they say they are.
Have Tom and Mary told you what happened?
Tom and Mary are making themselves sandwiches.
Have Tom and Mary talked to you recently?
Tom and Mary are mad at you for lying to them.
Have Tom and Mary spoken to you about me?
Tom and Mary are lucky they didn't get killed.
Have Tom and Mary really moved to Boston?
Tom and Mary are in the hospital, aren't they?
Have Tom and Mary ever visited Australia?
Tom and Mary are in Boston with their parents.
Have Tom and Mary ever kissed each other?
Tom and Mary are happy when they're with John.
Have Tom and Mary ever been to Australia?
Tom and Mary are good guitarists, aren't they?
Have Tom and Mary even visited Australia?
Tom and Mary are fairly sure they can do that.
Have Tom and Mary always been overweight?
Tom and Mary are extremely proud of their son.
Even Tom and Mary are a little surprised.
Tom and Mary are doing the very best they can.
Don't forget that Tom and Mary are blind.
Tom and Mary are concerned about their future.
Does anybody know where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary are coming with you, aren't they?
Do you think that Tom and Mary are happy?
Tom and Mary are being sarcastic, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary were satisfied?
Tom and Mary are already retired, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary were depressed?
Tom and Mary are allowed to do what they want.
Do you think Tom and Mary are unsociable?
Tom and Mary are afraid that they'll get lost.
Do you think Tom and Mary are unreliable?
Tom and Mary are able to do that on their own.
Do you think Tom and Mary are unfriendly?
Tom and Mary are a lot smarter than they look.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still safe?
Tom and Mary are a little scared, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still poor?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been unfair.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still lost?
Tom and Mary admitted that they weren't ready.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still home?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were homesick.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still here?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were confused.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still cold?
Tell Tom and Mary they need to get here early.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still busy?
Tell Tom and Mary that I need to talk to them.
Do you think Tom and Mary are in trouble?
Tell Tom and Mary only what they need to know.
Do you think Tom and Mary are having fun?
Please tell Tom and Mary they need to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are eating now?
Please tell Tom and Mary they have to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are dependable?
If Tom and Mary were older, they'd understand.
Do you really think Tom and Mary are mad?
If Tom and Mary had more time, they'd do that.
Do you like the way Tom and Mary do that?
If Tom and Mary are tired, let them go to bed.
Do you know why Tom and Mary were hiding?
I'm sure Tom and Mary will change their minds.
Do you know why Tom and Mary were crying?
I'm sure Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
Do you know why Tom and Mary aren't here?
I'll ask Tom and Mary if they want to do that.
Do you know why Tom and Mary are unhappy?
I wish Tom and Mary had asked us to help them.
Do you know why Tom and Mary are in jail?
I used to wash Tom's and Mary's cars for them.
Do you know where Tom and Mary were born?
I told Tom and Mary to get home by themselves.
Do you know where Tom and Mary have been?
I told Tom and Mary that I wouldn't help them.
Do you know where Tom and Mary are going?
I think Tom and Mary said that they'd do that.
Do you believe Tom and Mary are innocent?
I hope Tom and Mary know what they need to do.
Do Tom and Mary want me to say something?
I hope Tom and Mary know what they have to do.
Do Tom and Mary usually put on sunscreen?
I hope Tom and Mary know they need to do that.
Do Tom and Mary understand the situation?
I hope Tom and Mary know they have to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still want to go with us?
I hope Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still study after dinner?
I asked Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still live here with you?
Have you told Tom and Mary that you love them?
Do Tom and Mary still like cheeseburgers?
Have you asked Tom and Mary why they did that?
Do Tom and Mary really have one of those?
Have Tom and Mary ever asked you to help them?
Do Tom and Mary really care what happens?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to go with them?
Do Tom and Mary need to go anywhere else?
Do Tom and Mary still look like they're happy?
Do Tom and Mary need to be here tomorrow?
Do Tom and Mary really think they can do that?
Do Tom and Mary know where you were born?
Did you return Tom's and Mary's books to them?
Do Tom and Mary know what the problem is?
Did anyone ask Tom and Mary why they did that?
Do Tom and Mary know how to ride a horse?
Did Tom and Mary tell you that they'd be late?
Do Tom and Mary know anything about that?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd help John do that?
Do Tom and Mary have to go anywhere else?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd eat lunch with us?
Do Tom and Mary have to be here tomorrow?
Did Tom and Mary say they did that themselves?
Do Tom and Mary have a problem with that?
Did Tom and Mary really do that by themselves?
Do Tom and Mary ever tell you what to do?
Did Tom and Mary do what you asked them to do?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were lonely?
Call Tom and Mary and tell them we'll be late.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were hungry?
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll be at the meeting.
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were asleep?
Ask Tom and Mary if they need help doing that.
Did you know Tom and Mary were in Boston?
You should tell Tom and Mary they were wrong.
Did you know Tom and Mary were Canadians?
You said to give Tom and Mary what they need.
Did you find out where Tom and Mary live?
You need to ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
Could you tell me where Tom and Mary are?
Would Tom and Mary go swimming by themselves?
Come and see what Tom and Mary are doing.
Why do Tom and Mary always eat by themselves?
At that time, Tom and Mary were swimming.
Why didn't Tom and Mary come here themselves?
As far as I know, Tom and Mary are happy.
Who are Tom and Mary and how do they know me?
Aren't you glad Tom and Mary aren't here?
Where did Tom and Mary say they wanted to go?
Are you saying Tom and Mary aren't happy?
What did Tom and Mary say they wanted to eat?
Are Tom and Mary still working in Boston?
Tom and Mary wrote this report by themselves.
Are Tom and Mary still unable to do that?
Tom and Mary wouldn't let me buy them drinks.
Are Tom and Mary still likely to do that?
Tom and Mary would be fired if they did that.
Are Tom and Mary still dating each other?
Tom and Mary would be fined if they did that.
Are Tom and Mary still afraid to do that?
Tom and Mary wondered if they'd been lied to.
Are Tom and Mary really living in Boston?
Tom and Mary won't really do that, will they?
Are Tom and Mary really going to do that?
Tom and Mary won't do anything by themselves.
Are Tom and Mary in some kind of trouble?
Tom and Mary wished they'd been more careful.
Are Tom and Mary going to do that or not?
Tom and Mary wished they were back in Boston.
Apparently, Tom and Mary are still alive.
Tom and Mary wished they had something to do.
All of a sudden, Tom and Mary were alone.
Tom and Mary will have to do that themselves.
All Tom and Mary ever want to do is talk.
Tom and Mary will get all the help they need.
Actually, Tom and Mary do that very well.
You'd better see what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary will be very glad they did that.
You said that Tom and Mary weren't busy.
Tom and Mary weren't sure they could do that.
Why would I care where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary weren't still asleep, were they?
Why weren't Tom and Mary here yesterday?
Tom and Mary weren't here earlier, were they?
Why were Tom and Mary told to come here?
Tom and Mary were told they couldn't do that.
Why should I care where Tom and Mary go?
Tom and Mary were surprised when I told them.
Why don't Tom and Mary visit us anymore?
Tom and Mary were so busy they skipped lunch.
Why don't Tom and Mary like to eat fish?
Tom and Mary were scared to go by themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary want to do that now?
Tom and Mary were impressed by what they saw.
Why do Tom and Mary want to be teachers?
Tom and Mary were by themselves in their car.
Why do Tom and Mary not want to do that?
Tom and Mary were at the party, weren't they?
Why do Tom and Mary need to do that now?
Tom and Mary wanted to talk to their lawyers.
Why do Tom and Mary have to do that now?
Tom and Mary wanted to go, but they couldn't.
Why do Tom and Mary do things like that?
Tom and Mary wanted to do that by themselves.
Why aren't Tom and Mary saying anything?
Tom and Mary wanted John to do that for them.
Why aren't Tom and Mary playing with us?
Tom and Mary want to go home, but they can't.
Why aren't Tom and Mary going to Boston?
Tom and Mary want me to give them some space.
Why aren't Tom and Mary doing something?
Tom and Mary want me to cook dinner for them.
Who cares if Tom and Mary don't do that?
Tom and Mary usually go rowing by themselves.
Who are Tom and Mary going to listen to?
Tom and Mary usually cry when they're scared.
Where do you think Tom and Mary are now?
Tom and Mary told us they'd agree to do that.
Where do Tom and Mary want to go skiing?
Tom and Mary told us they thought they'd win.
Where do Tom and Mary usually eat lunch?
Tom and Mary told me why they didn't do that.
Where are Tom and Mary now? Do you know?
Tom and Mary told me they've never done that.
When do Tom and Mary want me to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that tomorrow.
When are Tom and Mary going to get here?
Tom and Mary told me they'd be ready by 2:30.
What time do Tom and Mary eat breakfast?
Tom and Mary told me they'd agree to do that.
What time are Tom and Mary getting here?
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't stay long.
What kind of songs do Tom and Mary sing?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't sleepy yet.
What kind of music do Tom and Mary like?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't happy here.
What kind of cars do Tom and Mary drive?
Tom and Mary told me they were really hungry.
What kind of books do Tom and Mary read?
Tom and Mary told me they were going to help.
What is it that Tom and Mary want to do?
Tom and Mary told me they were feeling dizzy.
What happens if Tom and Mary don't pass?
Tom and Mary told me they want to go with us.
What exactly do Tom and Mary want to do?
Tom and Mary told me they preferred red wine.
What exactly do Tom and Mary need to do?
Tom and Mary told me they found a job for me.
What exactly do Tom and Mary have to do?
Tom and Mary told me they enjoyed the picnic.
What do Tom and Mary usually talk about?
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like boxing.
What do Tom and Mary think of your idea?
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't stay long.
What do Tom and Mary need to talk about?
Tom and Mary told me that they're unemployed.
What do Tom and Mary have to talk about?
Tom and Mary told me that they're suspicious.
What are Tom and Mary going to do today?
Tom and Mary told me that they're interested.
What are Tom and Mary doing in the park?
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be discreet.
What Tom and Mary plan to do is unclear.
Tom and Mary told me that they were ticklish.
What Tom and Mary have told you is true.
Tom and Mary told me that they were thrilled.
What Tom and Mary are doing is annoying.
Tom and Mary told me that they were relieved.
Weren't Tom and Mary in Boston with you?
Tom and Mary told me that they were prepared.
Weren't Tom and Mary here earlier today?
Tom and Mary told me that they were positive.
Were Tom and Mary the ones who did this?
Tom and Mary told me that they were offended.
Were Tom and Mary here when it happened?
Tom and Mary told me that they were innocent.
We're not saying Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary told me that they were homesick.
We're not saying Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary told me that they were divorced.
We'll see what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary told me that they were diabetic.
We were told Tom and Mary are in danger.
Tom and Mary told me that they were confused.
We all hope Tom and Mary don't get lost.
Tom and Mary told me that they can't do that.
Tom and Mary will be helping me do that.
Tom and Mary told John they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary weren't carrying umbrellas.
Tom and Mary told John they were ready to go.
Tom and Mary were trying to impress you.
Tom and Mary told John they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary were surprised and shocked.
Tom and Mary told John that they were sleepy.
Tom and Mary were listening to the news.
Tom and Mary told John that they were scared.
Tom and Mary were just looking for John.
Tom and Mary told John that they were lonely.
Tom and Mary were just following orders.
Tom and Mary told John that they were hungry.
Tom and Mary were in a fight last night.
Tom and Mary told John that they were afraid.
Tom and Mary were in Boston last summer.
Tom and Mary thought they'd find another job.
Tom and Mary no difficulty getting jobs.
Tom and Mary thought that they might do that.
Tom and Mary no difficulty finding jobs.
Tom and Mary thought John knew who they were.
Tom and Mary need to pay more attention.
Tom and Mary think they're going to die soon.
Tom and Mary need to clean up this mess.
Tom and Mary think they can probably do that.
Tom and Mary like tea, but John doesn't.
Tom and Mary themselves might have done that.
Tom and Mary like both science and math.
Tom and Mary swore that they'd never do that.
Tom and Mary just want John to be happy.
Tom and Mary sure do sleep a lot, don't they?
Tom and Mary haven't asked for anything.
Tom and Mary still do that whenever they can.
Tom and Mary have to clean up this mess.
Tom and Mary spent the weekend by themselves.
Tom and Mary had an interesting evening.
Tom and Mary shouldn't do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to visit Boston.
Tom and Mary should've gone there themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to study abroad.
Tom and Mary should do everything themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to stick around.
Tom and Mary should be ashamed of themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to see us again.
Tom and Mary seemed to be happy, didn't they?
Tom and Mary don't want to say anything.
Tom and Mary seemed quite happy, didn't they?
Tom and Mary don't want to leave Boston.
Tom and Mary say they're too busy to do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to go back home.
Tom and Mary say they're tired of doing that.
Tom and Mary don't want to be in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they're prepared to do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to be engineers.
Tom and Mary say they're planning to do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to be different.
Tom and Mary say they're here to support you.
Tom and Mary don't think that'll happen.
Tom and Mary say they're feeling very sleepy.
Tom and Mary don't regret what happened.
Tom and Mary say they'll never do that again.
Tom and Mary don't plan to go this week.
Tom and Mary say they'll come to Boston soon.
Tom and Mary don't plan to do that here.
Tom and Mary say they'll ask John to do that.
Tom and Mary don't like living downtown.
Tom and Mary say they'd like to study French.
Tom and Mary don't know much about that.
Tom and Mary say they won't go there anymore.
Tom and Mary don't go to church anymore.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary don't go to Boston anymore.
Tom and Mary say they won't buy that for you.
Tom and Mary can't go out with us today.
Tom and Mary say they won't be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary aren't satisfied with that.
Tom and Mary say they won't agree to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't likely to find John.
Tom and Mary say they want to live in Boston.
Tom and Mary aren't far from Boston now.
Tom and Mary say they think we could do that.
Tom and Mary aren't coming to the party.
Tom and Mary say they think they can do that.
Tom and Mary aren't as young as John is.
Tom and Mary say they still can't believe it.
Tom and Mary are your friends, not mine.
Tom and Mary say they spoke French last week.
Tom and Mary are working at a pet store.
Tom and Mary say they needed to study French.
Tom and Mary are very satisfied with it.
Tom and Mary say they like it here in Boston.
Tom and Mary are very lucky to be alive.
Tom and Mary say they know why John did that.
Tom and Mary are trying to impress John.
Tom and Mary say they know John will do that.
Tom and Mary are trying to find out why.
Tom and Mary say they hope John will do that.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for John.
Tom and Mary say they have no concrete plans.
Tom and Mary are still looking for John.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot to do today.
Tom and Mary are still living in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they expect John to do that.
Tom and Mary are still checking into it.
Tom and Mary say they don't remember a thing.
Tom and Mary are sorry that it happened.
Tom and Mary say they don't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary are serving time in prison.
Tom and Mary say they don't have enough time.
Tom and Mary are running out of options.
Tom and Mary say they don't have any regrets.
Tom and Mary are really upset with John.
Tom and Mary say they don't enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary are ready for an adventure.
Tom and Mary say they didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary are probably still in jail.
Tom and Mary say they didn't need to do that.
Tom and Mary are probably in Boston now.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know what to do.
Tom and Mary are only here to help John.
Tom and Mary say they didn't have to do that.
Tom and Mary are on the right track now.
Tom and Mary say they can predict the future.
Tom and Mary are never going to find us.
Tom and Mary say there's nothing they can do.
Tom and Mary are never going to find me.
Tom and Mary say that they'd like to do that.
Tom and Mary are never going to do that.
Tom and Mary say that they intend to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to win tomorrow.
Tom and Mary say that they agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to wait for you.
Tom and Mary say that the noise bothers them.
Tom and Mary are likely to study French.
Tom and Mary said they've tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to speak French.
Tom and Mary said they've been feeling tired.
Tom and Mary are likely to let John win.
Tom and Mary said they're willing to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to come by taxi.
Tom and Mary said they're through doing that.
Tom and Mary are leaving this afternoon.
Tom and Mary said they're tempted to do that.
Tom and Mary are just about ready to go.
Tom and Mary said they're glad you're coming.
Tom and Mary are interesting to talk to.
Tom and Mary said they're glad they did that.
Tom and Mary are in no hurry to do that.
Tom and Mary said they're glad John did that.
Tom and Mary are having a party tonight.
Tom and Mary said they're feeling better now.
Tom and Mary are good friends of John's.
Tom and Mary said they'll be doing that soon.
Tom and Mary are going to wait for John.
Tom and Mary said they'd play tennis with us.
Tom and Mary are going to need you here.
Tom and Mary said they'd never do that again.
Tom and Mary are going to need a lawyer.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to talk to you.
Tom and Mary are going to make mistakes.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to do that now.
Tom and Mary are going to have fun, too.
Tom and Mary said they'd help load the truck.
Tom and Mary are going to get this done.
Tom and Mary said they'd do anything for you.
Tom and Mary are going to find out soon.
Tom and Mary said they'd consider doing that.
Tom and Mary are going to buy a new car.
Tom and Mary said they'd buy what was needed.
Tom and Mary are going out to celebrate.
Tom and Mary said they'd be happy to do that.
Tom and Mary are getting ready to leave.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back next Monday.
Tom and Mary are getting ready for that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back before 2:30.
Tom and Mary are extremely disappointed.
Tom and Mary said they'd ask John to do that.
Tom and Mary are excited to get started.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't speak French.
Tom and Mary are coming to pick John up.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't say anything.
Tom and Mary are being paid by the hour.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be gone long.
Tom and Mary are anxious to get started.
Tom and Mary said they won't wait any longer.
Tom and Mary are always doing something.
Tom and Mary said they won't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary are always arguing with me.
Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to talk.
Tom and Mary are all worried about John.
Tom and Mary said they weren't likely to win.
This is why Tom and Mary are in trouble.
Tom and Mary said they weren't angry anymore.
This is where Tom and Mary want to live.
Tom and Mary said they were worried about me.
The only drummers here are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they were unlikely do that.
That's why Tom and Mary are still there.
Tom and Mary said they were too busy to help.
That's not what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary said they were told not do that.
That's a risk Tom and Mary have to take.
Tom and Mary said they were tired of waiting.
Sometimes Tom and Mary get things wrong.
Tom and Mary said they were ready to do that.
Sometimes Tom and Mary are really crazy.
Tom and Mary said they were looking for help.
Please write down what Tom and Mary say.
Tom and Mary said they were hoping you'd win.
Please wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they were having a bad day.
Please tell me Tom and Mary are kidding.
Tom and Mary said they were happy to see you.
Perhaps Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Tom and Mary said they were happy to do that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Tom and Mary said they were going to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary want to do that, too.
Tom and Mary said they were going to be late.
Maybe Tom and Mary need to do that, too.
Tom and Mary said they were going to be here.
Maybe Tom and Mary have to do that, too.
Tom and Mary said they were eager to do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary have had an accident.
Tom and Mary said they were done for the day.
Maybe Tom and Mary are eating right now.
Tom and Mary said they were asked to do that.
Mary and Alice aren't really my sisters.
Tom and Mary said they were afraid of snakes.
Let's wait and see what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to leave early.
Let's see what Tom and Mary have to say.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go swimming.
Let's have Tom and Mary do that for you.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go shopping.
Let's go see how Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be teachers.
It turns out Tom and Mary weren't lying.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be dentists.
It looks like Tom and Mary were correct.
Tom and Mary said they want to join our band.
It looks like Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Tom and Mary said they want to be architects.
It looks like Tom and Mary are prepared.
Tom and Mary said they walked home yesterday.
It looks like Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary said they tried to do that once.
It looks like Tom and Mary are confused.
Tom and Mary said they thought you'd do that.
It looked like Tom and Mary were shaken.
Tom and Mary said they slept well last night.
If Tom and Mary go to Boston, so will I.
Tom and Mary said they saw John this morning.
If Tom and Mary don't do that, who will?
Tom and Mary said they remembered doing that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary weren't surprised.
Tom and Mary said they regret not doing that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary feel the same way.
Tom and Mary said they now regret doing that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't know either.
Tom and Mary said they needed some more time.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are quite sincere.
Tom and Mary said they liked teaching French.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are going to help.
Tom and Mary said they liked studying French.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are aware of that.
Tom and Mary said they liked speaking French.
I'm sorry to hear Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary said they learned something new.
I'm not sure that Tom and Mary know yet.
Tom and Mary said they just needed more time.
I'm not as creative as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they hope John can do that.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary weren't hurt.
Tom and Mary said they heard someone yelling.
I'm from Boston and so are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary said they heard someone snoring.
I'm convinced Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary said they heard someone singing.
I'm amazed Tom and Mary are still alive.
Tom and Mary said they heard John doing that.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary aren't late.
Tom and Mary said they haven't yet done that.
I'll go find out where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they haven't done that yet.
I'll do what Tom and Mary tell me to do.
Tom and Mary said they had something for you.
I'll do that if Tom and Mary want me to.
Tom and Mary said they had no reason to stay.
I'll do anything that Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary said they enjoy teaching French.
I'll bet Tom and Mary don't know either.
Tom and Mary said they enjoy studying French.
I'd say Tom and Mary were only bluffing.
Tom and Mary said they don't work on Mondays.
I'd say Tom and Mary are pushing thirty.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to do that.
I'd like to know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they don't mind doing that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary weren't there.
Tom and Mary said they don't know what to do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were so angry.
Tom and Mary said they don't do that anymore.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were arrested.
Tom and Mary said they didn't wait very long.
I wonder why Tom and Mary never do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know the rules.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom and Mary said they didn't intend to stay.
I wonder why Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have insurance.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have any money.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so sleepy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't care what I do.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so skinny.
Tom and Mary said they didn't agree with you.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so scared.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't speak French.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so lonely.
Tom and Mary said they could wait until 2:30.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so hungry.
Tom and Mary said they could help us do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so afraid.
Tom and Mary said they considered doing that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they can't wait any longer.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like beer.
Tom and Mary said they assumed you'd do that.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary have left.
Tom and Mary said they asked John to do that.
I wonder what made Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they acted in self-defense.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are thinking.
Tom and Mary said the explosion woke them up.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are planning.
Tom and Mary said that they'd call you later.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are drinking.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't prepared.
I wonder if Tom and Mary have been hurt.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't offended.
I wonder how Tom and Mary are taking it.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't homesick.
I won't let Tom and Mary do that to you.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sleepy.
I was right and Tom and Mary were wrong.
Tom and Mary said that they were very scared.
I was as surprised as Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said that they were very lonely.
I want to make sure Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary said that they were very hungry.
I want to know how Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very amused.
I thought that Tom and Mary were guilty.
Tom and Mary said that they were unimpressed.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't sleeping.
Tom and Mary said that they were unconvinced.
I thought Tom and Mary were unimpressed.
Tom and Mary said that they were unconcerned.
I thought Tom and Mary were really good.
Tom and Mary said that they were sympathetic.
I thought Tom and Mary were pretty good.
Tom and Mary said that they were really sick.
I thought Tom and Mary were outstanding.
Tom and Mary said that they were really rich.
I thought Tom and Mary were on vacation.
Tom and Mary said that they were really poor.
I thought Tom and Mary were on our team.
Tom and Mary said that they were really cold.
I thought Tom and Mary were home asleep.
Tom and Mary said that they were really busy.
I thought Tom and Mary were from Boston.
Tom and Mary said that they were ready to go.
I thought Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
Tom and Mary said that they were overwhelmed.
I thought Tom and Mary were discouraged.
Tom and Mary said that they were intoxicated.
I thought Tom and Mary were accountants.
Tom and Mary said that they were heartbroken.
I think that Tom and Mary were offended.
Tom and Mary said that they were embarrassed.
I think that Tom and Mary are dangerous.
Tom and Mary said that they were discouraged.
I think Tom and Mary were only bluffing.
Tom and Mary said that they saw John do that.
I think Tom and Mary really want to win.
Tom and Mary said that they needed the money.
I think Tom and Mary really are doctors.
Tom and Mary said that they needed more time.
I think Tom and Mary need a little help.
Tom and Mary said that they enjoyed the food.
I think Tom and Mary look like teachers.
Tom and Mary said that they couldn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary don't like it here.
Tom and Mary said that they could see ghosts.
I think Tom and Mary are waiting for me.
Tom and Mary said some men had attacked them.
I think Tom and Mary are too aggressive.
Tom and Mary run faster than you, don't they?
I think Tom and Mary are still homesick.
Tom and Mary refused the food I offered them.
I think Tom and Mary are still homeless.
Tom and Mary really do swim well, don't they?
I think Tom and Mary are still confused.
Tom and Mary realized they shouldn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are self-conscious.
Tom and Mary realized they needed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are retired by now.
Tom and Mary ran away as soon as they saw me.
I think Tom and Mary are probably wrong.
Tom and Mary put you up to this, didn't they?
I think Tom and Mary are probably right.
Tom and Mary promised they'd be more careful.
I think Tom and Mary are looking for us.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd study French.
I think Tom and Mary are jealous of you.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd do that.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be OK.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd be here.
I think Tom and Mary are from Australia.
Tom and Mary probably know I don't like them.
I think Tom and Mary are finally asleep.
Tom and Mary probably did that by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Tom and Mary only do that when they're drunk.
I think Tom and Mary are about to leave.
Tom and Mary never told me why they did that.
I think I can help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary never told me where they worked.
I sure hope Tom and Mary like this song.
Tom and Mary never go kayaking by themselves.
I sure hope Tom and Mary arrive on time.
Tom and Mary never go anywhere by themselves.
I still think Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary never felt sorry for themselves.
I still don't know who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary never denied that they did that.
I should've helped Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary need to talk to John themselves.
I should do what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary must've done that by themselves.
I really thought Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary might think you don't like them.
I need to make sure Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary might help if you asked them to.
I like broccoli, but Tom and Mary don't.
Tom and Mary might get fired if they do that.
I know why Tom and Mary were doing that.
Tom and Mary might get fined if they do that.
I know why Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary may take all the time they need.
I know why Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary may not be as rich as they seem.
I know why Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary may not be as busy as they seem.
I know what Tom and Mary are looking at.
Tom and Mary may get injured if they do that.
I know what Tom and Mary are doing here.
Tom and Mary managed to do that on their own.
I know that Tom and Mary work very hard.
Tom and Mary looked like they'd seen a ghost.
I know that Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary looked like they were surprised.
I know that Tom and Mary have been sick.
Tom and Mary looked like they were skeptical.
I know that Tom and Mary have been hurt.
Tom and Mary looked like they were satisfied.
I know that Tom and Mary don't like you.
Tom and Mary looked like they were miserable.
I know that Tom and Mary are unfriendly.
Tom and Mary looked like they were irritated.
I know that Tom and Mary are suspicious.
Tom and Mary looked like they were impressed.
I know that Tom and Mary are successful.
Tom and Mary looked like they were impatient.
I know that Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
Tom and Mary looked like they were exhausted.
I know that Tom and Mary are overweight.
Tom and Mary looked like they were disgusted.
I know that Tom and Mary are optimistic.
Tom and Mary looked like they were desperate.
I know that Tom and Mary are interested.
Tom and Mary looked like they were depressed.
I know that Tom and Mary are illiterate.
Tom and Mary looked like they were contented.
I know that Tom and Mary are frustrated.
Tom and Mary looked like they were confident.
I know that Tom and Mary are frightened.
Tom and Mary looked like they were concerned.
I know that Tom and Mary are downstairs.
Tom and Mary looked like they were attentive.
I know that Tom and Mary are dependable.
Tom and Mary look older than they really are.
I know that Tom and Mary are courageous.
Tom and Mary look like they're uncomfortable.
I know how Tom and Mary feel about that.
Tom and Mary locked themselves in their room.
I know Tom and Mary have gone to Boston.
Tom and Mary live by themselves in the woods.
I know Tom and Mary don't like swimming.
Tom and Mary like to do things by themselves.
I know Tom and Mary are up to something.
Tom and Mary like taking walks by themselves.
I knew that Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
Tom and Mary lied about who they'd been with.
I knew that Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary know what they're talking about.
I hope Tom and Mary never do that again.
Tom and Mary know we didn't do this for them.
I hope Tom and Mary know what not to do.
Tom and Mary know they ought to do that soon.
I hope Tom and Mary know how to do that.
Tom and Mary know they need to do that today.
I hope Tom and Mary don't do that again.
Tom and Mary know they made the right choice.
I hope Tom and Mary do better next time.
Tom and Mary know they have to do that today.
I hope Tom and Mary continue to do that.
Tom and Mary know that they ought to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't too stubborn.
Tom and Mary know that they have to be ready.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't still crying.
Tom and Mary know exactly what they're doing.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't at the party.
Tom and Mary knew what they were looking for.
I hope Tom and Mary appreciate all this.
Tom and Mary knew what they were going to do.
I help Tom and Mary do that quite often.
Tom and Mary knew they were no longer needed.
I have to make sure Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary knew that they couldn't do that.
I have a feeling Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary just do what they're told to do.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were so sick.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves in French.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were doctors.
Tom and Mary hoped they'd be able to do that.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still mad.
Tom and Mary hoped they wouldn't be too late.
I doubt Tom and Mary are really doctors.
Tom and Mary hid themselves under their beds.
I don't think Tom and Mary were kidding.
Tom and Mary help whoever asks them for help.
I don't think Tom and Mary speak French.
Tom and Mary haven't told me who helped them.
I don't think Tom and Mary like to swim.
Tom and Mary have vowed that they'll do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary like spinach.
Tom and Mary have told me they won't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary like anybody.
Tom and Mary have told me they can't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary enjoy hiking.
Tom and Mary have to take care of themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are reliable.
Tom and Mary have paid back what they owe us.
I don't think Tom and Mary are prepared.
Tom and Mary have no one to give them advice.
I don't think Tom and Mary are mistaken.
Tom and Mary have no idea what they're doing.
I don't think Tom and Mary are involved.
Tom and Mary have no idea how lucky they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary have never said they were sorry.
I don't think Tom and Mary are homesick.
Tom and Mary have been unlucky, haven't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are handsome.
Tom and Mary have a long drive ahead of them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are friendly.
Tom and Mary had to do everything themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are finished.
Tom and Mary had breakfast all by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are confused.
Tom and Mary got exactly what they asked for.
I don't think Tom and Mary are careless.
Tom and Mary got angry when I told them that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are busy now.
Tom and Mary folded their T-shirts carefully.
I don't think Tom and Mary are bluffing.
Tom and Mary fixed the car all by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are Canadian.
Tom and Mary finished the work by themselves.
I don't like pizza, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary don't want to live on their own.
I don't know, but I bet Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary don't want to call their lawyer.
I don't know why Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary don't think they'll get the job.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary don't think they should do that.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary don't think I did that, do they?
I don't know why Tom and Mary are angry.
Tom and Mary don't think I can swim, do they?
I don't know where Tom and Mary are now.
Tom and Mary don't really mean that, do they?
I don't know how much Tom and Mary make.
Tom and Mary don't really live here, do they?
I didn't think Tom and Mary were sleepy.
Tom and Mary don't realize what they've lost.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were scared.
Tom and Mary don't like to repeat themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were lonely.
Tom and Mary don't like repeating themselves.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were hungry.
Tom and Mary don't know you're here, do they?
I didn't think Tom and Mary were asleep.
Tom and Mary don't know where they were born.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were afraid.
Tom and Mary don't know what they're missing.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were absent.
Tom and Mary don't know what they need to do.
I didn't say Tom and Mary weren't smart.
Tom and Mary don't have their phones on them.
I didn't say Tom and Mary were involved.
Tom and Mary don't have much money with them.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary don't feel they need to do that.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary live here.
Tom and Mary don't feel they have to do that.
I didn't know why Tom and Mary were sad.
Tom and Mary do whatever they're asked to do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were worried.
Tom and Mary disguised themselves as beggars.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were unhappy.
Tom and Mary didn't waste any time, did they?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so rich.
Tom and Mary didn't want to go by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were singers.
Tom and Mary didn't tell John they were busy.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were retired.
Tom and Mary didn't take umbrellas with them.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were nervous.
Tom and Mary didn't seem very busy, did they?
I didn't know Tom and Mary were jealous.
Tom and Mary didn't say who they'd gone with.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were injured.
Tom and Mary didn't look like they were busy.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were doctors.
Tom and Mary didn't know when they'd be back.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were at home.
Tom and Mary didn't know they should do that.
I could tell Tom and Mary were relieved.
Tom and Mary didn't know they had to do that.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary didn't know how lucky they were.
I can't sing as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't even say they were sorry.
I can't cook as well as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't buy what I asked them to.
I bet Tom and Mary don't have any plans.
Tom and Mary did what we expected them to do.
I assume Tom and Mary are up to no good.
Tom and Mary did that very fast, didn't they?
I always thought Tom and Mary were good.
Tom and Mary did that the way they were told.
I admitted that Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary did that the way I told them to.
How young do you think Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary did that because I told them to.
How often do Tom and Mary go to parties?
Tom and Mary did that as often as they could.
How much more time do Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary decided not to go by themselves.
How much food do Tom and Mary have left?
Tom and Mary could've done that on their own.
How much do you think Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary could get hurt if they did that.
How much do Tom and Mary know about you?
Tom and Mary could do that if they wanted to.
How many times did Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary confessed that they were guilty.
How many mistakes did Tom and Mary make?
Tom and Mary cleaned the house by themselves.
How many daughters do Tom and Mary have?
Tom and Mary claimed they've never done that.
How long were Tom and Mary in the water?
Tom and Mary claimed that they were innocent.
How long have Tom and Mary been waiting?
Tom and Mary claim they've done that already.
How long have Tom and Mary been missing?
Tom and Mary claim they've already done that.
How long have Tom and Mary been in town?
Tom and Mary certainly work hard, don't they?
How long have Tom and Mary been friends?
Tom and Mary can't go anywhere by themselves.
How have Tom and Mary been treating you?
Tom and Mary can't do anything by themselves.
How do you think Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary can take care of themselves now.
How did you know Tom and Mary were sick?
Tom and Mary can leave early if they want to.
Have you ever seen Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary can blame no one but themselves.
Have Tom and Mary told you anything yet?
Tom and Mary brought their daughters to work.
Have Tom and Mary ever worked in Boston?
Tom and Mary believed everything I told them.
Have Tom and Mary ever tried to do that?
Tom and Mary ate half the cake by themselves.
Have Tom and Mary ever seen you do that?
Tom and Mary ate breakfast all by themselves.
Have Tom and Mary eaten anything at all?
Tom and Mary asked if they needed to do that.
Have Tom and Mary been talking about me?
Tom and Mary asked John to help them do that.
Find out what Tom and Mary are carrying.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what they should do.
Even Tom and Mary were having fun today.
Tom and Mary aren't sure they should do that.
Even Tom and Mary don't want to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure how much they drank.
Even Tom and Mary don't do that anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't like people say they are.
Don't Tom and Mary want anything to eat?
Tom and Mary aren't going with you, are they?
Does anyone know where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary aren't doing anything, are they?
Do you think Tom and Mary were murdered?
Tom and Mary aren't disturbing you, are they?
Do you think Tom and Mary were confused?
Tom and Mary are working as fast as they can.
Do you think Tom and Mary use hairspray?
Tom and Mary are very talkative, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are too young?
Tom and Mary are very dedicated, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still mad?
Tom and Mary are very conceited, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are satisfied?
Tom and Mary are very ambitious, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are in Boston?
Tom and Mary are sure they can do that again.
Do you think Tom and Mary are dangerous?
Tom and Mary are still swimming, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are conceited?
Tom and Mary are sick, so they won't do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are all right?
Tom and Mary are reviewing all their options.
Do you remember where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary are really unhappy, aren't they?
Do you really think Tom and Mary are OK?
Tom and Mary are really patient, aren't they?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are crying?
Tom and Mary are really nervous, aren't they?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are absent?
Tom and Mary are really jealous, aren't they?
Do you know where Tom and Mary are from?
Tom and Mary are really good at what they do.
Do you know what Tom and Mary look like?
Tom and Mary are quite talented, aren't they?
Do you know what Tom and Mary are up to?
Tom and Mary are quite stubborn, aren't they?
Do you know what Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary are quite creative, aren't they?
Do you always help Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary are quite careless, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary want to go home with us?
Tom and Mary are quite busy now, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary want to do that with us?
Tom and Mary are pretty unhappy, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary still think John did it?
Tom and Mary are pretty patient, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary still really want to go?
Tom and Mary are pretty nervous, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary still like Chinese food?
Tom and Mary are pretty good at what they do.
Do Tom and Mary still have one of those?
Tom and Mary are much younger than they look.
Do Tom and Mary still do that every day?
Tom and Mary are much smarter than they look.
Do Tom and Mary really want me to leave?
Tom and Mary are lucky they didn't get fired.
Do Tom and Mary really want another dog?
Tom and Mary are lucky that they can do that.
Do Tom and Mary need to stay home today?
Tom and Mary are lucky that John helped them.
Do Tom and Mary like this kind of music?
Tom and Mary are looking for their passports.
Do Tom and Mary know you can't eat nuts?
Tom and Mary are in their rooms, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary know why you left early?
Tom and Mary are good at tennis, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary know why you didn't win?
Tom and Mary are good at French, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary know where you got that?
Tom and Mary are going with you, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary have to stay home today?
Tom and Mary are going to do that themselves.
Do Tom and Mary have civil service jobs?
Tom and Mary are going to be OK, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary have an air conditioner?
Tom and Mary are doing what they enjoy doing.
Do Tom and Mary always behave like that?
Tom and Mary are doing what they can to help.
Do Tom and Mary already know about this?
Tom and Mary are being truthful, aren't they?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were tired?
Tom and Mary are being sensible, aren't they?
Did you know Tom and Mary were sleeping?
Tom and Mary are being reckless, aren't they?
Did you know Tom and Mary were in there?
Tom and Mary are at home with their children.
Did I mention Tom and Mary were doctors?
Tom and Mary are as ready as they'll ever be.
Could you make sure Tom and Mary are OK?
Tom and Mary are absent because they're sick.
Can you tell me where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary always seem to be by themselves.
Can you find out where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary always go fishing by themselves.
Be quiet. Tom and Mary are still asleep.
Tom and Mary admitted they wanted to do that.
At least we know Tom and Mary are alive.
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd lied to me.
Are you saying Tom and Mary are thieves?
Tom and Mary admitted that they'd been wrong.
Are Tom and Mary still staying with you?
Tom and Mary admitted that they weren't sure.
Are Tom and Mary still living in Boston?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were worried.
Are Tom and Mary still friends of yours?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were nervous.
Are Tom and Mary really going to Boston?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were jealous.
Are Tom and Mary really French teachers?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were curious.
Are Tom and Mary going to swim tomorrow?
Tom and Mary actually did that by themselves.
Are Tom and Mary going to do that today?
Tell Tom and Mary you'd like to go with them.
Are Tom and Mary always here on Mondays?
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do that today.
All Tom and Mary do is play video games.
Tell Tom and Mary I need to talk to them now.
You shouldn't let Tom and Mary do that.
Please tell Tom and Mary they should do that.
You said that Tom and Mary were hungry.
Let Tom and Mary do whatever they want to do.
You look tired, but Tom and Mary don't.
It looks like Tom and Mary are by themselves.
You agreed to let Tom and Mary do that.
I've known Tom and Mary since they were kids.
Why would Tom and Mary do such a thing?
I've known Tom and Mary since they were born.
Why weren't Tom and Mary allowed to go?
I'm sure Tom and Mary are doing all they can.
Why were Tom and Mary left there alone?
I'm convinced Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Why should I care what Tom and Mary do?
I'll tell Tom and Mary we're going with them.
Why haven't Tom and Mary done that yet?
I want Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
Why haven't Tom and Mary come back yet?
I told Tom and Mary to do that by themselves.
Why exactly would Tom and Mary do that?
I told Tom and Mary that they should do that.
Why don't you let Tom and Mary do that?
I told Tom and Mary that they had to do that.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to eat now?
I told Tom and Mary I'd like to talk to them.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to do that?
I told Tom and Mary I wanted to go with them.
Why don't Tom and Mary need to do that?
I think Tom and Mary will do as they're told.
Why don't Tom and Mary like this hotel?
I think Tom and Mary want to kill themselves.
Why don't Tom and Mary have to do that?
I think Tom and Mary want me to go with them.
Why do you think Tom and Mary are late?
I think Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
Why do you think Tom and Mary are here?
I think Tom and Mary can do that if they try.
Why do Tom and Mary want us to do this?
I think Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary want to talk to me?
I packed Tom's and Mary's suitcases for them.
Why do Tom and Mary want to go with us?
I let Tom and Mary talk me into helping them.
Why do Tom and Mary want to be doctors?
I hope Tom and Mary know what they should do.
Why do Tom and Mary want me to do that?
I don't think Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Why did Tom and Mary want to help John?
I didn't tell Tom and Mary that I loved them.
Why aren't Tom and Mary eating with us?
I asked Tom and Mary why they were in Boston.
Why aren't Tom and Mary doing that now?
I asked Tom and Mary why they didn't do that.
Why aren't Tom and Mary coming tonight?
I asked Tom and Mary what they were drinking.
Why are Tom and Mary wearing name tags?
How long did Tom and Mary say they'd be gone?
Why are Tom and Mary staying in Boston?
Don't let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary dressed like that?
Do Tom and Mary still think they can do that?
Why are Tom and Mary being so stubborn?
Do Tom and Mary still put sugar in their tea?
Why are Tom and Mary being so generous?
Do Tom and Mary know why you don't like them?
Why are Tom and Mary always so unlucky?
Do Tom and Mary know we want them to do that?
Why are Tom and Mary afraid to do that?
Do Tom and Mary always do that by themselves?
Who knows where Tom and Mary were born?
Did Tom and Mary tell John why they did that?
Who do Tom and Mary think will help us?
Did Tom and Mary say why they weren't coming?
Who do Tom and Mary think will do that?
Did Tom and Mary say why they wanted to quit?
Who are Tom and Mary trying to impress?
Did Tom and Mary say why they gave it to you?
When do Tom and Mary usually eat lunch?
Did Tom and Mary say how long they'd be away?
When are Tom and Mary going to do that?
Did Tom and Mary really think we'd help them?
When Tom and Mary do that, let me know.
Did Tom and Mary explain why they were angry?
What'll we do if Tom and Mary are late?
Call Tom and Mary and tell them where we are.
What were Tom and Mary doing yesterday?
Call Tom and Mary and tell them to come here.
What were Tom and Mary doing out there?
Ask Tom and Mary when they plan to come back.
What were Tom and Mary doing down here?
Ask Tom and Mary if they know how to do that.
What were Tom and Mary doing at school?
Ask Tom and Mary if they can help us do that.
What should Tom and Mary do about that?
You should ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
What kind of jobs did Tom and Mary get?
You need to call Tom and Mary and tell them.
What kind of food do Tom and Mary like?
You have to call Tom and Mary and tell them.
What have Tom and Mary been accused of?
Why would Tom and Mary want me to help them?
What else do Tom and Mary want to know?
Who did Tom and Mary say taught them French?
What don't Tom and Mary want us to see?
Where were Tom and Mary when we needed them?
What do Tom and Mary think of all this?
When do Tom and Mary expect us to help them?
What do Tom and Mary eat for breakfast?
What did Tom and Mary say they wanted to do?
What do Tom and Mary do in the evening?
We'll let Tom and Mary speak for themselves.
What are Tom and Mary still doing here?
Usually Tom and Mary get whatever they want.
What are Tom and Mary so worried about?
Tom's and Mary's shoes are too big for them.
What are Tom and Mary so unhappy about?
Tom and Mary wrapped themselves in blankets.
What are Tom and Mary so nervous about?
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that by themselves.
What are Tom and Mary so curious about?
Tom and Mary wouldn't allow us to help them.
What are Tom and Mary going to do next?
Tom and Mary wouldn't allow me to help them.
What are Tom and Mary doing with those?
Tom and Mary would've gone if they could've.
What are Tom and Mary doing these days?
Tom and Mary would do that if they knew how.
What are Tom and Mary doing over there?
Tom and Mary won't go camping by themselves.
What Tom and Mary were saying was true.
Tom and Mary won't do that today, will they?
Were Tom and Mary surprised to see you?
Tom and Mary won't do that again, will they?
Were Tom and Mary able to do that well?
Tom and Mary won't admit that they're wrong.
We're not sure Tom and Mary are coming.
Tom and Mary wished they had studied harder.
We'll wait until Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary wished they had more free time.
We'll leave when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary wish they were better swimmers.
We know Tom and Mary are decent people.
Tom and Mary will get fired if they do that.
We could tell Tom and Mary were scared.
Tom and Mary will get dirty if they do that.
We both know Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary will do what I tell them to do.
We all thought Tom and Mary were crazy.
Tom and Mary will do that when they come in.
We all knew Tom and Mary were bluffing.
Tom and Mary will deal with this themselves.
We all hope Tom and Mary get well soon.
Tom and Mary were where they said they'd be.
Try to get here before Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary were where John said they'd be.
Tom's and Mary's cars are always dirty.
Tom and Mary were told they need to do that.
Tom isn't quite sure why this happened.
Tom and Mary were told they have to do that.
Tom and Mary weren't prepared for that.
Tom and Mary were sitting all by themselves.
Tom and Mary weren't playing the piano.
Tom and Mary were sick, so they didn't come.
Tom and Mary weren't able to find work.
Tom and Mary were in the room by themselves.
Tom and Mary were the people in charge.
Tom and Mary were hoping they could do that.
Tom and Mary seem to be having fun now.
Tom and Mary were glad they got there early.
Tom and Mary really wanted to hug John.
Tom and Mary went to the park by themselves.
Tom and Mary plan to just stay at home.
Tom and Mary wanted to talk to their lawyer.
Tom and Mary only speak French at home.
Tom and Mary wanted to cry, but they didn't.
Tom and Mary have told us not to worry.
Tom and Mary wanted me to read them a story.
Tom and Mary have told me not to worry.
Tom and Mary wanted me to do that with them.
Tom and Mary have to do that right now.
Tom and Mary want us to think they're happy.
Tom and Mary have never been on a ship.
Tom and Mary tried to do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have lived in many places.
Tom and Mary tried to comfort their mothers.
Tom and Mary have gone to the hospital.
Tom and Mary tried doing that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have already gone to work.
Tom and Mary took these pictures themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to study music.
Tom and Mary told us why they'd been absent.
Tom and Mary don't want to say goodbye.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be here by 2:30.
Tom and Mary don't want to read a book.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't surprised.
Tom and Mary don't want to pay in cash.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't want to go with you.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't impressed.
Tom and Mary don't want to go swimming.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't convinced.
Tom and Mary don't want to go by train.
Tom and Mary told me they were still afraid.
Tom and Mary don't want to eat with us.
Tom and Mary told me they were going to win.
Tom and Mary don't want to change that.
Tom and Mary told me they were glad to help.
Tom and Mary don't want to be teachers.
Tom and Mary told me they were feeling fine.
Tom and Mary don't want to be surgeons.
Tom and Mary told me they were disappointed.
Tom and Mary don't plan on being there.
Tom and Mary told me they were all worn out.
Tom and Mary aren't willing to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't used to doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they needed some money.
Tom and Mary aren't tired, but John is.
Tom and Mary told me they needed more money.
Tom and Mary aren't the ones in charge.
Tom and Mary told me they might not do that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure where John is.
Tom and Mary told me they like Chinese food.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what it means.
Tom and Mary told me they knew who did that.
Tom and Mary aren't sure what happened.
Tom and Mary told me they enjoyed the party.
Tom and Mary aren't my friends anymore.
Tom and Mary told me they enjoyed the movie.
Tom and Mary aren't going to stop here.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't have a car.
Tom and Mary aren't going to help John.
Tom and Mary told me that they're skeptical.
Tom and Mary aren't going to find John.
Tom and Mary told me that they're exhausted.
Tom and Mary aren't going to back down.
Tom and Mary told me that they're depressed.
Tom and Mary aren't feeling well today.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd leave soon.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that anymore.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd come again.
Tom and Mary aren't doing anything now.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be careful.
Tom and Mary aren't doing anything new.
Tom and Mary told me that they were worried.
Tom and Mary aren't carrying umbrellas.
Tom and Mary told me that they were unlucky.
Tom and Mary aren't as tired as we are.
Tom and Mary told me that they were through.
Tom and Mary aren't as busy as you are.
Tom and Mary told me that they were thirsty.
Tom and Mary aren't afraid of the dark.
Tom and Mary told me that they were stuffed.
Tom and Mary are way ahead of schedule.
Tom and Mary told me that they were starved.
Tom and Mary are waiting for your call.
Tom and Mary told me that they were serious.
Tom and Mary are waiting for something.
Tom and Mary told me that they were retired.
Tom and Mary are very important people.
Tom and Mary told me that they were puzzled.
Tom and Mary are very excited about it.
Tom and Mary told me that they were pleased.
Tom and Mary are trying to impress you.
Tom and Mary told me that they were nervous.
Tom and Mary are trying to change that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were married.
Tom and Mary are too old to play games.
Tom and Mary told me that they were jealous.
Tom and Mary are supposed to help John.
Tom and Mary told me that they were furious.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for you.
Tom and Mary told me that they were excited.
Tom and Mary are still figuring it out.
Tom and Mary told me that they were curious.
Tom and Mary are still as busy as ever.
Tom and Mary told me that they were certain.
Tom and Mary are staring at each other.
Tom and Mary told me that they were at home.
Tom and Mary are real excited about it.
Tom and Mary told me that they were adopted.
Tom and Mary are probably still hungry.
Tom and Mary told John they'd never do that.
Tom and Mary are probably already dead.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't married.
Tom and Mary are pretty logical people.
Tom and Mary told John they were interested.
Tom and Mary are pretty good at French.
Tom and Mary told John that they were upset.
Tom and Mary are much younger than you.
Tom and Mary told John that they were tired.
Tom and Mary are making a lot of noise.
Tom and Mary told John that they were sorry.
Tom and Mary are lucky John isn't here.
Tom and Mary told John that they were ready.
Tom and Mary are looking into that now.
Tom and Mary told John that they were happy.
Tom and Mary are looking for the truth.
Tom and Mary told John that they were broke.
Tom and Mary are living somewhere else.
Tom and Mary told John that they were bored.
Tom and Mary are listening to the news.
Tom and Mary told John that they were alone.
Tom and Mary are likely to come by cab.
Tom and Mary thought they were going to win.
Tom and Mary are leaving here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary thought they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary are just looking for John.
Tom and Mary thought they needed to do that.
Tom and Mary are interested in helping.
Tom and Mary think they're stronger than me.
Tom and Mary are interested in biology.
Tom and Mary tapped their feet on the floor.
Tom and Mary are interested in animals.
Tom and Mary swear they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary are good baseball players.
Tom and Mary sure likes oranges, don't they?
Tom and Mary are going to work tonight.
Tom and Mary still call their fathers Daddy.
Tom and Mary are going to work on that.
Tom and Mary shouldn't have quit their jobs.
Tom and Mary are going to visit Boston.
Tom and Mary should've done that themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to take it slow.
Tom and Mary should do that if they want to.
Tom and Mary are going to need lawyers.
Tom and Mary seldom go hiking by themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to make it work.
Tom and Mary seemed very tired, didn't they?
Tom and Mary are going to make changes.
Tom and Mary seemed very sure of themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to make a video.
Tom and Mary seemed very angry, didn't they?
Tom and Mary are going to look into it.
Tom and Mary seemed quite busy, didn't they?
Tom and Mary are going to have to move.
Tom and Mary seem fairly sure of themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to buy new cars.
Tom and Mary say they've never won anything.
Tom and Mary are going to John's party.
Tom and Mary say they've never seen a panda.
Tom and Mary are going there next week.
Tom and Mary say they've been asked to stay.
Tom and Mary are doing the wrong thing.
Tom and Mary say they've been asked to help.
Tom and Mary are coming to pick you up.
Tom and Mary say they're willing to help us.
Tom and Mary are coming here right now.
Tom and Mary say they're too old to do that.
Tom and Mary are aware of the problems.
Tom and Mary say they're feeling very tired.
Tom and Mary already regret doing that.
Tom and Mary say they're feeling better now.
The plane Tom and Mary were on crashed.
Tom and Mary say they'll study French today.
The less Tom and Mary know, the better.
Tom and Mary say they'll get home on Monday.
That's what Tom and Mary are afraid of.
Tom and Mary say they'd be happy to do that.
That's all Tom and Mary are capable of.
Tom and Mary say they won't wait any longer.
Shouldn't we help Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary say they won't need to do that.
Please tell me Tom and Mary are joking.
Tom and Mary say they won't help us do that.
Please hurry! Tom and Mary are waiting.
Tom and Mary say they won't have to do that.
Perhaps Tom and Mary were feeling sick.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that for you.
Perhaps Tom and Mary know who did that.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that anymore.
Perhaps Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary say they want to talk with you.
Pay attention to what Tom and Mary say.
Tom and Mary say they want to go to Harvard.
No one's seen Tom and Mary for a while.
Tom and Mary say they want to go home early.
Maybe Tom and Mary were in an accident.
Tom and Mary say they want to do that today.
Maybe Tom and Mary just don't like you.
Tom and Mary say they want to buy a new car.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't want anything.
Tom and Mary say they want something to eat.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't need our help.
Tom and Mary say they understood everything.
Maybe Tom and Mary are way ahead of us.
Tom and Mary say they tried to do that once.
Maybe Tom and Mary are in the hospital.
Tom and Mary say they think it's impossible.
Make sure Tom and Mary get home safely.
Tom and Mary say they saw something strange.
Let's just hope Tom and Mary are alone.
Tom and Mary say they need to talk with you.
Let's hope Tom and Mary don't find out.
Tom and Mary say they need my help tomorrow.
Let's hope Tom and Mary do that for us.
Tom and Mary say they need another computer.
Let's find out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary say they know why you did that.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary say they know John can do that.
It's not as easy as Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary say they just want to be happy.
It sounds like Tom and Mary are crying.
Tom and Mary say they just couldn't do that.
It seems like Tom and Mary are in love.
Tom and Mary say they hope that you do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary say they hope John can do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are worried.
It looks like Tom and Mary are winning.
It looks like Tom and Mary are unhappy.
Tom and Mary say they have plans to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are puzzled.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot of friends.
It looks like Tom and Mary are pleased.
Tom and Mary say they felt sick an hour ago.
It looks like Tom and Mary are nervous.
Tom and Mary say they enjoy teaching French.
It looks like Tom and Mary are leaving.
Tom and Mary say they enjoy studying French.
It looks like Tom and Mary are jealous.
Tom and Mary say they enjoy speaking French.
It looks like Tom and Mary are in love.
Tom and Mary say they don't wish to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are healthy.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are furious.
Tom and Mary say they don't need to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are excited.
Tom and Mary say they don't know what to do.
It looks like Tom and Mary are annoyed.
Tom and Mary say they don't know the answer.
It looks as if Tom and Mary are crying.
Tom and Mary say they don't know any French.
It looked like Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary say they don't have to do that.
It doesn't matter what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel well today.
If Tom and Mary go swimming, so will I.
Tom and Mary say they don't do that anymore.
If Tom and Mary do that, I'll be happy.
Tom and Mary say they can't wait any longer.
If Tom and Mary ask me to stay, I will.
Tom and Mary say that they're good students.
I'm surprised Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do that today.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary say that they'll come tomorrow.
I'm sure that's what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary say that doesn't surprise them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary know what to say.
Tom and Mary say John will do that for them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are exaggerating.
Tom and Mary said they've seen John do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are disappointed.
Tom and Mary said they've done that already.
I'm so glad that Tom and Mary are gone.
Tom and Mary said they've been to Australia.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary wear wigs.
Tom and Mary said they've been feeling sick.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary said they've been busy all day.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary said they've already done that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary said they're home every Monday.
I'm positive Tom and Mary speak French.
Tom and Mary said they're glad you did that.
I'm not sure if Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary said they're afraid to do that.
I'm not so sure Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary said they'd stopped doing that.
I'm not so sure Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not go home.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary like that.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not eat now.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not do that.
I'm glad Tom and Mary were able to win.
Tom and Mary said they'd pick me up at 2:30.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are here to help.
Tom and Mary said they'd never see me again.
I'm a student, but Tom and Mary aren't.
Tom and Mary said they'd never ever do that.
I'll let Tom and Mary do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary said they'd love to go with us.
I'll go and see if Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary said they'd likely not do that.
I'll do that if Tom and Mary ask me to.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to go with us.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't ready.
Tom and Mary said they'd lend me some money.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so upset.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that themselves.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so tired.
Tom and Mary said they'd definitely do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so timid.
Tom and Mary said they'd clean up this mess.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so happy.
Tom and Mary said they'd call me right back.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so drunk.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing help us.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so dirty.
Tom and Mary said they'd be willing do that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so angry.
Tom and Mary said they'd be home for dinner.
I wonder what Tom and Mary think of me.
Tom and Mary said they'd be glad to do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are writing.
Tom and Mary said they'd be doing that soon.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want to dance.
Tom and Mary said they'd be busy until 2:30.
I wonder if Tom and Mary want that job.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back right away.
I won't let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back in October.
I wish Tom and Mary were more like you.
Tom and Mary said they'd be at school today.
I went over to where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to help us.
I wasn't as drunk as Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they'd be able to do that.
I want to know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't wait for us.
I understand that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't offered jobs.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
Tom and Mary said they weren't feeling well.
I told you Tom and Mary were dangerous.
Tom and Mary said they weren't disappointed.
I thought that Tom and Mary were happy.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to wait.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't worried.
Tom and Mary said they were told to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't at home.
Tom and Mary said they were looking for you.
I thought Tom and Mary were unemployed.
Tom and Mary said they were having fun, too.
I thought Tom and Mary were unbeatable.
Tom and Mary said they were going to Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary were suspicious.
Tom and Mary said they were going back home.
I thought Tom and Mary were my friends.
Tom and Mary said they were glad to see you.
I thought Tom and Mary were lying, too.
Tom and Mary said they were glad to be here.
I thought Tom and Mary were kidding me.
Tom and Mary said they were feeling thirsty.
I thought Tom and Mary were interested.
Tom and Mary said they were feeling nervous.
I thought Tom and Mary were in trouble.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to talk to me.
I thought Tom and Mary were having fun.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go sailing.
I thought Tom and Mary were happy here.
Tom and Mary said they want to study French.
I thought Tom and Mary were frightened.
Tom and Mary said they told John to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were downstairs.
Tom and Mary said they should've left early.
I thought Tom and Mary were carpenters.
Tom and Mary said they remember being there.
I think that's where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary said they regretted doing that.
I think maybe Tom and Mary were scared.
Tom and Mary said they planned to go Monday.
I think Tom and Mary speak French well.
Tom and Mary said they plan to study French.
I think Tom and Mary never leave early.
Tom and Mary said they noticed a difference.
I think Tom and Mary know why I'm here.
Tom and Mary said they need to study French.
I think Tom and Mary know who did that.
Tom and Mary said they need to get some air.
I think Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Tom and Mary said they may possibly do that.
I think Tom and Mary feel the same way.
Tom and Mary said they may agree to do that.
I think Tom and Mary eat too much meat.
Tom and Mary said they liked the new carpet.
I think Tom and Mary don't like to ski.
Tom and Mary said they like teaching French.
I think Tom and Mary complain too much.
Tom and Mary said they like studying French.
I think Tom and Mary aren't dependable.
Tom and Mary said they like speaking French.
I think Tom and Mary are untrustworthy.
Tom and Mary said they had to go home early.
I think Tom and Mary are unpredictable.
Tom and Mary said they had a wonderful time.
I think Tom and Mary are uninteresting.
Tom and Mary said they felt like doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are unintelligent.
Tom and Mary said they felt good about that.
I think Tom and Mary are unimaginative.
Tom and Mary said they feel like doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are uncomfortable.
Tom and Mary said they don't want to retire.
I think Tom and Mary are too outspoken.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want you here.
I think Tom and Mary are too confident.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to sleep.
I think Tom and Mary are too assertive.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to leave.
I think Tom and Mary are still worried.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to dance.
I think Tom and Mary are still outside.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to argue.
I think Tom and Mary are still nervous.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want me to go.
I think Tom and Mary are still curious.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want anything.
I think Tom and Mary are self-centered.
Tom and Mary said they didn't remember John.
I think Tom and Mary are overemotional.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need to hurry.
I think Tom and Mary are narrow-minded.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need our help.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to win.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need anything.
I think Tom and Mary are likely to cry.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need a lawyer.
I think Tom and Mary are just confused.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have bicycles.
I think Tom and Mary are irresponsible.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a lawyer.
I think Tom and Mary are in the garden.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a choice.
I think Tom and Mary are good swimmers.
Tom and Mary said they did that three times.
I think Tom and Mary are getting ready.
Tom and Mary said they can't sing very well.
I think Tom and Mary are conscientious.
Tom and Mary said they appreciated the help.
I think Tom and Mary are afraid of you.
Tom and Mary said they agree it's a problem.
I sure hope Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said the gunshots woke them up.
I saw how Tom and Mary were doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they'd come tomorrow.
I remember seeing Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't worried.
I offered to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't unhappy.
I know you better than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't thirsty.
I know why Tom and Mary don't like you.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't shocked.
I know why Tom and Mary are suspicious.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't serious.
I know why Tom and Mary are in trouble.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't retired.
I know why Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't nervous.
I know where Tom and Mary hide the key.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't married.
I know what Tom and Mary like to drink.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't healthy.
I know what Tom and Mary are afraid of.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't annoyed.
I know that Tom and Mary were offended.
Tom and Mary said that they were very upset.
I know that Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom and Mary said that they were very tired.
I know that Tom and Mary aren't stupid.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sorry.
I know that Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
Tom and Mary said that they were very lucky.
I know that Tom and Mary are skeptical.
Tom and Mary said that they were very happy.
I know that Tom and Mary are satisfied.
Tom and Mary said that they were very drunk.
I know that Tom and Mary are reputable.
Tom and Mary said that they were very broke.
I know that Tom and Mary are obstinate.
Tom and Mary said that they were very bored.
I know that Tom and Mary are obnoxious.
Tom and Mary said that they were very angry.
I know that Tom and Mary are motivated.
Tom and Mary said that they were unemployed.
I know that Tom and Mary are irritated.
Tom and Mary said that they were suspicious.
I know that Tom and Mary are intrigued.
Tom and Mary said that they were really mad.
I know that Tom and Mary are incorrect.
Tom and Mary said that they were quite busy.
I know that Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary said that they were optimistic.
I know that Tom and Mary are impressed.
Tom and Mary said that they were interested.
I know that Tom and Mary are impatient.
Tom and Mary said that they were in a hurry.
I know that Tom and Mary are exhausted.
Tom and Mary said that they were frustrated.
I know that Tom and Mary are dishonest.
Tom and Mary said that they were frightened.
I know that Tom and Mary are different.
Tom and Mary said that they want to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are desperate.
Tom and Mary said that they never said that.
I know that Tom and Mary are depressed.
Tom and Mary said that they could swim well.
I know that Tom and Mary are dangerous.
Tom and Mary said John told them to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are confident.
Tom and Mary really scared you, didn't they?
I know that Tom and Mary are concerned.
Tom and Mary realized they'd made a mistake.
I know that Tom and Mary are conceited.
Tom and Mary promised they'd do that for us.
I know that Tom and Mary are ambitious.
Tom and Mary promised they'd do that for me.
I know that Tom and Mary agree with me.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't do that.
I know precisely how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't be late.
I know how busy Tom and Mary have been.
Tom and Mary pretty much kept to themselves.
I know Tom and Mary have to leave soon.
Tom and Mary pretty much keep to themselves.
I know Tom and Mary have been arrested.
Tom and Mary prefer to do that on their own.
I know Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Tom and Mary plan to retire when they're 65.
I know Tom and Mary aren't that stupid.
Tom and Mary plan to go there by themselves.
I know Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
Tom and Mary painted their house themselves.
I know Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Tom and Mary ought to do that by themselves.
I just found out Tom and Mary are dead.
Tom and Mary only do what I tell them to do.
I hope that Tom and Mary pass the exam.
Tom and Mary often go fishing by themselves.
I hope that Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary never told me where they lived.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't watching us.
Tom and Mary never told me what they wanted.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't heartbroken.
Tom and Mary never told me they had a horse.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't embarrassed.
Tom and Mary never admitted they were wrong.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't disobedient.
Tom and Mary need to sort it out themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't discouraged.
Tom and Mary need all the help they can get.
I hope Tom and Mary are waiting for us.
Tom and Mary moved as quickly as they could.
I hope Tom and Mary are in a good mood.
Tom and Mary might not want us to help them.
I hope Tom and Mary are going to be OK.
Tom and Mary might go fishing by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are doing that now.
Tom and Mary might get hurt if they do that.
I heard that Tom and Mary are stubborn.
Tom and Mary may leave anytime they want to.
I heard Tom and Mary were in Australia.
Tom and Mary may do that wherever they want.
I have no idea where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary may do that anywhere they want.
I have no idea where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary made up their minds to do that.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were coming.
Tom and Mary looked like they'd been crying.
I found out why Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't tired.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still up.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't happy.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary looked like they were sleeping.
I don't think Tom and Mary were joking.
Tom and Mary looked like they were relieved.
I don't think Tom and Mary like to ski.
Tom and Mary looked like they were prepared.
I don't think Tom and Mary know French.
Tom and Mary looked like they were offended.
I don't think Tom and Mary are worried.
Tom and Mary looked like they were finished.
I don't think Tom and Mary are unlucky.
Tom and Mary looked like they were confused.
I don't think Tom and Mary are thirsty.
Tom and Mary look like they're ready to cry.
I don't think Tom and Mary are strange.
Tom and Mary look like they're going to cry.
I don't think Tom and Mary are serious.
Tom and Mary look like they're disappointed.
I don't think Tom and Mary are selfish.
Tom and Mary look like they're about to cry.
I don't think Tom and Mary are retired.
Tom and Mary look like they'd like to leave.
I don't think Tom and Mary are outside.
Tom and Mary look like they don't feel well.
I don't think Tom and Mary are nervous.
Tom and Mary lied about why they were fired.
I don't think Tom and Mary are jealous.
Tom and Mary know you'll never forgive them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are correct.
Tom and Mary know they're going to be fired.
I don't think Tom and Mary are annoyed.
Tom and Mary know they should do that today.
I don't think Tom and Mary are adopted.
Tom and Mary know they need to study French.
I don't know why Tom and Mary hate you.
Tom and Mary know they need to do that soon.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are late.
Tom and Mary know they have to study French.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary know they have to speak French.
I don't know how tall Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary know they have to keep working.
I don't know how rich Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary know they have to do that soon.
I don't eat as much as Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary know that they need to do that.
I don't care if Tom and Mary go or not.
Tom and Mary know that they have to do that.
I don't believe Tom and Mary are spies.
Tom and Mary knew they wouldn't be punished.
I do that the same way Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary knew they were in deep trouble.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were upset.
Tom and Mary knew that they were overweight.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary killed themselves last October.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary insisted they wouldn't do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were ready.
Tom and Mary hoped that they'd win the race.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were drunk.
Tom and Mary hid themselves behind the tree.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were broke.
Tom and Mary hid themselves behind the door.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were bored.
Tom and Mary haven't been themselves lately.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were awake.
Tom and Mary have shown us what they can do.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were angry.
Tom and Mary have said they want to do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were alone.
Tom and Mary have said they need to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were so old.
Tom and Mary have said they have to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were sleepy.
Tom and Mary have more money than they need.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were scared.
Tom and Mary have left, but they'll be back.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were lonely.
Tom and Mary have friends who can help them.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were hungry.
Tom and Mary have everything that they want.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were asleep.
Tom and Mary have everything that they need.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were afraid.
Tom and Mary have done the best they can do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were absent.
Tom and Mary have denied that they did that.
I can't believe Tom and Mary have gone.
Tom and Mary hate me as much as I hate them.
I can understand how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary felt they had to say something.
I bet Tom and Mary know how to do that.
Tom and Mary felt they didn't have a choice.
I assume you know who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary eat only what they want to eat.
I assume Tom and Mary are here to help.
Tom and Mary don't yet know what they'll do.
I asked what Tom and Mary were reading.
Tom and Mary don't want to do that, do they?
I already know where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary don't think they could do that.
I already know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary don't need to do that, do they?
I already know what Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary don't look like they're lonely.
How tall do you think Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary don't know what they're saying.
How old were Tom and Mary at that time?
Tom and Mary don't know what they'll do yet.
How often do Tom and Mary have parties?
Tom and Mary don't have to do that, do they?
How often do Tom and Mary go to Boston?
Tom and Mary don't believe they can do that.
How much money do Tom and Mary owe you?
Tom and Mary don't always complain, do they?
How much do Tom and Mary spend a month?
Tom and Mary do whatever we tell them to do.
How long were Tom and Mary at the park?
Tom and Mary do that even when they're sick.
How long have Tom and Mary lived there?
Tom and Mary do anything we tell them to do.
How long have Tom and Mary been crying?
Tom and Mary didn't pass the exam, did they?
How long have Tom and Mary been around?
Tom and Mary didn't eat breakfast, did they?
How long have Tom and Mary been abroad?
Tom and Mary didn't do that again, did they?
How long did Tom and Mary have to wait?
Tom and Mary didn't deny that they did that.
How do you know Tom and Mary are there?
Tom and Mary didn't believe what they heard.
How do Tom and Mary intend to fix this?
Tom and Mary did that while they were drunk.
How could you let Tom and Mary do this?
Tom and Mary did that entirely on their own.
How could Tom and Mary do such a thing?
Tom and Mary did that as soon as they could.
How are Tom and Mary going to help you?
Tom and Mary did that as fast as they could.
How are Tom and Mary going to find out?
Tom and Mary cried when they heard the news.
Haven't Tom and Mary told you anything?
Tom and Mary couldn't make themselves heard.
Have Tom and Mary said anything to you?
Tom and Mary couldn't look after themselves.
Have Tom and Mary promised to be there?
Tom and Mary couldn't do that by themselves.
Have Tom and Mary meet us here at 2:30.
Tom and Mary could've hurt themselves today.
Have Tom and Mary given you any advice?
Tom and Mary could've done it by themselves.
Have Tom and Mary ever lived in Boston?
Tom and Mary claimed they waited until 2:30.
Have Tom and Mary eaten anything today?
Tom and Mary claim that they didn't do that.
Have Tom and Mary done something wrong?
Tom and Mary claim that doesn't bother them.
Have Tom and Mary been eating properly?
Tom and Mary chuckled quietly to themselves.
Everybody knew Tom and Mary were dying.
Tom and Mary can't swim very well, can they?
Even Tom and Mary were speaking French.
Tom and Mary can't do everything themselves.
Don't you think Tom and Mary are right?
Tom and Mary can sleep here if they want to.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that anymore.
Tom and Mary can do that wherever they want.
Do you think Tom and Mary were helpful?
Tom and Mary can do that anywhere they want.
Do you think Tom and Mary were annoyed?
Tom and Mary can come, too, if they want to.
Do you think Tom and Mary have changed?
Tom and Mary brought their daughter to work.
Do you think Tom and Mary are talented?
Tom and Mary bought what they needed to buy.
Do you think Tom and Mary are still up?
Tom and Mary begged me to help them do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are reliable?
Tom and Mary assured us that they'd do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are innocent?
Tom and Mary assured me that they'd do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are friendly?
Tom and Mary asked me to stay and help them.
Do you see what Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary asked me if they could do that.
Do you know why Tom and Mary were late?
Tom and Mary asked me if I agreed with them.
Do you know where Tom and Mary are now?
Tom and Mary asked John to do that for them.
Do you know how much Tom and Mary make?
Tom and Mary aren't very good at their jobs.
Do you know how Tom and Mary are doing?
Tom and Mary aren't going to lose, are they?
Do Tom and Mary study French every day?
Tom and Mary aren't doing the best they can.
Do Tom and Mary still like Indian food?
Tom and Mary are well paid for what they do.
Do Tom and Mary still believe in magic?
Tom and Mary are very talented, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary sometimes go to Boston?
Tom and Mary are very sure they can do that.
Do Tom and Mary really want to do that?
Tom and Mary are very stubborn, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary really want me do this?
Tom and Mary are very outgoing, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary really need to do that?
Tom and Mary are very generous, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary really have to do that?
Tom and Mary are very friendly, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary really hate doing that?
Tom and Mary are very creative, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary play tennis very often?
Tom and Mary are very careless, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary own any other property?
Tom and Mary are very busy now, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary know you're doing this?
Tom and Mary are very annoying, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary know you can't do that?
Tom and Mary are unsure what they should do.
Do Tom and Mary know what you're doing?
Tom and Mary are trying as hard as they can.
Do Tom and Mary know we don't eat meat?
Tom and Mary are troublemakers, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary know anything about it?
Tom and Mary are still unsure of themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know about this report?
Tom and Mary are really strong, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary have a younger brother?
Tom and Mary are really hungry, aren't they?
Didn't you know Tom and Mary were rich?
Tom and Mary are quite nervous, aren't they?
Did you know Tom and Mary were unhappy?
Tom and Mary are quite liberal, aren't they?
Did Tom and Mary do that intentionally?
Tom and Mary are proud of what they've done.
Currently, Tom and Mary live in Boston.
Tom and Mary are pretty proud of themselves.
Clearly, Tom and Mary aren't buying it.
Tom and Mary are much better than they were.
Can't you see Tom and Mary are injured?
Tom and Mary are in your class, aren't they?
Can you tell us where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary are in their room, aren't they?
Can you tell me where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary are in Boston now, aren't they?
Can you see where Tom and Mary are now?
Tom and Mary are good teachers, aren't they?
As far as I know, Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are good students, aren't they?
Are you saying Tom and Mary were wrong?
Tom and Mary are good at everything they do.
Are you saying Tom and Mary were right?
Tom and Mary are getting ready, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary still working for you?
Tom and Mary are doing what they want to do.
Are Tom and Mary still studying French?
Tom and Mary are doing what they need to do.
Are Tom and Mary still playing outside?
Tom and Mary are doing what they love to do.
Are Tom and Mary still in the hospital?
Tom and Mary are doing what they have to do.
Are Tom and Mary still able to do that?
Tom and Mary are confident they can do that.
Are Tom and Mary still French teachers?
Tom and Mary are at home with their parents.
Are Tom and Mary going to swim with us?
Tom and Mary always said they could do that.
Are Tom and Mary going to sing tonight?
Tom and Mary already knew that, didn't they?
Are Tom and Mary going to school today?
Tom and Mary admitted they'd made a mistake.
Are Tom and Mary going to be all right?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were guilty.
Are Tom and Mary getting enough to eat?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were afraid.
Are Tom and Mary doing the right thing?
Tom and Mary acted like they didn't know me.
Are Tom and Mary different than before?
Tell Tom and Mary we want to talk with them.
Are Tom and Mary determined to do that?
Tell Tom and Mary that I'm here to see them.
Are Tom and Mary coming to pick you up?
Tell Tom and Mary that I'll be calling them.
Apparently, Tom and Mary don't like me.
Just tell Tom and Mary I'm looking for them.
All Tom and Mary ever do is play games.
If you want to tell Tom and Mary, tell them.
You're stronger than Tom and Mary are.
If Tom and Mary said they'd help, they will.
You said that Tom and Mary were alive.
If Tom and Mary ask me to help them, I will.
You know Tom and Mary don't trust you.
I'll tell Tom and Mary you asked about them.
You know Tom and Mary don't like that.
I'll ask Tom and Mary if they need any help.
Why were Tom and Mary told to do that?
I wonder why Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Why on earth did Tom and Mary do that?
I wish Tom and Mary would behave themselves.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to see me?
I waved to Tom and Mary and they waved back.
Why don't Tom and Mary just let us go?
I told Tom and Mary to stay where they were.
Why don't Tom and Mary ever work late?
I told Tom and Mary to handle it themselves.
Why don't Tom and Mary agree with you?
I told Tom and Mary that I agreed with them.
Why do you think Tom and Mary like it?
I think Tom and Mary got home by themselves.
Why do you think Tom and Mary hate me?
I think Tom and Mary did that by themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary sometimes do that?
I suspect Tom and Mary got what they wanted.
Why didn't Tom and Mary do that today?
I promised Tom and Mary that we'd help them.
Why did you make Tom and Mary do that?
I like Tom and Mary, but they don't like me.
Why did Tom and Mary do that that way?
I hope Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
Why aren't Tom and Mary fighting back?
I hope Tom and Mary know how lucky they are.
Why are Tom and Mary still doing that?
I hope Tom and Mary are behaving themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary so grouchy today?
I didn't ask Tom and Mary where they'd gone.
Why are Tom and Mary so good at chess?
I asked Tom and Mary why they weren't happy.
Why are Tom and Mary doing that today?
I asked Tom and Mary what they were reading.
Why are Tom and Mary coming to Boston?
I always let Tom and Mary do what they want.
Who knows when Tom and Mary were born?
Do you think Tom and Mary killed themselves?
Who do Tom and Mary want to sing with?
Do Tom and Mary know I want them to do that?
Where do Tom and Mary want to do that?
Didn't Tom and Mary tell you they'd do that?
Where do Tom and Mary need to do that?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they were late?
Where do Tom and Mary have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary tell you why they did that?
Where are Tom and Mary supposed to go?
Did Tom and Mary tell you what they told me?
Where are Tom and Mary supposed to be?
Did Tom and Mary say they wanted to do that?
Where are Tom and Mary going to sleep?
Did Tom and Mary say they needed to do that?
When are Tom and Mary going to arrive?
Call Tom and Mary and ask them to come back.
What would Tom and Mary do without us?
You should tell Tom and Mary they're wrong.
What would Tom and Mary do without me?
Why didn't Tom and Mary tell me themselves?
What were Tom and Mary fighting about?
Why did Tom and Mary do that by themselves?
What were Tom and Mary doing in there?
Who did Tom and Mary think would help them?
What were Tom and Mary confused about?
When did Tom and Mary say they were coming?
What should I do if Tom and Mary come?
What else did Tom and Mary say they needed?
What instruments do Tom and Mary play?
We should ask Tom and Mary what they think.
What if Tom and Mary were still alive?
Tom and Mary write very neatly, don't they?
What do you suppose Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary wouldn't eat that, would they?
What do Tom and Mary think about this?
Tom and Mary work harder than they used to.
What do Tom and Mary think about that?
Tom and Mary wondered what they should say.
What do Tom and Mary have against you?
Tom and Mary won't tell us where they live.
What do Tom and Mary expect in return?
Tom and Mary will say what they always say.
What do Tom and Mary do every morning?
Tom and Mary will never forgive themselves.
What did Tom and Mary do this morning?
Tom and Mary will have to go by themselves.
What did Tom and Mary do after dinner?
Tom and Mary will go fishing by themselves.
What are Tom and Mary trying to prove?
Tom and Mary will do that if you help them.
What are Tom and Mary going to do now?
Tom and Mary will be all right, won't they?
What are Tom and Mary even doing here?
Tom and Mary were wrong and I told them so.
What are Tom and Mary doing with that?
Tom and Mary were told they should do that.
What are Tom and Mary doing right now?
Tom and Mary were shocked by what they saw.
What are Tom and Mary doing out there?
Tom and Mary were nearly killed themselves.
What are Tom and Mary doing in Boston?
Tom and Mary were lucky they could do that.
Were Tom and Mary supposed to do that?
Tom and Mary warmed themselves by the fire.
Were Tom and Mary in Boston yesterday?
Tom and Mary wanted to pay off their loans.
Were Tom and Mary in Boston last week?
Tom and Mary wanted to pay off their debts.
We're not sure where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary wanted to go, but they didn't.
We won't start till Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary wanted me to do that for them.
We heard Tom and Mary were in trouble.
Tom and Mary want us to know they did that.
We believe Tom and Mary were murdered.
Tom and Mary want to remodel their kitchen.
We all hope Tom and Mary win the race.
Tom and Mary want to leave, but they can't.
Wake me up when Tom and Mary get home.
Tom and Mary want me to help them tomorrow.
Tom isn't quite sure why this happens.
Tom and Mary usually get what they ask for.
Tom and Mary weren't talking about us.
Tom and Mary usually do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary were wearing blue shirts.
Tom and Mary tried to comfort their mother.
Tom and Mary were trying to help John.
Tom and Mary told us they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary were pretty disappointed.
Tom and Mary told us they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary were just being cautious.
Tom and Mary told us that they'd cooperate.
Tom and Mary were hungry this morning.
Tom and Mary told me they've never met you.
Tom and Mary want to buy a few things.
Tom and Mary told me they'd try to do that.
Tom and Mary probably want to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they'd try doing that.
Tom and Mary own a thirteen-acre farm.
Tom and Mary told me they'd rather go home.
Tom and Mary only drink bottled water.
Tom and Mary told me they'd likely do that.
Tom and Mary need to buy a few things.
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that for us.
Tom and Mary haven't been complaining.
Tom and Mary told me they'd call you later.
Tom and Mary have been to Boston once.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be coming back.
Tom and Mary got married to Canadians.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary got jobs teaching French.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't ticklish.
Tom and Mary don't want to wear jeans.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't prepared.
Tom and Mary don't want to go, either.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't offended.
Tom and Mary don't want to go outside.
Tom and Mary told me they were very hungry.
Tom and Mary don't want to go hunting.
Tom and Mary told me they were unimpressed.
Tom and Mary don't want to contribute.
Tom and Mary told me they were unconvinced.
Tom and Mary don't want to be with us.
Tom and Mary told me they were sympathetic.
Tom and Mary don't want to be with me.
Tom and Mary told me they were really busy.
Tom and Mary don't want to be singers.
Tom and Mary told me they were ready to go.
Tom and Mary don't want to be like me.
Tom and Mary told me they were over thirty.
Tom and Mary don't want to be doctors.
Tom and Mary told me they were headed home.
Tom and Mary don't want to be at home.
Tom and Mary told me they were from Boston.
Tom and Mary don't want to be artists.
Tom and Mary told me they were feeling bad.
Tom and Mary don't know why John left.
Tom and Mary told me they were embarrassed.
Tom and Mary aren't working this week.
Tom and Mary told me they were discouraged.
Tom and Mary aren't really my cousins.
Tom and Mary told me they were coming back.
Tom and Mary aren't prepared for that.
Tom and Mary told me they tried to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't in the same place.
Tom and Mary told me they ought to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to stop you.
Tom and Mary told me they needed more time.
Tom and Mary aren't going to stop now.
Tom and Mary told me they liked to do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to help you.
Tom and Mary told me they liked doing that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to find you.
Tom and Mary told me they hated doing that.
Tom and Mary aren't going to catch me.
Tom and Mary told me they had to work late.
Tom and Mary aren't going out tonight.
Tom and Mary told me they had to walk home.
Tom and Mary aren't as old as you are.
Tom and Mary told me they had to stay home.
Tom and Mary are working this weekend.
Tom and Mary told me they had a job for me.
Tom and Mary are working hard on that.
Tom and Mary told me they forgot something.
Tom and Mary are watching a movie now.
Tom and Mary told me they enjoyed the show.
Tom and Mary are very happy with that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like dogs.
Tom and Mary are unwilling to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like cats.
Tom and Mary are trying to save money.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't like beer.
Tom and Mary are the people in charge.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't feel well.
Tom and Mary are still waiting for me.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't feel safe.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't feel cold.
Tom and Mary are skeptical about that.
Tom and Mary told me they did that in 2013.
Tom and Mary are sitting on the floor.
Tom and Mary told me they did that for you.
Tom and Mary are running out of water.
Tom and Mary told me they did that already.
Tom and Mary are running out of money.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't help me.
Tom and Mary are pretty proud of that.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't do that.
Tom and Mary are pretty near finished.
Tom and Mary told me they ate way too much.
Tom and Mary are pretty much finished.
Tom and Mary told me that they're prepared.
Tom and Mary are planning to be there.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd done that.
Tom and Mary are now living in Boston.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be absent.
Tom and Mary are now in John's office.
Tom and Mary told me that they were unhurt.
Tom and Mary are never here on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they were sleepy.
Tom and Mary are my only friends here.
Tom and Mary told me that they were scared.
Tom and Mary are making some progress.
Tom and Mary told me that they were lonely.
Tom and Mary are making good progress.
Tom and Mary told me that they were hungry.
Tom and Mary are making a big mistake.
Tom and Mary told me that they were afraid.
Tom and Mary are looking for a lawyer.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't sleepy.
Tom and Mary are looking for John now.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't hungry.
Tom and Mary are likely to be elected.
Tom and Mary told John they had to do that.
Tom and Mary are keeping an eye on it.
Tom and Mary told John they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are just passing through.
Tom and Mary told John that they'd do that.
Tom and Mary are just getting started.
Tom and Mary told John that they were safe.
Tom and Mary are here to support John.
Tom and Mary told John that they were hurt.
Tom and Mary are here to protect John.
Tom and Mary told John that they were full.
Tom and Mary are helping John do that.
Tom and Mary told John that they were cold.
Tom and Mary are heading back to town.
Tom and Mary told John that they were busy.
Tom and Mary are having problems here.
Tom and Mary told John about what they did.
Tom and Mary are grateful to be alive.
Tom and Mary threatened to kill themselves.
Tom and Mary are good friends of mine.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be able to win.
Tom and Mary are going tomorrow night.
Tom and Mary themselves may have done that.
Tom and Mary are going to wait for me.
Tom and Mary take themselves too seriously.
Tom and Mary are going to need a loan.
Tom and Mary sure do that well, don't they?
Tom and Mary are going to invite John.
Tom and Mary still call their father Daddy.
Tom and Mary are going to go get John.
Tom and Mary slammed the door as they left.
Tom and Mary are going to change that.
Tom and Mary showed me where they found it.
Tom and Mary are getting a lot better.
Tom and Mary shouted as loud as they could.
Tom and Mary are fortunate to be here.
Tom and Mary should be proud of themselves.
Tom and Mary are extremely optimistic.
Tom and Mary say we can start without them.
Tom and Mary are concerned about that.
Tom and Mary say they've never owned a car.
Tom and Mary are concerned about John.
Tom and Mary say they've done that already.
Tom and Mary are buying food for John.
Tom and Mary say they've already done that.
Tom and Mary are building a new plaza.
Tom and Mary say they're working very hard.
Tom and Mary are both French teachers.
Tom and Mary say they're never coming back.
Tom and Mary are being treated fairly.
Tom and Mary say they're hoping to do that.
Tom and Mary are aware of the problem.
Tom and Mary say they're getting a divorce.
Tom and Mary are almost finished here.
Tom and Mary say they're afraid to do that.
Tom and Mary are able to speak French.
Tom and Mary say they'll keep working hard.
Tom and Mary always wear nice clothes.
Tom and Mary say they'll go to Boston soon.
Tom and Mary always get to work early.
Tom and Mary say they'll do whatever we do.
Tom and John aren't really my brother.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that on Monday.
This isn't what Tom and Mary need now.
Tom and Mary say they'll come to the party.
The people in charge are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather not do that.
That's what Tom and Mary want to know.
Tom and Mary say they want to study French.
That's what Tom and Mary get paid for.
Tom and Mary say they want to speak to you.
That's exactly what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary say they want to speak French.
That's exactly what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary say they want to learn French.
Thank God Tom and Mary weren't killed.
Tom and Mary say they want to go to Boston.
Surely Tom and Mary are aware of that.
Tom and Mary say they want to do that, too.
Stay here until Tom and Mary get back.
Tom and Mary say they used to teach French.
Please tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they used to study French.
Please make sure Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they plan to study French.
Please don't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they need to study French.
Obviously, Tom and Mary are very rich.
Tom and Mary say they like teaching French.
Nobody's seen Tom and Mary in a month.
Tom and Mary say they like studying French.
No one's seen Tom and Mary in a while.
Tom and Mary say they like speaking French.
Maybe Tom and Mary aren't coming back.
Tom and Mary say they have to work tonight.
Mary and Alice aren't really my aunts.
Tom and Mary say they have to study French.
Let's wait till Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary say they have to speak French.
Let's see if Tom and Mary are at home.
Tom and Mary say they have plan to do that.
Let's not forget who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they had a very good time.
Let's hope Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary say they feel much better now.
Let's hope Tom and Mary are listening.
Tom and Mary say they feel like doing that.
Let's hope Tom and Mary are all right.
Tom and Mary say they feel a little better.
Let's find out where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they don't have insurance.
Let's find out what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary say they didn't know about it.
It's Tom and Mary who need convincing.
Tom and Mary say they come here every year.
It's Tom and Mary who are the problem.
Tom and Mary say they can wait a long time.
It seems that Tom and Mary want to go.
Tom and Mary say that they're still hungry.
It looks like Tom and Mary were wrong.
Tom and Mary say that they want to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary say that they can't sing well.
It looks like Tom and Mary are sleepy.
Tom and Mary said they've done that before.
It looks like Tom and Mary are scared.
Tom and Mary said they've been here before.
It looks like Tom and Mary are lonely.
Tom and Mary said they've always done that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are hungry.
Tom and Mary said they're ready to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are crying.
Tom and Mary said they're going to do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are asleep.
Tom and Mary said they'll probably do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are afraid.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that tomorrow.
I've seen Tom and Mary do that before.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that for John.
I've heard that Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary said they'll buy that for you.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are honest.
Tom and Mary said they'd go back home soon.
I'm sure Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be there tomorrow.
I'm sure Tom and Mary understand that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be going by train.
I'm sure Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be busy on Monday.
I'm sure Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back on Monday.
I'm sure Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be at the meeting.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't want that.
Tom and Mary said they won't do that again.
I'm sure Tom and Mary appreciate that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't mad anymore.
I'm quite sure Tom and Mary want that.
Tom and Mary said they weren't from Boston.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary like you.
Tom and Mary said they weren't coming back.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary said they were ready to leave.
I'm on the same team Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they were good at French.
I'm not saying Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary said they were getting sleepy.
I'm not saying Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary said they were getting hungry.
I'm not certain Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they were getting drowsy.
I'm hoping Tom and Mary don't show up.
Tom and Mary said they were from Australia.
I'm happy that Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary said they were feeling hungry.
I'm glad Tom and Mary weren't injured.
Tom and Mary said they were asked to leave.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are on our team.
Tom and Mary said they were a little tired.
I'm almost as old as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to stay home.
I'll leave when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary said they wanted some company.
I'll have Tom and Mary do that for me.
Tom and Mary said they wanted more details.
I'll bet Tom and Mary were pretty mad.
Tom and Mary said they wanted a better job.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary said they want to talk to you.
I wonder why Tom and Mary aren't busy.
Tom and Mary said they want to change that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are worried.
Tom and Mary said they want to be teachers.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so thin.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was lying.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so lazy.
Tom and Mary said they think you're stupid.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so late.
Tom and Mary said they should've done that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so busy.
Tom and Mary said they saw John doing that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are outside.
Tom and Mary said they remember doing that.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are leaving.
Tom and Mary said they needed to stay home.
I wonder whether Tom and Mary like me.
Tom and Mary said they needed a dozen eggs.
I wonder where Tom and Mary have gone.
Tom and Mary said they need to go shopping.
I wonder where Tom and Mary came from.
Tom and Mary said they knew they could win.
I wonder what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary said they knew how to do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary need to do.
Tom and Mary said they intended to do that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary have to do.
Tom and Mary said they hope to change that.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are eating.
Tom and Mary said they had to go somewhere.
I wish Tom and Mary weren't mad at me.
Tom and Mary said they had somewhere to go.
I wish Tom and Mary were here with us.
Tom and Mary said they had nothing to hide.
I wish I knew where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they felt like giving up.
I wasn't ready, but Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they felt bad about that.
I wanted to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed the concert.
I want to know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to talk.
I thought that Tom and Mary were kind.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to sing.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't sleepy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want a party.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't scared.
Tom and Mary said they didn't study French.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
Tom and Mary said they didn't speak French.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't coming.
Tom and Mary said they didn't see anything.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't asleep.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need lawyers.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't afraid.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need a break.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't absent.
Tom and Mary said they didn't mind walking.
I thought Tom and Mary were very good.
Tom and Mary said they didn't mind waiting.
I thought Tom and Mary were terrified.
Tom and Mary said they didn't drink coffee.
I thought Tom and Mary were teenagers.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't find a job.
I thought Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't believe it.
I thought Tom and Mary were musicians.
Tom and Mary said they could do that today.
I thought Tom and Mary were miserable.
Tom and Mary said they bought that for you.
I thought Tom and Mary were mad at me.
Tom and Mary said they aren't going ashore.
I thought Tom and Mary were insincere.
Tom and Mary said that's not what they did.
I thought Tom and Mary were in school.
Tom and Mary said that they'd pay the bill.
I thought Tom and Mary were in prison.
Tom and Mary said that they'd go to Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary were in danger.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be back soon.
I thought Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't strong.
I thought Tom and Mary were impressed.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't sleepy.
I thought Tom and Mary were fantastic.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't scared.
I thought Tom and Mary were different.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't lonely.
I thought Tom and Mary were desperate.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't hungry.
I thought Tom and Mary were at school.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't guilty.
I thought Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't amused.
I think that's where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't afraid.
I think that's what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sick.
I think maybe Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary said that they were very rich.
I think maybe Tom and Mary are scared.
Tom and Mary said that they were very poor.
I think Tom and Mary were unimpressed.
Tom and Mary said that they were very cold.
I think Tom and Mary were only joking.
Tom and Mary said that they were very busy.
I think Tom and Mary were lying to us.
Tom and Mary said that they were unmarried.
I think Tom and Mary were lying to me.
Tom and Mary said that they were terrified.
I think Tom and Mary were embarrassed.
Tom and Mary said that they were surprised.
I think Tom and Mary have calmed down.
Tom and Mary said that they were skeptical.
I think Tom and Mary have been crying.
Tom and Mary said that they were satisfied.
I think Tom and Mary feel differently.
Tom and Mary said that they were mortified.
I think Tom and Mary don't have a dog.
Tom and Mary said that they were miserable.
I think Tom and Mary are unscrupulous.
Tom and Mary said that they were irritated.
I think Tom and Mary are unprejudiced.
Tom and Mary said that they were intrigued.
I think Tom and Mary are under thirty.
Tom and Mary said that they were impressed.
I think Tom and Mary are undependable.
Tom and Mary said that they were exhausted.
I think Tom and Mary are still sleepy.
Tom and Mary said that they were desperate.
I think Tom and Mary are still scared.
Tom and Mary said that they were depressed.
I think Tom and Mary are still hungry.
Tom and Mary said that they were concerned.
I think Tom and Mary are still asleep.
Tom and Mary said that they studied French.
I think Tom and Mary are still around.
Tom and Mary said that they needed my help.
I think Tom and Mary are still afraid.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are really smart.
Tom and Mary said more than they should've.
I think Tom and Mary are pretty angry.
Tom and Mary said it was them who did that.
I think Tom and Mary are hypocritical.
Tom and Mary ride their bicycles every day.
I think Tom and Mary are good leaders.
Tom and Mary realized they were in trouble.
I think Tom and Mary are good drivers.
Tom and Mary realized that they were wrong.
I think Tom and Mary are good coaches.
Tom and Mary realized that they were dying.
I think Tom and Mary are going to win.
Tom and Mary put their money in a shoe box.
I think Tom and Mary are following me.
Tom and Mary promised they'd keep in touch.
I think Tom and Mary are exaggerating.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd come early.
I think Tom and Mary are disappointed.
Tom and Mary promised me they wouldn't cry.
I think Tom and Mary are conservative.
Tom and Mary pretended that they were sick.
I think Tom and Mary are about to cry.
Tom and Mary prepared supper by themselves.
I think I know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary prepared dinner by themselves.
I sure hope Tom and Mary visit Boston.
Tom and Mary poured themselves some cereal.
I still think Tom and Mary are guilty.
I still consider Tom and Mary friends.
Tom and Mary now know what they have to do.
I speak French and so do Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary never told me they had horses.
I see why Tom and Mary don't like you.
Tom and Mary need to go home by themselves.
I refuse to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary need to do that by themselves.
I needed to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary may speak French if they want.
I need to know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary may speak French if they like.
I need to know what Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary may get fined if they do that.
I like sports, but Tom and Mary don't.
Tom and Mary may eat wherever they want to.
I know why Tom and Mary were arrested.
Tom and Mary may eat whenever they want to.
I know why Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom and Mary may eat whatever they want to.
I know why Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary may do that if they'd like to.
I know why Tom and Mary are terrified.
Tom and Mary may do that however they like.
I know why Tom and Mary are surprised.
Tom and Mary may do that any way they like.
I know why Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary looked like they weren't busy.
I know where Tom and Mary are staying.
Tom and Mary looked like they were worried.
I know what Tom and Mary are thinking.
Tom and Mary looked like they were unhappy.
I know what Tom and Mary are planning.
Tom and Mary looked like they were shocked.
I know that Tom and Mary are unafraid.
Tom and Mary looked like they were serious.
I know that Tom and Mary are ticklish.
Tom and Mary looked like they were relaxed.
I know that Tom and Mary are thrilled.
Tom and Mary looked like they were puzzled.
I know that Tom and Mary are talented.
Tom and Mary looked like they were pleased.
I know that Tom and Mary are stubborn.
Tom and Mary looked like they were nervous.
I know that Tom and Mary are relieved.
Tom and Mary looked like they were jealous.
I know that Tom and Mary are reliable.
Tom and Mary looked like they were healthy.
I know that Tom and Mary are reckless.
Tom and Mary looked like they were furious.
I know that Tom and Mary are prepared.
Tom and Mary looked like they were excited.
I know that Tom and Mary are mistaken.
Tom and Mary looked like they were curious.
I know that Tom and Mary are insecure.
Tom and Mary looked like they were baffled.
I know that Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary looked like they were anxious.
I know that Tom and Mary are homesick.
Tom and Mary looked like they were annoyed.
I know that Tom and Mary are homeless.
Tom and Mary look like they've lost weight.
I know that Tom and Mary are friendly.
Tom and Mary look like they've been crying.
I know that Tom and Mary are creative.
Tom and Mary look like they're unimpressed.
I know that Tom and Mary are confused.
Tom and Mary look like they're half asleep.
I know that Tom and Mary are bluffing.
Tom and Mary look like they're embarrassed.
I know that Tom and Mary are artistic.
Tom and Mary look like they're discouraged.
I know that Tom and Mary are arrogant.
Tom and Mary look like they're a bit tired.
I know that Tom and Mary are annoying.
Tom and Mary lived there all by themselves.
I know how dangerous Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary like to do that by themselves.
I know exactly where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary like doing that by themselves.
I know exactly what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary lied about where they grew up.
I know Tom and Mary were your friends.
Tom and Mary lack confidence in themselves.
I know Tom and Mary were disappointed.
Tom and Mary know what they're looking for.
I know Tom and Mary aren't happy here.
Tom and Mary know what they're going to do.
I know Tom and Mary are likely to cry.
Tom and Mary know they should study French.
I know Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
Tom and Mary know they should do that soon.
I knew that Tom and Mary weren't busy.
Tom and Mary know they did something wrong.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't in Boston.
Tom and Mary know that they'll be punished.
I knew Tom and Mary were going to win.
Tom and Mary know that they should do that.
I knew Tom and Mary were going to cry.
Tom and Mary know how to handle themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary were expecting us.
Tom and Mary know how to defend themselves.
I just hope Tom and Mary don't suffer.
Tom and Mary knew they were going to be OK.
I just heard Tom and Mary are missing.
Tom and Mary knew they were being followed.
I hope Tom and Mary refuse to do that.
Tom and Mary knew they had nothing to lose.
I hope Tom and Mary know who did that.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd been tricked.
I hope Tom and Mary know how fix this.
Tom and Mary kept the secret to themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary feel better today.
Tom and Mary just couldn't help themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get jealous.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to John.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get injured.
Tom and Mary insisted that they were right.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get annoyed.
Tom and Mary injured themselves doing that.
I hope Tom and Mary do the same thing.
Tom and Mary hired themselves an assistant.
I hope Tom and Mary continue to do so.
Tom and Mary helped us out when they could.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't suspicious.
Tom and Mary helped because they wanted to.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't frightened.
Tom and Mary have tried to kill themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't downstairs.
Tom and Mary have told me they can do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't doing that.
Tom and Mary have to do that by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are in Boston now.
Tom and Mary have said they should do that.
I have no idea what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary have only themselves to blame.
I had no idea Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary have done what they had to do.
I guess that's what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary have done everything they can.
I guess Tom and Mary are running late.
Tom and Mary have been lying, haven't they?
I doubt Tom and Mary know how to fish.
Tom and Mary had to go there by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary got everything they asked for.
I don't think Tom and Mary were happy.
Tom and Mary felt they had to do something.
I don't think Tom and Mary want to go.
Tom and Mary explained why they were there.
I don't think Tom and Mary understand.
Tom and Mary eat hotdogs whenever they can.
I don't think Tom and Mary have a car.
Tom and Mary drive sports cars, don't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are stupid.
Tom and Mary don't waste any time, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are strong.
Tom and Mary don't want you to go, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are strict.
Tom and Mary don't want to sell their cars.
I don't think Tom and Mary are stingy.
Tom and Mary don't think I did it, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are sleepy.
Tom and Mary don't really do that, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are skinny.
Tom and Mary don't look too happy, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are single.
Tom and Mary don't look like they're tired.
I don't think Tom and Mary are scared.
Tom and Mary don't know what they're doing.
I don't think Tom and Mary are lonely.
Tom and Mary don't know how lucky they are.
I don't think Tom and Mary are hungry.
Tom and Mary don't give up easily, do they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are honest.
Tom and Mary don't do their jobs very well.
I don't think Tom and Mary are guilty.
Tom and Mary do whatever we ask them to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are crying.
Tom and Mary do everything we tell them to.
I don't think Tom and Mary are coming.
Tom and Mary didn't say why they were late.
I don't think Tom and Mary are asleep.
Tom and Mary didn't say when they'd return.
I don't think Tom and Mary are afraid.
Tom and Mary didn't say anything, did they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are absent.
Tom and Mary didn't mention who they'd met.
I don't like anything Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary didn't go there by themselves.
I don't know why Tom and Mary hate me.
Tom and Mary did what you asked them to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary did what we wanted them to do.
I don't know why Tom and Mary are sad.
Tom and Mary did what they were told to do.
I don't know how old Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary did what they felt like doing.
I don't know how Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary did that when they were drunk.
I don't eat meat, but Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary did exactly as they were told.
I don't consider Tom and Mary friends.
Tom and Mary did do what you said they did.
I don't care who Tom and Mary talk to.
Tom and Mary did all they could do to help.
I don't care how Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary couldn't buy what they needed.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary could do anything they wanted.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary cooked themselves a good meal.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were upset.
Tom and Mary constantly check their phones.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary consider themselves pacifists.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were ready.
Tom and Mary consider themselves fortunate.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were dying.
Tom and Mary claimed they tried to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were drunk.
Tom and Mary claim they've never done that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were broke.
Tom and Mary can't take care of themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were bored.
Tom and Mary can't stay here by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were awake.
Tom and Mary can't do it all by themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were angry.
Tom and Mary can take a break if they want.
I could see Tom and Mary were unhappy.
Tom and Mary can stay with us if they like.
I consider Tom and Mary to be friends.
Tom and Mary can stay with me if they want.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary can stay as long as they like.
I can't make Tom and Mary do anything.
Tom and Mary can now do that by themselves.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are dead.
Tom and Mary can handle that by themselves.
I believe Tom and Mary are doing well.
Tom and Mary can do that however they like.
How well do Tom and Mary speak French?
Tom and Mary can do that by themselves now.
How old do you think Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary can do that any way they like.
How old did you say Tom and Mary were?
Tom and Mary came here to enjoy themselves.
How often do Tom and Mary play tennis?
Tom and Mary built the doghouse themselves.
How often do Tom and Mary go downtown?
Tom and Mary broke their arms last weekend.
How long were Tom and Mary here today?
Tom and Mary bought everything they wanted.
How long have Tom and Mary lived here?
Tom and Mary bought everything they needed.
How long have Tom and Mary been there?
Tom and Mary believe that they can do that.
How do you think Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary asked me to help them do that.
How do you know Tom and Mary are safe?
Tom and Mary asked me if I could help them.
How do Tom and Mary plan to celebrate?
Tom and Mary aren't as stupid as they seem.
How do Tom and Mary intend to do that?
Tom and Mary aren't as stupid as they look.
How are Tom and Mary going to do that?
Tom and Mary are your friends, aren't they?
How are Tom and Mary coming to Boston?
Tom and Mary are your cousins, aren't they?
Have Tom and Mary promised to help us?
Tom and Mary are very unlucky, aren't they?
Have Tom and Mary ever worked for you?
Tom and Mary are very unhappy, aren't they?
Have Tom and Mary ever visited Boston?
Tom and Mary are very patient, aren't they?
Have Tom and Mary ever threatened you?
Tom and Mary are very nervous, aren't they?
Have Tom and Mary ever studied French?
Tom and Mary are very helpful, aren't they?
Have Tom and Mary ever gone to Boston?
Tom and Mary are very good at what they do.
Have Tom and Mary been drinking today?
Tom and Mary are very careful, aren't they?
Have Tom and Mary already eaten lunch?
Tom and Mary are trying to sell their cars.
Even Tom and Mary don't dance anymore.
Tom and Mary are swimming now, aren't they?
Either Tom and Mary are wrong or I am.
Tom and Mary are sure they need to do that.
Don't Tom and Mary want to go with us?
Tom and Mary are sure they have to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are worried?
Tom and Mary are sure that they'll succeed.
Do you think Tom and Mary are wealthy?
Tom and Mary are studying now, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are unlucky?
Tom and Mary are still single, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are unhappy?
Tom and Mary are still hungry, aren't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are serious?
Tom and Mary are still asleep, aren't they?
Do you still let Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary are so cute when they do that.
Do you know why Tom and Mary were mad?
Tom and Mary are really smart, aren't they?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are late?
Tom and Mary are really naive, aren't they?
Do you know how tall Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary are really happy, aren't they?
Do you guys know who Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary are really angry, aren't they?
Do you even know who Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary are quite strong, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary want to do that today?
Tom and Mary are pretty smart, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary want something to eat?
Tom and Mary are positive they can do that.
Do Tom and Mary talk to you in French?
Tom and Mary are picky about what they eat.
Do Tom and Mary still want to go home?
Tom and Mary are much older than they look.
Do Tom and Mary still want to do that?
Tom and Mary are lucky they can still walk.
Do Tom and Mary still think John lied?
Tom and Mary are lucky that we helped them.
Do Tom and Mary still plan to help us?
Tom and Mary are hurt, but they'll be fine.
Do Tom and Mary still need to do that?
Tom and Mary are grumpy today, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary still have to do that?
Tom and Mary are good singers, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary still hate each other?
Tom and Mary are going to do what they can.
Do Tom and Mary speak French fluently?
Tom and Mary are going to die, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary really need your help?
Tom and Mary are going back to their hotel.
Do Tom and Mary often borrow your car?
Tom and Mary are going as fast as they can.
Do Tom and Mary need to do that again?
Tom and Mary are doing everything they can.
Do Tom and Mary need to be doing that?
Tom and Mary are being unfair, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary like your new haircut?
Tom and Mary are angry at you, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary know why you did that?
Tom and Mary are always blaming themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know what's happening?
Tom and Mary are a lot of fun, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary know what you've done?
Tom and Mary apologized for what they said.
Do Tom and Mary know we never do that?
Tom and Mary always expect me to help them.
Do Tom and Mary know we can't do that?
Tom and Mary almost look happy, don't they?
Do Tom and Mary know that you're here?
Tom and Mary admitted they were very tired.
Do Tom and Mary help you wash windows?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were wrong.
Do Tom and Mary have to do that today?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were tired.
Do Tom and Mary have to do that again?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were broke.
Do Tom and Mary have hunting licenses?
Tom and John miss their wives and children.
Do Tom and Mary have health insurance?
This is what Tom and Mary said they wanted.
Do Tom and Mary have fishing licenses?
Tell Tom and Mary I'd like to talk to them.
Do Tom and Mary have criminal records?
If I see Tom and Mary, I'll tell them that.
Do Tom and Mary have an older brother?
I wonder if Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Do Tom and Mary have a lot of friends?
I wanted Tom and Mary to take me with them.
Do Tom and Mary ever wear short pants?
I want to ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
Do Tom and Mary actually speak French?
I used to wash Tom and Mary's car for them.
Didn't Tom and Mary do that last year?
I told Tom and Mary I'd send them a letter.
Did you know Tom and Mary were lonely?
I told Tom and Mary I'd make it up to them.
Did you know Tom and Mary were hungry?
I saw Tom and Mary fall off their bicycles.
Did you know Tom and Mary were crying?
I need to ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
Did you know Tom and Mary were asleep?
I made Tom and Mary go there by themselves.
Did what Tom and Mary do surprise you?
I heard Tom and Mary crying in their rooms.
Can you imagine how Tom and Mary feel?
I encouraged Tom and Mary to be themselves.
Can Tom and Mary do that for us today?
I asked Tom and Mary why they were unhappy.
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't here?
I asked Tom and Mary where they were going.
Are you sure Tom and Mary aren't busy?
I asked Tom and Mary what they were eating.
Are you saying Tom and Mary are liars?
How did Tom and Mary know they needed that?
Are Tom and Mary really that clueless?
Don't let Tom and Mary do it by themselves.
Are Tom and Mary really students here?
Do Tom and Mary still want us to help them?
Are Tom and Mary permitted to do that?
Do Tom and Mary still want me to help them?
Are Tom and Mary on the baseball team?
Do Tom and Mary still think they can do it?
Are Tom and Mary looking for new jobs?
Did you ask Tom and Mary why they did that?
Are Tom and Mary likely to leave soon?
Did you ask Tom and Mary where they'd been?
Are Tom and Mary going to leave today?
Did Tom and Mary say why they were leaving?
Are Tom and Mary going to eat with us?
Did Tom and Mary say where they were going?
Are Tom and Mary going to be teachers?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd stay in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary going to be arrested?
Did Tom and Mary say they stayed in Boston?
Are Tom and Mary feeling better today?
Did Tom and Mary know what they were doing?
Are Tom and Mary any good at baseball?
Did Tom and Mary explain how they did that?
Are Tom and Mary also studying French?
Ask Tom and Mary where they put their keys.
Are Tom and Mary allergic to anything?
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll go to Boston.
Are Tom and Mary able to speak French?
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll stay in Boston.
All Tom and Mary do nowadays is study.
Why don't Tom and Mary do that themselves?
You're smarter than Tom and Mary are.
Why do Tom and Mary do that to themselves?
You should help Tom and Mary do that.
Where are Tom and Mary when you need them?
You said that Tom and Mary were busy.
What did Tom and Mary say they were doing?
You said Tom and Mary were different.
Tom and Mary's friends tried to help them.
You hope Tom and Mary win, don't you?
Tom and Mary's friends couldn't help them.
Why exactly did Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary yelled as loud as they could.
Why don't Tom and Mary want you here?
Tom and Mary wouldn't do that, would they?
Why don't Tom and Mary say something?
Tom and Mary would help us, wouldn't they?
Why don't Tom and Mary open the door?
Tom and Mary wondered what they should do.
Why do Tom and Mary want to go there?
Tom and Mary won't tell us what they know.
Why do Tom and Mary keep lying to us?
Tom and Mary won't let you guys help them.
Why do Tom and Mary hate you so much?
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't done that.
Why do Tom and Mary enjoy doing that?
Tom and Mary wished they had more friends.
Why did you let Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary wish they had larger offices.
Why did Tom and Mary do that for you?
Tom and Mary wish they could speak French.
Why aren't Tom and Mary on this list?
Tom and Mary will wait for us, won't they?
Why aren't Tom and Mary here with us?
Tom and Mary will take care of themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary working so hard?
Tom and Mary will go skiing by themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary studying French?
Tom and Mary will do that if you pay them.
Why are Tom and Mary still in Boston?
Tom and Mary will do that if they have to.
Why are Tom and Mary still at school?
Tom and Mary will come if you ask them to.
Why are Tom and Mary speaking French?
Tom and Mary were simply doing their jobs.
Why are Tom and Mary leaving so soon?
Tom and Mary went to college, didn't they?
Why are Tom and Mary learning French?
Tom and Mary went to Boston by themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary in the hospital?
Tom and Mary wanted to turn themselves in.
Why are Tom and Mary going to Boston?
Tom and Mary wanted to protect themselves.
Who do Tom and Mary usually eat with?
Tom and Mary wanted to pay off their loan.
Where were Tom and Mary working then?
Tom and Mary wanted to call their lawyers.
Where were Tom and Mary last weekend?
Tom and Mary wanted me to do them a favor.
Where have Tom and Mary been all day?
Tom and Mary want you to do that for them.
Where do you think Tom and Mary were?
Tom and Mary want me to fix this for them.
Where do Tom and Mary want you to go?
Tom and Mary used to do that, didn't they?
Where are Tom and Mary going to stay?
Tom and Mary tried to get me to help them.
Where are Tom and Mary going to live?
Tom and Mary tried to do it by themselves.
When do Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tom and Mary told us they'd do that again.
When do Tom and Mary need to do that?
Tom and Mary told me you agreed with them.
When do Tom and Mary have to do that?
Tom and Mary told me they'd never do that.
When are Tom and Mary going to leave?
Tom and Mary told me they'd fly to Boston.
What were Tom and Mary talking about?
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that later.
What were Tom and Mary doing in here?
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that again.
What were Tom and Mary arguing about?
Tom and Mary told me they'd call tomorrow.
What type of work do Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary told me they'd be right over.
What kind of work do Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary told me they'd be right back.
What kind of people are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary told me they'd be ready soon.
What if Tom and Mary don't come back?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't worried.
What else have Tom and Mary told you?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't thirsty.
What else do Tom and Mary need to do?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't so sure.
What else do Tom and Mary have to do?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't nervous.
What do Tom and Mary know about this?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't injured.
What do Tom and Mary expect from you?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't in pain.
What did Tom and Mary do last Monday?
Tom and Mary told me they weren't experts.
What are Tom and Mary supposed to do?
Tom and Mary told me they were very upset.
What are Tom and Mary so upset about?
Tom and Mary told me they were very tired.
What are Tom and Mary so happy about?
Tom and Mary told me they were very sorry.
What are Tom and Mary so angry about?
Tom and Mary told me they were very happy.
What are Tom and Mary planning to do?
Tom and Mary told me they were unemployed.
What are Tom and Mary going to think?
Tom and Mary told me they were suspicious.
What are Tom and Mary doing tomorrow?
Tom and Mary told me they were optimistic.
What are Tom and Mary doing in there?
Tom and Mary told me they were interested.
Were Tom and Mary wearing seat belts?
Tom and Mary told me they were in a hurry.
Were Tom and Mary at home last night?
Tom and Mary told me they were having fun.
We're so glad Tom and Mary are alive.
Tom and Mary told me they were happy here.
We're lucky Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary told me they were going home.
We'll see how much Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary told me they were frustrated.
We should do as Tom and Mary suggest.
Tom and Mary told me they were frightened.
We don't know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me they were doing that.
We don't know what Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary told me they were doing fine.
Tom and Mary weren't going very fast.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to leave.
Tom and Mary were trying to scare us.
Tom and Mary told me they want to do that.
Tom and Mary were the ones in charge.
Tom and Mary told me they used to be rich.
Tom and Mary were stung by jellyfish.
Tom and Mary were right here with me.
Tom and Mary told me they never said that.
Tom and Mary were just being careful.
Tom and Mary told me they needed our help.
Tom and Mary usually cycle to school.
Tom and Mary told me they need to do that.
Tom and Mary took what wasn't theirs.
Tom and Mary told me they liked the party.
Tom and Mary seem to be a bit scared.
Tom and Mary told me they liked the movie.
Tom and Mary know a lot about tennis.
Tom and Mary told me they like to do that.
Tom and Mary have university degrees.
Tom and Mary told me they like doing that.
Tom and Mary have to do that at once.
Tom and Mary told me they knew what to do.
Tom and Mary have no plan to do that.
Tom and Mary told me they knew my brother.
Tom and Mary have never been in love.
Tom and Mary told me they knew how I felt.
Tom and Mary have never been camping.
Tom and Mary told me they got there first.
Tom and Mary have made a big mistake.
Tom and Mary told me they found something.
Tom and Mary have done something bad.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't eat pork.
Tom and Mary have been ignoring John.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't eat meat.
Tom and Mary have been avoiding John.
Tom and Mary told me they did that for us.
Tom and Mary don't want to stay here.
Tom and Mary told me they could handle it.
Tom and Mary don't want to say hello.
Tom and Mary told me that they're thirsty.
Tom and Mary don't want to move here.
Tom and Mary told me that they're puzzled.
Tom and Mary don't want to help John.
Tom and Mary told me that they're pleased.
Tom and Mary don't want to go abroad.
Tom and Mary told me that they're nervous.
Tom and Mary don't want to get drunk.
Tom and Mary told me that they're jealous.
Tom and Mary don't want to get a dog.
Tom and Mary told me that they were wrong.
Tom and Mary don't want to eat pizza.
Tom and Mary told me that they were upset.
Tom and Mary don't want to come home.
Tom and Mary told me that they were tired.
Tom and Mary don't want to be pilots.
Tom and Mary told me that they were tense.
Tom and Mary don't want to be famous.
Tom and Mary told me that they were sorry.
Tom and Mary don't live here anymore.
Tom and Mary told me that they were ready.
Tom and Mary don't know how to relax.
Tom and Mary told me that they were lucky.
Tom and Mary don't go out very often.
Tom and Mary told me that they were happy.
Tom and Mary can't meet us on Monday.
Tom and Mary told me that they were early.
Tom and Mary bought a bottle of wine.
Tom and Mary told me that they were drunk.
Tom and Mary aren't worried about it.
Tom and Mary told me that they were dizzy.
Tom and Mary aren't working for John.
Tom and Mary told me that they were broke.
Tom and Mary aren't very influential.
Tom and Mary told me that they were bored.
Tom and Mary aren't that influential.
Tom and Mary told me that they were angry.
Tom and Mary aren't ready to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were alone.
Tom and Mary aren't happy about this.
Tom and Mary told me not to wait for them.
Tom and Mary aren't going to help me.
Tom and Mary told John why they were late.
Tom and Mary aren't going to go away.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't tired.
Tom and Mary aren't going to give up.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't happy.
Tom and Mary aren't going to find me.
Tom and Mary told John they could do that.
Tom and Mary aren't going back there.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be safe there.
Tom and Mary aren't doing that today.
Tom and Mary think they shouldn't do that.
Tom and Mary aren't about to give up.
Tom and Mary think that they can prove it.
Tom and Mary are working on that now.
Tom and Mary taught themselves how to ski.
Tom and Mary are trying to reach you.
Tom and Mary talk quite a lot, don't they?
Tom and Mary are trying to help John.
Tom and Mary take good care of themselves.
Tom and Mary are trying to find John.
Tom and Mary struggled to free themselves.
Tom and Mary are taking a look at it.
Tom and Mary stopped what they were doing.
Tom and Mary are supposed to help me.
Tom and Mary still don't do that, do they?
Tom and Mary are still working on it.
Tom and Mary still call their mothers Mom.
Tom and Mary are still in good shape.
Tom and Mary stayed at home by themselves.
Tom and Mary are skilled blacksmiths.
Tom and Mary stayed as long as they could.
Tom and Mary are safe for the moment.
Tom and Mary spilled coffee on themselves.
Tom and Mary are running out of food.
Tom and Mary sounded like they were upset.
Tom and Mary are refusing to do that.
Tom and Mary should do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are really running late.
Tom and Mary shot themselves this morning.
Tom and Mary are really proud of you.
Tom and Mary seldom talk about themselves.
Tom and Mary are quicker than we are.
Tom and Mary seldom do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary are pretty good at this.
Tom and Mary seem very sure of themselves.
Tom and Mary are pretty good at that.
Tom and Mary seem very full of themselves.
Tom and Mary are pretty disappointed.
Tom and Mary seem quite happy, don't they?
Tom and Mary are prepared to do that.
Tom and Mary seem awfully sad, don't they?
Tom and Mary are playing in the park.
Tom and Mary say they've tried everything.
Tom and Mary are part of the problem.
Tom and Mary say they're moving to Boston.
Tom and Mary are only trying to help.
Tom and Mary say they're good at swimming.
Tom and Mary are never going to quit.
Tom and Mary say they're good at juggling.
Tom and Mary are looking for you now.
Tom and Mary say they're good at baseball.
Tom and Mary are looking for lawyers.
Tom and Mary say they're friends of yours.
Tom and Mary are likely to win today.
Tom and Mary say they're eager to do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to win again.
Tom and Mary say they'll only talk to you.
Tom and Mary are likely be home soon.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are just being cautious.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that for John.
Tom and Mary are just about finished.
Tom and Mary say they'll buy that for you.
Tom and Mary are in really bad shape.
Tom and Mary say they'll be here tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are in a safe place now.
Tom and Mary say they'll be busy tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are in Boston right now.
Tom and Mary say they won't need our help.
Tom and Mary are hoping that happens.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that today.
Tom and Mary are here to support you.
Tom and Mary say they won't do that again.
Tom and Mary are here because of you.
Tom and Mary say they were born in Boston.
Tom and Mary are heading out of town.
Tom and Mary say they want to talk to you.
Tom and Mary are having a tough time.
Tom and Mary say they want to lose weight.
Tom and Mary are having a lot of fun.
Tom and Mary say they want to be teachers.
Tom and Mary are going to work on it.
Tom and Mary say they want more than that.
Tom and Mary are going to visit John.
Tom and Mary say they think it's possible.
Tom and Mary are going to get better.
Tom and Mary say they think John did that.
Tom and Mary are going to call later.
Tom and Mary say they still do that a lot.
Tom and Mary are getting ready to go.
Tom and Mary say they saw John doing that.
Tom and Mary are faster than you are.
Tom and Mary say they remember doing that.
Tom and Mary are expected to recover.
Tom and Mary say they really like it here.
Tom and Mary are convicted murderers.
Tom and Mary say they often forget things.
Tom and Mary are concerned about you.
Tom and Mary say they need to talk to you.
Tom and Mary are coming back tonight.
Tom and Mary say they need more than that.
Tom and Mary are being very cautious.
Tom and Mary say they intended to do that.
Tom and Mary are back from Australia.
Tom and Mary say they hope John does that.
Tom and Mary are at home watching TV.
Tom and Mary say they have plenty of time.
Tom and Mary are always very careful.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot of money.
Tom and Mary are a lot different now.
Tom and Mary say they had to study French.
Tom and Mary are John's only friends.
Tom and Mary say they had to speak French.
Tom and Mary always leave work early.
Tom and Mary say they had a great weekend.
Tom and Mary always get here on time.
Tom and Mary say they finished doing that.
This is what Tom and Mary need to do.
Tom and Mary say they don't need our help.
That's just the way Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they didn't study French.
Tell me why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary say they can see you at 2:30.
Tell me where Tom and Mary have gone.
Tom and Mary say they can do that for you.
Of course, Tom and Mary were invited.
Tom and Mary say they can do that already.
Nobody knew Tom and Mary were coming.
Tom and Mary say they can already do that.
My neighbors' names are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say that they'll wait for us.
Maybe Tom and Mary were hospitalized.
Tom and Mary say that they studied French.
Maybe Tom and Mary feel the same way.
Tom and Mary say that they don't blame us.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't remember me.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary are working again.
Tom and Mary say that they can see ghosts.
Make sure Tom and Mary don't see you.
Tom and Mary say that doesn't bother them.
Let's see how Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary saw themselves in the mirror.
Let's let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary sat at the bar by themselves.
Let's hope Tom and Mary stay healthy.
Tom and Mary said what they wanted to say.
Let me see if Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary said they've never done that.
It seems that Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary said they're very happy here.
It looks like Tom and Mary have left.
Tom and Mary said they're feeling nervous.
It looks like Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary said they're doing just fine.
It looks like Tom and Mary are tough.
Tom and Mary said they'll quit doing that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary said they'll help us do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are tense.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that for you.
It looks like Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary said they'd win and they did.
It looks like Tom and Mary are drunk.
Tom and Mary said they'd unlikely do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are bored.
Tom and Mary said they'd probably do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are awake.
Tom and Mary said they'd only talk to you.
It looks like Tom and Mary are angry.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to see more.
It looks like Tom and Mary are alone.
Tom and Mary said they'd get home by 2:30.
It looks like Tom and Mary are alive.
Tom and Mary said they'd do what we asked.
If Tom and Mary do that, let me know.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that tomorrow.
If Tom and Mary do that, I will, too.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that if I did.
If Tom and Mary come, please tell me.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for sure.
If Tom and Mary are happy, I'm happy.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for free.
I've never seen Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for John.
I'm the same age as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they'd do it themselves.
I'm sure Tom and Mary don't hate you.
Tom and Mary said they'd consider my idea.
I'm sorry that Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary said they'd buy that for you.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary like me.
Tom and Mary said they'd be happy to help.
I'm not sure where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary said they won't visit Boston.
I'm not letting Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they won't speak French.
I'm not going unless Tom and Mary go.
Tom and Mary said they won't sing tonight.
I'm happy that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they won't go to Boston.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary said they won't ever do that.
I'm convinced Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary said they weren't interested.
I'm as surprised as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in a hurry.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary get this.
Tom and Mary said they weren't having fun.
I'll go see if Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they weren't happy here.
I'll go see if Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary said they were very confused.
I'd prefer that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they were ready to talk.
I'd love to see Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they were going to work.
I'd like to see Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they were going to quit.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary said they were going to help.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so shy.
Tom and Mary said they were getting tired.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so mad.
Tom and Mary said they were feeling tired.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are so fat.
Tom and Mary said they were feeling great.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are crying.
Tom and Mary said they were asked to help.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are afraid.
Tom and Mary said they were afraid to fly.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are absent.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be early.
I wonder where Tom and Mary are from.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was lazy.
I wonder what else Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary said they thought I was dead.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are up to?
Tom and Mary said they probably won't win.
I wonder what Tom and Mary are doing.
I wonder if Tom and Mary like Boston.
Tom and Mary said they plan on doing that.
I wish Tom and Mary were still alive.
Tom and Mary said they only did that once.
I wish Tom and Mary were on our team.
Tom and Mary said they might visit Boston.
I wanted to see Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew you could win.
I tried to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they knew that I'd come.
I told you Tom and Mary weren't busy.
Tom and Mary said they had to leave early.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't tired.
Tom and Mary said they had a lot of money.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't happy.
Tom and Mary said they had a good weekend.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't bored.
Tom and Mary said they felt a bit nervous.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't awake.
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed doing that.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't alone.
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed being here.
I thought Tom and Mary were with you.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like Boston.
I thought Tom and Mary were too slow.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know French.
I thought Tom and Mary were swimming.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a plan.
I thought Tom and Mary were studying.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel hungry.
I thought Tom and Mary were sleeping.
Tom and Mary said they did that on Monday.
I thought Tom and Mary were mistaken.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't swim well.
I thought Tom and Mary were innocent.
Tom and Mary said they could've done that.
I thought Tom and Mary were in on it.
Tom and Mary said they can't speak French.
I thought Tom and Mary were confused.
Tom and Mary said they believed in ghosts.
I thought Tom and Mary were careless.
Tom and Mary said that was fine with them.
I thought Tom and Mary were bluffing.
Tom and Mary said that they won't do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were annoying.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't wrong.
I thought Tom and Mary were adorable.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't tired.
I think that Tom and Mary are idiots.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't sorry.
I think that Tom and Mary are honest.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't ready.
I think that Tom and Mary are crying.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't lucky.
I think Tom and Mary were astonished.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't happy.
I think Tom and Mary want to see you.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't drunk.
I think Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't broke.
I think Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't bored.
I think Tom and Mary need a vacation.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't angry.
I think Tom and Mary like to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't alone.
I think Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were very sad.
I think Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary said that they were very mad.
I think Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were unbiased.
I think Tom and Mary have lied to us.
Tom and Mary said that they were unafraid.
I think Tom and Mary are working now.
Tom and Mary said that they were troubled.
I think Tom and Mary are trustworthy.
Tom and Mary said that they were ticklish.
I think Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
Tom and Mary said that they were thrilled.
I think Tom and Mary are still upset.
Tom and Mary said that they were so sorry.
I think Tom and Mary are still tired.
Tom and Mary said that they were relieved.
I think Tom and Mary are still drunk.
Tom and Mary said that they were prepared.
I think Tom and Mary are still awake.
Tom and Mary said that they were offended.
I think Tom and Mary are still angry.
Tom and Mary said that they were mistaken.
I think Tom and Mary are still alive.
Tom and Mary said that they were innocent.
I think Tom and Mary are responsible.
Tom and Mary said that they were homesick.
I think Tom and Mary are resourceful.
Tom and Mary said that they were homeless.
I think Tom and Mary are progressing.
Tom and Mary said that they were grateful.
I think Tom and Mary are pessimistic.
Tom and Mary said that they were famished.
I think Tom and Mary are over thirty.
Tom and Mary said that they were divorced.
I think Tom and Mary are introverted.
Tom and Mary said that they were confused.
I think Tom and Mary are intoxicated.
Tom and Mary said that they like swimming.
I think Tom and Mary are interfering.
Tom and Mary said that they had been busy.
I think Tom and Mary are interesting.
Tom and Mary said that they don't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are intelligent.
Tom and Mary said that they can't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are incompetent.
Tom and Mary said that didn't bother them.
I think Tom and Mary are heartbroken.
Tom and Mary said not to worry about them.
I think Tom and Mary are from Boston.
Tom and Mary regretted what they had done.
I think Tom and Mary are embarrassed.
Tom and Mary realized what they had to do.
I think Tom and Mary are discouraged.
Tom and Mary realized they should do that.
I think Tom and Mary are considerate.
Tom and Mary realized they had to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are coming over.
Tom and Mary rarely talk about themselves.
I still think Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary rarely do that by themselves.
I still think Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary promised they'll check on it.
I saw that Tom and Mary were smiling.
Tom and Mary promised they'd quit smoking.
I saw that Tom and Mary were serious.
Tom and Mary promised they'd be back soon.
I saw Tom and Mary do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd do that.
I saw Tom and Mary do that last week.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd come back.
I really hope Tom and Mary come back.
Tom and Mary promised me that they'd come.
I really hope Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary promised John they'd do that.
I only hope Tom and Mary like Mozart.
Tom and Mary pretended they were sleeping.
I love you more than Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't see me.
I let Tom and Mary do that yesterday.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't see it.
I know where Tom and Mary were going.
Tom and Mary poured water over themselves.
I know where Tom and Mary are hiding.
Tom and Mary phoned just before they left.
I know what Tom and Mary need to buy.
Tom and Mary only do what they have to do.
I know what Tom and Mary like to eat.
Tom and Mary only did what they had to do.
I know that Tom and Mary aren't dead.
Tom and Mary often go there by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary aren't busy.
Tom and Mary never said they'd go with us.
I know that Tom and Mary are unlucky.
Tom and Mary never had a chance, did they?
I know that Tom and Mary are thirsty.
Tom and Mary need us to show them the way.
I know that Tom and Mary are strange.
Tom and Mary nearly got themselves killed.
I know that Tom and Mary are starved.
Tom and Mary must take care of themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are sincere.
Tom and Mary meant exactly what they said.
I know that Tom and Mary are serious.
Tom and Mary may go with you if they want.
I know that Tom and Mary are puzzled.
Tom and Mary may go fishing by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are pleased.
Tom and Mary may get hurt if they do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are patient.
Tom and Mary may eat as much as they want.
I know that Tom and Mary are outside.
Tom and Mary may do whatever they want to.
I know that Tom and Mary are nervous.
Tom and Mary lost the keys to their rooms.
I know that Tom and Mary are jealous.
Tom and Mary looked like they were unhurt.
I know that Tom and Mary are healthy.
Tom and Mary looked like they were sleepy.
I know that Tom and Mary are furious.
Tom and Mary looked like they were scared.
I know that Tom and Mary are finicky.
Tom and Mary looked like they were lonely.
I know that Tom and Mary are excited.
Tom and Mary looked like they were hungry.
I know that Tom and Mary are curious.
Tom and Mary looked like they were asleep.
I know that Tom and Mary are correct.
Tom and Mary looked like they were amused.
I know that Tom and Mary are careful.
Tom and Mary looked like they were afraid.
I know that Tom and Mary are at home.
Tom and Mary looked like they needed help.
I know that Tom and Mary are annoyed.
Tom and Mary looked like they always look.
I know that Tom and Mary are adopted.
Tom and Mary look like they're interested.
I know exactly how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary look like they're frustrated.
I know Tom and Mary want to meet you.
Tom and Mary look like they're frightened.
I know Tom and Mary aren't in Boston.
Tom and Mary look like they want to leave.
I know Tom and Mary are your friends.
Tom and Mary look like they might be sick.
I knew where Tom and Mary were going.
Tom and Mary look a bit tired, don't they?
I knew Tom and Mary were coming back.
Tom and Mary like to travel by themselves.
I hope that Tom and Mary wait for us.
Tom and Mary like to hear themselves talk.
I hope Tom and Mary weren't offended.
Tom and Mary like hearing themselves talk.
I hope Tom and Mary never get caught.
Tom and Mary lied about where they'd been.
I hope Tom and Mary know what to say.
Tom and Mary lied about how old they were.
I hope Tom and Mary know what to buy.
Tom and Mary let themselves in with a key.
I hope Tom and Mary have a good time.
Tom and Mary know what they're up against.
I hope Tom and Mary get here on time.
Tom and Mary know what they did was wrong.
I hope Tom and Mary get here in time.
Tom and Mary know they're partly to blame.
I hope Tom and Mary enjoy doing that.
Tom and Mary know they should be studying.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get sleepy.
Tom and Mary know they have to be patient.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get scared.
Tom and Mary knew what they did was wrong.
I hope Tom and Mary come to my party.
Tom and Mary knew they were being watched.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't terrified.
Tom and Mary knew that they'd be punished.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't desperate.
Tom and Mary knew that they could do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't depressed.
Tom and Mary killed themselves last night.
I helped Tom and Mary do some chores.
Tom and Mary killed themselves in October.
I hear that Tom and Mary are retired.
Tom and Mary keep saying they're innocent.
I hear Tom and Mary don't drink beer.
Tom and Mary just do what they have to do.
I guess Tom and Mary are on vacation.
Tom and Mary just did what they had to do.
I figured Tom and Mary were sleeping.
Tom and Mary hurt themselves this morning.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are hungry.
Tom and Mary hid themselves under the bed.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are guilty.
Tom and Mary haven't eaten yet, have they?
I doubt if Tom and Mary speak French.
Tom and Mary have told me they'll do that.
I doubt Tom and Mary are still there.
Tom and Mary have their own lives to live.
I don't think Tom and Mary were fair.
Tom and Mary have said they won't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary live here.
Tom and Mary have said they can't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary know that.
Tom and Mary have good voices, don't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary have done that, haven't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary have been busy, haven't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary have already sold their cars.
I don't think Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary have all the money they need.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary have a black dog, don't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are pushy.
Tom and Mary hanged themselves last night.
I don't think Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary had to do that by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary had things they needed to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are funny.
Tom and Mary got hurt when they fell down.
I don't think Tom and Mary are drunk.
Tom and Mary got exactly what they wanted.
I don't think Tom and Mary are crazy.
Tom and Mary got John to do that for them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are broke.
Tom and Mary forced themselves to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are brave.
Tom and Mary expressed themselves clearly.
I don't think Tom and Mary are bored.
Tom and Mary express themselves very well.
I don't think Tom and Mary are blind.
Tom and Mary explained why they were late.
I don't think Tom and Mary are awake.
Tom and Mary ended up going by themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are angry.
Tom and Mary drive black cars, don't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are alone.
Tom and Mary don't want to sell their car.
I don't know where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary don't want to dye their hair.
I don't know where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary don't think they can do that.
I don't know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary don't still do that, do they?
I don't care where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary don't miss anything, do they?
I don't care what Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary don't look like they're busy.
I don't care if Tom and Mary do that.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were shy.
Tom and Mary do that because they want to.
I didn't think Tom and Mary were mad.
Tom and Mary do that because they like to.
I didn't say Tom and Mary were smart.
Tom and Mary do that because they have to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were sick.
Tom and Mary do that as often as they can.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were rich.
Tom and Mary do only what they want to do.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary do everything I tell them to.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were dead.
Tom and Mary didn't say why they did that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary didn't say where they'd gone.
I couldn't help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary didn't say where they'd been.
I could see Tom and Mary were asleep.
Tom and Mary didn't play tennis, did they?
I consider Tom and Mary good friends.
Tom and Mary didn't know what they wanted.
I can see why Tom and Mary like that.
Tom and Mary didn't how long they'd slept.
I can see why Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary didn't have what they needed.
I bet Tom and Mary were really happy.
Tom and Mary didn't have any cash on them.
I bet Tom and Mary don't remember me.
Tom and Mary didn't do that by themselves.
I believe Tom and Mary were murdered.
Tom and Mary did what you told them to do.
I admit that Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary did what we asked them to do.
How long were Tom and Mary in Boston?
Tom and Mary did what they said they'd do.
How long have Tom and Mary been sick?
Tom and Mary did what they promised to do.
How long have Tom and Mary been here?
Tom and Mary did what I wanted them to do.
How long have Tom and Mary been gone?
Tom and Mary did that whenever they could.
How exactly did Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary did that because they had to.
How did Tom and Mary feel about that?
Tom and Mary did only what they had to do.
How could Tom and Mary do that to me?
Tom and Mary did everything by themselves.
How are Tom and Mary going to Boston?
Tom and Mary couldn't do what they wanted.
How are Tom and Mary able to do that?
Tom and Mary couldn't do that, could they?
Haven't Tom and Mary suffered enough?
Tom and Mary couldn't do it by themselves.
Have Tom and Mary given you anything?
Tom and Mary could quit if they wanted to.
Have Tom and Mary figured it out yet?
Tom and Mary could do what they had to do.
Have Tom and Mary ever spoken to you?
Tom and Mary claimed that they didn't cry.
Have Tom and Mary ever been arrested?
Tom and Mary can't swim like they used to.
Have Tom and Mary done that recently?
Tom and Mary can't speak French, can they?
Have Tom and Mary actually used this?
Tom and Mary can't get home by themselves.
Have Tom and Mary actually done that?
Tom and Mary can speak French, can't they?
Don't let Tom and Mary do that today.
Tom and Mary can go with you if they like.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that alone.
Tom and Mary can eat as much as they want.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that again.
Tom and Mary can do anything they want to.
Don't Tom and Mary sometimes do that?
Tom and Mary attempted to kill themselves.
Do you think Tom and Mary were drunk?
Tom and Mary asked me to do that for them.
Do you think Tom and Mary were bored?
Tom and Mary asked if they had to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary were angry?
Tom and Mary aren't where they want to be.
Do you think Tom and Mary were alone?
Tom and Mary aren't sure they can do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary understand?
Tom and Mary aren't sure if they're right.
Do you think Tom and Mary are unkind?
Tom and Mary aren't as young as they look.
Do you think Tom and Mary are stupid?
Tom and Mary aren't as tough as they seem.
Do you think Tom and Mary are insane?
Tom and Mary aren't as tough as they look.
Do you think Tom and Mary are hungry?
Tom and Mary aren't as smart as they look.
Do you think Tom and Mary are guilty?
Tom and Mary are working in their offices.
Do you think Tom and Mary are boring?
Tom and Mary are way older than they look.
Do you think Tom and Mary are afraid?
Tom and Mary are very strong, aren't they?
Do you know why Tom and Mary are mad?
Tom and Mary are very proud of themselves.
Do you know how old Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary are trying to sell their car.
Do you know how Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary are trustworthy, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary want to do that, too?
Tom and Mary are sure they should do that.
Do Tom and Mary still work in Boston?
Tom and Mary are still where we left them.
Do Tom and Mary still want to see me?
Tom and Mary are still alive, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary still swim every day?
Tom and Mary are sick, so they can't come.
Do Tom and Mary still have long hair?
Tom and Mary are really rich, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary regret what happened?
Tom and Mary are really fast, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary need a place to stay?
Tom and Mary are really busy, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary like classical music?
Tom and Mary are quite hard on themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know I can't do that?
Tom and Mary are quite good at their jobs.
Do Tom and Mary have to study French?
Tom and Mary are quite bossy, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary have mental problems?
Tom and Mary are quite angry, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary have lots of friends?
Tom and Mary are pretty rich, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary ever forget anything?
Tom and Mary are playing their saxophones.
Do Tom and Mary come to Boston often?
Tom and Mary are lucky that they can swim.
Did you know Tom and Mary were tired?
Tom and Mary are in their offices waiting.
Did Tom and Mary do well on the exam?
Tom and Mary are happy with their new car.
Can't you see Tom and Mary are upset?
Tom and Mary are going to take their time.
Can't you see Tom and Mary are dying?
Tom and Mary are going to kill themselves.
By the way, Tom and Mary are in town.
Tom and Mary are going to hurt themselves.
Be grateful Tom and Mary aren't jail.
Tom and Mary are from Boston, aren't they?
Aren't Tom and Mary friends of yours?
Tom and Mary are fairly sure they can win.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are coming?
Tom and Mary are fairly rich, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary still eating dinner?
Tom and Mary are excited about their jobs.
Are Tom and Mary old enough to drink?
Tom and Mary are competitive, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary likely to come back?
Tom and Mary are coming here, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary licensed therapists?
Tom and Mary are bored out of their minds.
Are Tom and Mary in a lot of trouble?
Tom and Mary are asleep in their bedrooms.
Are Tom and Mary coming back tonight?
Tom and Mary are angry at me, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary always this helpful?
Tom and Mary are already in their offices.
Are Tom and Mary allergic to peanuts?
Tom and Mary are afraid they'll get fired.
All Tom and Mary ever drink is water.
Tom and Mary are active in their churches.
All Tom and Mary ever do is watch TV.
Tom and Mary apologized for what they did.
All Tom and Mary ever do is complain.
Tom and Mary always talk about themselves.
All Tom and Mary do nowadays is swim.
Tom and Mary always go home by themselves.
All Tom and Mary care about is money.
Tom and Mary always do that by themselves.
You should let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary already regret what they did.
You said Tom and Mary were students.
Tom and Mary already know what they'll do.
Would it be OK if Tom and Mary come?
Tom and Mary admitted they didn't do that.
Why weren't Tom and Mary here today?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were lazy.
Why have Tom and Mary been arrested?
Tom and Mary admitted that they were cold.
Why don't Tom and Mary want us over?
Tom and Mary actually did that themselves.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to stay?
That's why Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Why don't Tom and Mary stay with us?
Tell Tom and Mary I'll talk to them later.
Why don't Tom and Mary ever do that?
Tell Tom and Mary I'll be picking them up.
Why do Tom and Mary want to eat now?
Let's hope Tom and Mary behave themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary want to do that?
Let's ask Tom and Mary why they were late.
Why do Tom and Mary need to do that?
Let Tom and Mary watch whatever they want.
Why do Tom and Mary like this hotel?
Let Tom and Mary watch anything they want.
Why do Tom and Mary have to do that?
Let Tom and Mary listen to what they want.
Why did Tom and Mary do that to you?
Let Tom and Mary finish what they started.
Why can't Tom and Mary do that, too?
Let Tom and Mary drink whatever they want.
Why aren't Tom and Mary smiling now?
Let Tom and Mary drink anything they want.
Why aren't Tom and Mary on the team?
If Tom and Mary want to do that, let them.
Why are Tom and Mary still in there?
I'll tell Tom and Mary we'll pick them up.
Why are Tom and Mary not here today?
I told Tom and Mary I'd take care of them.
Why are Tom and Mary not doing that?
I told Tom and Mary I wanted them to quit.
Why are Tom and Mary doing that now?
I think Tom and Mary are in their offices.
Why are Tom and Mary coughing today?
I promised Tom and Mary I'd eat with them.
Why are Tom and Mary being so quiet?
I heard that Tom and Mary shot themselves.
Who were Tom and Mary talking about?
I heard that Tom and Mary lost their jobs.
Who were Tom and Mary swimming with?
I asked Tom and Mary why they were crying.
Who told you Tom and Mary were sick?
I asked Tom and Mary what they were doing.
Who do Tom and Mary want to talk to?
I asked Tom and Mary to clean their rooms.
Who could Tom and Mary do that with?
I asked Tom and Mary to behave themselves.
Where were Tom and Mary last summer?
How do Tom and Mary know they can do that?
Where were Tom and Mary last Monday?
How did Tom and Mary get you to help them?
Where in the world are Tom and Mary?
Have Tom and Mary finished their homework?
Where have Tom and Mary been hiding?
Have Tom and Mary cleaned their rooms yet?
Where do you think Tom and Mary are?
Do Tom and Mary have everything they need?
Where do Tom and Mary eat breakfast?
Did Tom and Mary look like they were busy?
Where are Tom and Mary this morning?
Did Tom and Mary go fishing by themselves?
When will Tom and Mary do that next?
Are you sure their names are Tom and Mary?
When do Tom and Mary usually get up?
Would Tom and Mary do that by themselves?
When do Tom and Mary usually arrive?
Why not ask Tom and Mary what they think?
When are Tom and Mary expected back?
Why are Tom and Mary selling their house?
What would you have Tom and Mary do?
Who told Tom and Mary they could do that?
What time do Tom and Mary eat lunch?
What do Tom and Mary think they're doing?
What have Tom and Mary accomplished?
Tom and Mary wrote letters to themselves.
What exactly have Tom and Mary done?
Tom and Mary wouldn't change their minds.
What exactly are Tom and Mary doing?
Tom and Mary would never kill themselves.
What do you think Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary would help us if they could.
What do Tom and Mary want you to do?
Tom and Mary would do that if they could.
What do Tom and Mary want in return?
Tom and Mary won't do that by themselves.
What do Tom and Mary think about it?
Tom and Mary will get home by themselves.
What did Tom and Mary do last night?
Tom and Mary will eat when they get home.
What did Tom and Mary do after that?
Tom and Mary will do everything they can.
What did Tom and Mary do about that?
Tom and Mary will be sorry they did that.
What can Tom and Mary do about that?
Tom and Mary will be happy they did that.
What are Tom and Mary worried about?
Tom and Mary weren't sleeping, were they?
What are Tom and Mary good at doing?
Tom and Mary weren't enjoying themselves.
What are Tom and Mary doing to help?
Tom and Mary were wearing their new hats.
What are Tom and Mary doing in here?
Tom and Mary were talking in their sleep.
Were Tom and Mary working yesterday?
Tom and Mary were pretty busy themselves.
Were Tom and Mary telling the truth?
Tom and Mary went back to their bedrooms.
Were Tom and Mary at work yesterday?
Tom and Mary wanted to live on their own.
Were Tom and Mary at home yesterday?
Tom and Mary wanted to call their lawyer.
We want to see Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary want you to do them a favor.
We should make Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary want me to give them a loan.
We know Tom and John are decent men.
Tom and Mary want me to do that for them.
We knew Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary walked their dogs every day.
Tom's and Mary's faces is very pale.
Tom and Mary walked back to their hotels.
Tom and Mary were hoping to see you.
Tom and Mary unlocked their office doors.
Tom and Mary were hesitant at first.
Tom and Mary told me why they left early.
Tom and Mary were cautious at first.
Tom and Mary told me they'd wait and see.
Tom and Mary were able to find work.
Tom and Mary told me they'd visit Boston.
Tom and Mary watch TV every evening.
Tom and Mary told me they'd love to help.
Tom and Mary tried to restrain John.
Tom and Mary told me they'd look into it.
Tom and Mary sound like nice people.
Tom and Mary told me they'd like to help.
Tom and Mary seem to be influential.
Tom and Mary told me they'd go to Boston.
Tom and Mary live next to a library.
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that, too.
Tom and Mary haven't complained yet.
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that soon.
Tom and Mary have changed the rules.
Tom and Mary told me they'd call me back.
Tom and Mary have been wasting time.
Tom and Mary told me they'd call at 2:30.
Tom and Mary don't want to sit down.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be back soon.
Tom and Mary don't want to see that.
Tom and Mary told me they'd also do that.
Tom and Mary don't want to meet you.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't sleepy.
Tom and Mary don't want to hug John.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't hungry.
Tom and Mary don't want to help out.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't coming.
Tom and Mary don't want to fix that.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't afraid.
Tom and Mary don't want to be first.
Tom and Mary told me they were very busy.
Tom and Mary don't want to be alone.
Tom and Mary told me they were skeptical.
Tom and Mary don't plan to be there.
Tom and Mary told me they were in Boston.
Tom and Mary don't have any friends.
Tom and Mary told me they were exhausted.
Tom and Mary aren't really sure yet.
Tom and Mary told me they were done, too.
Tom and Mary aren't playing guitars.
Tom and Mary told me they were desperate.
Tom and Mary aren't going to change.
Tom and Mary told me they were depressed.
Tom and Mary aren't getting dressed.
Tom and Mary told me they were concerned.
Tom and Mary aren't at school today.
Tom and Mary told me they were at school.
Tom and Mary aren't afraid to fight.
Tom and Mary told me they were Canadians.
Tom and Mary aren't above criticism.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to talk.
Tom and Mary are worried about John.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to quit.
Tom and Mary are working hard on it.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to help.
Tom and Mary are wonderful teachers.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted my help.
Tom and Mary are waiting for dinner.
Tom and Mary told me they visited Boston.
Tom and Mary are very well prepared.
Tom and Mary told me they studied French.
Tom and Mary are very proud of that.
Tom and Mary told me they should do that.
Tom and Mary are very proud of John.
Tom and Mary told me they never did that.
Tom and Mary are trying to scare us.
Tom and Mary told me they needed my help.
Tom and Mary are trying really hard.
Tom and Mary told me they liked the idea.
Tom and Mary are the only ones left.
Tom and Mary told me they liked swimming.
Tom and Mary are the ones in charge.
Tom and Mary told me they know the rules.
Tom and Mary are still working hard.
Tom and Mary told me they knew the rules.
Tom and Mary are still not sure why.
Tom and Mary told me they had to do that.
Tom and Mary are still good friends.
Tom and Mary told me they had no regrets.
Tom and Mary are sick of doing that.
Tom and Mary told me they don't eat pork.
Tom and Mary are really mad at John.
Tom and Mary told me they don't eat meat.
Tom and Mary are really competitive.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't do that.
Tom and Mary are ready to leave now.
Tom and Mary told me they did that wrong.
Tom and Mary are quite fond of John.
Tom and Mary told me that they're sleepy.
Tom and Mary are pretty competitive.
Tom and Mary told me that they're scared.
Tom and Mary are on this plane, too.
Tom and Mary told me that they're afraid.
Tom and Mary are on the third floor.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd help us.
Tom and Mary are on the right track.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be late.
Tom and Mary are managing just fine.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd be fair.
Tom and Mary are managing all right.
Tom and Mary told me that they were sick.
Tom and Mary are likely to be there.
Tom and Mary told me that they were safe.
Tom and Mary are leaving right away.
Tom and Mary told me that they were rich.
Tom and Mary are just being careful.
Tom and Mary told me that they were poor.
Tom and Mary are in bed with fevers.
Tom and Mary told me that they were next.
Tom and Mary are having a hard time.
Tom and Mary told me that they were lost.
Tom and Mary are having a good year.
Tom and Mary told me that they were glad.
Tom and Mary are good at doing that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were full.
Tom and Mary are going to walk home.
Tom and Mary told me that they were free.
Tom and Mary are going to the beach.
Tom and Mary told me that they were done.
Tom and Mary are going to help John.
Tom and Mary told me that they were cold.
Tom and Mary are going to find John.
Tom and Mary told me that they were busy.
Tom and Mary are going to Australia.
Tom and Mary told me about what they saw.
Tom and Mary are excited about that.
Tom and Mary told me about it themselves.
Tom and Mary are concerned about it.
Tom and Mary told John they weren't busy.
Tom and Mary are checking into that.
Tom and Mary told John they were unhappy.
Tom and Mary are busy at the moment.
Tom and Mary told John they were thirsty.
Tom and Mary are better than we are.
Tom and Mary told John they were married.
Tom and Mary are basketball players.
Tom and Mary told John they were doctors.
Tom and Mary are aware of the risks.
Tom and Mary told John that they were OK.
Tom and Mary are at the supermarket.
Tom and Mary told John how old they were.
Tom and Mary are all scared of John.
Tom and Mary thought they should do that.
Tom and Mary are about through here.
Tom and Mary thought they had to do that.
Tom and Mary are a little different.
Tom and Mary thought that they should go.
This is where Tom and Mary hang out.
Tom and Mary think they're related to me.
This is just what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary still want you to help them.
That's what Tom and Mary like to do.
Tom and Mary still hope they can do that.
That's the way Tom and Mary like it.
Tom and Mary still call their mother Mom.
That's all Tom and Mary think about.
Tom and Mary sounded like they had colds.
Sometimes Tom and Mary try too hard.
Tom and Mary showed me their new guitars.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are having fun.
Tom and Mary seem very angry, don't they?
Perhaps Tom and Mary are eating now.
Tom and Mary seem to know what they want.
Now I know why Tom and Mary hate me.
Tom and Mary seem quite busy, don't they?
None of us saw Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say you talked them into it.
Nobody knew where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary say they've never done that.
No one's going to find Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary say they're very happy here.
No one knew Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary say they're studying French.
No one but Tom and Mary were amused.
Tom and Mary say they're good at cooking.
Maybe Tom and Mary have other plans.
Tom and Mary say they're going to resign.
Luckily, Tom and Mary weren't there.
Tom and Mary say they'll quit doing that.
Look at what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary say they'll need to do that.
Let's see what Tom and Mary do next.
Tom and Mary say they'll leave on Monday.
Let's hope Tom and Mary aren't dead.
Tom and Mary say they'll keep doing that.
Let's go see what Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary say they'll have to do that.
Let's all help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that for you.
Let Tom and Mary do all the talking.
Tom and Mary say they'll be busy tonight.
Just tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they would've paid more.
Just tell me what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary say they won't study French.
It's snowing where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they won't speak French.
It's raining where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary say they won't ever do that.
It's good that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they plan on doing that.
It's clear Tom and Mary are unhappy.
Tom and Mary say they like horror movies.
It seems that Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary say they have nothing to do.
It seems that Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary say they followed the rules.
It looks like Tom and Mary are rich.
Tom and Mary say they don't study French.
It looks like Tom and Mary are home.
Tom and Mary say they don't speak French.
It looks like Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary say they don't ever do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are fine.
Tom and Mary say they didn't see anybody.
It looks like Tom and Mary are done.
Tom and Mary say they did that last week.
It looks like Tom and Mary are cold.
Tom and Mary say they can't speak French.
It looks like Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary say that they've just eaten.
Is there anything Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary say that they won't do that.
If Tom and Mary do that, I will too.
Tom and Mary say that they do that a lot.
I'm sure that Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary say that they can't do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary were involved.
Tom and Mary say that they can swim well.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are suffering.
Tom and Mary saw their names on the list.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are mad at me.
Tom and Mary said you'd do that for them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are just fine.
Tom and Mary said they've been to Boston.
I'm sure Tom and Mary agree with me.
Tom and Mary said they're ready to leave.
I'm sorry Tom and Mary weren't here.
I'm so glad Tom and Mary were found.
Tom and Mary said they're doing that now.
I'm not sure where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they'll try to do that.
I'm not sure what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that for us.
I'm not sure Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary said they'll call you later.
I'm not as busy as Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they'd take care of it.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary are home.
Tom and Mary said they'd see me tomorrow.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary are back.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather not swim.
I'm happy Tom and Mary are doing OK.
Tom and Mary said they'd quit doing that.
I'm glad that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to eat now.
I'm glad Tom and Mary were punished.
Tom and Mary said they'd leave on Monday.
I'm afraid Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary said they'd help us do that.
I'll make sure Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd found something.
I wouldn't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for you.
I would've let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that by 2:30.
I wonder why Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that as well.
I wonder why Tom and Mary want that.
Tom and Mary said they'd come back later.
I wonder why Tom and Mary need that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be leaving soon.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary said they'd be here tonight.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary said they'd be here by 2:30.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are naked.
Tom and Mary said they'd be glad to help.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are broke.
Tom and Mary said they'd almost given up.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are angry.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't be there.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are alone.
Tom and Mary said they weren't surprised.
I wonder how Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in Boston.
I wish Tom and Mary were still here.
Tom and Mary said they weren't convinced.
I wish I knew who Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary said they weren't concerned.
I want to see how Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary said they were going to win.
I want to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they were disappointed.
I told you Tom and Mary were hungry.
Tom and Mary said they were all worn out.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't here.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to help us.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't cold.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go home.
I thought Tom and Mary weren't busy.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were worried.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to do more.
I thought Tom and Mary were serious.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to be here.
I thought Tom and Mary were retired.
Tom and Mary said they wanted some money.
I thought Tom and Mary were outside.
Tom and Mary said they wanted me to stop.
I thought Tom and Mary were nervous.
Tom and Mary said they want more details.
I thought Tom and Mary were jealous.
Tom and Mary said they waited until 2:30.
I thought Tom and Mary were farmers.
Tom and Mary said they understood French.
I thought Tom and Mary were doctors.
Tom and Mary said they thought you'd win.
I thought Tom and Mary were awesome.
Tom and Mary said they shouldn't do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were at home.
Tom and Mary said they regret doing that.
I think that Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary said they needed to do that.
I think that Tom and Mary are crazy.
Tom and Mary said they needed more money.
I think Tom and Mary were terrified.
Tom and Mary said they might not do that.
I think Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary said they knew who did that.
I think Tom and Mary were impressed.
Tom and Mary said they knew I was coming.
I think Tom and Mary need your help.
Tom and Mary said they haven't done that.
I think Tom and Mary need something.
Tom and Mary said they had to talk to me.
I think Tom and Mary live in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they had nowhere to go.
I think Tom and Mary know something.
Tom and Mary said they grew up in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed the party.
I think Tom and Mary have been here.
Tom and Mary said they don't care at all.
I think Tom and Mary found new jobs.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to go.
I think Tom and Mary don't eat meat.
Tom and Mary said they didn't need money.
I think Tom and Mary aren't serious.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a dog.
I think Tom and Mary are very smart.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have a car.
I think Tom and Mary are unreliable.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel tired.
I think Tom and Mary are unlikeable.
Tom and Mary said they didn't drink wine.
I think Tom and Mary are unfriendly.
Tom and Mary said they didn't believe it.
I think Tom and Mary are unemployed.
Tom and Mary said they did that for John.
I think Tom and Mary are suspicious.
Tom and Mary said they did nothing wrong.
I think Tom and Mary are still sick.
Tom and Mary said that they wouldn't cry.
I think Tom and Mary are still poor.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't sick.
I think Tom and Mary are still lost.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't rich.
I think Tom and Mary are still home.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't poor.
I think Tom and Mary are still here.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't hurt.
I think Tom and Mary are still cold.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't full.
I think Tom and Mary are still busy.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't free.
I think Tom and Mary are sick of me.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't done.
I think Tom and Mary are prejudiced.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't cold.
I think Tom and Mary are possessive.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't busy.
I think Tom and Mary are photogenic.
Tom and Mary said that they were worried.
I think Tom and Mary are persuasive.
Tom and Mary said that they were unlucky.
I think Tom and Mary are persistent.
Tom and Mary said that they were unhappy.
I think Tom and Mary are overworked.
Tom and Mary said that they were thirsty.
I think Tom and Mary are overweight.
Tom and Mary said that they were stunned.
I think Tom and Mary are optimistic.
Tom and Mary said that they were starved.
I think Tom and Mary are nice names.
Tom and Mary said that they were shocked.
I think Tom and Mary are interested.
Tom and Mary said that they were serious.
I think Tom and Mary are in trouble.
Tom and Mary said that they were retired.
I think Tom and Mary are illiterate.
Tom and Mary said that they were relaxed.
I think Tom and Mary are having fun.
Tom and Mary said that they were puzzled.
I think Tom and Mary are good cooks.
Tom and Mary said that they were psyched.
I think Tom and Mary are frustrated.
Tom and Mary said that they were pleased.
I think Tom and Mary are frightened.
Tom and Mary said that they were nervous.
I think Tom and Mary are downstairs.
Tom and Mary said that they were married.
I think Tom and Mary are doing well.
Tom and Mary said that they were jealous.
I think Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary said that they were healthy.
I think Tom and Mary are displeased.
Tom and Mary said that they were furious.
I think Tom and Mary are disgusting.
Tom and Mary said that they were excited.
I think Tom and Mary are dependable.
Tom and Mary said that they were dubious.
I think Tom and Mary are delusional.
Tom and Mary said that they were curious.
I think Tom and Mary are courageous.
Tom and Mary said that they were baffled.
I think Tom and Mary are aggressive.
Tom and Mary said that they were annoyed.
I saw that Tom and Mary were afraid.
Tom and Mary said that they were adopted.
I need to know who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said that they spoke French.
I need to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they liked skiing.
I love the way Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't do it.
I like the way Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary refused to sign their names.
I like it when Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary realized they weren't alone.
I know why Tom and Mary were killed.
Tom and Mary put their seatbelts back on.
I know why Tom and Mary were crying.
Tom and Mary put their hats on the table.
I know why Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary put the books in their bags.
I know where Tom and Mary were born.
Tom and Mary put on their coats and left.
I know where Tom and Mary are going.
Tom and Mary promised they'd wait for us.
I know what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary promised they'd check on it.
I know what Tom and Mary want to do.
Tom and Mary promised they would do that.
I know what Tom and Mary need to do.
Tom and Mary promised they won't do that.
I know what Tom and Mary have to do.
Tom and Mary painted their bicycles blue.
I know that Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary often do that by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are strong.
Tom and Mary often contradict themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are strict.
Tom and Mary never told me they loved me.
I know that Tom and Mary are stingy.
Tom and Mary never do that by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are sleepy.
Tom and Mary need to stay where they are.
I know that Tom and Mary are scared.
Tom and Mary need to get over themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are insane.
Tom and Mary must be proud of themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are hungry.
Tom and Mary might want you to help them.
I know that Tom and Mary are honest.
Tom and Mary might do that by themselves.
I know that Tom and Mary are guilty.
Tom and Mary may have to quit their jobs.
I know that Tom and Mary are greedy.
Tom and Mary may have anything they want.
I know that Tom and Mary are famous.
Tom and Mary may do that if they want to.
I know that Tom and Mary are biased.
Tom and Mary made you laugh, didn't they?
I know that Tom and Mary are asleep.
Tom and Mary made up their minds quickly.
I know that Tom and Mary are afraid.
Tom and Mary lost their French textbooks.
I know that Tom and Mary are absent.
Tom and Mary lost all the money they had.
I know Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary looked over their shoulders.
I know Tom and Mary need to do that.
Tom and Mary looked like they were upset.
I know Tom and Mary like basketball.
Tom and Mary looked like they were tired.
I know Tom and Mary have to do that.
Tom and Mary looked like they were tense.
I know Tom and Mary are still alive.
Tom and Mary looked like they were sorry.
I know Tom and Mary are over thirty.
Tom and Mary looked like they were ready.
I knew what Tom and Mary were doing.
Tom and Mary looked like they were happy.
I knew that Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary looked like they were drunk.
I hope Tom and Mary like my present.
Tom and Mary looked like they were dizzy.
I hope Tom and Mary know what to do.
Tom and Mary looked like they were bored.
I hope Tom and Mary get better soon.
Tom and Mary looked like they were awake.
I hope Tom and Mary don't read this.
Tom and Mary looked like they were angry.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get tired.
Tom and Mary looked like they were alone.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get fired.
Tom and Mary looked like they were alive.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get bored.
Tom and Mary look like they're terrified.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't offended.
Tom and Mary look like they're skeptical.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't mistaken.
Tom and Mary look like they're satisfied.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't confused.
Tom and Mary look like they're miserable.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't careless.
Tom and Mary look like they're irritated.
I hope Tom and Mary are sympathetic.
Tom and Mary look like they're impressed.
I hope Tom and Mary are still alive.
Tom and Mary look like they're exhausted.
I hope Tom and Mary are cooperative.
Tom and Mary look like they're disgusted.
I helped Tom and Mary get jobs here.
Tom and Mary look like they're depressed.
I heard Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary live here all by themselves.
I hear Tom and Mary don't drink tea.
Tom and Mary left their umbrellas behind.
I haven't seen Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary left their coats downstairs.
I have to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary left because they were sick.
I have no idea who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary leaned back in their chairs.
I hate it when Tom and Mary do this.
Tom and Mary know where they can find me.
I hate it when Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary know what to do, don't they?
I guess Tom and Mary were in Boston.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't do that.
I found out where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary know they shouldn't be here.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary know they can't be replaced.
I don't think Tom and Mary like you.
Tom and Mary know that I don't like them.
I don't think Tom and Mary eat pork.
Tom and Mary know how much you love them.
I don't think Tom and Mary are well.
Tom and Mary know exactly what they want.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ugly.
Tom and Mary know about this, don't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are sure.
Tom and Mary knew what they needed to do.
I don't think Tom and Mary are slow.
Tom and Mary knew they'd have to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary knew they wouldn't be fired.
I don't think Tom and Mary are rich.
Tom and Mary knew they shouldn't do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are nosy.
Tom and Mary knew they needed to do that.
I don't think Tom and Mary are nice.
Tom and Mary knew that they had to hurry.
I don't think Tom and Mary are lazy.
Tom and Mary killed themselves yesterday.
I don't think Tom and Mary are home.
Tom and Mary killed themselves in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary introduced themselves to me.
I don't think Tom and Mary are done.
Tom and Mary intended to kill themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are dead.
Tom and Mary hoped they'd be able to win.
I don't think Tom and Mary are cute.
Tom and Mary helped themselves to coffee.
I don't think Tom and Mary are cold.
Tom and Mary haven't paid their rent yet.
I don't think Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary haven't done their homework.
I don't know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary have things they need to do.
I don't know what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary have safes in their offices.
I don't know what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary have overstayed their visas.
I don't know what Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary have outgrown their clothes.
I don't care where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary have done the best they can.
I don't care what Tom and Mary wear.
Tom and Mary have bruises on their faces.
I don't care what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary have already sold their car.
I don't care what Tom and Mary take.
Tom and Mary had to think for themselves.
I don't care how Tom and Mary dress.
Tom and Mary had to rewrite their essays.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were shy.
Tom and Mary had the table to themselves.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were mad.
Tom and Mary had the place to themselves.
I could tell Tom and Mary were hurt.
Tom and Mary had no idea where they were.
I could see Tom and Mary were happy.
Tom and Mary go everywhere by themselves.
I could see Tom and Mary were drunk.
Tom and Mary gave us everything they had.
I bet Tom and Mary know how to swim.
Tom and Mary gave me their phone numbers.
I bet Tom and Mary are pretty upset.
Tom and Mary found jobs that they can do.
I believe Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary forgot to renew their visas.
How often do Tom and Mary come here?
Tom and Mary explained why they did that.
How many horses do Tom and Mary own?
Tom and Mary excused themselves and left.
How long were Tom and Mary together?
Tom and Mary don't think they'll do that.
How long were Tom and Mary in there?
Tom and Mary don't speak French, do they?
How do Tom and Mary know each other?
Tom and Mary don't look so busy, do they?
How do Tom and Mary know about that?
Tom and Mary don't know why they're here.
How do Tom and Mary feel about that?
Tom and Mary do what they're asked to do.
How are Tom and Mary related to you?
Tom and Mary do what they think is right.
Have Tom and Mary made any progress?
Tom and Mary do what they say they'll do.
Have Tom and Mary had many visitors?
Tom and Mary do that when they're sleepy.
Have Tom and Mary filed a complaint?
Tom and Mary do that when they're hungry.
Have Tom and Mary ever been in love?
Tom and Mary do that in their spare time.
Have Tom and Mary done that already?
Tom and Mary do everything I ask them to.
Have Tom and Mary come back already?
Tom and Mary didn't want me to kiss them.
Have Tom and Mary been waiting long?
Tom and Mary didn't want me to help them.
Have Tom and Mary been around today?
Tom and Mary didn't like what they heard.
Have Tom and Mary already done that?
Tom and Mary didn't know where they were.
Have Tom and Mary already been here?
Tom and Mary didn't get what they wanted.
Even Tom and Mary weren't convinced.
Tom and Mary didn't get what they needed.
Even Tom and Mary don't know it yet.
Tom and Mary didn't do that on their own.
Don't you know who Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary didn't buy what they needed.
Don't Tom and Mary have any friends?
Tom and Mary didn't break their promises.
Do you think Tom and Mary were cold?
Tom and Mary did what we told them to do.
Do you think Tom and Mary are right?
Tom and Mary did what they planned to do.
Do you think Tom and Mary are ready?
Tom and Mary did what they had been told.
Do you think Tom and Mary are lying?
Tom and Mary did what they could to help.
Do you think Tom and Mary are happy?
Tom and Mary did what I asked them to do.
Do you think Tom and Mary are funny?
Tom and Mary did that for their children.
Do you think Tom and Mary are drunk?
Tom and Mary did that against their will.
Do you think Tom and Mary are broke?
Tom and Mary did that again, didn't they?
Do you think Tom and Mary are bored?
Tom and Mary denied that they left early.
Do you think Tom and Mary are awake?
Tom and Mary defended themselves bravely.
Do you think Tom and Mary are angry?
Tom and Mary decided that they'd do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are alone?
Tom and Mary couldn't get in their rooms.
Do you know where Tom and Mary work?
Tom and Mary could've gone by themselves.
Do you know where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary could do that if they tried.
Do what Tom and Mary tell you to do.
Tom and Mary contradict themselves a lot.
Do Tom and Mary wish to do that now?
Tom and Mary considered themselves lucky.
Do Tom and Mary want to leave today?
Tom and Mary claimed they weren't guilty.
Do Tom and Mary want to eat with us?
Tom and Mary claimed they weren't afraid.
Do Tom and Mary want to do that now?
Tom and Mary claimed they didn't do that.
Do Tom and Mary want the same thing?
Tom and Mary claim that they're innocent.
Do Tom and Mary tell you what to do?
Tom and Mary canceled their appointments.
Do Tom and Mary tell you everything?
Tom and Mary can't eat it all themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still work for John?
Tom and Mary can't do that by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still teach history?
Tom and Mary can wear anything they want.
Do Tom and Mary still owe you money?
Tom and Mary can take care of themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still need a doctor?
Tom and Mary can take anything they want.
Do Tom and Mary still look confused?
Tom and Mary can no longer do their jobs.
Do Tom and Mary still like tomatoes?
Tom and Mary can have whatever they want.
Do Tom and Mary still like it there?
Tom and Mary can have anything they want.
Do Tom and Mary still have bicycles?
Tom and Mary can do whatever they please.
Do Tom and Mary still feel that way?
Tom and Mary can do what they want to do.
Do Tom and Mary still do that a lot?
Tom and Mary can do that if they want to.
Do Tom and Mary really want to know?
Tom and Mary came to ask us to help them.
Do Tom and Mary really believe that?
Tom and Mary ate breakfast by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary need to leave today?
Tom and Mary asked me to give them money.
Do Tom and Mary look nervous to you?
Tom and Mary asked if they could do that.
Do Tom and Mary know you can't swim?
Tom and Mary aren't where they should be.
Do Tom and Mary know how to do that?
Tom and Mary aren't sure what they'll do.
Do Tom and Mary have to leave today?
Tom and Mary are wasting their time here.
Do Tom and Mary have fire insurance?
Tom and Mary are very sure of themselves.
Do Tom and Mary have any experience?
Tom and Mary are very smart, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary have an appointment?
Tom and Mary are very proud of their son.
Do Tom and Mary have a summer house?
Tom and Mary are very hard on themselves.
Do Tom and Mary get paid to do that?
Tom and Mary are very good at their jobs.
Do Tom and Mary ever get mad at you?
Tom and Mary are very angry, aren't they?
Do Tom and Mary buy you nice things?
Tom and Mary are upstairs in their rooms.
Do Tom and Mary believe in miracles?
Tom and Mary are unpacking their clothes.
Did Tom and Mary do that on purpose?
Tom and Mary are unfriendly, aren't they?
Did Tom and Mary do something wrong?
Tom and Mary are trying to do their best.
Chances are Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary are stronger than they look.
Can't you see Tom and Mary are sick?
Tom and Mary are staying at their aunt's.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are ready?
Tom and Mary are sorry for what they did.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are happy?
Tom and Mary are sleeping in their rooms.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are alone?
Tom and Mary are right where they belong.
Are Tom and Mary still working here?
Tom and Mary are really shy, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary serious about this?
Tom and Mary are quite rich, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary really that stupid?
Tom and Mary are proud of their students.
Are Tom and Mary protecting someone?
Tom and Mary are proud of their daughter.
Are Tom and Mary on any medications?
Tom and Mary are proud of their children.
Are Tom and Mary obliged to do that?
Tom and Mary are probably in their rooms.
Are Tom and Mary nervous about that?
Tom and Mary are pretty shy, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary likely to buy that?
Tom and Mary are pretty old, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary getting any better?
Tom and Mary are playing with their toys.
Are Tom and Mary any good at French?
Tom and Mary are packing their suitcases.
Are Tom and Mary allowed to do that?
Tom and Mary are in trouble, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary actually in danger?
Tom and Mary are in their rooms sleeping.
All Tom and Mary want to do is swim.
Tom and Mary are in their early thirties.
All Tom and Mary want to do is fish.
Tom and Mary are hoping you'll help them.
You said Tom and Mary were adopted.
Tom and Mary are hoping they can do that.
You know Tom and Mary want to help.
Tom and Mary are doing the best they can.
You can't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are doing fine on their own.
Will Tom and Mary do that tomorrow?
Tom and Mary are dependable, aren't they?
Why were Tom and Mary at your home?
Tom and Mary are convinced they're right.
Why shouldn't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary are being rude, aren't they?
Why haven't Tom and Mary called me?
Tom and Mary are behind in their studies.
Why don't Tom and Mary like Boston?
Tom and Mary are back where they started.
Why do Tom and Mary want to see me?
Tom and Mary are back in their apartment.
Why do Tom and Mary think I'm here?
Tom and Mary are aggressive, aren't they?
Why do Tom and Mary always do that?
Tom and Mary are afraid they'll get lost.
Why can't Tom and Mary do that now?
Tom and Mary always said they were lucky.
Why aren't Tom and Mary in the car?
Tom and Mary always put themselves first.
Why aren't Tom and Mary here today?
Tom and Mary always complain, don't they?
Why aren't Tom and Mary helping us?
Tom and Mary admitted they don't do that.
Why aren't Tom and Mary doing this?
Tom and Mary admitted that they did that.
Why aren't Tom and Mary doing that?
Tom and Mary acted like they were afraid.
Why are Tom and Mary wearing coats?
That's all Tom and Mary said they needed.
Why are Tom and Mary staring at me?
Tell me what Tom and Mary took with them.
Why are Tom and Mary so mad at you?
Tell Tom and Mary we're waiting for them.
Why are Tom and Mary looking at us?
Tell Tom and Mary they shouldn't do that.
Why are Tom and Mary afraid of you?
Tell Tom and Mary I'm coming to see them.
Who else do Tom and Mary work with?
Tell Tom and Mary I want to talk to them.
Who do Tom and Mary think will win?
Let Tom and Mary read whatever they want.
Who do Tom and Mary think did that?
Let Tom and Mary read anything they want.
Who are Tom and Mary talking about?
Let Tom and Mary have whatever they want.
Where were Tom and Mary last night?
Let Tom and Mary have anything they want.
Where were Tom and Mary imprisoned?
I'll help Tom and Mary clean their rooms.
Where were Tom and Mary being held?
I'll find Tom and Mary and let them know.
Where exactly do Tom and Mary live?
I told Tom and Mary to clean their rooms.
Where do Tom and Mary want to work?
I told Tom and Mary they were in trouble.
Where do Tom and Mary want to live?
I told Tom and Mary I'd do that for them.
Where do Tom and Mary go to school?
I think Tom and Mary said they'd be back.
Where are Tom and Mary working now?
I know Tom and Mary want us to help them.
Where are Tom and Mary going to go?
I know Tom and Mary are in their offices.
Where are Tom and Mary going to be?
I guess Tom and Mary changed their minds.
When do Tom and Mary want to leave?
I can't leave Tom and Mary by themselves.
When do Tom and Mary eat breakfast?
I asked Tom and Mary what they'd suggest.
When are Tom and Mary going to eat?
I asked Tom and Mary to clean their room.
When are Tom and Mary getting here?
I asked Tom and Mary for their addresses.
What were Tom and Mary waiting for?
How old were Tom and Mary when they died?
What were Tom and Mary looking for?
Have Tom and Mary cleaned their room yet?
What were Tom and Mary doing there?
Did Tom and Mary say why they were fired?
What time do Tom and Mary get home?
Did Tom and Mary say where they did that?
What time did Tom and Mary do that?
Did Tom and Mary say when they'd do that?
What if Tom and Mary don't make it?
Did Tom and Mary say when they'd be here?
What if Tom and Mary don't like me?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd visit Boston?
What if Tom and Mary don't do that?
Did Tom and Mary say they'd go to Boston?
What have Tom and Mary done lately?
Did Tom and Mary say they had to do that?
What floor do Tom and Mary live on?
Did Tom and Mary say they didn't do that?
What exactly do Tom and Mary think?
Did Tom and Mary let you drive their car?
What do Tom and Mary want us to do?
Could Tom and Mary do that by themselves?
What do Tom and Mary want me to do?
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll go to Boston.
What do Tom and Mary think of this?
Ask Tom and Mary if they want to do that.
What do Tom and Mary need this for?
Ask Tom and Mary if they need to do that.
What do Tom and Mary eat for lunch?
Ask Tom and Mary if they have to do that.
What do Tom and Mary do on Mondays?
Are Tom and Mary cleaning their room now?
What did Tom and Mary do yesterday?
Would Tom and Mary do that on their own?
What did Tom and Mary do on Monday?
Will Tom and Mary go home by themselves?
What did Tom and Mary do last week?
Will Tom and Mary do that by themselves?
What are Tom and Mary trying to do?
Why didn't Tom and Mary come themselves?
What are Tom and Mary so mad about?
Why did Tom and Mary do that themselves?
What are Tom and Mary running from?
Why did Tom and Mary change their minds?
What are Tom and Mary referring to?
Who did Tom and Mary say gave them that?
What are Tom and Mary planning now?
When Tom and Mary saw me, they ran away.
What are Tom and Mary listening to?
What Tom and Mary saw made them unhappy.
What are Tom and Mary going to eat?
What Tom and Mary saw made them nervous.
What Tom and Mary need is guidance?
Tom and Mary worked most of their lives.
Weren't Tom and Mary here with you?
Tom and Mary wished they had more money.
Were Tom and Mary angry about that?
Tom and Mary wish they'd done that, too.
We know that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary wish they hadn't done that.
We hope Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary will get themselves killed.
We didn't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary will do that by themselves.
We assumed Tom and Mary were alone.
Tom and Mary will come if you call them.
Tom and Mary will do that for free.
Tom and Mary will be glad they did that.
Tom and Mary weren't talking to us.
Tom and Mary weren't serious, were they?
Tom and Mary were playing football.
Tom and Mary weren't at home, were they?
Tom and Mary were grinning at John.
Tom and Mary were raised by their uncle.
Tom and Mary were eating ice cream.
Tom and Mary were just doing their jobs.
Tom and Mary were doing that wrong.
Tom and Mary were fired from their jobs.
Tom and Mary tend to forget things.
Tom and Mary were ashamed of themselves.
Tom and Mary never talk about that.
Tom and Mary were afraid they'd be late.
Tom and Mary need to wait for John.
Tom and Mary went back to their offices.
Tom and Mary live just a mile away.
Tom and Mary went back to their bedroom.
Tom and Mary know a lot about that.
Tom and Mary went back into their rooms.
Tom and Mary have been complaining.
Tom and Mary waved to everyone they saw.
Tom and Mary drink a lot of coffee.
Tom and Mary wanted to wash their hands.
Tom and Mary don't want to meet me.
Tom and Mary wanted me to wait for them.
Tom and Mary don't want to keep it.
Tom and Mary wanted me to come get them.
Tom and Mary don't feel well today.
Tom and Mary want you to sing with them.
Tom and Mary asked John to help us.
Tom and Mary want to improve themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't ready to begin.
Tom and Mary want to go, but they can't.
Tom and Mary want to call their lawyers.
Tom and Mary aren't going that far.
Tom and Mary want me to buy them a pony.
Tom and Mary aren't as fast as you.
Tom and Mary walked their dog every day.
Tom and Mary are waiting for a bus.
Tom and Mary walked back to their hotel.
Tom and Mary are very quiet people.
Tom and Mary vowed they'd never do that.
Tom and Mary are very disappointed.
Tom and Mary usually keep to themselves.
Tom and Mary are unsure what to do.
Tom and Mary tried to defend themselves.
Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary took off their muddy shoes.
Tom and Mary are still pretty busy.
Tom and Mary told us they would do that.
Tom and Mary are still on the team.
Tom and Mary told us they couldn't help.
Tom and Mary are still cleaning up.
Tom and Mary told us they could do that.
Tom and Mary are ready to help you.
Tom and Mary told me why they were late.
Tom and Mary are quieter than John.
Tom and Mary told me to meet them there.
Tom and Mary are probably dead now.
Tom and Mary told me they'd wait for us.
Tom and Mary are on a tight budget.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't wait.
Tom and Mary are meeting with John.
Tom and Mary told me they would do that.
Tom and Mary are looking into that.
Tom and Mary told me they won't do that.
Tom and Mary are likely to succeed.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't upset.
Tom and Mary are likely to be fair.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't tired.
Tom and Mary are leaving right now.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't sorry.
Tom and Mary are leaving next year.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't happy.
Tom and Mary are just here to help.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't bored.
Tom and Mary are just finishing up.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't angry.
Tom and Mary are just disappointed.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't alone.
Tom and Mary are invited to dinner.
Tom and Mary told me they were worn out.
Tom and Mary are in good condition.
Tom and Mary told me they were unafraid.
Tom and Mary are here to play golf.
Tom and Mary told me they were ticklish.
Tom and Mary are here to meet John.
Tom and Mary told me they were prepared.
Tom and Mary are here to help John.
Tom and Mary told me they were mistaken.
Tom and Mary are good at this game.
Tom and Mary told me they were innocent.
Tom and Mary are going to the pool.
Tom and Mary told me they were grateful.
Tom and Mary are going to see John.
Tom and Mary told me they were finished.
Tom and Mary are going to my place.
Tom and Mary told me they were confused.
Tom and Mary are going to miss you.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to cry.
Tom and Mary are going to help you.
Tom and Mary told me they might do that.
Tom and Mary are going to fix this.
Tom and Mary told me they liked my idea.
Tom and Mary are going to fix that.
Tom and Mary told me they had headaches.
Tom and Mary are going to find you.
Tom and Mary told me they felt offended.
Tom and Mary are going to be ready.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't get it.
Tom and Mary are going there alone.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't walk.
Tom and Mary are going out tonight.
Tom and Mary told me they couldn't wait.
Tom and Mary are getting desperate.
Tom and Mary told me they could help us.
Tom and Mary are from a big family.
Tom and Mary told me they could do that.
Tom and Mary are friends of John's.
Tom and Mary told me they believed that.
Tom and Mary are eating sandwiches.
Tom and Mary told me that they're upset.
Tom and Mary are doing really well.
Tom and Mary told me that they're tired.
Tom and Mary are doing fine so far.
Tom and Mary told me that they're ready.
Tom and Mary are doing fairly well.
Tom and Mary told me that they're broke.
Tom and Mary are coming right back.
Tom and Mary told me that they're bored.
Tom and Mary are certainly curious.
Tom and Mary told me that they were shy.
Tom and Mary are business partners.
Tom and Mary told me that they were sad.
Tom and Mary are behind bars again.
Tom and Mary told me that they were mad.
Tom and Mary are already teenagers.
Tom and Mary told me not to follow them.
Tom and Mary are all scared of you.
Tom and Mary told me it was their fault.
Tom and Mary are ahead of schedule.
Tom and Mary told John they were sleepy.
Tom and Mary are John's assistants.
Tom and Mary told John they were hungry.
That's why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary thought they could help us.
That's just what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary think they're good singers.
That means Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary think they're good drivers.
Tell me when Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary think they know what to do.
Should I help Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary swore they'd never do that.
Please tell me Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary swore they'd do that today.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary stayed there by themselves.
Of course, Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary sold their house last week.
Obviously, Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary sold everything they owned.
Nobody knew Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary showed me their portfolios.
Nobody but Tom and Mary were ready.
Tom and Mary shouldn't go by themselves.
No one knows Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary should stay where they are.
My parents' names are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary should be in their offices.
Maybe Tom and Mary were distracted.
Tom and Mary shot themselves last night.
Maybe Tom and Mary want to do that.
Tom and Mary seemed to know their stuff.
Make sure Tom and Mary stay in bed.
Tom and Mary say they've heard you sing.
Let's see if Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary say they've been to Boston.
Let's see how well Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they're good at French.
Let's hope Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary say they're getting hungry.
Let's hope Tom and Mary don't come.
Tom and Mary say they'll think about it.
It looks like Tom and Mary are shy.
Tom and Mary say they'll never go again.
It looks like Tom and Mary are out.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that for me.
It looks like Tom and Mary are mad.
Tom and Mary say they'll call you later.
It appears that Tom and Mary agree.
Tom and Mary say they'd love to do that.
If Tom and Mary win, I'll be happy.
Tom and Mary say they'd like to do that.
If Tom and Mary do that, so will I.
Tom and Mary say they won't get married.
I've seen Tom and Mary help people.
Tom and Mary say they wanted to do that.
I'm glad Tom and Mary weren't hurt.
Tom and Mary say they want to walk home.
I'll see if Tom and Mary are awake.
Tom and Mary say they shouldn't do that.
I'll go see if Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary say they regret doing that.
I'd never let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they needed to do that.
I wondered where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary say they need a break, too.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are late.
Tom and Mary say they might go shopping.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary say they love it in Boston.
Tom and Mary say they like Chinese food.
I wonder if Tom and Mary like blue.
Tom and Mary say they intend to do that.
I wonder if Tom and Mary like beer.
Tom and Mary say they hope that you win.
I wonder if Tom and Mary have left.
Tom and Mary say they have stomachaches.
I wish Tom and Mary were here, too.
Tom and Mary say they feel the same way.
I wish Tom and Mary were alive now.
Tom and Mary say they don't like Boston.
I want to see Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they did nothing wrong.
I told you Tom and Mary were smart.
Tom and Mary say they can't do that yet.
I told you Tom and Mary were ready.
Tom and Mary say they can do that today.
I told you Tom and Mary were crazy.
Tom and Mary say they believe in ghosts.
I thought Tom and Mary were stupid.
Tom and Mary say that they're very rich.
I thought Tom and Mary were sleepy.
Tom and Mary say that they're very busy.
I thought Tom and Mary were scared.
Tom and Mary say that they teach French.
I thought Tom and Mary were lonely.
Tom and Mary say that they study French.
I thought Tom and Mary were joking.
Tom and Mary said you were their friend.
I thought Tom and Mary were guilty.
Tom and Mary said you told them to wait.
I thought Tom and Mary were coming.
Tom and Mary said this belonged to them.
I thought Tom and Mary were asleep.
Tom and Mary said they've been forgiven.
I thought Tom and Mary were afraid.
Tom and Mary said they're ready to help.
I thought Tom and Mary were absent.
Tom and Mary said they'll never do that.
I think that Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that later.
I think that Tom and Mary are kind.
Tom and Mary said they'll check into it.
I think maybe Tom and Mary need me.
Tom and Mary said they'd try to do that.
I think Tom and Mary work at night.
Tom and Mary said they'd try doing that.
I think Tom and Mary were in shock.
Tom and Mary said they'd think about it.
I think Tom and Mary were grateful.
Tom and Mary said they'd rather go home.
I think Tom and Mary were bluffing.
Tom and Mary said they'd likely do that.
I think Tom and Mary want our help.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for us.
I think Tom and Mary never do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that for me.
I think Tom and Mary like baseball.
Tom and Mary said they'd call you later.
I think Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be coming back.
I think Tom and Mary are very sick.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't help me.
I think Tom and Mary are very cool.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are too young.
Tom and Mary said they weren't offended.
I think Tom and Mary are terrified.
Tom and Mary said they weren't Canadian.
I think Tom and Mary are still mad.
Tom and Mary said they were ready to go.
I think Tom and Mary are skeptical.
Tom and Mary said they were over thirty.
I think Tom and Mary are satisfied.
Tom and Mary said they were from Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are organized.
Tom and Mary said they were feeling bad.
I think Tom and Mary are obstinate.
Tom and Mary said they were disoriented.
I think Tom and Mary are obsessive.
Tom and Mary said they were coming back.
I think Tom and Mary are obnoxious.
Tom and Mary said they want to meet you.
I think Tom and Mary are motivated.
Tom and Mary said they tried to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are miserable.
Tom and Mary said they ought to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are like that.
Tom and Mary said they needed some cash.
I think Tom and Mary are irritated.
Tom and Mary said they needed more time.
I think Tom and Mary are intrigued.
Tom and Mary said they liked to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are incorrect.
Tom and Mary said they liked doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary said they had to work late.
I think Tom and Mary are improving.
Tom and Mary said they had to walk home.
I think Tom and Mary are impressed.
Tom and Mary said they had to stay home.
I think Tom and Mary are impatient.
Tom and Mary said they had a job for me.
I think Tom and Mary are forgetful.
Tom and Mary said they found their keys.
I think Tom and Mary are exhausted.
Tom and Mary said they forgot something.
I think Tom and Mary are easygoing.
Tom and Mary said they felt no pressure.
I think Tom and Mary are dishonest.
Tom and Mary said they felt like crying.
I think Tom and Mary are desperate.
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed the view.
I think Tom and Mary are depressed.
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed the show.
I think Tom and Mary are deceitful.
Tom and Mary said they enjoy doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are dangerous.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like dogs.
I think Tom and Mary are contented.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like cats.
I think Tom and Mary are confident.
Tom and Mary said they didn't like beer.
I think Tom and Mary are concerned.
Tom and Mary said they didn't have jobs.
I think Tom and Mary are conceited.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel well.
I think Tom and Mary are competent.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel safe.
I think Tom and Mary are brilliant.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel cold.
I think Tom and Mary are all right.
Tom and Mary said they did that in 2013.
I sure hope Tom and Mary don't cry.
Tom and Mary said they did that for you.
I sure hope Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary said they did that already.
I should help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't help me.
I regarded Tom and Mary as friends.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do that.
I realized Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't breathe.
I made Tom and Mary do that for me.
Tom and Mary said they ate way too much.
I know why Tom and Mary were fired.
Tom and Mary said they appreciated that.
I know why Tom and Mary are afraid.
Tom and Mary said they already did that.
I know when Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary said their jobs were tough.
I know what Tom and Mary are up to.
Tom and Mary said their hands were cold.
I know what Tom and Mary are doing.
Tom and Mary said their backs were sore.
I know that Tom and Mary like jazz.
Tom and Mary said that's fine with them.
I know that Tom and Mary are young.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't sad.
I know that Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't mad.
I know that Tom and Mary are weird.
Tom and Mary said that they were strong.
I know that Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary said that they were sleepy.
I know that Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary said that they were single.
I know that Tom and Mary are sorry.
Tom and Mary said that they were scared.
I know that Tom and Mary are smart.
Tom and Mary said that they were lonely.
I know that Tom and Mary are short.
Tom and Mary said that they were hungry.
I know that Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary said that they were eating.
I know that Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary said that they were amused.
I know that Tom and Mary are lucky.
Tom and Mary said that they were afraid.
I know that Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary said that they need a loan.
I know that Tom and Mary are drunk.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't know.
I know that Tom and Mary are crazy.
Tom and Mary said it didn't bother them.
I know that Tom and Mary are broke.
Tom and Mary regret doing what they did.
I know that Tom and Mary are brave.
Tom and Mary refused to pay their bills.
I know that Tom and Mary are bossy.
Tom and Mary really miss their families.
I know that Tom and Mary are bored.
Tom and Mary realized they were trapped.
I know that Tom and Mary are blind.
Tom and Mary realized they had to leave.
I know that Tom and Mary are awake.
Tom and Mary quit their jobs last month.
I know that Tom and Mary are angry.
Tom and Mary put their hands in the air.
I know that Tom and Mary are alone.
Tom and Mary promised they'd be on time.
I know that Tom and Mary are alive.
Tom and Mary promised they wouldn't cry.
I know Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd do that.
I know Tom and Mary like to travel.
Tom and Mary pretended they were asleep.
I know Tom and Mary know something.
Tom and Mary pretended they didn't care.
I know Tom and Mary have done that.
Tom and Mary pawned their wedding rings.
I know Tom and Mary have been hurt.
Tom and Mary partially blame themselves.
I knew why Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary painted their bicycles red.
I knew Tom and Mary were different.
Tom and Mary never got out of their car.
I knew Tom and Mary were Canadians.
Tom and Mary never do that on their own.
I hope Tom and Mary weren't scared.
Tom and Mary need to protect themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary were listening.
Tom and Mary might do that on their own.
I hope Tom and Mary stay in school.
Tom and Mary might ask you to help them.
I hope Tom and Mary stay in Boston.
Tom and Mary may eat anything they want.
I hope Tom and Mary get here early.
Tom and Mary may be in over their heads.
I hope Tom and Mary don't get sick.
Tom and Mary made themselves sandwiches.
I hope Tom and Mary do that for us.
Tom and Mary loved what they were doing.
I hope Tom and Mary come to Boston.
Tom and Mary lost their umbrellas again.
I hope Tom and Mary come home soon.
Tom and Mary lost their jobs last month.
I hope Tom and Mary come back soon.
Tom and Mary lost the key to their room.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't nervous.
Tom and Mary looked through their stuff.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't jealous.
Tom and Mary looked like they were warm.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't driving.
Tom and Mary looked like they were sick.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't annoyed.
Tom and Mary looked like they were hurt.
I hope Tom and Mary are supportive.
Tom and Mary looked like they were fine.
I hope Tom and Mary are reasonable.
Tom and Mary looked like they were done.
I hope Tom and Mary are interested.
Tom and Mary looked like they were dead.
I hope Tom and Mary are feeling OK.
Tom and Mary looked like they were cold.
I hope Tom and Mary are doing that.
Tom and Mary looked like they were busy.
I heard that Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary looked like they might cry.
I heard Tom and Mary were captured.
Tom and Mary looked like they always do.
I hear Tom and Mary don't eat meat.
Tom and Mary looked down at their shoes.
I hear Tom and Mary are interested.
Tom and Mary look like they're sleeping.
I had to help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary look like they're relieved.
I had Tom and Mary do that for you.
Tom and Mary look like they're prepared.
I figured Tom and Mary were asleep.
Tom and Mary look like they're finished.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary look like they're confused.
I don't think Tom and Mary like me.
Tom and Mary look like they just got up.
I don't think Tom and Mary like it.
Tom and Mary look like they belong here.
I don't think Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary lived alone with their dog.
I don't think Tom and Mary are shy.
Tom and Mary live in Boston, don't they?
I don't think Tom and Mary are sad.
Tom and Mary liked what they were doing.
I don't think Tom and Mary are old.
Tom and Mary like to keep to themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are mad.
Tom and Mary lied to protect themselves.
I don't think Tom and Mary are fat.
Tom and Mary left their tickets at home.
I don't care where Tom and Mary go.
Tom and Mary left their hats in my room.
I don't care what Tom and Mary say.
Tom and Mary left as soon as they could.
I don't care what Tom and Mary eat.
Tom and Mary know what they ought to do.
I didn't help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary know what they need to buy.
I could see Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary know what they have to buy.
I consider Tom and Mary my friends.
Tom and Mary know they're being watched.
I can see Tom and Mary are in pain.
Tom and Mary know they're being lied to.
I bet Tom and Mary were very happy.
Tom and Mary know they ought to do that.
I bet Tom and Mary know the lyrics.
Tom and Mary know they have to be ready.
I bet Tom and Mary know the answer.
Tom and Mary know that they can do that.
I believe Tom and Mary are correct.
Tom and Mary knew what they ought to do.
I assume Tom and Mary were kidding.
Tom and Mary knew they had to apologize.
I asked why Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary knew they couldn't do that.
How often did Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary knew that they could do it.
How much time do Tom and Mary have?
Tom and Mary just told me what they did.
How many sons do Tom and Mary have?
Tom and Mary just need to do their jobs.
How many cats do Tom and Mary have?
Tom and Mary just finished their coffee.
How many cars do Tom and Mary have?
Tom and Mary just can't help themselves.
How long were Tom and Mary married?
Tom and Mary invited their friends over.
How do you think Tom and Mary feel?
Tom and Mary hurt themselves doing that.
How do Tom and Mary intend to help?
Tom and Mary hope that they can do that.
How do Tom and Mary come to school?
Tom and Mary heard someone calling them.
How badly injured are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary have to protect themselves.
Haven't Tom and Mary done that yet?
Tom and Mary have to change their plans.
Haven't Tom and Mary come home yet?
Tom and Mary have tattoos on their arms.
Have Tom and Mary really come back?
Tom and Mary have spent all their money.
Have Tom and Mary promised to sing?
Tom and Mary have scars on their cheeks.
Have Tom and Mary had any visitors?
Tom and Mary have dyed their hair black.
Have Tom and Mary finished already?
Tom and Mary have called off their trip.
Have Tom and Mary done this before?
Tom and Mary have braces on their teeth.
Have Tom and Mary broken any rules?
Tom and Mary have been dying their hair.
Have Tom and Mary been watching TV?
Tom and Mary had the room to themselves.
Have Tom and Mary been transferred?
Tom and Mary had everything they wanted.
Have Tom and Mary already returned?
Tom and Mary got rid of their old books.
Don't Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tom and Mary got lost on their way here.
Do you think Tom and Mary are wise?
Tom and Mary got everything they wanted.
Do you think Tom and Mary are ugly?
Tom and Mary forgot to wash their hands.
Do you think Tom and Mary are sick?
Tom and Mary forgot to sign their names.
Do you think Tom and Mary are cold?
Tom and Mary forgot to file their taxes.
Do you think Tom and Mary are busy?
Tom and Mary forgot their own birthdays.
Do you know what Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary fixed themselves cocktails.
Do you know what Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary figured they could do that.
Do Tom and Mary work in Boston too?
Tom and Mary fed their dog table scraps.
Do Tom and Mary wear wedding rings?
Tom and Mary don't really know, do they?
Do Tom and Mary wear shoes indoors?
Tom and Mary don't really care, do they?
Do Tom and Mary want to see me now?
Tom and Mary don't like their nicknames.
Do Tom and Mary want to go with us?
Tom and Mary do that when they're tired.
Do Tom and Mary study after dinner?
Tom and Mary do that when they're happy.
Do Tom and Mary still wear glasses?
Tom and Mary do that when they're drunk.
Do Tom and Mary still want to come?
Tom and Mary do anything I tell them to.
Do Tom and Mary still teach French?
Tom and Mary didn't take their hats off.
Do Tom and Mary still study French?
Tom and Mary didn't say where they went.
Do Tom and Mary still go to school?
Tom and Mary didn't mean what they said.
Do Tom and Mary still go to church?
Tom and Mary didn't know what they'd do.
Do Tom and Mary still drink coffee?
Tom and Mary didn't finish their dinner.
Do Tom and Mary seem insane to you?
Tom and Mary didn't do it by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary really belong here?
Tom and Mary didn't break their promise.
Do Tom and Mary need anything else?
Tom and Mary did what they wanted to do.
Do Tom and Mary live here with you?
Tom and Mary did what they needed to do.
Do Tom and Mary live far from here?
Tom and Mary did what I told them to do.
Do Tom and Mary know you're coming?
Tom and Mary did the work by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know you work here?
Tom and Mary did the best they could do.
Do Tom and Mary know what happened?
Tom and Mary did all they could to help.
Do Tom and Mary know that you know?
Tom and Mary decided to quit their jobs.
Do Tom and Mary have what it takes?
Tom and Mary couldn't get in their room.
Do Tom and Mary have anything left?
Tom and Mary could buy what they needed.
Do Tom and Mary have any allergies?
Tom and Mary claimed they were innocent.
Do Tom and Mary have a future here?
Tom and Mary claimed they could do that.
Do Tom and Mary go to Boston often?
Tom and Mary canceled their appointment.
Did Tom and Mary make this for you?
Tom and Mary can't do that on their own.
Call me when Tom and Mary get home.
Tom and Mary can't do it all themselves.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are safe?
Tom and Mary can sit wherever they like.
Are you Tom and Mary by any chance?
Tom and Mary can say whatever they want.
Are Tom and Mary telling the truth?
Tom and Mary can get home by themselves.
Are Tom and Mary still on vacation?
Tom and Mary can eat anything they want.
Are Tom and Mary really happy here?
Tom and Mary can buy whatever they want.
Are Tom and Mary really doing that?
Tom and Mary bought themselves sweaters.
Are Tom and Mary prepared for this?
Tom and Mary believe they could do that.
Are Tom and Mary likely to do that?
Tom and Mary asked me to meet them here.
Are Tom and Mary going to help you?
Tom and Mary asked if they were invited.
Are Tom and Mary going to buy this?
Tom and Mary aren't enjoying themselves.
Are Tom and Mary going to be there?
Tom and Mary aren't as old as they seem.
Are Tom and Mary coming back again?
Tom and Mary aren't as old as they look.
Are Tom and Mary always so helpful?
Tom and Mary are younger than they look.
Are Tom and Mary afraid to do that?
Tom and Mary are working at their desks.
Are Tom and Mary actually in there?
Tom and Mary are with their parents now.
Are Tom and Mary Canadian citizens?
Tom and Mary are wearing their uniforms.
You need to get Tom and Mary jobs.
Tom and Mary are very tall, aren't they?
Will you let Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary are very rude, aren't they?
Will Tom and Mary do that with us?
Tom and Mary are very rich, aren't they?
Why wouldn't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary are very late, aren't they?
Why weren't Tom and Mary notified?
Tom and Mary are very fast, aren't they?
Why weren't Tom and Mary arrested?
Tom and Mary are updating their website.
Why were Tom and Mary transferred?
Tom and Mary are tougher than they look.
Why were Tom and Mary there alone?
Tom and Mary are tidying up their rooms.
Why don't Tom and Mary want to go?
Tom and Mary are talkative, aren't they?
Why don't Tom and Mary ever smile?
Tom and Mary are taking off their shoes.
Why do Tom and Mary want you here?
Tom and Mary are still in their pajamas.
Why do Tom and Mary never do that?
Tom and Mary are still in their offices.
Why do Tom and Mary have to leave?
Tom and Mary are smarter than they look.
Why do Tom and Mary drink so much?
Tom and Mary are sitting at their desks.
Why did Tom and Mary do that here?
Tom and Mary are safe here, aren't they?
Why couldn't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary are putting on their shoes.
Why aren't Tom and Mary at school?
Tom and Mary are pretty busy themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary working late?
Tom and Mary are playing in their rooms.
Why are Tom and Mary still crying?
Tom and Mary are on their way to school.
Why are Tom and Mary following me?
Tom and Mary are on their way to John's.
Why are Tom and Mary afraid of me?
Tom and Mary are on their way to Boston.
Who were Tom and Mary waiting for?
Tom and Mary are on their way back home.
Who were Tom and Mary skiing with?
Tom and Mary are on their way back here.
Who were Tom and Mary shouting at?
Tom and Mary are obstinate, aren't they?
Who do Tom and Mary remind you of?
Tom and Mary are obnoxious, aren't they?
Who do Tom and Mary hang out with?
Tom and Mary are looking for their keys.
Who did Tom and Mary do that with?
Tom and Mary are looking for their dogs.
Who cares where Tom and Mary were?
Tom and Mary are in their late thirties.
Who cares what Tom and Mary think?
Tom and Mary are in Boston, aren't they?
Where were Tom and Mary yesterday?
Tom and Mary are impatient, aren't they?
Where do Tom and Mary want to eat?
Tom and Mary are exhausted, aren't they?
Where do Tom and Mary plan to eat?
Tom and Mary are decorating their rooms.
Where are Tom and Mary being held?
Tom and Mary are cute when they do that.
When are Tom and Mary coming home?
Tom and Mary are confident they can win.
When are Tom and Mary coming back?
Tom and Mary are conceited, aren't they?
What'll Tom and Mary do with that?
Tom and Mary are changing their clothes.
What were Tom and Mary working on?
Tom and Mary are back where they belong.
What were Tom and Mary staring at?
Tom and Mary are at their desks working.
What were Tom and Mary looking at?
Tom and Mary are at school, aren't they?
What time are Tom and Mary coming?
Tom and Mary are ambitious, aren't they?
What is it that Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary are already at their desks.
What have Tom and Mary done wrong?
Tom and Mary are all riding their bikes.
What have Tom and Mary been up to?
Tom and Mary are active in their church.
What have Tom and Mary been doing?
Tom and Mary are Canadians, aren't they?
What exactly do Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary always think they're right.
What do Tom and Mary want with me?
Tom and Mary admitted they've done that.
What do Tom and Mary want to know?
Tom and Mary admitted they were nervous.
What do Tom and Mary want from us?
Tom and Mary actually did it themselves.
What do Tom and Mary want from me?
Tom and Mary act like they're exhausted.
What do Tom and Mary really think?
Tom and John are with their girlfriends.
What do Tom and Mary intend to do?
Tell Tom and Mary they ought to do that.
What do Tom and Mary have to lose?
Tell Tom and Mary I'm sorry I hurt them.
What do Tom and Mary have in mind?
Tell Tom and Mary I'll see them tonight.
What do Tom and Mary do every day?
Please ask Tom and Mary what they'll do.
What did Tom and Mary make you do?
Let Tom and Mary eat whatever they want.
What did Tom and Mary do that for?
Let Tom and Mary eat anything they want.
What can Tom and Mary do about it?
Let Tom and Mary buy whatever they want.
What are Tom and Mary waiting for?
Let Tom and Mary buy anything they want.
What are Tom and Mary really like?
I'll help Tom and Mary clean their room.
What are Tom and Mary looking for?
I'll ask Tom and Mary why they did that.
What are Tom and Mary going to do?
I'll ask Tom and Mary how they did that.
What are Tom and Mary doing today?
I told Tom and Mary to wash their hands.
What are Tom and Mary doing there?
I told Tom and Mary to clean their room.
What are Tom and Mary doing later?
I think Tom and Mary injured themselves.
What are Tom and Mary angry about?
I thanked Tom and Mary for their advice.
Were Tom and Mary waiting for you?
I saw Tom and Mary fall off their bikes.
Were Tom and Mary here last night?
I know why Tom and Mary quit their jobs.
Were Tom and Mary at school today?
I helped Tom and Mary do their homework.
We know Tom and Mary are in there.
I helped Tom and Mary clean their rooms.
We knew Tom and Mary were unhappy.
I help Tom and Mary with their homework.
We don't let Tom and Mary do that.
I asked Tom and Mary what they'd advise.
We can't let Tom and Mary do that.
I asked Tom and Mary how they'd do that.
Tom and Mary's car's always dirty.
Do Tom and Mary want me to go with them?
Tom and Mary were staring at John.
Do Tom and Mary think they'll stay long?
Tom and Mary speak many languages.
Do Tom and Mary look like they're happy?
Tom and Mary seem to know already.
Do Tom and Mary know what they're doing?
Tom and Mary moved back to Boston.
Do Tom and Mary know that you love them?
Tom and Mary live in a safe place.
Did Tom and Mary say why they were here?
Tom and Mary haven't told us much.
Did Tom and Mary say when they'd arrive?
Tom and Mary have to go to Boston.
Did Tom and Mary say they'd eat with us?
Tom and Mary don't want to try it.
Did Tom and Mary say they would do that?
Tom and Mary don't want to see us.
Did Tom and Mary really kill themselves?
Tom and Mary don't want to see me.
Ask Tom and Mary who taught them French.
Tom and Mary don't want to see it.
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll come back.
Tom and Mary don't want to retire.
Ask Tom and Mary to bring their guitars.
Tom and Mary don't want to escape.
Are Tom and Mary still in their offices?
Tom and Mary don't want to change.
Why did Tom and Mary cancel their trip?
Tom and Mary don't talk very much.
Who did Tom and Mary sell their car to?
Tom and Mary discussed the matter.
Where did Tom and Mary say they'd gone?
Tom and Mary aren't students here.
When did Tom and Mary break their legs?
Tom and Mary aren't going to quit.
Tom and Mary won't be there, will they?
Tom and Mary aren't going to lose.
Tom and Mary wished they hadn't looked.
Tom and Mary aren't convinced yet.
Tom and Mary wished they had more time.
Tom and Mary aren't at work today.
Tom and Mary will do whatever they can.
Tom and Mary aren't afraid of you.
Tom and Mary will do that on their own.
Tom and Mary are watching a movie.
Tom and Mary will be there, won't they?
Tom and Mary are waiting for John.
Tom and Mary were lying on their backs.
Tom and Mary are very, very lucky.
Tom and Mary were in their beds asleep.
Tom and Mary are very, very angry.
Tom and Mary were defending themselves.
Tom and Mary are very discouraged.
Tom and Mary were cleaning their rooms.
Tom and Mary are very competitive.
Tom and Mary went back into their room.
Tom and Mary are too old for this.
Tom and Mary wanted to sell their cars.
Tom and Mary are to blame as well.
Tom and Mary wanted to kill themselves.
Tom and Mary are tired of waiting.
Tom and Mary want you to wait for them.
Tom and Mary are terrified of you.
Tom and Mary want to call their lawyer.
Tom and Mary are taller than John.
Tom and Mary want me to work with them.
Tom and Mary are talking together.
Tom and Mary unbuckled their seatbelts.
Tom and Mary are still having fun.
Tom and Mary turned on their computers.
Tom and Mary are still doing well.
Tom and Mary tried to sell their house.
Tom and Mary are ready to move on.
Tom and Mary tried to drown themselves.
Tom and Mary are ready to do that.
Tom and Mary took their sunglasses off.
Tom and Mary are psyched about it.
Tom and Mary took their dog to the vet.
Tom and Mary are pretty near done.
Tom and Mary took their dog for a walk.
Tom and Mary are pretty confident.
Tom and Mary took off their sunglasses.
Tom and Mary are playing football.
Tom and Mary told us they wouldn't cry.
Tom and Mary are part of the team.
Tom and Mary told me why they did that.
Tom and Mary are normal teenagers.
Tom and Mary told me they'd try to win.
Tom and Mary are making something.
Tom and Mary told me they'd look at it.
Tom and Mary are leaving tomorrow.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't win.
Tom and Mary are in Australia now.
Tom and Mary told me they wouldn't cry.
Tom and Mary are hiding from John.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't sure.
Tom and Mary are here to see John.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't sick.
Tom and Mary are here on vacation.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't busy.
Tom and Mary are here for the day.
Tom and Mary told me they were working.
Tom and Mary are helping John out.
Tom and Mary told me they were unlucky.
Tom and Mary are heading this way.
Tom and Mary told me they were unhappy.
Tom and Mary are happy to be here.
Tom and Mary told me they were thirsty.
Tom and Mary are grinning at John.
Tom and Mary told me they were starved.
Tom and Mary are going to help me.
Tom and Mary told me they were retired.
Tom and Mary are going to hear us.
Tom and Mary told me they were puzzled.
Tom and Mary are going to find us.
Tom and Mary told me they were pleased.
Tom and Mary are going to eat now.
Tom and Mary told me they were nervous.
Tom and Mary are going to be rich.
Tom and Mary told me they were jealous.
Tom and Mary are going to be late.
Tom and Mary told me they were healthy.
Tom and Mary are going to be here.
Tom and Mary told me they were furious.
Tom and Mary are going to a party.
Tom and Mary told me they were excited.
Tom and Mary are going for a walk.
Tom and Mary told me they were doctors.
Tom and Mary are getting stronger.
Tom and Mary told me they were curious.
Tom and Mary are faster than John.
Tom and Mary told me they were at home.
Tom and Mary are eager to see you.
Tom and Mary told me they were artists.
Tom and Mary are doing quite well.
Tom and Mary told me they were annoyed.
Tom and Mary are considering that.
Tom and Mary told me they were adopted.
Tom and Mary are completely wrong.
Tom and Mary told me they wanted to go.
Tom and Mary are coming to get us.
Tom and Mary told me they spoke French.
Tom and Mary are building a house.
Tom and Mary told me they needed money.
Tom and Mary are bound to get wet.
Tom and Mary told me they had to leave.
Tom and Mary are back on schedule.
Tom and Mary told me they had no money.
Tom and Mary are about to go home.
Tom and Mary told me they felt seasick.
This isn't what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't smoke.
That's what Tom and Mary remember.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't do it.
That's not what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't agree.
Perhaps Tom and Mary were correct.
Tom and Mary told me they could fix it.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Tom and Mary told me they ate too much.
Of course, Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary told me that they've done.
Obviously, Tom and Mary need help.
Tom and Mary told me that they're well.
No one knew who Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary told me that they're safe.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't hungry.
Tom and Mary told me that they're fine.
Maybe Tom and Mary think I'm dead.
Tom and Mary told me that they're cold.
Maybe Tom and Mary know something.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd cried.
Maybe Tom and Mary are just lucky.
Tom and Mary told me that they were OK.
Let's hope Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary told me about their plans.
Let's hope Tom and Mary are smart.
Tom and Mary told John they were tired.
Let's hope Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary told John they were sorry.
It looks like Tom and Mary are up.
Tom and Mary thought I'd let them down.
It looks like Tom and Mary are in.
Tom and Mary think they should do that.
It looks like Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary talked about their school.
If Tom and Mary swim, I will, too.
Tom and Mary talked about their father.
I'm sure Tom and Mary were sleepy.
Tom and Mary talked about their family.
I'm not going if Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary take their jobs seriously.
I'm just glad Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary swore they didn't do that.
I'm glad Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary swear they didn't do that.
I'm glad Tom and Mary aren't dead.
Tom and Mary still do that, don't they?
I'm glad Tom and Mary are at home.
Tom and Mary stayed home by themselves.
I'll leave when Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary slept with their shoes on.
I'll have Tom and Mary look at it.
Tom and Mary sleep with their socks on.
I'll do anything Tom and Mary say.
Tom and Mary showed me what they meant.
I wonder why Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary showed me their schedules.
I wonder why Tom and Mary are sad.
Tom and Mary shouted that they were OK.
I wonder if Tom and Mary like you.
Tom and Mary should cancel their party.
I won't make Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary seldom count their change.
I won't help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary seemed sure of themselves.
I wish Tom and Mary were here now.
Tom and Mary seemed OK when I saw them.
I was told Tom and Mary were dead.
Tom and Mary say they've learned a lot.
I told you Tom and Mary were fast.
Tom and Mary say they're pretty hungry.
I told you Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary say they're good at chess.
I thought Tom and Mary were wrong.
Tom and Mary say they're feeling tired.
I thought Tom and Mary were upset.
Tom and Mary say they'll wait for John.
I thought Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary say they'll never give up.
I thought Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary say they'll never do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary say they'll give it a try.
I thought Tom and Mary were ready.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that today.
I thought Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that later.
I thought Tom and Mary were jerks.
Tom and Mary say they'll do that again.
I thought Tom and Mary were great.
Tom and Mary say they'll come tomorrow.
I thought Tom and Mary were funny.
Tom and Mary say they'll be a bit late.
I thought Tom and Mary were first.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather go home.
I thought Tom and Mary were dying.
Tom and Mary say they wouldn't do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were drunk.
Tom and Mary say they want to meet you.
I thought Tom and Mary were broke.
Tom and Mary say they want to help you.
I thought Tom and Mary were bored.
Tom and Mary say they ought to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were awake.
Tom and Mary say they need another car.
I thought Tom and Mary were angry.
Tom and Mary say they have a lot to do.
I thought Tom and Mary were alone.
Tom and Mary say they enjoy doing that.
I think Tom and Mary were lied to.
Tom and Mary say they don't want to go.
I think Tom and Mary want to stay.
Tom and Mary say they don't feel tired.
I think Tom and Mary know already.
Tom and Mary say they can fix anything.
I think Tom and Mary do that well.
Tom and Mary say that they never dream.
I think Tom and Mary aren't right.
Tom and Mary said they're still afraid.
I think Tom and Mary are unafraid.
Tom and Mary said they're glad to help.
I think Tom and Mary are talented.
Tom and Mary said they're feeling fine.
I think Tom and Mary are students.
Tom and Mary said they'll visit Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are stubborn.
Tom and Mary said they'll do that soon.
I think Tom and Mary are still up.
Tom and Mary said they'd never seen it.
I think Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Tom and Mary said they'd never do that.
I think Tom and Mary are sensible.
Tom and Mary said they'd leave at 2:30.
I think Tom and Mary are relieved.
Tom and Mary said they'd fly to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary are reliable.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that later.
I think Tom and Mary are prepared.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that again.
I think Tom and Mary are pathetic.
Tom and Mary said they'd come tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are outgoing.
Tom and Mary said they'd be right over.
I think Tom and Mary are obedient.
Tom and Mary said they'd be right back.
I think Tom and Mary are mistaken.
Tom and Mary said they'd be ready soon.
I think Tom and Mary are loveable.
Tom and Mary said they won't go ashore.
I think Tom and Mary are likeable.
Tom and Mary said they weren't worried.
I think Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary said they weren't thirsty.
I think Tom and Mary are impolite.
Tom and Mary said they weren't nervous.
I think Tom and Mary are immature.
Tom and Mary said they weren't injured.
I think Tom and Mary are humorous.
Tom and Mary said they weren't in pain.
I think Tom and Mary are horrible.
Tom and Mary said they weren't at home.
I think Tom and Mary are gullible.
Tom and Mary said they were very upset.
I think Tom and Mary are geniuses.
Tom and Mary said they were very tired.
I think Tom and Mary are friendly.
Tom and Mary said they were very sorry.
I think Tom and Mary are finished.
Tom and Mary said they were very happy.
I think Tom and Mary are exciting.
Tom and Mary said they were interested.
I think Tom and Mary are creative.
Tom and Mary said they were in a hurry.
I think Tom and Mary are confused.
Tom and Mary said they were having fun.
I think Tom and Mary are cheerful.
Tom and Mary said they were happy here.
I think Tom and Mary are cheating.
Tom and Mary said they were frustrated.
I think Tom and Mary are charming.
Tom and Mary said they were doing fine.
I think Tom and Mary are careless.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to leave.
I think Tom and Mary are autistic.
Tom and Mary said they wanted a lawyer.
I think Tom and Mary are athletic.
Tom and Mary said they want to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are artistic.
Tom and Mary said they prefer red wine.
I think Tom and Mary are arrogant.
Tom and Mary said they plan to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are annoying.
Tom and Mary said they needed our help.
I think Tom and John are handsome.
Tom and Mary said they need to do that.
I sure hope that Tom and Mary win.
Tom and Mary said they may not do that.
I should let Tom and Mary help me.
Tom and Mary said they liked the party.
I should let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they liked the movie.
I saw more than Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary said they like to do that.
I often help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they like doing that.
I know why Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary said they knew who did it.
I know why Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary said they knew what to do.
I know that Tom and Mary are tall.
Tom and Mary said they knew how I felt.
I know that Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary said they have to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary said they hated this book.
I know that Tom and Mary are rich.
Tom and Mary said they found something.
I know that Tom and Mary are poor.
Tom and Mary said they don't want this.
I know that Tom and Mary are nice.
Tom and Mary said they don't feel well.
I know that Tom and Mary are lost.
Tom and Mary said they didn't know why.
I know that Tom and Mary are lazy.
Tom and Mary said they didn't feel hot.
I know that Tom and Mary are kind.
Tom and Mary said they didn't eat meat.
I know that Tom and Mary are home.
Tom and Mary said they did that for us.
I know that Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary said they cried every day.
I know that Tom and Mary are fine.
Tom and Mary said they cried all night.
I know that Tom and Mary are deaf.
Tom and Mary said they could swim well.
I know that Tom and Mary are dead.
Tom and Mary said they could handle it.
I know that Tom and Mary are cold.
Tom and Mary said their team would win.
I know that Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary said that they were wrong.
I know how angry Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said that they were upset.
I know Tom and Mary have to leave.
Tom and Mary said that they were tired.
I know Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom and Mary said that they were sorry.
I know Tom and Mary aren't stupid.
Tom and Mary said that they were ready.
I know Tom and Mary aren't idiots.
Tom and Mary said that they were lucky.
I know Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
Tom and Mary said that they were happy.
I know Tom and Mary aren't guilty.
Tom and Mary said that they were drunk.
I know Tom and Mary are in Boston.
Tom and Mary said that they were broke.
I know Tom and Mary are different.
Tom and Mary said that they were bored.
I know Tom and Mary appreciate it.
Tom and Mary said that they were angry.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't happy.
Tom and Mary said that they were alone.
I knew Tom and Mary were studying.
Tom and Mary said that they liked rain.
I knew Tom and Mary were bluffing.
Tom and Mary said that they don't care.
I just hope Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary said that they didn't cry.
I hope Tom and Mary show up today.
Tom and Mary said I can ride with them.
I hope Tom and Mary remember this.
Tom and Mary rode away on their horses.
I hope Tom and Mary get well soon.
Tom and Mary restarted their computers.
I hope Tom and Mary get home soon.
Tom and Mary reported their car stolen.
I hope Tom and Mary get here soon.
Tom and Mary regret that they did that.
I hope Tom and Mary get back soon.
Tom and Mary really enjoyed themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary don't show up.
Tom and Mary ran away when they saw me.
I hope Tom and Mary do that today.
Tom and Mary ran as fast as they could.
I hope Tom and Mary come tomorrow.
Tom and Mary quit their jobs yesterday.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't sleepy.
Tom and Mary quit their jobs last week.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't scared.
Tom and Mary put their jackets back on.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't lonely.
Tom and Mary put their helmets back on.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't crying.
Tom and Mary put sugar in their coffee.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't biased.
Tom and Mary promised to do their best.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't around.
Tom and Mary promised they'll be there.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't afraid.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd help.
I hope Tom and Mary are skeptical.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd come.
I hope Tom and Mary are organized.
Tom and Mary promised that they'd call.
I hope Tom and Mary are objective.
Tom and Mary painted their rooms white.
I hope Tom and Mary are impressed.
Tom and Mary never said they'd help us.
I hope Tom and Mary are impartial.
Tom and Mary never said they'd do that.
I hope Tom and Mary are concerned.
Tom and Mary need to clean their rooms.
I hope Tom and Mary appreciate it.
Tom and Mary must be in their thirties.
I helped Tom and Mary make dinner.
Tom and Mary mostly kept to themselves.
I heard that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary minded their own business.
I hear Tom and Mary are very busy.
Tom and Mary might have lost their way.
I had Tom and Mary do that for me.
Tom and Mary might be in their offices.
I don't think Tom and Mary are up.
Tom and Mary may leave if they want to.
I don't think Tom and Mary are in.
Tom and Mary may go wherever they want.
I don't know who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary may go home by themselves.
I don't know what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary may go anywhere they like.
I don't care what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary may do whatever they want.
I do hope Tom and Mary get better.
Tom and Mary may do whatever they like.
I didn't see Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary may do that by themselves.
I didn't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary lost their jobs on Monday.
I could help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary looked like they were mad.
I certainly hope Tom and Mary win.
Tom and Mary look like they're worried.
I can't make Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary look like they're through.
I bet Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary look like they're puzzled.
How often do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary look like they're nervous.
How many cars do Tom and Mary own?
Tom and Mary look like they're in pain.
How long were Tom and Mary asleep?
Tom and Mary look like they're healthy.
How do Tom and Mary know all this?
Tom and Mary look like they're furious.
How do Tom and Mary get to school?
Tom and Mary look like they're excited.
How do Tom and Mary feel about it?
Tom and Mary look like they're curious.
Haven't Tom and Mary returned yet?
Tom and Mary look like they're annoyed.
Have Tom and Mary always been fat?
Tom and Mary lived there by themselves.
Even Tom and Mary were doing that.
Tom and Mary live near you, don't they?
Don't Tom and Mary live in Boston?
Tom and Mary like their new jobs a lot.
Do you think Tom and Mary like me?
Tom and Mary let me use their computer.
Do you mean Tom and Mary are rich?
Tom and Mary left after they had lunch.
Do Tom and Mary understand French?
Tom and Mary know who killed their dog.
Do Tom and Mary think I'm unhappy?
Tom and Mary know what they need to do.
Do Tom and Mary still play tennis?
Tom and Mary know what they have to do.
Do Tom and Mary still like school?
Tom and Mary know they've been lied to.
Do Tom and Mary still like Boston?
Tom and Mary know they need to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still have fevers?
Tom and Mary know they have to do that.
Do Tom and Mary still have a boat?
Tom and Mary know that they were wrong.
Do Tom and Mary speak French well?
Tom and Mary know how much I love them.
Do Tom and Mary remember anything?
Tom and Mary knew what they were doing.
Do Tom and Mary really want to go?
Tom and Mary knew they were in trouble.
Do Tom and Mary really like opera?
Tom and Mary knew that they were dying.
Do Tom and Mary look angry to you?
Tom and Mary killed themselves in 2013.
Do Tom and Mary live far from you?
Tom and Mary keep things to themselves.
Do Tom and Mary like Chinese food?
Tom and Mary invited me to their party.
Do Tom and Mary know what you did?
Tom and Mary invited me to their house.
Do Tom and Mary know how to dance?
Tom and Mary intend to kill themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know I can't swim?
Tom and Mary hope that their team wins.
Do Tom and Mary intend to help us?
Tom and Mary help out any way they can.
Do Tom and Mary have dictionaries?
Tom and Mary held up their right hands.
Do Tom and Mary have appointments?
Tom and Mary have their own apartments.
Do Tom and Mary have any brothers?
Tom and Mary have scars on their faces.
Do Tom and Mary have a big family?
Tom and Mary have just lost their jobs.
Do Tom and Mary get many visitors?
Tom and Mary have everything they want.
Do Tom and Mary do that every day?
Tom and Mary have canceled their party.
Do Tom and Mary already have jobs?
Tom and Mary have a lot on their minds.
Did you help Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary hate eating by themselves.
Did Tom and Mary do that recently?
Tom and Mary had bruises on their arms.
Did Tom and Mary do anything else?
Tom and Mary had John do that for them.
Are Tom and Mary still on the job?
Tom and Mary grow their own vegetables.
Are Tom and Mary still interested?
Tom and Mary got their tongues pierced.
Are Tom and Mary still doing that?
Tom and Mary got shampoo in their eyes.
Are Tom and Mary still bartenders?
Tom and Mary got more than they needed.
Are Tom and Mary smarter than you?
Tom and Mary got fired from their jobs.
Are Tom and Mary really in Boston?
Tom and Mary gave their son a drum set.
Are Tom and Mary really Canadians?
Tom and Mary gave away all their money.
Are Tom and Mary ready to do that?
Tom and Mary found jobs that they like.
Are Tom and Mary looking for jobs?
Tom and Mary forgot their appointments.
Are Tom and Mary living in Boston?
Tom and Mary folded up their umbrellas.
Are Tom and Mary in trouble again?
Tom and Mary finished their sandwiches.
Are Tom and Mary going to do that?
Tom and Mary ended up going themselves.
Are Tom and Mary going to be here?
Tom and Mary don't know where they are.
Are Tom and Mary friends of yours?
Tom and Mary don't know what they want.
Are Tom and Mary any better today?
Tom and Mary do that whenever they can.
Are Tom and Mary always like this?
Tom and Mary do that a lot, don't they?
Are Tom and Mary always like that?
Tom and Mary do look tired, don't they?
Apparently, Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary do look tense, don't they?
All Tom and Mary do is play games.
Tom and Mary do anything I ask them to.
You know Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary didn't seem sad, did they?
Yesterday Tom and Mary were sick.
Tom and Mary didn't say they'd do that.
Will Tom and Mary do that for us?
Tom and Mary didn't obey their parents.
Why weren't Tom and Mary invited?
Tom and Mary didn't like what they saw.
Why were Tom and Mary frightened?
Tom and Mary didn't do that themselves.
Why were Tom and Mary doing that?
Tom and Mary didn't complain, did they?
Why don't Tom and Mary know that?
Tom and Mary didn't change their plans.
Why do Tom and Mary want to stay?
Tom and Mary didn't change their minds.
Why do Tom and Mary not like you?
Tom and Mary did that for their sister.
Why do Tom and Mary need to hide?
Tom and Mary did everything they could.
Why are Tom and Mary still awake?
Tom and Mary did all of their homework.
Why are Tom and Mary not smiling?
Tom and Mary deny that they left early.
Why are Tom and Mary ignoring me?
Tom and Mary denied that they did that.
Why are Tom and Mary here anyway?
Tom and Mary decided to sell their car.
Why are Tom and Mary embarrassed?
Tom and Mary cried themselves to sleep.
Why are Tom and Mary coming here?
Tom and Mary could've saved themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary being fired?
Tom and Mary could do it if they tried.
Why are Tom and Mary avoiding me?
Tom and Mary claimed they weren't paid.
Why are Tom and Mary always late?
Tom and Mary claim they don't remember.
Why are Tom and Mary always here?
Tom and Mary claim they didn't do that.
Who were Tom and Mary yelling at?
Tom and Mary can't tie their own shoes.
Who were Tom and Mary talking to?
Tom and Mary can move it by themselves.
Who knows where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary can leave if they want to.
Who do Tom and Mary want to hire?
Tom and Mary can go wherever they like.
Who do Tom and Mary do that with?
Tom and Mary can go whenever they like.
Who did Tom and Mary do that for?
Tom and Mary can do that by themselves.
Who cares what Tom and Mary wear?
Tom and Mary can do anything they want.
Who cares what Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary bought themselves cameras.
Who are Tom and Mary waiting for?
Tom and Mary asked me if I'd help them.
Who are Tom and Mary speaking to?
Tom and Mary asked how they could help.
Who are Tom and Mary looking for?
Tom and Mary aren't sure they're ready.
Where were Tom and Mary captured?
Tom and Mary are who they say they are.
Where were Tom and Mary arrested?
Tom and Mary are very shy, aren't they?
Where do Tom and Mary want to go?
Tom and Mary are teachers, aren't they?
Where do Tom and Mary have to go?
Tom and Mary are talking to themselves.
Where could Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary are talented, aren't they?
Where are Tom and Mary moving to?
Tom and Mary are sure they can do that.
When were Tom and Mary in Boston?
Tom and Mary are sure that they'll win.
When do Tom and Mary want to eat?
Tom and Mary are students, aren't they?
When do Tom and Mary plan to eat?
Tom and Mary are stubborn, aren't they?
What'll Tom and Mary do tomorrow?
Tom and Mary are so full of themselves.
What'll Tom and Mary do about it?
Tom and Mary are sleeping, aren't they?
What were Tom and Mary there for?
Tom and Mary are sleeping in their car.
What were Tom and Mary afraid of?
Tom and Mary are safe now, aren't they?
What time do Tom and Mary get up?
Tom and Mary are prepared, aren't they?
What should Tom and Mary do next?
Tom and Mary are losing their patience.
What else have Tom and Mary done?
Tom and Mary are looking for their son.
What do Tom and Mary want to eat?
Tom and Mary are looking for their dog.
What do Tom and Mary usually eat?
Tom and Mary are just doing their jobs.
What do Tom and Mary really want?
Tom and Mary are just being themselves.
What do Tom and Mary need to buy?
Tom and Mary are gullible, aren't they?
What did Tom and Mary do instead?
Tom and Mary are generous, aren't they?
What did Tom and Mary do for you?
Tom and Mary are finished, aren't they?
What did Tom and Mary do exactly?
Tom and Mary are doing all they can do.
What can Tom and Mary do to help?
Tom and Mary are decorating their room.
What are Tom and Mary working on?
Tom and Mary are crying in their rooms.
What are Tom and Mary staring at?
Tom and Mary are creative, aren't they?
What are Tom and Mary smiling at?
Tom and Mary are confused, aren't they?
What are Tom and Mary making now?
Tom and Mary are confident they'll win.
What are Tom and Mary looking at?
Tom and Mary are careless, aren't they?
What are Tom and Mary getting at?
Tom and Mary are busy now, aren't they?
What are Tom and Mary eating now?
Tom and Mary are asleep in their rooms.
Were Tom and Mary at the funeral?
Tom and Mary are annoying, aren't they?
Tom and Mary work at this clinic.
Tom and Mary always get what they want.
Tom and Mary weren't able to win.
Tom and Mary admitted they were scared.
Tom and Mary were very impressed.
Tom and Mary admitted they were guilty.
Tom and Mary were treated fairly.
Tom and Mary admitted they were afraid.
Tom and Mary were actually early.
That's all Tom and Mary said they'd do.
Tom and Mary want to go home now.
Tell Tom and Mary they need to do that.
Tom and Mary need an interpreter.
Tell Tom and Mary they have to do that.
Tom and Mary live near the river.
Tell Tom and Mary it's not their fault.
Tom and Mary have very easy jobs.
Let Tom and Mary go home by themselves.
Tom and Mary have traveled a lot.
Let Tom and Mary do whatever they want.
Tom and Mary have short hair now.
Let Tom and Mary do that by themselves.
Tom and Mary have found new jobs.
Let Tom and Mary do anything they want.
Tom and Mary don't work at night.
Let Tom and Mary decide for themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to watch.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are on their way.
Tom and Mary don't want to relax.
I told Tom and Mary to take their time.
Tom and Mary don't want to do it.
I told Tom and Mary that I'd help them.
Tom and Mary don't want to dance.
I told Tom and Mary I agreed with them.
Tom and Mary don't have a lawyer.
I think Tom and Mary killed themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't believe John.
I saw Tom and Mary leaving their house.
Tom and Mary can't see you today.
I saw Tom and Mary get into their cars.
Tom and Mary become missionaries.
I like Tom and Mary, but they're weird.
Tom and Mary aren't your parents.
I hope they throw Tom and Mary in jail.
Tom and Mary aren't turning back.
I helped Tom and Mary unload their van.
Tom and Mary aren't splitting up.
I helped Tom and Mary clean their room.
Tom and Mary aren't so confident.
I believe their names are Tom and Mary.
Tom and Mary aren't millionaires.
I asked Tom and Mary why they were sad.
Tom and Mary aren't at home much.
I asked Tom and Mary why they did that.
Tom and Mary are willing to wait.
I asked Tom and Mary where they'd gone.
Tom and Mary are willing to help.
I asked Tom and Mary where they'd been.
Tom and Mary are very, very busy.
I asked Tom and Mary if they'd go, too.
Tom and Mary are very particular.
I asked Tom and Mary if they were busy.
Tom and Mary are very judgmental.
I asked Tom and Mary for their address.
Tom and Mary are very intolerant.
How old did Tom and Mary say they were?
Tom and Mary are very happy here.
Have Tom and Mary found their keys yet?
Tom and Mary are tired of losing.
Don't let Tom and Mary hurt themselves.
Tom and Mary are taking too long.
Do Tom and Mary think they can do that?
Tom and Mary are still too young.
Do Tom and Mary put sugar in their tea?
Tom and Mary are still out there.
Do Tom and Mary look like they're busy?
Tom and Mary are still in school.
Do Tom and Mary know they were adopted?
Tom and Mary are still in danger.
Did Tom and Mary say why they did that?
Tom and Mary are still improving.
Did Tom and Mary say they were worried?
Tom and Mary are still confident.
Did Tom and Mary say how they did that?
Tom and Mary are staring at John.
Did Tom and Mary have what they needed?
Tom and Mary are speaking French.
Did Tom and Mary drive themselves home?
Tom and Mary are right behind us.
Did Tom and Mary do that by themselves?
Tom and Mary are ready to go now.
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll get here.
Tom and Mary are quite safe here.
Why did Tom and Mary do what they did?
Tom and Mary are quite confident.
When did Tom and Mary say they'd come?
Tom and Mary are picking flowers.
What did Tom and Mary say they wanted?
Tom and Mary are paid to do that.
What did Tom and Mary say they needed?
Tom and Mary are looking into it.
We gave Tom and Mary what they wanted.
Tom and Mary are learning French.
Tom and Mary worry about their weight.
Tom and Mary are kind of serious.
Tom and Mary work for their uncle now.
Tom and Mary are here to see you.
Tom and Mary won't do that, will they?
Tom and Mary are going to escape.
Tom and Mary won't do that themselves.
Tom and Mary are going to church.
Tom and Mary won't change their minds.
Tom and Mary are going out again.
Tom and Mary won't be late, will they?
Tom and Mary are going back home.
Tom and Mary will help us, won't they?
Tom and Mary are glad to be here.
Tom and Mary will do that, won't they?
Tom and Mary are filthy rich now.
Tom and Mary will do that if they can.
Tom and Mary are doing just that.
Tom and Mary will die if they do that.
Tom and Mary are doing OK so far.
Tom and Mary will be fine, won't they?
Tom and Mary are counting on you.
Tom and Mary weren't there, were they?
Tom and Mary are checking it now.
Tom and Mary weren't their real names.
Tom and Mary are better than you.
Tom and Mary weren't in their offices.
Tom and Mary are behind schedule.
Tom and Mary were there, weren't they?
Tom and Mary are based in Boston.
Tom and Mary were right, weren't they?
Tom and Mary are aware of it now.
Tom and Mary were cleaning their room.
Tom and Mary are always laughing.
Tom and Mary were angry at themselves.
Tom and Mary are already at home.
Tom and Mary went there by themselves.
Tom and Mary are almost home now.
Tom and Mary went into their bedrooms.
Tom and Mary are almost finished.
Tom and Mary went back to their seats.
Tom and Mary are able to do that.
Tom and Mary went back to their rooms.
Tom and Mary are a lot older now.
Tom and Mary went back to their hotel.
Tom and Mary are a lot like John.
Tom and Mary went back to their dorms.
This time Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary went back to their desks.
That's why Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary wanted to sell their car.
That's what Tom and Mary do best.
Tom and Mary wanted to dye their hair.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't wrong.
Tom and Mary unpacked their suitcases.
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't right.
Tom and Mary unlocked their suitcases.
Maybe Tom and Mary were studying.
Tom and Mary unbuttoned their jackets.
Maybe Tom and Mary were mistaken.
Tom and Mary tried to kill themselves.
Maybe Tom and Mary were involved.
Tom and Mary took out their passports.
Maybe Tom and Mary like swimming.
Tom and Mary took off their ski boots.
Maybe Tom and Mary don't like me.
Tom and Mary took off their raincoats.
Luckily, Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary took off their overcoats.
Let's see what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary took off their name tags.
Let's hope Tom and Mary are home.
Tom and Mary told us about their trip.
Let Tom and Mary do that for you.
Tom and Mary told me where they lived.
If Tom and Mary go, I'll go, too.
Tom and Mary told me what they wanted.
I'm sure Tom and Mary were happy.
Tom and Mary told me they'd walk home.
I'm sure Tom and Mary were awake.
Tom and Mary told me they'd try again.
I'm not going if Tom and Mary go.
Tom and Mary told me they'd stay home.
I'm afraid Tom and Mary are dead.
Tom and Mary told me they'd been sick.
I'd say Tom and Mary are jealous.
Tom and Mary told me they'd been busy.
I wondered how Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't mad.
I wonder if Tom and Mary like me.
Tom and Mary told me they were unhurt.
I won't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary told me they were thirty.
I thought Tom and Mary were slow.
Tom and Mary told me they were sleepy.
I thought Tom and Mary were sick.
Tom and Mary told me they were single.
I thought Tom and Mary were nice.
Tom and Mary told me they were scared.
I thought Tom and Mary were lost.
Tom and Mary told me they were lonely.
I thought Tom and Mary were last.
Tom and Mary told me they were hungry.
I thought Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary told me they were afraid.
I thought Tom and Mary were good.
Tom and Mary told me they walked home.
I thought Tom and Mary were dead.
Tom and Mary told me they may do that.
I think Tom and Mary were misled.
Tom and Mary told me they liked pizza.
I think Tom and Mary were joking.
Tom and Mary told me they felt hungry.
I think Tom and Mary know French.
Tom and Mary told me they felt better.
I think Tom and Mary have a plan.
Tom and Mary told me they could do it.
I think Tom and Mary hate my dog.
Tom and Mary told me about their trip.
I think Tom and Mary are worried.
Tom and Mary told John they'd do that.
I think Tom and Mary are willing.
Tom and Mary told John they were busy.
I think Tom and Mary are wealthy.
Tom and Mary think they could do that.
I think Tom and Mary are unlucky.
Tom and Mary taught themselves French.
I think Tom and Mary are unhappy.
Tom and Mary swore they were innocent.
I think Tom and Mary are thirsty.
Tom and Mary swear they won't do that.
I think Tom and Mary are strange.
Tom and Mary still live by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are starved.
Tom and Mary stayed with their father.
I think Tom and Mary are sincere.
Tom and Mary speak French, don't they?
I think Tom and Mary are serious.
Tom and Mary sold their car last week.
I think Tom and Mary are selfish.
Tom and Mary should pay what they owe.
I think Tom and Mary are patient.
Tom and Mary should help their mother.
I think Tom and Mary are outside.
Tom and Mary should clean their rooms.
I think Tom and Mary are nervous.
Tom and Mary should be in their rooms.
I think Tom and Mary are lovable.
Tom and Mary seem to know their stuff.
I think Tom and Mary are likable.
Tom and Mary say they've already paid.
I think Tom and Mary are jealous.
Tom and Mary say they're still hungry.
I think Tom and Mary are intense.
Tom and Mary say they're really sorry.
I think Tom and Mary are immoral.
Tom and Mary say they're disappointed.
I think Tom and Mary are helpful.
Tom and Mary say they'll do just that.
I think Tom and Mary are healthy.
Tom and Mary say they'd rather not go.
I think Tom and Mary are foolish.
Tom and Mary say they'd never do that.
I think Tom and Mary are excited.
Tom and Mary say they won't come back.
I think Tom and Mary are curious.
Tom and Mary say they want to help us.
I think Tom and Mary are cowards.
Tom and Mary say they want to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are correct.
Tom and Mary say they used to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are careful.
Tom and Mary say they still need help.
I think Tom and Mary are awesome.
Tom and Mary say they plan to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are annoyed.
Tom and Mary say they need to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are amusing.
Tom and Mary say they need time alone.
I think Tom and Mary are adopted.
Tom and Mary say they like to do that.
I suspect Tom and Mary know more.
Tom and Mary say they like doing that.
I suspect Tom and Mary are spies.
Tom and Mary say they have to do that.
I sure hope Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they have no regrets.
I only hope Tom and Mary like me.
Tom and Mary say they have experience.
I often see Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they can't stay long.
I never saw Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they can change that.
I know why Tom and Mary are late.
Tom and Mary say that they've met you.
I know why Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary say that they're healthy.
I know why Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary say that they'll do that.
I know what Tom and Mary do here.
I know that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say that they didn't cry.
I know that Tom and Mary are shy.
Tom and Mary say that they can't help.
I know that Tom and Mary are sad.
Tom and Mary said they're very hungry.
I know that Tom and Mary are out.
Tom and Mary said they're unconvinced.
I know that Tom and Mary are old.
Tom and Mary said they're ready to go.
I know that Tom and Mary are mad.
Tom and Mary said they'd wait and see.
I know that Tom and Mary are fat.
Tom and Mary said they'd visit Boston.
I know how busy Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they'd love to help.
I know Tom and Mary were unhappy.
Tom and Mary said they'd look into it.
I know Tom and Mary aren't alone.
Tom and Mary said they'd like to help.
I know Tom and Mary are sleeping.
Tom and Mary said they'd go to church.
I know Tom and Mary are innocent.
Tom and Mary said they'd go to Boston.
I know Tom and Mary are in there.
Tom and Mary said they'd do that, too.
I knew Tom and Mary weren't dead.
Tom and Mary said they'd call me back.
I knew Tom and Mary were no good.
Tom and Mary said they'd call at 2:30.
I hope that Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd be back soon.
I hope Tom and Mary win the race.
Tom and Mary said they'd also do that.
I hope Tom and Mary were kidding.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't do it.
I hope Tom and Mary stick around.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't dance.
I hope Tom and Mary like it here.
Tom and Mary said they weren't sleepy.
I hope Tom and Mary go to Boston.
Tom and Mary said they weren't hungry.
I hope Tom and Mary go home soon.
Tom and Mary said they weren't coming.
I hope Tom and Mary don't notice.
Tom and Mary said they were in Boston.
I hope Tom and Mary come as well.
Tom and Mary said they were exhausted.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't upset.
Tom and Mary said they were done, too.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't tired.
Tom and Mary said they were at school.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't right.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to talk.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't early.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to play.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't drunk.
Tom and Mary said they wanted to help.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't bored.
Tom and Mary said they wanted my help.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't awake.
Tom and Mary said they wanted answers.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't angry.
Tom and Mary said they should do that.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't alone.
Tom and Mary said they never did that.
I hope Tom and Mary are unbiased.
Tom and Mary said they needed a favor.
I hope Tom and Mary are unafraid.
Tom and Mary said they liked the idea.
I hope Tom and Mary are truthful.
Tom and Mary said they know the rules.
I hope Tom and Mary are sensible.
Tom and Mary said they knew the rules.
I hope Tom and Mary are punished.
Tom and Mary said they had to do that.
I hope Tom and Mary are punctual.
Tom and Mary said they had no regrets.
I hope Tom and Mary are prepared.
Tom and Mary said they don't eat pork.
I hope Tom and Mary are obedient.
Tom and Mary said they don't eat meat.
I hope Tom and Mary are mistaken.
Tom and Mary said they didn't do that.
I hope Tom and Mary are home now.
Tom and Mary said they did that wrong.
I hope Tom and Mary are generous.
Tom and Mary said they couldn't do it.
I hope Tom and Mary are doing OK.
Tom and Mary said that they'd help me.
I heard Tom and Mary were mugged.
Tom and Mary said that they'd do that.
I heard Tom and Mary were killed.
Tom and Mary said that they'd be late.
I can't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said that they were sick.
I believe Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary said that they were safe.
How much do Tom and Mary pay you?
Tom and Mary said that they were rich.
How much do Tom and Mary owe you?
Tom and Mary said that they were poor.
How long were Tom and Mary there?
Tom and Mary said that they were next.
How fast were Tom and Mary going?
Tom and Mary said that they were hurt.
How do Tom and Mary go to school?
Tom and Mary said that they were full.
Haven't Tom and Mary started yet?
Tom and Mary said that they were free.
Haven't Tom and Mary done enough?
Tom and Mary said that they were done.
Haven't Tom and Mary arrived yet?
Tom and Mary said that they were cold.
Have Tom and Mary studied French?
Tom and Mary said that they were busy.
Have Tom and Mary ever done that?
Tom and Mary said that they feel good.
Have Tom and Mary eaten anything?
Tom and Mary realized they were wrong.
Have Tom and Mary been to Boston?
Tom and Mary realized they were alone.
Have Tom and Mary been here long?
Tom and Mary raised their right hands.
Have Tom and Mary been fired yet?
Tom and Mary put their notebooks away.
Even Tom and Mary were surprised.
Tom and Mary put their gloves back on.
Even Tom and Mary were impressed.
Tom and Mary put milk in their coffee.
Do you think Tom and Mary are OK?
Tom and Mary put down their suitcases.
Do you know who Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary put away their notebooks.
Do Tom and Mary want this or not?
Tom and Mary pushed their plates away.
Do Tom and Mary think it's funny?
Tom and Mary promised they'll do that.
Do Tom and Mary suspect anything?
Tom and Mary promised they'd be there.
Do Tom and Mary still want a car?
Tom and Mary promised me they'd do it.
Do Tom and Mary still look upset?
Tom and Mary pretended they were sick.
Do Tom and Mary still look angry?
Tom and Mary plan to sell their house.
Do Tom and Mary still have a cat?
Tom and Mary passed their French test.
Do Tom and Mary still have a car?
Tom and Mary painted their room white.
Do Tom and Mary still always win?
Tom and Mary opened their lunch boxes.
Do Tom and Mary shower every day?
Tom and Mary often talk to themselves.
Do Tom and Mary really want this?
Tom and Mary often play by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary really need help?
Tom and Mary often change their minds.
Do Tom and Mary play tennis well?
Tom and Mary never swim by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary need a ride home?
Tom and Mary never raises their voice.
Do Tom and Mary like Indian food?
Tom and Mary never knew their parents.
Do Tom and Mary know you're here?
Tom and Mary never forgave themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know what you do?
Tom and Mary never doubted themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know any of this?
Tom and Mary need to wash their faces.
Do Tom and Mary have to be there?
Tom and Mary need to clean their room.
Do Tom and Mary believe in magic?
Tom and Mary named their puppy Cookie.
Did Tom and Mary do that for you?
Tom and Mary might change their minds.
At least Tom and Mary were funny.
Tom and Mary may do that on their own.
As usual, Tom and Mary were late.
Tom and Mary may do that if they want.
Are you sure Tom and Mary are OK?
Tom and Mary may do that if they like.
Are Tom and Mary your real names?
Tom and Mary make their own decisions.
Are Tom and Mary still mad at me?
Tom and Mary made fools of themselves.
Are Tom and Mary still in school?
Tom and Mary lost their jobs recently.
Are Tom and Mary still at school?
Tom and Mary lost everything they had.
Are Tom and Mary really teachers?
Tom and Mary looked under their seats.
Are Tom and Mary really sleeping?
Tom and Mary looked like they were OK.
Are Tom and Mary really doing OK?
Tom and Mary look like they're sleepy.
Are Tom and Mary learning French?
Tom and Mary look like they're scared.
Are Tom and Mary in the hospital?
Tom and Mary look like they're lonely.
Are Tom and Mary going somewhere?
Tom and Mary look like they're hungry.
Are Tom and Mary finished eating?
Tom and Mary look like they're asleep.
Are Tom and Mary able to do that?
Tom and Mary look like they're amused.
Are Tom and Mary French teachers?
Tom and Mary look like they're afraid.
You know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary look like they might cry.
You know what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary look like they always do.
You know Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary look as if they're angry.
Will Tom and Mary do that today?
Tom and Mary like to swim, don't they?
Why were Tom and Mary told that?
Tom and Mary lied to you, didn't they?
Why were Tom and Mary suspended?
Tom and Mary left their cars unlocked.
Why were Tom and Mary sent home?
Tom and Mary laugh at their own jokes.
Why were Tom and Mary in prison?
Tom and Mary know they should do that.
Why should Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary know they made a mistake.
Why don't Tom and Mary help you?
Tom and Mary know they have no choice.
Why do Tom and Mary never smile?
Tom and Mary know they have a problem.
Why do Tom and Mary like Boston?
Tom and Mary know that they can't win.
Why do Tom and Mary lie so much?
Tom and Mary know that I lied to them.
Why do Tom and Mary cry so much?
Tom and Mary knew what they had to do.
Why didn't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary knew they'd have to wait.
Why aren't Tom and Mary smiling?
Tom and Mary knew they were in danger.
Why aren't Tom and Mary leaving?
Tom and Mary knew they should do that.
Why aren't Tom and Mary in jail?
Tom and Mary knew they had to do that.
Why aren't Tom and Mary at home?
Tom and Mary knew that they'd be late.
Why are Tom and Mary suspicious?
Tom and Mary knew that they were safe.
Why are Tom and Mary still here?
Tom and Mary knew that they were lost.
Why are Tom and Mary not eating?
Tom and Mary just changed their minds.
Why are Tom and Mary mad at you?
Tom and Mary invited me to their home.
Why are Tom and Mary here today?
Tom and Mary hoped they could do that.
Why are Tom and Mary helping us?
Tom and Mary have their own apartment.
Why are Tom and Mary downstairs?
Tom and Mary have scars on their arms.
Why are Tom and Mary doing that?
Tom and Mary have poisoned themselves.
Tom and Mary have made up their minds.
Who were Tom and Mary afraid of?
Tom and Mary have lost their car keys.
Who knows Tom and Mary are here?
Tom and Mary have kept their promises.
Who helped Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary have done their homework.
Who cares what Tom and Mary say?
Tom and Mary have changed their minds.
Who are Tom and Mary talking to?
Tom and Mary has said they'll do that.
Who are Tom and Mary looking at?
Tom and Mary had to clean their rooms.
Where were Tom and Mary heading?
Tom and Mary had to cancel their trip.
Where on earth are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary had their pictures taken.
Where are Tom and Mary sleeping?
Tom and Mary had their cameras stolen.
When were Tom and Mary arrested?
Tom and Mary had packs on their backs.
When do Tom and Mary have to go?
Tom and Mary had dinner by themselves.
When could Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary had a lot on their minds.
What'll Tom and Mary do with it?
Tom and Mary got up from their chairs.
What will Tom and Mary do later?
Tom and Mary got their teeth whitened.
What should Tom and Mary do now?
Tom and Mary got their hearing tested.
What if Tom and Mary were right?
Tom and Mary got rid of their old car.
What have Tom and Mary given us?
Tom and Mary got married, didn't they?
What have Tom and Mary done now?
Tom and Mary got back into their cars.
What flight are Tom and Mary on?
Tom and Mary go to school, don't they?
What exactly do Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary glanced at their watches.
What else could Tom and Mary do?
What do Tom and Mary want to do?
Tom and Mary forgot to pay their rent.
What do Tom and Mary need to do?
Tom and Mary forgot to lock their car.
What do Tom and Mary do for fun?
Tom and Mary forgot their appointment.
What do Tom and Mary do all day?
Tom and Mary finally found their keys.
What did Tom and Mary look like?
Tom and Mary fastened their seatbelts.
What did Tom and Mary do to you?
Tom and Mary eat lunch at their desks.
What are Tom and Mary scared of?
Tom and Mary don't talk much, do they?
What are Tom and Mary doing now?
Tom and Mary don't obey their parents.
What are Tom and Mary afraid of?
Tom and Mary don't live here, do they?
Were Tom and Mary working alone?
Tom and Mary do what they can to help.
We'll help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary do want this, don't they?
We thought Tom and Mary were OK.
Tom and Mary do that when they're sad.
We knew Tom and Mary were tough.
Tom and Mary do like jazz, don't they?
We knew Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary didn't say why they went.
Wait till Tom and Mary get here.
Tom and Mary didn't say what they did.
Tom's and Mary's cars are dirty.
Tom and Mary didn't do their homework.
Tom and Mary work in a bank now.
Tom and Mary didn't do that, did they?
Tom and Mary were stung by bees.
Tom and Mary did it all by themselves.
Tom and Mary were staring at me.
Tom and Mary did do that, didn't they?
Tom and Mary were carrying bags.
Tom and Mary crawled under their beds.
Tom and Mary tried to help John.
Tom and Mary couldn't help themselves.
Tom and Mary need to find a job.
Tom and Mary could've hurt themselves.
Tom and Mary like horror movies.
Tom and Mary could change their minds.
Tom and Mary know John is angry.
Tom and Mary change their minds a lot.
Tom and Mary haven't complained.
Tom and Mary can't find their watches.
Tom and Mary don't want to work.
Tom and Mary can't find their tickets.
Tom and Mary don't want to walk.
Tom and Mary can't do that themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to talk.
Tom and Mary can stay if they want to.
Tom and Mary don't want to stay.
Tom and Mary can join us if they want.
Tom and Mary don't want to sing.
Tom and Mary can handle it themselves.
Tom and Mary don't want to quit.
Tom and Mary can do that on their own.
Tom and Mary don't want to play.
Tom and Mary can do that if they want.
Tom and Mary don't want to help.
Tom and Mary can do that if they like.
Tom and Mary don't study enough.
Tom and Mary believe they can do that.
Tom and Mary don't study French.
Tom and Mary begged me to let them in.
Tom and Mary don't have to wait.
Tom and Mary ate dinner by themselves.
Tom and Mary don't have lawyers.
Tom and Mary asked if they could help.
Tom and Mary don't care who won.
Tom and Mary aren't in their bedrooms.
Tom and Mary don't believe John.
Tom and Mary are winning, aren't they?
Tom and Mary aren't on the list.
Tom and Mary are wealthy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary aren't nice people.
Tom and Mary are unlucky, aren't they?
Tom and Mary aren't going there.
Tom and Mary are unhappy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary aren't complaining.
Tom and Mary are tuning their guitars.
Tom and Mary aren't competitive.
Tom and Mary are their names, I think.
Tom and Mary aren't at home now.
Tom and Mary are still in their teens.
Tom and Mary are washing dishes.
Tom and Mary are still in their rooms.
Tom and Mary are waiting for me.
Tom and Mary are serious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are very outspoken.
Tom and Mary are selfish, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are very impressed.
Tom and Mary are retired, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are very fortunate.
Tom and Mary are patient, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are very confident.
Tom and Mary are on their way to work.
Tom and Mary are on their lunch break.
Tom and Mary are the new owners.
Tom and Mary are older than they look.
Tom and Mary are still not sure.
Tom and Mary are nervous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are still not safe.
Tom and Mary are married, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are still in there.
Tom and Mary are living by themselves.
Tom and Mary are still in shock.
Tom and Mary are leaving, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are still confused.
Tom and Mary are jealous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are still checking.
Tom and Mary are helping their father.
Tom and Mary are staring at you.
Tom and Mary are healthy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are schoolteachers.
Tom and Mary are happy with their car.
Tom and Mary are scared of John.
Tom and Mary are good at what they do.
Tom and Mary are right on track.
Tom and Mary are doing what they love.
Tom and Mary are really pleased.
Tom and Mary are counting their money.
Tom and Mary are really excited.
Tom and Mary are cleaning their rooms.
Tom and Mary are ready, I think.
Tom and Mary are careful, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are ready to begin.
Tom and Mary are brushing their teeth.
Tom and Mary are ready for that.
Tom and Mary are behind in their rent.
Tom and Mary are ready for John.
Tom and Mary are back from their trip.
Tom and Mary are probably ready.
Tom and Mary are at work, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are pretty excited.
Tom and Mary are at home, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are piano teachers.
Tom and Mary always get their own way.
Tom and Mary are making a movie.
Tom and Mary admitted they were wrong.
Tom and Mary are likely to wait.
Tom and Mary admitted they left early.
Tom and Mary are likely to fail.
Tom and Mary admitted that they cried.
Tom and Mary are in trouble now.
Tom and Mary admit they often do that.
Tom and Mary are here in Boston.
Tell Tom and Mary you want them to go.
Tom and Mary are having fun now.
Tell Tom and Mary they should do that.
Tom and Mary are going downtown.
Tell Tom and Mary I've got their keys.
Tom and Mary are from Australia.
Let Tom and Mary watch what they want.
Tom and Mary are following John.
Let Tom and Mary drink what they want.
Tom and Mary are extremely busy.
If you ask Tom and Mary, they'll help.
Tom and Mary are drinking water.
If Tom and Mary go, I'll go with them.
Tom and Mary are done for today.
I told Tom and Mary they were cowards.
Tom and Mary are being laid off.
I told Tom and Mary I would help them.
Tom and Mary are being cautious.
I think Tom and Mary blame themselves.
Tom and Mary are baking cookies.
I thanked Tom and Mary for their time.
Tom and Mary are actually early.
I saw Tom and Mary hiding their money.
Tom and Mary are about to start.
I saw Tom and Mary get into their car.
This is where Tom and Mary work.
I promised Tom and Mary I'd help them.
That's not what Tom and Mary do.
I helped Tom and Mary with their work.
That's how Tom and Mary like it.
I helped Tom and Mary wash their cars.
Tell me where Tom and Mary live.
I asked Tom and Mary how they'd do it.
Perhaps Tom and Mary were wrong.
How did Tom and Mary break their legs?
Perhaps Tom and Mary were right.
Have Tom and Mary changed their minds?
Perhaps Tom and Mary are guilty.
Find Tom and Mary and bring them home.
Nobody but Tom and Mary do that.
Did Tom and Mary say what they wanted?
No one but Tom and Mary do that.
Did Tom and Mary do that on their own?
Maybe Tom and Mary weren't busy.
Did Tom and Mary break their promises?
Maybe Tom and Mary were unlucky.
Ask Tom and Mary when they'll do that.
Maybe Tom and Mary were nervous.
Ask Tom and Mary what their plans are.
Maybe Tom and Mary were injured.
Ask Tom and Mary if they need my help.
Make sure Tom and Mary get this.
Why did Tom and Mary quit their jobs?
Look how happy Tom and Mary are.
Why did Tom and Mary kill themselves?
Let's have Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary wished they were taller.
Let Tom and Mary do the washing.
Tom and Mary whistled as they worked.
Let Tom and Mary do the talking.
Tom and Mary weren't busy, were they?
Is this where Tom and Mary live?
Tom and Mary were sure of themselves.
If Tom and Mary go, I will, too.
Tom and Mary were riding their bikes.
I'm sure Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary were here, weren't they?
I'm sure Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary were good at their jobs.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary went into their bedroom.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are proud.
Tom and Mary went home by themselves.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are bored.
Tom and Mary went back to their room.
I'm glad Tom and Mary have gone.
Tom and Mary went back to their dorm.
I'll see if Tom and Mary are up.
Tom and Mary went back to their cars.
I'll have Tom and Mary help you.
Tom and Mary want to kill themselves.
I wonder what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary walked into their rooms.
I thought Tom and Mary were shy.
Tom and Mary vacuumed their bedrooms.
I thought Tom and Mary were mad.
Tom and Mary used to love their jobs.
I think Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary unplugged their guitars.
I think Tom and Mary were drunk.
Tom and Mary took off on their bikes.
I think Tom and Mary need to go.
Tom and Mary told us they could help.
I think Tom and Mary are unkind.
Tom and Mary told us about their day.
I think Tom and Mary are unfair.
Tom and Mary told me they'd call you.
I think Tom and Mary are trying.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be there.
I think Tom and Mary are thirty.
Tom and Mary told me they were wrong.
I think Tom and Mary are stupid.
Tom and Mary told me they were upset.
I think Tom and Mary are strong.
Tom and Mary told me they were tired.
I think Tom and Mary are stoned.
Tom and Mary told me they were sorry.
I think Tom and Mary are stingy.
Tom and Mary told me they were ready.
I think Tom and Mary are sleepy.
Tom and Mary told me they were poets.
I think Tom and Mary are scared.
Tom and Mary told me they were happy.
I think Tom and Mary are lonely.
Tom and Mary told me they were dying.
I think Tom and Mary are joking.
Tom and Mary told me they were drunk.
I think Tom and Mary are idiots.
Tom and Mary told me they were broke.
I think Tom and Mary are hungry.
Tom and Mary told me they were bored.
I think Tom and Mary are honest.
Tom and Mary told me they were angry.
I think Tom and Mary are guilty.
Tom and Mary told me they were alone.
I think Tom and Mary are clever.
Tom and Mary told me they understood.
I think Tom and Mary are bright.
Tom and Mary told me they liked snow.
I think Tom and Mary are boring.
Tom and Mary told me they liked rain.
I think Tom and Mary are biased.
Tom and Mary told me they left early.
I think Tom and Mary are asleep.
Tom and Mary told me they had a plan.
I think Tom and Mary are afraid.
Tom and Mary told me they felt tired.
I said Tom and Mary are friends.
Tom and Mary told me they enjoyed it.
I know why Tom and Mary are sad.
Tom and Mary told me they didn't cry.
I know that Tom and Mary are up.
Tom and Mary told me they called you.
I know that Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary told me that they'd won.
I know how old Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary told me about their dog.
I know Tom and Mary like reggae.
Tom and Mary told John they did that.
I know Tom and Mary have a pool.
Tom and Mary thought they were dying.
I know Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary thought they were alone.
I know Tom and Mary aren't busy.
Tom and Mary think they have the flu.
I know Tom and Mary are worried.
Tom and Mary think they can prove it.
I know Tom and Mary are missing.
Tom and Mary talked about themselves.
I know Tom and Mary are excited.
Tom and Mary talked about their trip.
I knew Tom and Mary were guilty.
Tom and Mary take care of themselves.
I knew Tom and Mary were coming.
Tom and Mary stood all by themselves.
I just hope Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary sold all their property.
I hope Tom and Mary remember us.
Tom and Mary smiled when they saw me.
I hope Tom and Mary never leave.
Tom and Mary slumped in their chairs.
I hope Tom and Mary leave early.
Tom and Mary sleep whenever they can.
I hope Tom and Mary feel better.
Tom and Mary should blame themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary don't snore.
Tom and Mary seldom use their phones.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't sick.
Tom and Mary seemed sad, didn't they?
I hope Tom and Mary aren't lost.
Tom and Mary say they're very hungry.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't late.
Tom and Mary say they're ready to go.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't here.
Tom and Mary say they'll wait for us.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't cold.
Tom and Mary say they won't ever win.
I hope Tom and Mary are sincere.
Tom and Mary say they want to change.
I hope Tom and Mary are careful.
Tom and Mary say they should do that.
I hope Tom and Mary are at home.
Tom and Mary say they saw everything.
I guess Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary say they never did that.
I guess Tom and Mary don't know.
Tom and Mary say they need more time.
I don't think Tom and Mary care.
Tom and Mary say they have no choice.
I consider Tom and Mary friends.
Tom and Mary say they had to do that.
I can't do what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary say they didn't do that.
I can help Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they can't eat nuts.
I asked where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary say they can pay for it.
How should Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary say that they're lonely.
How long were Tom and Mary sick?
Tom and Mary say that they're hungry.
How badly are Tom and Mary hurt?
Tom and Mary say that they won't cry.
How are Tom and Mary doing that?
Tom and Mary sat down at their desks.
Have Tom and Mary taught French?
Tom and Mary said they're very tired.
Have Tom and Mary said anything?
Tom and Mary said they're very happy.
Have Tom and Mary done that yet?
Tom and Mary said they're unemployed.
Have Tom and Mary been notified?
Tom and Mary said they're suspicious.
Have Tom and Mary been informed?
Tom and Mary said they're optimistic.
Have Tom and Mary been drinking?
Tom and Mary said they're interested.
Have Tom and Mary been arrested?
Tom and Mary said they're frustrated.
Have Tom and Mary already eaten?
Tom and Mary said they're frightened.
Find out where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary said they'll try to win.
Find out what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary said they'll leave soon.
Find out what Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary said they'd write to us.
Even Tom and Mary don't do that.
Tom and Mary said they'd wait for us.
Even Tom and Mary are listening.
Tom and Mary said they'd do it later.
Don't make Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they wouldn't wait.
Don't Tom and Mary teach French?
Tom and Mary said they would do that.
Don't Tom and Mary study French?
Tom and Mary said they won't do that.
Don't Tom and Mary speak French?
Tom and Mary said they weren't upset.
Don't Tom and Mary ever do that?
Tom and Mary said they weren't tired.
Do Tom and Mary want to go, too?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sorry.
Do Tom and Mary want to go home?
Tom and Mary said they weren't happy.
Do Tom and Mary want to eat now?
Tom and Mary said they weren't bored.
Do Tom and Mary want to do that?
Tom and Mary said they weren't angry.
Do Tom and Mary want to come in?
Tom and Mary said they were worn out.
Do Tom and Mary still work here?
Tom and Mary said they were starving.
Do Tom and Mary still want this?
Tom and Mary said they were retiring.
Do Tom and Mary still want cars?
Tom and Mary said they were mistaken.
Do Tom and Mary still play golf?
Tom and Mary said they were finished.
Do Tom and Mary still need help?
Tom and Mary said they were confused.
Do Tom and Mary still live here?
Tom and Mary said they were Canadian.
Do Tom and Mary still like jazz?
Tom and Mary said they might do that.
Do Tom and Mary still like cats?
Tom and Mary said they liked my idea.
Do Tom and Mary still help John?
Tom and Mary said they like the idea.
Do Tom and Mary still have keys?
Tom and Mary said they like swimming.
Do Tom and Mary still have jobs?
Tom and Mary said they felt offended.
Do Tom and Mary still cry a lot?
Tom and Mary said they felt helpless.
Do Tom and Mary play the guitar?
Tom and Mary said they didn't get it.
Do Tom and Mary plan to help us?
Tom and Mary said they did just that.
Do Tom and Mary often come here?
Tom and Mary said they couldn't wait.
Do Tom and Mary need to do that?
Tom and Mary said they could help us.
Do Tom and Mary need to do more?
Tom and Mary said they could do that.
Do Tom and Mary know where I am?
Tom and Mary said they can't do that.
Do Tom and Mary know we're here?
Tom and Mary said they can handle it.
Do Tom and Mary know about this?
Tom and Mary said they called police.
Do Tom and Mary have to do this?
Tom and Mary said they believed that.
Do Tom and Mary have to do more?
Tom and Mary said their bus was late.
Do Tom and Mary have to be here?
Tom and Mary said that they're sorry.
Do Tom and Mary have green eyes?
Tom and Mary said that they were sad.
Do Tom and Mary have experience?
Tom and Mary said that they were mad.
Can Tom and Mary do that for us?
Tom and Mary said that they did that.
Are Tom and Mary still teachers?
Tom and Mary said it was their fault.
Are Tom and Mary still swimming?
Tom and Mary rolled up their sleeves.
Are Tom and Mary still studying?
Tom and Mary returned to their rooms.
Are Tom and Mary still students?
Tom and Mary removed their disguises.
Are Tom and Mary still sleeping?
Tom and Mary regretted what they did.
Are Tom and Mary still plumbers?
Tom and Mary really know their stuff.
Are Tom and Mary really leaving?
Tom and Mary really enjoy their jobs.
Are Tom and Mary ready to leave?
Tom and Mary reached out their hands.
Are Tom and Mary ready for this?
Tom and Mary rarely use their phones.
Are Tom and Mary ready for that?
Tom and Mary ran back to their rooms.
Are Tom and Mary playing tennis?
Tom and Mary put their sunglasses on.
Are Tom and Mary in the kitchen?
Tom and Mary put their shoes back on.
Are Tom and Mary in any trouble?
Tom and Mary put their coats back on.
Are Tom and Mary going with you?
Tom and Mary put their boots back on.
Are Tom and Mary going to be OK?
Tom and Mary put on their sunglasses.
Are Tom and Mary getting better?
Tom and Mary put on their ice skates.
Are Tom and Mary coming with us?
Tom and Mary put on their headphones.
Are Tom and Mary being punished?
Tom and Mary punished their children.
Are Tom and Mary afraid of this?
Tom and Mary pulled out their phones.
Are Tom and Mary afraid of that?
Tom and Mary promised they'd tell us.
Are Tom and Mary afraid of dogs?
Tom and Mary promised they'd help us.
All Tom and Mary do is watch TV.
Tom and Mary promised they'd do that.
All Tom and Mary do is complain.
Tom and Mary promised me they'd help.
Will Tom and Mary do that, too?
Tom and Mary promised me they'd come.
Why would Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary probably dye their hair.
Why won't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary often sing in their car.
Why weren't Tom and Mary there?
Tom and Mary must do that themselves.
Why were Tom and Mary so upset?
Tom and Mary mixed themselves drinks.
Why were Tom and Mary punished?
Tom and Mary might be in their rooms.
Why were Tom and Mary laughing?
Tom and Mary may have lost their way.
Why were Tom and Mary in there?
Tom and Mary made themselves at home.
Why were Tom and Mary arrested?
Tom and Mary lost all of their money.
Why don't Tom and Mary like us?
Tom and Mary looked at their watches.
Why don't Tom and Mary like me?
Tom and Mary look sleepy, don't they?
Why don't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary look like they're upset.
Why do Tom and Mary want to go?
Tom and Mary look like they're tired.
Why do Tom and Mary think that?
Tom and Mary look like they're tense.
Why do Tom and Mary have to go?
Tom and Mary look like they're ready.
Why do Tom and Mary always win?
Tom and Mary look like they're happy.
Why can't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary look like they're drunk.
Why aren't Tom and Mary eating?
Tom and Mary look like they're bored.
Why aren't Tom and Mary asleep?
Tom and Mary look like they're awake.
Why aren't Tom and Mary afraid?
Tom and Mary look like they're angry.
Why are Tom and Mary so sleepy?
Tom and Mary look like they're alone.
Why are Tom and Mary so scared?
Tom and Mary live with their parents.
Why are Tom and Mary so hungry?
Tom and Mary like to take their time.
Why are Tom and Mary resigning?
Tom and Mary like their school a lot.
Why are Tom and Mary mad at me?
Tom and Mary like their coffee black.
Why are Tom and Mary like that?
Tom and Mary like Boston, don't they?
Why are Tom and Mary impressed?
Tom and Mary let me borrow their car.
Why are Tom and Mary exhausted?
Tom and Mary left their car unlocked.
Why are Tom and Mary even here?
Tom and Mary know what they're doing.
Why are Tom and Mary depressed?
Tom and Mary know they're in trouble.
Who cares what Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary know they have to do it.
Where were Tom and Mary killed?
Tom and Mary know they can do better.
Where were Tom and Mary hiding?
Tom and Mary know that they're right.
Where exactly are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary know that they're dying.
Where do Tom and Mary work now?
Tom and Mary knew they'd be punished.
Where do Tom and Mary live now?
Tom and Mary knew they had no choice.
Where did Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary knew they had a problem.
Where are Tom and Mary working?
Tom and Mary knew they couldn't stay.
Where are Tom and Mary waiting?
Tom and Mary insist they're innocent.
Where are Tom and Mary tonight?
Tom and Mary haven't paid their rent.
Where are Tom and Mary sitting?
Tom and Mary have their own problems.
Where are Tom and Mary playing?
Tom and Mary have their own bedrooms.
When will Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary have injured themselves.
When were Tom and Mary injured?
Tom and Mary have done what they can.
When are Tom and Mary due back?
Tom and Mary handed in their reports.
When are Tom and Mary arriving?
Tom and Mary had to go by themselves.
What will Tom and Mary do then?
Tom and Mary had to clean their room.
What were Tom and Mary wearing?
Tom and Mary had their picture taken.
What more do Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary had their fortunes told.
What more do Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary got up from their seats.
What made Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary got up from their desks.
What if Tom and Mary are wrong?
Tom and Mary got their watches fixed.
What if Tom and Mary are right?
Tom and Mary got their notebooks out.
What else do Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary got the job they wanted.
What else do Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary got back into their car.
What else do Tom and Mary have?
Tom and Mary gave me their addresses.
What do Tom and Mary need most?
Tom and Mary gave me all their money.
What did Tom and Mary do wrong?
Tom and Mary found themselves a seat.
What did Tom and Mary do today?
Tom and Mary finished their homework.
What are Tom and Mary studying?
Tom and Mary finished their desserts.
What are Tom and Mary drinking?
Tom and Mary entered their passwords.
What are Tom and Mary counting?
Tom and Mary don't think they'll win.
What are Tom and Mary carrying?
Tom and Mary don't say much, do they?
Were Tom and Mary wearing hats?
Tom and Mary don't eat pork, do they?
Were Tom and Mary on your team?
Tom and Mary don't eat meat, do they?
Were Tom and Mary at the party?
Tom and Mary do things their own way.
We know where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary didn't wash their hands.
Tom and Mary were watching CNN.
Tom and Mary didn't suffer, did they?
Tom and Mary were mean to John.
Tom and Mary didn't enjoy their jobs.
Tom and Mary were chasing John.
Tom and Mary didn't do it themselves.
Tom and Mary were a bit scared.
Tom and Mary didn't blame themselves.
Tom and Mary sing in the choir.
Tom and Mary did what they should do.
Tom and Mary play guitar a lot.
Tom and Mary did what they always do.
Tom and Mary need to be warned.
Tom and Mary did the work themselves.
Tom and Mary make minimum wage.
Tom and Mary did the best they could.
Tom and Mary have to work late.
Tom and Mary did that all themselves.
Tom and Mary have to be warned.
Tom and Mary did all that they could.
Tom and Mary got jobs teaching.
Tom and Mary deny that they did that.
Tom and Mary don't want to run.
Tom and Mary contradicted themselves.
Tom and Mary didn't blame John.
Tom and Mary claimed they left early.
Tom and Mary aren't used to it.
Tom and Mary claim they've done that.
Tom and Mary aren't my friends.
Tom and Mary claim that they're rich.
Tom and Mary aren't foreigners.
Tom and Mary chewed on their pencils.
Tom and Mary aren't economists.
Tom and Mary checked their calendars.
Tom and Mary aren't being sued.
Tom and Mary can't do that, can they?
Tom and Mary are wearing coats.
Tom and Mary can do that, can't they?
Tom and Mary are tired of this.
Tom and Mary can do that if they try.
Tom and Mary are teachers here.
Tom and Mary came with their parents.
Tom and Mary are still with me.
Tom and Mary came with their fathers.
Tom and Mary are still talking.
Tom and Mary came out of their rooms.
Tom and Mary are still nervous.
Tom and Mary came here by themselves.
Tom and Mary are still excited.
Tom and Mary buttoned up their coats.
Tom and Mary are scared of you.
Tom and Mary bought what they wanted.
Tom and Mary are really afraid.
Tom and Mary bought what they needed.
Tom and Mary are ready to help.
Tom and Mary bought themselves a dog.
Tom and Mary are proud of that.
Tom and Mary bandaged their own legs.
Tom and Mary are pretty scared.
Tom and Mary aren't themselves today.
Tom and Mary are inexperienced.
Tom and Mary aren't their real names.
Tom and Mary are here for John.
Tom and Mary aren't in their offices.
Tom and Mary are going to stay.
Tom and Mary are washing their hands.
Tom and Mary are getting tired.
Tom and Mary are strong, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are eating apples.
Tom and Mary are still in their room.
Tom and Mary are desperate now.
Tom and Mary are sneaky, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are baking a cake.
Tom and Mary are sleepy, aren't they?
This is what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary are skinny, aren't they?
That's where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary are scared, aren't they?
That's where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary are proud of themselves.
That's what Tom and Mary think.
Tom and Mary are proud of their work.
Tell us where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary are proud of their team.
Tell me where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary are proud of their sons.
Shouldn't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary are in their third year.
Perhaps Tom and Mary need help.
Tom and Mary are hungry, aren't they?
Perhaps Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary are honest, aren't they?
No wonder Tom and Mary hate us.
Tom and Mary are guilty, aren't they?
Maybe Tom and Mary are at home.
Tom and Mary are greedy, aren't they?
Let's see what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary are glad they have jobs.
Let's see Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are enjoying themselves.
Let's let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are doing what they can.
Let's hope Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary are asleep, aren't they?
Just how rich are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary are acting on their own.
Is this what Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary are OK now, aren't they?
Is that where Tom and Mary are?
Tom and Mary admit they've done that.
Is that what Tom and Mary want?
Tell Tom and Mary to take their time.
If Tom and Mary go, I won't go.
Tell Tom and Mary I'll see them soon.
I've seen Tom and Mary do that.
Tell Tom and Mary I want to see them.
I'm sure Tom and Mary are fine.
Maybe Tom and Mary killed themselves.
I'm offering Tom and Mary jobs.
Let Tom and Mary read what they want.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are safe.
Let Tom and Mary have what they want.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are home.
If Tom and Mary come, give them this.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are here.
I think Tom and Mary like their jobs.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are gone.
I helped Tom and Mary wash their car.
I'm glad Tom and Mary are back.
I helped Tom and Mary dye their hair.
I'll make Tom and Mary do that.
I asked Tom and Mary if they were OK.
I'll help Tom and Mary do that.
Did Tom and Mary say where they were?
I watched Tom and Mary do that.
Did Tom and Mary say how they did it?
I think Tom and Mary want more.
Ask Tom and Mary if they can do that.
I think Tom and Mary need help.
Are Tom and Mary behaving themselves?
I think Tom and Mary have left.
When did Tom and Mary buy their car?
I think Tom and Mary have gone.
What did Tom and Mary say they lost?
I think Tom and Mary hate John.
Tom and Mary will be OK, won't they?
I think Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary weren't in their rooms.
I think Tom and Mary are weird.
Tom and Mary were all by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are upset.
Tom and Mary went off by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary want to sell their car.
I think Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary want to dye their hair.
I think Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary unzipped their jackets.
I think Tom and Mary are liars.
Tom and Mary unclenched their fists.
I think Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary told us they'd do that.
I think Tom and Mary are funny.
Tom and Mary told me what they want.
I think Tom and Mary are broke.
Tom and Mary told me they'd help us.
I think Tom and Mary are brave.
Tom and Mary told me they'd help me.
I think Tom and Mary are bored.
Tom and Mary told me they'd do that.
I think Tom and Mary are awake.
Tom and Mary told me they'd call me.
I think Tom and Mary are angry.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be late.
I miss Tom's and Mary's smiles.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be here.
I know where Tom and Mary work.
Tom and Mary told me they'd be back.
I know where Tom and Mary live.
Tom and Mary told me they were well.
I know Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary told me they were sick.
I know Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary told me they were rich.
I know Tom and Mary were angry.
Tom and Mary told me they were poor.
I know Tom and Mary understand.
Tom and Mary told me they were fine.
I knew where Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary told me they were done.
I knew Tom and Mary were lying.
Tom and Mary told me they were cold.
I knew Tom and Mary were cruel.
Tom and Mary told me they were busy.
I hope Tom and Mary write soon.
Tom and Mary told me they should go.
I hope Tom and Mary understand.
Tom and Mary told me they had to go.
I hope Tom and Mary get better.
Tom and Mary told me they felt weak.
I hope Tom and Mary don't sing.
Tom and Mary told me they felt sick.
I hope Tom and Mary don't mind.
Tom and Mary told me they felt safe.
I hope Tom and Mary don't lose.
Tom and Mary told me they felt fine.
I hope Tom and Mary aren't mad.
Tom and Mary told me they felt cold.
I hope Tom and Mary are unhurt.
Tom and Mary told me they disagreed.
I hope Tom and Mary are coming.
Tom and Mary thought they'd be late.
I heard Tom and Mary were hurt.
Tom and Mary think they're geniuses.
I bet Tom and Mary were hungry.
Tom and Mary think they can do that.
How old were Tom and Mary then?
Tom and Mary swear they're innocent.
How important are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary strummed their guitars.
How do Tom and Mary make money?
Tom and Mary stayed where they were.
How different are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary slept in their offices.
How dangerous are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary slept in their clothes.
How could Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary say they're interested.
How are Tom and Mary doing now?
Tom and Mary say they're having fun.
How are Tom and Mary different?
Tom and Mary say they're feeling OK.
Have Tom and Mary left already?
Tom and Mary say they're doing that.
Have Tom and Mary forgiven you?
Tom and Mary say they're busy today.
Have Tom and Mary ever hit you?
Tom and Mary say they'll go with us.
Have Tom and Mary changed much?
Tom and Mary say they'll be careful.
Have Tom and Mary been invited?
Tom and Mary say they won't help us.
Have Tom and Mary been injured?
Tom and Mary say they won't do that.
Have Tom and Mary been helpful?
Tom and Mary say they were confused.
Have Tom and Mary already left?
Tom and Mary say they need it today.
Have Tom and Mary already come?
Tom and Mary say they met my father.
Even Tom and Mary were baffled.
Tom and Mary say they have no vices.
Even Tom and Mary are swimming.
Tom and Mary say they don't do that.
Don't let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary say they did just fine.
Do you think Tom and Mary know?
Tom and Mary say they can't do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary care?
Tom and Mary say they can afford it.
Do Tom and Mary work in Boston?
Tom and Mary say that they're tired.
Do Tom and Mary want to see me?
Tom and Mary say that they're happy.
Do Tom and Mary want to see it?
Tom and Mary say that they know you.
Do Tom and Mary want something?
Tom and Mary say that they did that.
Do Tom and Mary swim every day?
Tom and Mary sang while they worked.
Do Tom and Mary still work out?
Tom and Mary sang all by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still have one?
Tom and Mary said they're very busy.
Do Tom and Mary still enjoy it?
Tom and Mary said they're skeptical.
Do Tom and Mary still eat meat?
Tom and Mary said they're exhausted.
Do Tom and Mary really do that?
Tom and Mary said they're desperate.
Do Tom and Mary live near here?
Tom and Mary said they're depressed.
Do Tom and Mary live in Boston?
Tom and Mary said they're concerned.
Do Tom and Mary have ponytails?
Tom and Mary said they'd try to win.
Do Tom and Mary have long hair?
Tom and Mary said they'd look at it.
Do Tom and Mary have insurance?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sure.
Do Tom and Mary have gray hair?
Tom and Mary said they weren't sick.
Do Tom and Mary have blue eyes?
Tom and Mary said they weren't busy.
Do Tom and Mary have big noses?
Tom and Mary said they were wounded.
Do Tom and Mary have attorneys?
Tom and Mary said they were unhappy.
Do Tom and Mary believe in God?
Tom and Mary said they were thirsty.
Do Tom and Mary always do that?
Tom and Mary said they were nervous.
Did Tom and Mary do that today?
Tom and Mary said they were at home.
Did Tom and Mary do that alone?
Tom and Mary said they were artists.
Can Tom and Mary do that today?
Tom and Mary said they were adopted.
Are Tom and Mary working today?
Tom and Mary said they wanted to go.
Are Tom and Mary there already?
Tom and Mary said they tried to win.
Are Tom and Mary still working?
Tom and Mary said they needed money.
Are Tom and Mary still in town?
Tom and Mary said they had no vices.
Are Tom and Mary still in jail?
Tom and Mary said they had no money.
Are Tom and Mary still at work?
Tom and Mary said they felt seasick.
Are Tom and Mary still at home?
Tom and Mary said they didn't smoke.
Are Tom and Mary really asleep?
Tom and Mary said they didn't do it.
Are Tom and Mary in your class?
Tom and Mary said they did it wrong.
Are Tom and Mary in the garden?
Tom and Mary said they could fix it.
Are Tom and Mary in any danger?
Tom and Mary said they ate too much.
Are Tom and Mary going to swim?
Tom and Mary said that they'd do it.
Are Tom and Mary bothering you?
Tom and Mary said that they were OK.
Are Tom and Mary at your place?
Tom and Mary rubbed their sore feet.
You know how Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary returned to their room.
Why were Tom and Mary invited?
Tom and Mary regained their balance.
Why do Tom and Mary want this?
Tom and Mary refilled their glasses.
Why do Tom and Mary never win?
Tom and Mary really hurt themselves.
Why do Tom and Mary need that?
Tom and Mary reached for their hats.
Why do Tom and Mary know that?
Tom and Mary ran back to their cars.
Why aren't Tom and Mary happy?
Tom and Mary put up their umbrellas.
Why are Tom and Mary so upset?
Tom and Mary put their wigs back on.
Why are Tom and Mary so tired?
Tom and Mary put their hats back on.
Why are Tom and Mary so happy?
Tom and Mary put their caps back on.
Why are Tom and Mary so angry?
Tom and Mary put on their swimsuits.
Why are Tom and Mary sneezing?
Tom and Mary put on their snowshoes.
Why are Tom and Mary out here?
Tom and Mary put on their seatbelts.
Why are Tom and Mary not here?
Tom and Mary put on their raincoats.
Why are Tom and Mary fighting?
Tom and Mary put on their new shoes.
Who made Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary put honey in their tea.
Who do Tom and Mary sing with?
Tom and Mary put down their rackets.
Who cares if Tom and Mary win?
Tom and Mary put down their pencils.
Where were Tom and Mary going?
Tom and Mary played with their kids.
Where were Tom and Mary found?
Tom and Mary played with their cats.
Where do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary packed their things up.
Where are Tom and Mary hiding?
Tom and Mary opened their suitcases.
Where are Tom and Mary headed?
Tom and Mary opened their notebooks.
Where are Tom and Mary buried?
Tom and Mary opened their backpacks.
When were Tom and Mary killed?
Tom and Mary never lock their doors.
When do Tom and Mary get back?
Tom and Mary neglected their duties.
When did Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary named their dog Cookie.
What were Tom and Mary eating?
Tom and Mary must behave themselves.
What more can Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary may do that themselves.
What else did Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary look tired, don't they?
What else can Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary look like they're sick.
What did Tom and Mary do then?
Tom and Mary look like they're hurt.
What did Tom and Mary do next?
Tom and Mary look like they're done.
What did Tom and Mary do here?
Tom and Mary look like they're cold.
What are Tom and Mary wearing?
Tom and Mary look like they're busy.
What are Tom and Mary good at?
Tom and Mary look great, don't they?
What are Tom and Mary cooking?
Tom and Mary live all by themselves.
Weren't Tom and Mary with you?
Tom and Mary like music, don't they?
Were Tom and Mary still there?
Tom and Mary let me drive their car.
Were Tom and Mary afraid, too?
Tom and Mary lent me their computer.
We know Tom and Mary are poor.
Tom and Mary left their dog at home.
We know Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary left their beds unmade.
Tom and Mary weren't offended.
Tom and Mary know where they belong.
Tom and Mary sang three songs.
Tom and Mary knew they had to leave.
Tom and Mary interviewed John.
Tom and Mary kept their mouths shut.
Tom and Mary have colds again.
Tom and Mary kept their eyes closed.
Tom and Mary don't have bikes.
Tom and Mary keep their rooms clean.
Tom and Mary don't have a key.
Tom and Mary hope that they can win.
Tom and Mary don't feel tired.
Tom and Mary have proven themselves.
Tom and Mary cry all the time.
Tom and Mary have lost their voices.
Tom and Mary can do that here.
Tom and Mary have hanged themselves.
Tom and Mary aren't that poor.
Tom and Mary have done all they can.
Tom and Mary aren't safe here.
Tom and Mary have a car, don't they?
Tom and Mary aren't like that.
Tom and Mary handed in their papers.
Tom and Mary aren't in Boston.
Tom and Mary got what they deserved.
Tom and Mary aren't engineers.
Tom and Mary got what they came for.
Tom and Mary are working here.
Tom and Mary got soap in their eyes.
Tom and Mary are watching CNN.
Tom and Mary got back in their cars.
Tom and Mary are very worried.
Tom and Mary get anything they want.
Tom and Mary are very hopeful.
Tom and Mary found what they wanted.
Tom and Mary are used to that.
Tom and Mary finally got their wish.
Tom and Mary are through here.
Tom and Mary don't think they snore.
Tom and Mary are sure of that.
Tom and Mary don't do that, do they?
Tom and Mary are still active.
Tom and Mary don't do much, do they?
Tom and Mary are really obese.
Tom and Mary didn't wash their hair.
Tom and Mary are real excited.
Tom and Mary didn't pay their share.
Tom and Mary are proud of you.
Tom and Mary didn't open their eyes.
Tom and Mary are pretty tired.
Tom and Mary didn't laugh, did they?
Tom and Mary are pretty happy.
Tom and Mary didn't kill themselves.
Tom and Mary are partners now.
Tom and Mary didn't keep their word.
Tom and Mary are on the beach.
Tom and Mary did that their own way.
Tom and Mary are leaving soon.
Tom and Mary deserved what they got.
Tom and Mary are kind of late.
Tom and Mary closed their textbooks.
Tom and Mary are just leaving.
Tom and Mary claimed they saw a UFO.
Tom and Mary are invited, too.
Tom and Mary claim they're innocent.
Tom and Mary are in Australia.
Tom and Mary claim they can do that.
Tom and Mary are helping John.
Tom and Mary chuckled to themselves.
Tom and Mary are finally here.
Tom and Mary chased after their dog.
Tom and Mary are eating bread.
Tom and Mary can't touch their toes.
Tom and Mary are disappointed.
Tom and Mary can't find their shoes.
Tom and Mary are conservative.
Tom and Mary can support themselves.
Tom and Mary are bothering me.
Tom and Mary can say what they want.
Tom and Mary are being helped.
Tom and Mary can leave if they want.
Tom and Mary are always there.
Tom and Mary can go if they want to.
Tom and Mary are almost broke.
Tom and Mary came with their father.
Tom and Mary are afraid of us.
Tom and Mary came here on their own.
Tom and Mary are afraid of me.
Tom and Mary are young, aren't they?
Tom and Mary always help John.
Tom and Mary are wrong, aren't they?
Tom and John are very old men.
Tom and Mary are with their parents.
That's where Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary are with their friends.
That's what Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary are wasting their time.
That's what Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary are washing their cars.
Maybe Tom and Mary were wrong.
Tom and Mary are walking their dogs.
Maybe Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary are tough, aren't they?
Maybe Tom and Mary were lucky.
Tom and Mary are there, aren't they?
Maybe Tom and Mary are stupid.
Tom and Mary are smart, aren't they?
Maybe Tom and Mary are sleepy.
Tom and Mary are short, aren't they?
Maybe Tom and Mary are hungry.
Tom and Mary are right, aren't they?
Maybe Tom and Mary are guilty.
Tom and Mary are riding their bikes.
I'm glad Tom and Mary were OK.
Tom and Mary are ready, aren't they?
I'll let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are packing their bags.
I'll do what Tom and Mary say.
Tom and Mary are out of their minds.
I wish Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary are naive, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary like you.
Tom and Mary are lucky, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary know why.
Tom and Mary are in their rooms now.
I think Tom and Mary are well.
Tom and Mary are happy, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary are good at their jobs.
I think Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary are funny, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary are rich.
Tom and Mary are fanning themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are poor.
Tom and Mary are dying, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary are nice.
Tom and Mary are doing all they can.
I think Tom and Mary are lost.
Tom and Mary are crazy, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary are lazy.
Tom and Mary are bossy, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary are home.
Tom and Mary are angry, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary are alive, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary are gone.
Tom and Mary always keep their word.
I think Tom and Mary are free.
Tom and Mary admitted they did that.
I think Tom and Mary are fine.
Let Tom and Mary sing by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary are done.
Let Tom and Mary eat what they want.
I think Tom and Mary are busy.
Let Tom and Mary buy what they want.
I know where Tom and Mary are.
I think Tom and Mary dye their hair.
I know what Tom and Mary want.
I helped Tom and Mary to their feet.
I know what Tom and Mary know.
I asked Tom and Mary what they'd do.
I know that Tom and Mary know.
I asked Tom and Mary for their keys.
I know Tom and Mary were here.
Do Tom and Mary like their new jobs?
I know Tom and Mary were busy.
Did Tom and Mary say they'd do that?
I know Tom and Mary like jazz.
Did Tom and Mary say they'd be busy?
I know Tom and Mary are wrong.
Did Tom and Mary do that themselves?
I know Tom and Mary are tired.
Can Tom and Mary do that themselves?
I know Tom and Mary are smart.
Ask Tom and Mary if they'll do that.
I know Tom and Mary are right.
Are Tom and Mary out of their minds?
I know Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary zipped up their coats.
I know Tom and Mary are alive.
Tom and Mary work with their hands.
I knew Tom and Mary were here.
Tom and Mary work here, don't they?
I knew Tom and Mary were good.
Tom and Mary won't come, will they?
I knew Tom and Mary were dead.
Tom and Mary wished they had a dog.
I knew Tom and Mary were busy.
Tom and Mary wish they'd done that.
I hope that Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary wiped their foreheads.
I hope Tom and Mary don't die.
Tom and Mary weren't in their room.
I hope Tom and Mary come soon.
Tom and Mary went in by themselves.
I hope Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary weighed their options.
I hope Tom and Mary are there.
Tom and Mary want their money back.
I hope Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary want me on their team.
I hope Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary took what they wanted.
I hope Tom and Mary are early.
Tom and Mary told me what they saw.
I hope Tom and Mary are awake.
Tom and Mary told me they'd buy it.
I helped Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary told me they were sad.
I heard Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary told me they were mad.
I asked how Tom and Mary were.
Tom and Mary told me they liked it.
How will Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary told me they knew you.
How well off are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary told me they felt hot.
How well do Tom and Mary swim?
Tom and Mary told me they did that.
How often do Tom and Mary win?
Tom and Mary told me so themselves.
How much do Tom and Mary make?
Tom and Mary tidied up their rooms.
How many do Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary thought they had time.
How long do Tom and Mary have?
Tom and Mary think they're in love.
How have Tom and Mary changed?
Tom and Mary swam in their clothes.
How do Tom and Mary know that?
Tom and Mary stayed in their rooms.
How bad are Tom and Mary hurt?
Tom and Mary sprained their ankles.
Have Tom and Mary gone insane?
Tom and Mary snapped their fingers.
Have Tom and Mary done enough?
Tom and Mary shut their eyes again.
Have Tom and Mary come see me.
Tom and Mary showed me their rooms.
Have Tom and Mary calmed down?
Tom and Mary scratched their noses.
Have Tom and Mary been crying?
Tom and Mary scratched their heads.
Have Tom and Mary been around?
Tom and Mary say they've done that.
Have Tom and Mary arrived yet?
Tom and Mary say they're very rich.
Even Tom and Mary were crying.
Tom and Mary say they're exhausted.
Do Tom and Mary want anything?
Tom and Mary say they're depressed.
Do Tom and Mary teach history?
Tom and Mary say they weren't here.
Do Tom and Mary talk about us?
Tom and Mary say they want to swim.
Do Tom and Mary still need me?
Tom and Mary say they speak French.
Do Tom and Mary still have it?
Tom and Mary say they didn't do it.
Do Tom and Mary still do that?
Tom and Mary say that they're busy.
Do Tom and Mary seem helpless?
Tom and Mary say that they'll wait.
Do Tom and Mary run every day?
Tom and Mary say that they do that.
Do Tom and Mary need a doctor?
Tom and Mary sat all by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary look confused?
Tom and Mary said they're ticklish.
Do Tom and Mary live near you?
Tom and Mary said they're prepared.
Do Tom and Mary like tomatoes?
Tom and Mary said they're innocent.
Do Tom and Mary like swimming?
Tom and Mary said they're grateful.
Do Tom and Mary like it there?
Tom and Mary said they're confused.
Do Tom and Mary know you know?
Tom and Mary said they're Canadian.
Do Tom and Mary know who I am?
Tom and Mary said they'll be there.
Do Tom and Mary know anything?
Tom and Mary said they'd try again.
Do Tom and Mary know all this?
Tom and Mary said they weren't mad.
Do Tom and Mary know about it?
Tom and Mary said they were sleepy.
Do Tom and Mary have passport?
Tom and Mary said they were scared.
Do Tom and Mary have licenses?
Tom and Mary said they were hungry.
Do Tom and Mary have computer?
Tom and Mary said they were afraid.
Do Tom and Mary have big feet?
Tom and Mary said they walked home.
Do Tom and Mary have bicycles?
Tom and Mary said they saw nothing.
Do Tom and Mary have anything?
Tom and Mary said they may do that.
Do Tom and Mary have any sons?
Tom and Mary said they had to work.
Do Tom and Mary have any pets?
Tom and Mary said they freaked out.
Do Tom and Mary have a secret?
Tom and Mary said they felt strong.
Do Tom and Mary have a choice?
Tom and Mary said they felt hungry.
Do Tom and Mary have a chance?
Tom and Mary said they didn't swim.
Do Tom and Mary follow soccer?
Tom and Mary said they didn't mind.
Do Tom and Mary ever call you?
Tom and Mary said they could do it.
Do Tom and Mary do that a lot?
Tom and Mary said that they'd wait.
Did Tom and Mary do that well?
Tom and Mary said that they'd help.
Are Tom and Mary with you now?
Tom and Mary said that they'd come.
Are Tom and Mary still hungry?
Tom and Mary rewrote their reports.
Are Tom and Mary still eating?
Tom and Mary respect their parents.
Are Tom and Mary still crying?
Tom and Mary removed their helmets.
Are Tom and Mary still asleep?
Tom and Mary ran back to their car.
Are Tom and Mary still around?
Tom and Mary put their slippers on.
Are Tom and Mary still afraid?
Tom and Mary put their phones away.
Are Tom and Mary staying here?
Tom and Mary promised they'll wait.
Are Tom and Mary really happy?
Tom and Mary played with their dog.
Are Tom and Mary on this ship?
Tom and Mary picked up their books.
Are Tom and Mary here tonight?
Tom and Mary painted it themselves.
Are Tom and Mary going to die?
Tom and Mary own their own company.
Are Tom and Mary feeling well?
Tom and Mary opened their presents.
Are Tom and Mary eyewitnesses?
Tom and Mary never make their beds.
Are Tom and Mary electricians?
Tom and Mary never lock their door.
Are Tom and Mary doing better?
Tom and Mary need their medication.
Are Tom and Mary back already?
Tom and Mary may do what they want.
Are Tom and Mary absent today?
Tom and Mary lost their sunglasses.
Why were Tom and Mary crying?
Tom and Mary looked for their pens.
Why were Tom and Mary chosen?
Tom and Mary looked at their notes.
Why don't Tom and Mary leave?
Tom and Mary looked at their hands.
Why do Tom and Mary need you?
Tom and Mary look like they're sad.
Why do Tom and Mary hate you?
Tom and Mary look like they're mad.
Why do Tom and Mary eat pork?
Tom and Mary look busy, don't they?
Why did Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary like their jobs a lot.
Why are Tom and Mary worried?
Tom and Mary lied to their parents.
Why are Tom and Mary waiting?
Tom and Mary laughed at themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary unhappy?
Tom and Mary knew what they wanted.
Why are Tom and Mary so late?
Tom and Mary knew they needed help.
Why are Tom and Mary so busy?
Tom and Mary kept it to themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary smiling?
Tom and Mary keep their cars clean.
Why are Tom and Mary running?
Tom and Mary just do what they can.
Why are Tom and Mary outside?
Tom and Mary introduced themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary nervous?
Tom and Mary have their hands full.
Why are Tom and Mary leaving?
Tom and Mary have had their chance.
Why are Tom and Mary jealous?
Tom and Mary had to sell their car.
Why are Tom and Mary excited?
Tom and Mary had their piano tuned.
Who do Tom and Mary work for?
Tom and Mary got their eyes tested.
Who are Tom and Mary Jackson?
Tom and Mary got out of their cars.
Where were Tom and Mary then?
Tom and Mary got on their bicycles.
Where were Tom and Mary born?
Tom and Mary got back in their car.
Where have Tom and Mary gone?
Tom and Mary gave their dog a bath.
Where have Tom and Mary been?
Tom and Mary gave me their address.
When were Tom and Mary hired?
Tom and Mary forgot their sweaters.
When were Tom and Mary fired?
Tom and Mary finished their drinks.
When do Tom and Mary need it?
Tom and Mary finished their coffee.
When do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary fell off their ponies.
When are Tom and Mary coming?
Tom and Mary fell off their horses.
What'll Tom and Mary do next?
Tom and Mary fell off their chairs.
What have Tom and Mary found?
Tom and Mary emptied their pockets.
What else do Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary eat a lot, don't they?
What don't Tom and Mary know?
Tom and Mary dropped their pencils.
What do Tom and Mary suggest?
Tom and Mary don't like their jobs.
What do Tom and Mary have on?
Tom and Mary didn't wash their car.
What are Tom and Mary making?
Tom and Mary didn't come, did they?
What are Tom and Mary eating?
Tom and Mary did that, didn't they?
What are Tom and Mary buying?
Tom and Mary did that on their own.
What are Tom and Mary baking?
Tom and Mary did it all themselves.
Were Tom and Mary upset, too?
Tom and Mary did as they were told.
Tom and Mary were just lucky.
Tom and Mary did all they could do.
Tom and Mary often wear blue.
Tom and Mary could hurt themselves.
Tom and Mary often watch CNN.
Tom and Mary cleared their throats.
Tom and Mary make good money.
Tom and Mary claimed they did that.
Tom and Mary help each other.
Tom and Mary checked their watches.
Tom and Mary have complained.
Tom and Mary checked their pockets.
Tom and Mary don't live here.
Tom and Mary can't help themselves.
Tom and Mary don't have keys.
Tom and Mary can't find their hats.
Tom and Mary aren't students.
Tom and Mary can't find their bags.
Tom and Mary aren't safe yet.
Tom and Mary can do what they want.
Tom and Mary aren't quitters.
Tom and Mary can do what they like.
Tom and Mary aren't home now.
Tom and Mary can do it if they try.
Tom and Mary aren't bluffing.
Tom and Mary believe they're ready.
Tom and Mary are very skinny.
Tom and Mary aren't what they were.
Tom and Mary are very frugal.
Tom and Mary aren't in their rooms.
Tom and Mary are the experts.
Tom and Mary are with their mother.
Tom and Mary are really poor.
Tom and Mary are wise, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are really late.
Tom and Mary are where they belong.
Tom and Mary are really fast.
Tom and Mary are waving their arms.
Tom and Mary are quite sharp.
Tom and Mary are washing their car.
Tom and Mary are pretty sick.
Tom and Mary are walking their dog.
Tom and Mary are out of food.
Tom and Mary are ugly, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are on vacation.
Tom and Mary are trying their best.
Tom and Mary are normal kids.
Tom and Mary are thin, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are nice people.
Tom and Mary are tall, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are nearly home.
Tom and Mary are taking their time.
Tom and Mary are in no hurry.
Tom and Mary are safe, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are ignoring me.
Tom and Mary are rude, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are getting old.
Tom and Mary are rich, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are from Boston.
Tom and Mary are poor, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are fixing that.
Tom and Mary are on their way over.
Tom and Mary are filthy rich.
Tom and Mary are on their way here.
Tom and Mary are aware of it.
Tom and Mary are on their way back.
Tom and Mary are an activist.
Tom and Mary are nice, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are always here.
Tom and Mary are mean, aren't they?
That's all Tom and Mary want.
Tom and Mary are making their beds.
That's all Tom and Mary need.
Tom and Mary are loud, aren't they?
Maybe Tom and Mary were home.
Tom and Mary are lazy, aren't they?
Maybe Tom and Mary need help.
Tom and Mary are in their room now.
Maybe Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary are in their bedrooms.
Maybe Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary are here, aren't they?
Maybe Tom and Mary are lying.
Tom and Mary are fine on their own.
Let's hope Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary are fast, aren't they?
I'm sure Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary are cool, aren't they?
I'm glad Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary are busy, aren't they?
I think Tom and Mary need me.
Tom and Mary are all by themselves.
I think Tom and Mary like me.
Tom and Mary answered their phones.
I think Tom and Mary like it.
Tom and Mary always try their best.
I think Tom and Mary hate us.
Tom and Mary admitted they do that.
I think Tom and Mary hate me.
Tell Tom and Mary that I miss them.
I think Tom and Mary do that.
Tell Tom and Mary that I love them.
I think Tom and Mary are shy.
Did Tom and Mary say they did that?
I think Tom and Mary are out.
Ask Tom and Mary what they've done.
I think Tom and Mary are mad.
Ask Tom and Mary if they need help.
I sure hope Tom and Mary win.
Tom and Mary zipped up their bags.
I know how Tom and Mary feel.
Tom and Mary washed their clothes.
I know Tom and Mary like you.
Tom and Mary unzipped their coats.
I know Tom and Mary are rich.
Tom and Mary unleashed their dogs.
I know Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary twisted their ankles.
I knew Tom and Mary were shy.
Tom and Mary turned themselves in.
I hope Tom and Mary have fun.
Tom and Mary took off their packs.
I hope Tom and Mary are well.
Tom and Mary told me they'd leave.
I hope Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary told me they'd do it.
I hope Tom and Mary are home.
Tom and Mary told me they were OK.
I hope Tom and Mary are here.
Tom and Mary swore they'd do that.
I hope Tom and Mary are fair.
Tom and Mary stood on their heads.
I hope Tom and Mary are done.
Tom and Mary stayed in their room.
I hear Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary stared at their feet.
I bet Tom and Mary are happy.
Tom and Mary spilled their drinks.
I bet Tom and Mary are angry.
Tom and Mary spilled their coffee.
How old are Tom and Mary now?
Tom and Mary skinned their elbows.
How did Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary showed us their home.
How can Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary say they're innocent.
How are Tom and Mary feeling?
Tom and Mary say they're homesick.
Have Tom and Mary called yet?
Tom and Mary say they're Canadian.
Have Tom and Mary been there?
Tom and Mary say they were hungry.
Don't Tom and Mary live here?
Tom and Mary say they should wait.
Do Tom and Mary wear glasses?
Tom and Mary say they left a note.
Do Tom and Mary want to rest?
Tom and Mary say they have a plan.
Do Tom and Mary want to come?
Tom and Mary say they didn't swim.
Do Tom and Mary teach French?
Tom and Mary say they can't sleep.
Do Tom and Mary study French?
Tom and Mary say they can help us.
Do Tom and Mary speak French?
Tom and Mary say that they'll win.
Do Tom and Mary like to swim?
Tom and Mary said they're unlucky.
Do Tom and Mary know my name?
Tom and Mary said they're unhappy.
Do Tom and Mary have to help?
Tom and Mary said they're thirsty.
Do Tom and Mary have tattoos?
Tom and Mary said they're starved.
Do Tom and Mary go to school?
Tom and Mary said they're retired.
Do Tom and Mary go to church?
Tom and Mary said they're puzzled.
Do Tom and Mary go out often?
Tom and Mary said they're pleased.
Do Tom and Mary drink coffee?
Tom and Mary said they're nervous.
Do Tom and Mary believe that?
Tom and Mary said they're jealous.
Do Tom and Mary already know?
Tom and Mary said they're furious.
Did Tom and Mary do anything?
Tom and Mary said they're excited.
Are Tom and Mary vegetarians?
Tom and Mary said they're curious.
Are Tom and Mary there alone?
Tom and Mary said they'll help us.
Are Tom and Mary still happy?
Tom and Mary said they'll do that.
Are Tom and Mary still awake?
Tom and Mary said they'd call you.
Are Tom and Mary still angry?
Tom and Mary said they'd be there.
Are Tom and Mary still alive?
Tom and Mary said they were wrong.
Are Tom and Mary really sick?
Tom and Mary said they were upset.
Are Tom and Mary really busy?
Tom and Mary said they were sorry.
Are Tom and Mary really back?
Tom and Mary said they were ready.
Are Tom and Mary ready to go?
Tom and Mary said they were dying.
Are Tom and Mary from Boston?
Tom and Mary said they were drunk.
Are Tom and Mary coming here?
Tom and Mary said they were bored.
Are Tom and Mary coming back?
Tom and Mary said they were angry.
Are Tom and Mary at home now?
Tom and Mary said they want to go.
Are Tom and Mary able to eat?
Tom and Mary said they understood.
All Tom and Mary do is sleep.
Tom and Mary said they liked snow.
Why were Tom and Mary fired?
Tom and Mary said they liked rain.
Why don't Tom and Mary talk?
Tom and Mary said they like pizza.
Why don't Tom and Mary swim?
Tom and Mary said they have to go.
Why don't Tom and Mary sing?
Tom and Mary said they had a plan.
Why do Tom and Mary hate me?
Tom and Mary said they felt tired.
Why do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary said they felt happy.
Why are Tom and Mary so mad?
Tom and Mary said they feel tired.
Why are Tom and Mary sleepy?
Tom and Mary said they enjoyed it.
Why are Tom and Mary scared?
Tom and Mary said that they'd win.
Why are Tom and Mary hiding?
Tom and Mary said that they cried.
Why are Tom and Mary crying?
Tom and Mary said I made them cry.
Why are Tom and Mary afraid?
Tom and Mary rewrote their report.
Why are Tom and Mary absent?
Tom and Mary retraced their steps.
Where do Tom and Mary study?
Tom and Mary removed their gloves.
Where are Tom and Mary from?
Tom and Mary regret what they did.
When were Tom and Mary here?
Tom and Mary promised they'd sing.
When were Tom and Mary born?
Tom and Mary played their violins.
What'll Tom and Mary do now?
Tom and Mary paid all their bills.
What were Tom and Mary like?
Tom and Mary opened their lockers.
What should Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary opened their laptops.
What if Tom and Mary say no?
Tom and Mary never wash their car.
What have Tom and Mary done?
Tom and Mary meant what they said.
What do Tom and Mary expect?
Tom and Mary made that themselves.
What do Tom and Mary do now?
Tom and Mary lowered their voices.
What are Tom and Mary up to?
Tom and Mary lost their umbrellas.
What are Tom and Mary doing?
Tom and Mary lost their passports.
Were Tom and Mary very busy?
Tom and Mary lost all their money.
Were Tom and Mary surprised?
Tom and Mary looked to their left.
Were Tom and Mary in Boston?
Tom and Mary look like they're OK.
We hope Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary live with their aunt.
Tom and Mary went skydiving.
Tom and Mary licked their fingers.
Tom and Mary never watch TV.
Tom and Mary lent their car to me.
Tom and Mary drive minivans.
Tom and Mary knew they were wrong.
Tom and Mary asked for help.
Tom and Mary knew they were right.
Tom and Mary aren't wealthy.
Tom and Mary kept themselves busy.
Tom and Mary aren't like us.
Tom and Mary kept their eyes shut.
Tom and Mary aren't jealous.
Tom and Mary kept their eyes open.
Tom and Mary aren't invited.
Tom and Mary keep their car clean.
Tom and Mary aren't healthy.
Tom and Mary just lost their jobs.
Tom and Mary aren't farmers.
Tom and Mary jumped to their feet.
Tom and Mary aren't experts.
Tom and Mary hid under their beds.
Tom and Mary aren't doctors.
Tom and Mary hid behind their mom.
Tom and Mary aren't at home.
Tom and Mary hid behind their car.
Tom and Mary are way behind.
Tom and Mary are very young.
Tom and Mary have lost their keys.
Tom and Mary are used to it.
Tom and Mary have lost their jobs.
Tom and Mary are unemployed.
Tom and Mary have done their best.
Tom and Mary are tough kids.
Tom and Mary had to go themselves.
Tom and Mary are meticulous.
Tom and Mary got what they wanted.
Tom and Mary are making jam.
Tom and Mary got what they needed.
Tom and Mary are just lucky.
Tom and Mary got out of their car.
Tom and Mary are in the car.
Tom and Mary got off their horses.
Tom and Mary are helping me.
Tom and Mary fell off their bikes.
Tom and Mary are great kids.
Tom and Mary do what they're told.
Tom and Mary are good at it.
Tom and Mary do the best they can.
Tom and Mary are fine today.
Tom and Mary did it by themselves.
Tom and Mary are behind you.
Tom and Mary covered their mouths.
That's what Tom and Mary do.
Tom and Mary corrected themselves.
Should Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary closed their lockers.
Only Tom and Mary know that.
Tom and Mary clenched their teeth.
Maybe Tom and Mary like you.
Tom and Mary clenched their fists.
Maybe Tom and Mary are sick.
Tom and Mary claim they were busy.
Maybe Tom and Mary are busy.
Tom and Mary can't swim, can they?
Make sure Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary can swim, can't they?
Is that all Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary can read, can't they?
If Tom and Mary go, I won't.
Tom and Mary buttered their toast.
I think Tom and Mary are up.
Tom and Mary ate what they wanted.
I think Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary are their own bosses.
I offered Tom and Mary jobs.
Tom and Mary are shy, aren't they?
I made Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are sad, aren't they?
I know who Tom and Mary are.
Tom and Mary are on their way now.
I know Tom and Mary like me.
Tom and Mary are old, aren't they?
I hope Tom and Mary like me.
Tom and Mary are in their pajamas.
I hope Tom and Mary help me.
Tom and Mary are in their offices.
I hope Tom and Mary go home.
Tom and Mary are fat, aren't they?
I hope Tom and Mary do well.
Tom and Mary are doing their part.
I hear Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary are doing their best.
I believe Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary always do their best.
How do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary admitted their guilt.
Have Tom and Mary seen this?
Tell Tom and Mary I can hear them.
Have Tom and Mary gone, too?
I told Tom and Mary I'd help them.
Have Tom and Mary gone home?
Are Tom and Mary in their offices?
Have Tom and Mary eaten yet?
Tom and Mary wore themselves out.
Have Tom and Mary done that?
Tom and Mary won't go, will they?
Have Tom and Mary come back?
Tom and Mary went to their rooms.
Have Tom and Mary been hurt?
Tom and Mary vacuumed their cars.
Even Tom and Mary know that.
Tom and Mary unlocked their cars.
Don't Tom and Mary ever win?
Tom and Mary unleashed their dog.
Do Tom and Mary play tennis?
Tom and Mary tuned their guitars.
Do Tom and Mary like school?
Tom and Mary took off their wigs.
Do Tom and Mary like French?
Tom and Mary told me they'd wait.
Do Tom and Mary like Boston?
Tom and Mary told me they'd sing.
Do Tom and Mary leave early?
Tom and Mary told me they'd help.
Do Tom and Mary know French?
Tom and Mary told me they'd come.
Do Tom and Mary have alibis?
Tom and Mary think they're ready.
Do Tom and Mary have a boat?
Tom and Mary think they're funny.
Do Tom and Mary do anything?
Tom and Mary think they know why.
Do Tom and Mary attend mass?
Tom and Mary think they can sing.
Didn't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary themselves did that.
Can Tom and Mary do the job?
Tom and Mary sold all their land.
Are Tom and Mary there, too?
Tom and Mary sipped their drinks.
Are Tom and Mary still sick?
Tom and Mary sipped their coffee.
Are Tom and Mary still safe?
Tom and Mary shut their notebook.
Are Tom and Mary still here?
Tom and Mary set down their cups.
Are Tom and Mary scientists?
Tom and Mary scrubbed their feet.
Are Tom and Mary interested?
Tom and Mary say they're waiting.
Are Tom and Mary in trouble?
Tom and Mary say they're unhappy.
Are Tom and Mary good cooks?
Tom and Mary say they're thirsty.
Are Tom and Mary going, too?
Tom and Mary say they'll do that.
Are Tom and Mary going home?
Tom and Mary say they won't swim.
Are Tom and Mary badly hurt?
Tom and Mary say they won't stay.
Are Tom and Mary any better?
Tom and Mary say they won't sing.
Are Tom and Mary alcoholics?
Tom and Mary say they won't mind.
Are Tom and Mary afraid yet?
Tom and Mary say they won't come.
All Tom and Mary do is read.
Tom and Mary say they were fired.
Would Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary say they don't swim.
Why were Tom and Mary late?
Tom and Mary say they don't mind.
Why were Tom and Mary here?
Tom and Mary say they don't know.
Why are Tom and Mary upset?
Tom and Mary say they didn't win.
Why are Tom and Mary tired?
Tom and Mary say they didn't cry.
Why are Tom and Mary there?
Tom and Mary say they can't sing.
Why are Tom and Mary going?
Tom and Mary said they'd help us.
Why are Tom and Mary angry?
Tom and Mary said they'd help me.
Who were Tom and Mary with?
Tom and Mary said they'd do that.
Where do Tom and Mary work?
Tom and Mary said they'd call me.
Where do Tom and Mary sing?
Tom and Mary said they'd be here.
Where do Tom and Mary shop?
Tom and Mary said they'd be back.
Where are Tom and Mary now?
Tom and Mary said they won't cry.
What do Tom and Mary think?
Tom and Mary said they were sick.
What do Tom and Mary teach?
Tom and Mary said they were busy.
What did Tom and Mary make?
Tom and Mary said they should go.
What could Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary said they felt fine.
What are Tom and Mary like?
Tom and Mary said they felt cold.
Were Tom and Mary with you?
Tom and Mary said they feel sick.
Were Tom and Mary teachers?
Tom and Mary said they feel fine.
Were Tom and Mary sleeping?
Tom and Mary removed their socks.
Were Tom and Mary punished?
Tom and Mary removed their coats.
Were Tom and Mary involved?
Tom and Mary ran for their lives.
Were Tom and Mary in class?
Tom and Mary ran after their dog.
Tom and Mary's car's dirty.
Tom and Mary raised their voices.
Tom and Mary were cautious.
Tom and Mary put down their pens.
Tom and Mary need a change.
Tom and Mary poisoned themselves.
Tom and Mary don't like us.
Tom and Mary paid off their debt.
Tom and Mary blushed again.
Tom and Mary opened their mouths.
Tom and Mary aren't scared.
Tom and Mary missed their flight.
Tom and Mary aren't normal.
Tom and Mary missed their chance.
Tom and Mary aren't active.
Tom and Mary miss their daughter.
Tom and Mary are satisfied.
Tom and Mary lost their car keys.
Tom and Mary are my heroes.
Tom and Mary looked at their dog.
Tom and Mary are in school.
Tom and Mary liked what they saw.
Tom and Mary are confident.
Tom and Mary like their teachers.
Tom and Mary are behind us.
Tom and Mary like their new jobs.
Tom and Mary are at school.
Tom and Mary know what they like.
Tom and Mary are all right.
Tom and Mary know they need help.
I'll go if Tom and Mary go.
Tom and Mary kept their promises.
I saw Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary hung up their coats.
I let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary helped their father.
I hope Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary held up their hands.
I had Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary have what they need.
How young are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary have their own room.
How have Tom and Mary been?
Tom and Mary have hurt their leg.
How crazy are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary gritted their teeth.
How are Tom and Mary doing?
Tom and Mary got on their horses.
Have Tom and Mary tried it?
Tom and Mary got off their bikes.
Have Tom and Mary returned?
Tom and Mary gave me their cards.
Have Tom and Mary been fed?
Tom and Mary finished their beer.
Don't Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary enjoy their classes.
Do Tom and Mary wear boots?
Tom and Mary don't care, do they?
Do Tom and Mary want a car?
Tom and Mary do that, don't they?
Do Tom and Mary understand?
Tom and Mary did what they could.
Do Tom and Mary swim often?
Tom and Mary defended themselves.
Do Tom and Mary still sing?
Tom and Mary covered their faces.
Do Tom and Mary look angry?
Tom and Mary counted their money.
Do Tom and Mary have plans?
Tom and Mary closed their mouths.
Do Tom and Mary have a son?
Tom and Mary cleaned their rooms.
Do Tom and Mary have a cat?
Tom and Mary clapped their hands.
Do Tom and Mary have a car?
Tom and Mary claim they did that.
Do Tom and Mary ever smile?
Tom and Mary claim they can swim.
Do Tom and Mary eat grapes?
Tom and Mary checked their notes.
Do Tom and Mary believe me?
Tom and Mary changed their plans.
Do Tom and Mary always win?
Tom and Mary changed their minds.
Did Tom and Mary look busy?
Tom and Mary canceled their trip.
Could Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary buttoned their coat.
Are Tom and Mary there yet?
Tom and Mary brushed their teeth.
Are Tom and Mary still mad?
Tom and Mary broke their promise.
Are Tom and Mary satisfied?
Tom and Mary are OK, aren't they?
Are Tom and Mary really OK?
Tom and Mary altered their plans.
Are Tom and Mary ready yet?
I told Tom and Mary I loved them.
Are Tom and Mary out there?
I told Tom and Mary I hated them.
Are Tom and Mary mad at us?
Did Tom and Mary say they helped?
Are Tom and Mary here, too?
Did Tom and Mary kill themselves?
Are Tom and Mary awake yet?
Did Tom and Mary hurt themselves?
Are Tom and Mary at school?
Tom and Mary will do their best.
Are Tom and Mary alone now?
Tom and Mary went by themselves.
Are Tom and Mary all right?
Tom and Mary weighed themselves.
Are Tom and Mary Canadians?
Tom and Mary washed their hands.
All Tom and Mary do is eat.
Tom and Mary washed their faces.
Will Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary vacuumed their car.
Why are Tom and Mary late?
Tom and Mary told me they'd try.
Why are Tom and Mary home?
Tom and Mary told me they cried.
Why are Tom and Mary busy?
Tom and Mary tilted their heads.
What do Tom and Mary want?
Tom and Mary themselves said so.
What do Tom and Mary need?
Tom and Mary stubbed their toes.
What do Tom and Mary know?
Tom and Mary spit out their gum.
What do Tom and Mary have?
Tom and Mary signed their names.
Were Tom and Mary rescued?
Tom and Mary say they're sleepy.
Were Tom and Mary at home?
Tom and Mary say they're hungry.
Were Tom and Mary annoyed?
Tom and Mary say they won't win.
Tom and Mary go to church.
Tom and Mary say they won't cry.
Tom and Mary aren't ready.
Tom and Mary say they were busy.
Tom and Mary aren't lying.
Tom and Mary say they swim well.
Tom and Mary aren't angry.
Tom and Mary say they need help.
Tom and Mary are worn out.
Tom and Mary say they feel fine.
Tom and Mary are studying.
Tom and Mary say they cook well.
Tom and Mary are home now.
Tom and Mary say they can't win.
Tom and Mary are fine now.
Tom and Mary sat at their desks.
I think Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary said they'd buy it.
I hope Tom and Mary do OK.
Tom and Mary said they'd be out.
I hope Tom and Mary agree.
Tom and Mary said they were mad.
I found Tom and Mary jobs.
Tom and Mary said they told you.
How tall are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary said they liked it.
How sick are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary said they knew you.
How rich are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary said they felt hot.
How do Tom and Mary do it?
Tom and Mary said they did that.
How did Tom and Mary look?
Tom and Mary raised their hands.
Have Tom and Mary join us.
Tom and Mary put their hands up.
Have Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary put on their robes.
Have Tom and Mary call me.
Tom and Mary opened their books.
Have Tom and Mary arrived?
Tom and Mary nodded their heads.
Do Tom and Mary work here?
Tom and Mary need their privacy.
Do Tom and Mary want this?
Tom and Mary miss their parents.
Do Tom and Mary sing well?
Tom and Mary mean what they say.
Do Tom and Mary scare you?
Tom and Mary made it themselves.
Do Tom and Mary need help?
Tom and Mary lost their tickets.
Do Tom and Mary live here?
Tom and Mary lost their tempers.
Do Tom and Mary like jazz?
Tom and Mary lost their pencils.
Do Tom and Mary like cats?
Tom and Mary lost their balance.
Do Tom and Mary know this?
Tom and Mary live by themselves.
Do Tom and Mary know that?
Tom and Mary like their new car.
Do Tom and Mary have kids?
Tom and Mary let me sit by them.
Do Tom and Mary have jobs?
Tom and Mary kept to themselves.
Do Tom and Mary drink tea?
Tom and Mary kept their balance.
Do Tom and Mary cry a lot?
Tom and Mary keep to themselves.
Are Tom and Mary teachers?
Tom and Mary injured themselves.
Are Tom and Mary swimming?
Tom and Mary honked their horns.
Are Tom and Mary still up?
Tom and Mary held their breaths.
Are Tom and Mary sleeping?
Tom and Mary have their reasons.
Are Tom and Mary reliable?
Tom and Mary have their own car.
Are Tom and Mary prepared?
Tom and Mary grabbed their keys.
Are Tom and Mary positive?
Tom and Mary grabbed their coat.
Are Tom and Mary on diets?
Tom and Mary grabbed their bags.
Are Tom and Mary in there?
Tom and Mary gave me their keys.
Are Tom and Mary home yet?
Tom and Mary enjoyed their stay.
Are Tom and Mary here yet?
Tom and Mary drank their coffee.
Are Tom and Mary here now?
Tom and Mary do their jobs well.
Are Tom and Mary free now?
Tom and Mary did their job well.
Are Tom and Mary doing OK?
Tom and Mary did their homework.
Are Tom and Mary bluffing?
Tom and Mary did all they could.
Are Tom and Mary back yet?
Tom and Mary covered their eyes.
Why do Tom and Mary care?
Tom and Mary covered their ears.
Why are Tom and Mary shy?
Tom and Mary came by themselves.
Why are Tom and Mary mad?
Tom and Mary burned their hands.
Who're Tom and Mary with?
Tom and Mary behaved themselves.
What did Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary banged their heads.
What can Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary are in their seats.
Were Tom and Mary crying?
Tom and Mary are in their prime.
Were Tom and Mary caught?
Tom and Mary are at their desks.
Were Tom and Mary asleep?
Tom and Mary admit they do that.
Were Tom and Mary afraid?
Let Tom and Mary have their fun.
Tom and Mary look drowsy.
Do Tom and Mary like their jobs?
Tom and Mary don't snore.
Aren't their names Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary aren't rich.
Tom and Mary work on their own.
Tom and Mary aren't lost.
Tom and Mary washed their cars.
Tom and Mary aren't free.
Tom and Mary totaled their car.
Tom and Mary aren't done.
Tom and Mary stirred their tea.
Tom and Mary are thieves.
Tom and Mary sipped their wine.
Tom and Mary are serious.
Tom and Mary shook their heads.
Tom and Mary are running.
Tom and Mary say they're tired.
Tom and Mary are retired.
Tom and Mary say they're happy.
Tom and Mary are puzzled.
Tom and Mary say they're angry.
Tom and Mary are invited.
Tom and Mary say they know you.
Tom and Mary are excited.
Tom and Mary say they did that.
Tom and Mary are at home.
Tom and Mary sat by themselves.
Let Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary said they're well.
I hope Tom and Mary lose.
Tom and Mary said they're sick.
I hope Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary said they're safe.
I hope Tom and Mary come.
Tom and Mary said they're fine.
I gave Tom and Mary jobs.
Tom and Mary said they're done.
How are Tom and Mary now?
Tom and Mary said they're cold.
Have Tom and Mary called?
Tom and Mary said they're busy.
Do Tom and Mary work out?
Tom and Mary said they'll wait.
Do Tom and Mary like you?
Tom and Mary said they'll sing.
Do Tom and Mary like tea?
Tom and Mary said they'd leave.
Do Tom and Mary know yet?
Tom and Mary said they'd do it.
Do Tom and Mary know why?
Tom and Mary said they were OK.
Do Tom and Mary have one?
Tom and Mary rubbed their eyes.
Do Tom and Mary enjoy it?
Tom and Mary packed their bags.
Do Tom and Mary eat fish?
Tom and Mary opened their eyes.
Do Tom and Mary eat eggs?
Tom and Mary opened their bags.
Do Tom and Mary eat beef?
Tom and Mary missed their stop.
Did Tom and Mary make it?
Tom and Mary missed their kids.
Did Tom and Mary look OK?
Tom and Mary miss their family.
Did Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary love what they do.
Can Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary lost their voices.
Are Tom and Mary working?
Tom and Mary lost their phones.
Are Tom and Mary smiling?
Tom and Mary like what they do.
Are Tom and Mary serious?
Tom and Mary let themselves in.
Are Tom and Mary retired?
Tom and Mary lent me their car.
Are Tom and Mary on duty?
Tom and Mary know their rights.
Are Tom and Mary nervous?
Tom and Mary hanged themselves.
Are Tom and Mary members?
Tom and Mary got to their feet.
Are Tom and Mary leaving?
Tom and Mary do what they want.
Are Tom and Mary kidding?
Tom and Mary did it themselves.
Are Tom and Mary jealous?
Tom and Mary burned themselves.
Are Tom and Mary injured?
Tom and Mary bowed their heads.
Are Tom and Mary in pain?
Tom and Mary ate by themselves.
Are Tom and Mary doctors?
Tom and Mary are by themselves.
Are Tom and Mary at home?
Tom and Mary agree, don't they?
Are Tom and Mary artists?
Do Tom and Mary dye their hair?
Are Tom and Mary adopted?
Tom and Mary waved their arms.
What'll Tom and Mary do?
Tom and Mary washed their car.
Were Tom and Mary wrong?
Tom and Mary used their heads.
Were Tom and Mary there?
Tom and Mary tried their best.
Were Tom and Mary right?
Tom and Mary tied their shoes.
Were Tom and Mary happy?
Tom and Mary sold their house.
Were Tom and Mary funny?
Tom and Mary say they're fine.
Were Tom and Mary angry?
Tom and Mary say they're busy.
Were Tom and Mary alone?
Tom and Mary say they'll wait.
Tom and Mary are sleepy.
Tom and Mary say they'll swim.
Tom and Mary are hungry.
Tom and Mary say they'll sing.
Tom and Mary are eating.
Tom and Mary say they'll come.
I hope Tom and Mary win.
Tom and Mary say they love me.
Don't Tom and Mary swim?
Tom and Mary say they like it.
Do Tom and Mary need me?
Tom and Mary say they do that.
Do Tom and Mary have it?
Tom and Mary said they're shy.
Do Tom and Mary do that?
Tom and Mary said they're mad.
Are Tom and Mary stupid?
Tom and Mary said they'd wait.
Are Tom and Mary scared?
Tom and Mary said they'd help.
Are Tom and Mary lonely?
Tom and Mary said they'd come.
Are Tom and Mary joking?
Tom and Mary said they agreed.
Are Tom and Mary hungry?
Tom and Mary ran to their car.
Are Tom and Mary eating?
Tom and Mary parked their car.
Are Tom and Mary coming?
Tom and Mary paid their bills.
Are Tom and Mary asleep?
Tom and Mary need their sleep.
Are Tom and Mary afraid?
Tom and Mary loved their jobs.
Are Tom and Mary actors?
Tom and Mary lost their money.
Were Tom and Mary lost?
Tom and Mary locked their car.
Were Tom and Mary hurt?
Tom and Mary know their stuff.
Were Tom and Mary here?
Tom and Mary know I like them.
Were Tom and Mary busy?
Tom and Mary held their noses.
Tom and Mary are snobs.
Tom and Mary got in their car.
Tom and Mary are right.
Tom and Mary fired their guns.
Tom and Mary are lucky.
Tom and Mary fed their horses.
Tom and Mary are liars.
Tom and Mary dried their eyes.
Tom and Mary are brave.
Tom and Mary drank their wine.
Only Tom and Mary know.
Tom and Mary do what they can.
Have Tom and Mary left?
Tom and Mary ate their dinner.
Have Tom and Mary gone?
Tom and Mary are on their way.
Have Tom and Mary come?
Tom and Mary are on their own.
Are Tom and Mary young?
Tell Tom and Mary I miss them.
Are Tom and Mary there?
Are Tom and Mary on their way?
Are Tom and Mary right?
Tom and Mary took their time.
Are Tom and Mary ready?
Tom and Mary shut their eyes.
Are Tom and Mary lying?
Tom and Mary shot themselves.
Are Tom and Mary happy?
Tom and Mary set their alarm.
Are Tom and Mary drunk?
Tom and Mary said they'd win.
Are Tom and Mary crazy?
Tom and Mary said they'd try.
Are Tom and Mary close?
Tom and Mary pay their taxes.
Are Tom and Mary awake?
Tom and Mary need their rest.
Are Tom and Mary alone?
Tom and Mary loved their dog.
Are Tom and Mary well?
Tom and Mary love their work.
Are Tom and Mary sure?
Tom and Mary love their jobs.
Are Tom and Mary sick?
Tom and Mary lost their hats.
Are Tom and Mary safe?
Tom and Mary hurt themselves.
Are Tom and Mary next?
Tom and Mary hid their money.
Are Tom and Mary lost?
Tom and Mary hate their jobs.
Are Tom and Mary home?
Give Tom and Mary their keys.
Are Tom and Mary here?
Tom and Mary sold their car.
Are Tom and Mary done?
Tom and Mary say they're OK.
Are Tom and Mary busy?
Tom and Mary did their part.
Are Tom and Mary back?
Tom and Mary did their best.
Who are Tom and Mary?
Tom and Mary cut themselves.
Do Tom and Mary sing?
Tom and Mary ate their fill.
Are Tom and Mary fat?
Tom and Mary said they won.
Are Tom and Mary in?
Are they Tom and Mary?
Are Tom and Mary OK?
Pass him the mic!
Give him the microphone.
You two would make a nice couple.
"What?" "Nothing."
Tom forgot his password.
He gave me some good advice.
I'm not answering that question.
"Tom is likely to be late." "I think so, too."
"Tom will likely be late." "I think so, too."
You're not supposed to park here.
You aren't supposed to park here.
You should've told me that you can't swim.
You know that both Tom and John are in love with you, don't you?
You know that Tom and John are both in love with you, don't you?
Who's that person over there?
Who did Tom plan on going to Boston with?
When's Tom going on vacation?
When is Tom going on vacation?
When were you planning to tell Tom?
When did you say you'd be going to the library?
What's written on the wall?
What's Tom ever done for us?
What has Tom ever done for us?
What's everybody talking about?
What makes you think that Tom is planning to resign?
What do you plan on doing?
Were both Tom and Mary late for class?
Were Tom and Mary both late for class?
Were both Tom and Mary in class today?
Were Tom and Mary both in class today?
Were both Tom and Mary in Boston last week?
Were Tom and Mary both in Boston last week?
Were both Tom and Mary born in Boston?
Were Tom and Mary both born in Boston?
Were both Tom and Mary able to do that?
Were Tom and Mary both able to do that?
We're looking for someone who speaks French.
We're looking for somebody who speaks French.
We'll call you when your package arrives.
We want to hire someone who speaks French.
We want to hire somebody who speaks French.
We should've done it.
We need to find out if Tom is planning to help us.
We could've done it.
We can't tell anybody we did this.
Tom wondered why no one had told him about that.
Tom won't tell anybody, will he?
Tom won't let Mary go to the party.
Tom won't allow Mary to go to the party.
Tom won't be able to do that by himself, so we have to ask somebody to help him.
Tom woke up when he heard somebody knocking on the door.
Tom will never hurt anyone.
Tom will never hurt anybody.
Tom will need everyone's help.
Tom will need everybody's help.
Tom will likely tell Mary he's not busy.
Tom is likely to tell Mary he isn't busy.
Tom will likely tell Mary he isn't tired.
Tom is likely to tell Mary he's not tired.
Tom will likely tell Mary he isn't sleepy.
Tom is likely to tell Mary he's not sleepy.
Tom will likely tell Mary he isn't hungry.
Tom is likely to tell Mary he's not hungry.
Tom will likely not do that anymore.
Tom is likely to not do that anymore.
Tom is likely to never do that again.
Tom will keep doing that until someone tells him that he can't.
Tom is going to keep doing that until somebody tells him that he can't.
Tom will go there alone.
Tom is going to go there alone.
Tom was unable fix the latch.
Tom couldn't fix the latch.
Tom was treated unfairly.
Tom wasn't treated fairly.
Tom was the only person who survived the plane crash.
Tom was the only one who survived the plane crash.
Tom was lucky that there was someone there to help him.
Tom was lucky that there was somebody there to help him.
Tom was extremely concerned about that.
Tom wants to know what Mary does in her spare time.
Tom wants to know what Mary does in her free time.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did in her spare time.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did in her free time.
Tom wanted everyone to know that he was unhappy.
Tom used to have a saxophone, but someone stole it.
Tom used to have a saxophone, but somebody stole it.
Tom tried to convince everybody that he was innocent.
Tom told everyone at work that he was going to retire.
Tom told everyone about what he had done.
Tom told everybody about what he had done.
Tom told everyone about what he did.
Tom told everybody about what he did.
Tom thought he was smarter than anyone else.
Tom thinks he's smarter than everyone else, but he's not.
Tom thinks he's smarter than everybody else, but he's not.
Tom stayed longer than he'd planned.
Tom stayed longer than he'd planned to.
Tom stayed home because it was raining.
Tom started taking off his clothes.
Tom spent hours trying to fix the radio.
Tom spent hours trying to repair the radio.
Tom sent some flowers to Mary.
Tom sent Mary some books.
Tom sent some books to Mary.
Tom sent many letters to Mary.
Tom seems to know nothing about that.
Tom doesn't seem to know anything about that.
Tom seemed to know nothing about that.
Tom didn't seem to know anything about that.
Tom says he plans on staying in Boston.
Tom says he's glad you're here.
Tom says he's glad that you're here.
Tom says he plans on being in Boston next weekend.
Tom says he didn't see anything.
Tom says everybody he knows can take care of themselves.
Tom said that isn't what he wanted to do.
Tom said that isn't what he needed to do.
Tom said that Mary was glad she didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was glad that she didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was glad he didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was glad that he didn't do that.
Tom said that he'd never planned to live in Boston for so long.
Tom said that he'd never planned on living in Boston for so long.
Tom said that he'd buy flowers for Mary.
Tom said that he'd buy Mary flowers.
Tom said that he was planning to get there early.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that as soon as she could.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that as soon as she was able to.
Tom said he'd never planned to stay that long.
Tom said he'd never planned on staying that long.
Tom said he wasn't able to do everything he'd planned on doing.
Tom said he was going to have fish for dinner tonight.
Tom said he was going to eat fish for dinner tonight.
Tom said he didn't think Mary liked doing that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary liked to do that.
Tom said he didn't plan on leaving anytime soon.
Tom said he didn't plan to go with us.
Tom plans on staying with us when he comes to Boston.
Tom plans on doing that in the near future.
Tom plans to do that in the near future.
Tom paid for the taxi.
Tom paid for the cab.
Tom only sang three songs.
Tom sang only three songs.
Tom never mentioned he had a girlfriend.
Tom never mentioned that he had a girlfriend.
Tom never lets anybody do anything.
Tom needs to hire someone he can trust.
Tom needs to hire somebody he can trust.
Tom needs someone to help him with his homework.
Tom needs somebody to help him with his homework.
Tom needed somebody to help him with his homework.
Tom might not be here next week.
Tom may not be here next week.
Tom might know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom may know why Mary wants to do that.
Tom might get up early.
Tom may get up early.
Tom might forget to do that.
Tom might forget to call.
Tom may forget to call.
Tom might be watching television.
Tom might be watching TV.
Tom may not come to my party.
Tom might not come to my party.
Tom may not be at home tomorrow morning.
Tom might not be at home tomorrow morning.
Tom may need physical therapy.
Tom might need physical therapy.
Tom may get punished for doing that.
Tom might get punished for doing that.
Tom may feel like doing that today.
Tom might feel like doing that today.
Tom may be having a heart attack.
Tom might be having a heart attack.
Tom loved singing. However, nobody wanted to listen to him sing.
Tom lost both his parents when he was very young.
Tom lost both of his parents when he was very young.
Tom lost both his parents in the accident.
Tom lost both of his parents in the accident.
Tom lives by himself in Boston.
Tom likes to sit on the floor.
Tom likes sitting on the floor.
Tom likes to ride his bicycle.
Tom likes riding his bicycle.
Tom likes playing tennis, but Mary doesn't.
Tom likes to play tennis, but Mary doesn't.
Tom knows that he needs to do something, but he isn't sure what.
Tom isn't yet certain.
Tom isn't certain yet.
Tom isn't scared of anyone.
Tom isn't scared of anybody.
Tom isn't going to watch TV tonight.
Tom isn't going to watch TV television.
Tom isn't going to give up.
Tom isn't going to catch us.
Tom won't catch us.
Tom isn't going to be afraid.
Tom isn't going to be able to do that on his own.
Tom isn't going to be able to do that by himself.
Tom isn't going to be able to do that alone.
Tom isn't going that far.
Tom won't be going that far.
Tom isn't going home right away.
Tom won't be going home right away.
Tom isn't as fast as you.
Tom isn't as fast as you are.
Tom isn't a gang member any longer.
Tom isn't a gang member anymore.
Tom is the only one that knows what happened to Mary.
Tom is the only one who knows what happened to Mary.
Tom is the one who gave Mary that.
Tom is the one who gave that to Mary.
Tom is still planning to go.
Tom is still planning on going.
Tom is still planning to be there.
Tom is still planning on being there.
Tom is still planning on joining the team.
Tom is still planning to join the team.
Tom is still looking for someone to help him.
Tom is still looking for somebody to help him.
Tom is still just a child.
Tom is still awaiting an answer.
Tom is someone you can rely on.
Tom is somebody you can rely on.
Tom is scared it'll happen again.
Tom is afraid it'll happen again.
Tom is really proud of his children.
Tom is really proud of his kids.
Tom is probably still quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom is probably still quicker at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is probably still faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom is probably still faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is probably still better at doing that than Mary.
Tom is probably still better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom is planning to visit us this afternoon.
Tom is planning on visiting us this afternoon.
Tom is planning to leave at 2:30.
Tom is planning on leaving at 2:30.
Tom is planning to go to every bar on this street.
Tom is planning on going to every bar on this street.
Tom is planning to do just that.
Tom is planning on doing just that.
Tom is planning on taking pictures.
Tom is planning to take pictures.
Tom is planning on taking pictures tomorrow.
Tom is planning to take pictures tomorrow.
Tom is planning on staying until tomorrow.
Tom is planning to stay until tomorrow.
Tom is planning on staying in Boston for a few days.
Tom is planning to stay in Boston for a few days.
Tom is planning on staying for a few days.
Tom is planning to stay for a few days.
Tom is planning on joining the team.
Tom is planning to join the team.
Tom is planning on going.
Tom is planning to go.
Tom is planning on going tomorrow.
Tom is planning to go tomorrow.
Tom is planning on going tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom is planning to go tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom is planning on doing that tomorrow.
Tom is planning to do that tomorrow.
Tom is planning on doing that tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom is planning to do that tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom is on the same team as me.
Tom is on the same team as I am.
Tom is no longer on the team.
Tom is no longer in jail.
Tom is no longer able to do that.
Tom isn't a student here anymore.
Tom is no longer a gang member.
Tom is no different from anyone else.
Tom is no different from anybody else.
Tom is lucky no one saw him do that.
Tom is lucky Mary did that for him.
Tom is lucky that Tom did that for him.
Tom is looking for someone to teach French to his kids.
Tom is looking for someone to teach French to his children.
Tom is looking for somebody to teach French to his kids.
Tom is living alone.
Tom is likely to walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom will likely walk to work tomorrow morning.
Tom is faster than anyone else.
Tom is faster than anybody else.
Tom is extremely optimistic.
Tom is extremely concerned.
Tom is extremely concerned about that.
Tom is doing nothing.
Tom is planning to be at your party.
Tom is planning on being at your party.
Tom is already planning to leave early.
Tom is already planning on leaving early.
Tom is already planning to do that.
Tom is already planning on doing that.
Tom is acting as though nothing's happened.
Tom is acting as if nothing's happened.
Tom is about the same height as you are.
Tom is about the same height as me.
Tom is about the same height as I am.
Tom is about the same height as Mary is.
Tom is a little older than I am.
Tom helped Mary take off her shoes.
Tom helped Mary take her shoes off.
Tom has visited many countries.
Tom has visited a lot of countries.
Tom has to sign this document.
Tom must sign this document.
Tom has something he'd like to say to everybody.
Tom has lost both parents.
Tom has lived alone for three years.
Tom has lived by himself for three years.
Tom has had many different jobs.
Tom has had a lot of different jobs.
Tom has broken both his arms.
Tom has broken both of his arms.
Tom has been told that he's not required to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary likes doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary likes to do that.
Tom doesn't remember doing what everyone says he did.
Tom doesn't really plan on staying up all night, does he?
Tom doesn't have a car and neither does Mary.
Tom doesn't have a car and Mary doesn't either.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone where he'd been.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone about what was going on.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone about what he'd done.
Tom didn't want to tell anybody about what he'd done.
Tom didn't want to tell anyone about what had happened.
Tom didn't tell anyone who he was.
Tom didn't tell anybody who he was.
Tom didn't tell anybody that he'd won the lottery.
Tom didn't know Mary was already planning to do that.
Tom didn't know Mary was already planning on doing that.
Tom didn't know a lot about Australia.
Tom didn't know much about Australia.
Tom couldn't understand everything Mary said.
Tom wasn't able to understand everything Mary said.
Tom bought flowers for Mary.
Tom bought a diamond ring for Mary.
Tom bought a box of chocolates for Mary.
Tom baked some cookies for me.
Tom baked me some cookies.
Tom baked some cookies for Mary.
Tom baked Mary some cookies.
Tom asked me not to tell anyone what had happened.
Tom asked me not to tell anybody what had happened.
Tom and some of his friends are planning on robbing a bank.
Tom and some of his friends are planning to rob a bank.
Tom and Mary told everyone at work that they were getting married.
Tom and Mary told everybody at work that they were getting married.
Tom and Mary should've both stayed awake.
Tom and Mary both should've stayed awake.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to take care of our kids.
Tom and Mary said they were willing to take care of our children.
Tom and Mary said that they weren't ready to get married.
Tom and Mary said they weren't ready to get married.
Tom and Mary said that they were already married.
Tom and Mary said they were already married.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told anyone they're getting married.
Tom and Mary haven't yet told anybody they're getting married.
Tom and Mary haven't told anyone they're getting married yet.
Tom and Mary haven't told anybody they're getting married yet.
Tom and Mary have both tried to do that.
Both Tom and Mary have tried doing that.
Tom and Mary got married when they were both thirty.
Tom and Mary got married when they were both thirty years old.
Tom and Mary got married when they were both 30 years old.
Tom and Mary should both have stayed awake.
Tom and Mary both said they thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Both Tom and Mary said they thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Tom and Mary both know that's unlikely to happen.
Both Tom and Mary know that isn't likely to happen.
Tom and Mary both know that's not true.
Both Tom and Mary know that isn't true.
Tom and Mary aren't planning on going together.
Tom and Mary aren't planning to go together.
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to get married yet.
Tom and Mary aren't yet old enough to get married.
Tom and Mary aren't going home right away.
Tom and Mary won't be going home right away.
Tom and Mary are together in the garden.
Tom and Mary are in the garden together.
Tom and Mary are still just friends, right?
Tom and Mary are still just friends, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are really proud of their children.
Tom and Mary are really proud of their kids.
Tom and Mary are planning on going together.
Tom and Mary are planning to go together.
Tom and Mary are no longer children.
Tom and Mary aren't children anymore.
Tom and Mary are lucky no one saw them do that.
Tom and Mary are lucky nobody saw them do that.
Tom and Mary are going to watch the game together.
Tom and Mary will watch the game together.
Tom and Mary are constantly trying to outdo each other.
Tom and Mary are always trying to outdo each other.
Tom and Mary are both planning to be there.
Tom and Mary are both planning on being there.
Tom and Mary are both planning to be at your party.
Tom and Mary are both planning on being at your party.
This time both Tom and Mary are right.
This time Tom and Mary are both right.
They should've hired someone more qualified.
There's no one living in the house next door.
There's nobody living in the house next door.
That's one of the ugliest dogs I've ever seen.
That'll cause problems.
That guy over there reminds me of someone I used to know.
That guy over there reminds me of somebody I used to know.
Suddenly everyone stopped talking.
Suddenly everybody stopped talking.
Everyone suddenly stopped talking.
Everybody suddenly stopped talking.
Sometimes Tom exaggerates.
Tom sometimes exaggerates.
Somebody's singing.
Somebody told me Tom has moved to Boston.
Someone is waiting for Tom on the porch.
Somebody is waiting for Tom on the porch.
No one would tell Tom what he was supposed to do.
Nobody would tell Tom what he was supposed to do.
Nobody will hire you.
No one will hire Tom.
Nobody will hire Tom.
No one told Tom what he should do.
No one lives in this house anymore.
Nobody lives in this house anymore.
No one laughs at Tom's jokes.
No one knows where Tom has gone.
Nobody knew what Tom was planning to do.
No one is better at this than Tom.
Nobody is better at this than Tom.
Nobody is better at this than me.
No one I know likes Tom.
Nobody I know likes Tom.
Nobody cares what Tom thinks.
Nobody cares what I think.
No one can help Tom.
Nobody can help Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary have done that yet.
Both Tom and Mary haven't yet done that.
Maybe Tom saw something he shouldn't have seen.
Maybe Tom didn't do what everybody says he did.
It's obvious Tom is waiting for somebody.
It's obvious that Tom is waiting for someone.
It's obvious that Tom is waiting for somebody.
It's not going to be easy to find someone to rent this house.
It's not going to be easy to find somebody to rent this house.
It isn't going to be easy to find someone to rent this house.
It isn't going to be easy to find somebody to rent this house.
It's interesting to visit different places.
Visiting different places is interesting.
It's interesting to visit different countries.
Visiting different countries is interesting.
It's hard to believe that both Tom and Mary are still single.
It's hard to believe that Tom and Mary are both still single.
It's going to have to wait until tomorrow.
It's going to have to wait till tomorrow.
It's going to be very hard.
It's going to be very difficult.
It's going to be easy to find someone to rent this house.
It's going to be easy to find somebody to rent this house.
It'll have to be done sooner or later.
It's going to have to be done sooner or later.
It won't be easy to find someone to rent this house.
It won't be easy to find somebody to rent this house.
It must have been expensive.
It must've been expensive.
It looks like both Tom and Mary have lost a little weight.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both lost a little weight.
It looks like both Tom and Mary have lost a few pounds.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both lost a few pounds.
It looks like both Tom and Mary have gained a little weight.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both gained a little weight.
It looks like both Tom and Mary have been crying.
It looks like Tom and Mary have both been crying.
It looks as though Tom is waiting for someone.
It isn't snowing.
It's not snowing.
It isn't raining.
If anyone has any questions, I'll be glad to answer them.
If anybody has any questions, I'll be glad to answer them.
I've never kissed a girl before.
I've heard that both Tom and Mary have dropped out of school.
I've heard that Tom and Mary have both dropped out of school.
I've created a few websites.
I'm sure both Tom and Mary have plans to do that.
I'm sure Tom and Mary both have plans to do that.
I'm quite sure that Tom is planning to be at your party.
I'm pretty sure that both Tom and Mary have no intention of doing that.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary both have no intention of doing that.
I'm pretty sure that both Tom and Mary have been lying to me.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have both been lying to me.
I'm pretty sure that both Tom and Mary have already gone home.
I'm pretty sure that Tom and Mary have both already gone home.
I'm pretty sure both Tom and Mary have passed away.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I'm pretty sure both Tom and Mary have done that.
I'm pretty sure Tom and Mary have both done that.
I'm not much older than Tom.
I'm not much older than Tom is.
I'm not as influential as you think.
I'm not as influential as you think I am.
I'm not as fast as you are.
I'm fairly certain that both Tom and Mary have already done that.
I'm fairly certain that Tom and Mary have both already done that.
I'll need someone to help me do that.
I'll need somebody to help me do that.
I'd rather you didn't tell anyone what I just told you.
I'd rather you didn't tell anybody what I just told you.
I'd rather stay at home tonight.
I'd rather stay home tonight.
I would've drowned if you hadn't saved me.
I would've done it if you hadn't stopped me.
I would've died if you hadn't saved me.
I'd like to buy a drink.
I work every day from 9:00 to 5:00.
I work every day from nine to five.
I wonder whether or not we'll ever see Tom again.
I wonder whether or not we'll ever find out what really happened.
I wonder whether or not we'll ever find out what happened.
I wonder whether we'll ever find out what happened or not.
I wonder whether or not we have to do that.
I wonder whether we have to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not we have enough money to buy Tom the painting he wants.
I wonder whether or not we could talk Tom into donating some money.
I wonder whether or not we could do that.
I wonder whether we could do that or not.
I wonder whether or not we can get in.
I wonder whether we can get in or not.
I wonder whether or not we can do that.
I wonder whether we can do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom's parents will allow him to go with us.
I wonder whether Tom's parents will allow him to go with us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom's friends would help him.
I wonder whether Tom's friends would help him or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom's daughter is pretty.
I wonder whether Tom's daughter is pretty or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would teach me French.
I wonder whether Tom would teach me French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would really do something like that.
I wonder whether or not Tom would mind helping us tomorrow.
I wonder whether Tom would mind babysitting our children tomorrow night.
I wonder whether or not Tom would mind babysitting our kids tomorrow night.
I wonder whether or not Tom would mind babysitting our children tomorrow night.
I wonder whether or not Tom would like to play poker with us.
I wonder whether Tom would like to play poker with us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would let me leave early today.
I wonder whether or not Tom would help us.
I wonder whether Tom would help us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would help me with my homework.
I wonder whether or not Tom would ever do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom would do that.
I wonder whether Tom would do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would do that for me.
I wonder whether Tom would do that for me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom would be interested in investing in our project.
I wonder whether or not Tom would be able to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will win.
I wonder whether Tom will win or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will tell the truth.
I wonder whether Tom will tell the truth or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will tell me to do that.
I wonder whether Tom will tell me to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will talk to Mary.
I wonder whether Tom will talk to Mary or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will sign the contract.
I wonder whether Tom will sign the contract or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will show up tonight.
I wonder whether Tom will show up tonight or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will pass the test.
I wonder whether Tom will pass the test or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will need to do that.
I wonder whether Tom will need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will like doing that.
I wonder whether Tom will like doing that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will like Boston.
I wonder whether Tom will like Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will insist we do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will insist I do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will help us.
I wonder whether Tom will help us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will have to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will go to Mary's concert.
I wonder whether or not Tom will go to Boston.
I wonder whether Tom will go to Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will get here on time.
I wonder whether Tom will get here on time or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will ever come home.
I wonder whether or not Tom will ever be able to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will enjoy doing that.
I wonder whether Tom will enjoy doing that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will do that today.
I wonder whether Tom will do that today or not.
I wonder whether Tom will do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will come.
I wonder whether or not Tom will come tonight.
I wonder whether Tom will come tonight or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will come tomorrow.
I wonder whether Tom will come tomorrow or not.
I wonder whether Tom will come or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will call me.
I wonder whether Tom will call me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be there.
I wonder whether Tom will be there or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be OK.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be late.
I wonder whether Tom will be late or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be in Boston next year.
I wonder whether Tom will be in Boston next year or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be here tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be here today.
I wonder whether Tom will be here today or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be early.
I wonder whether Tom will be early or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be at Mary's party.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be at Mary's party tonight.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be all right.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be able to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be able to do that without any help.
I wonder whether Tom will be able to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will be able to do that by himself.
I wonder whether Tom will be able to do that by himself or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will ask me to do that.
I wonder whether Tom will ask me to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom will ask for my help.
I wonder whether Tom will ask for my help or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom went to Boston.
I wonder whether Tom went to Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was surprised.
I wonder whether Tom was surprised or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was lying.
I wonder whether Tom was lying or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was late.
I wonder whether Tom was late or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was here yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom was here yesterday or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was fired.
I wonder whether Tom was fired or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was embarrassed.
I wonder whether Tom was embarrassed or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was at school today.
I wonder whether or not Tom was at Mary's party.
I wonder whether or not Tom was arrested.
I wonder whether or not Tom was able to do that.
I wonder whether Tom was able to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom was able to do that by himself.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to sing.
I wonder whether Tom wants to sing or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to go.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to go to Boston.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to go to Boston with us.
I wonder whether Tom wants to go to Boston with us or not.
I wonder whether Tom wants to go to Boston or not.
I wonder whether Tom wants to go or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to do that.
I wonder whether Tom wants to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to dance.
I wonder whether Tom wants to dance or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to buy that for Mary.
I wonder whether Tom wants to buy that for Mary or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to buy one of those.
I wonder whether Tom wants to buy one of those or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to buy a house.
I wonder whether Tom wants to buy a house or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants to buy a car.
I wonder whether Tom wants to buy a car or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants that.
I wonder whether Tom wants that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants that job.
I wonder whether Tom wants that job or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wants me to do that today.
I wonder whether Tom wants me to do that today or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted us to be here.
I wonder whether Tom wanted us to be here or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to sing.
I wonder whether Tom wanted to sing or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to do that.
I wonder whether Tom wanted to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom wanted to dance.
I wonder whether Tom wanted to dance or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom turned down that job.
I wonder whether Tom turned down that job or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary to do that.
I wonder whether Tom told Mary to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom told Mary she had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom told Mary not to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought you had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought we should do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought we needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought we had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought Mary needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought Mary had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought it was a good idea to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought it was a bad idea to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thought he had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks we need to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks we need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks we have to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks we have to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks Mary wants to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks Mary wants to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks Mary needs to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks Mary needs to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks Mary has to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks Mary has to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks I need to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks I need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom thinks I have to do that.
I wonder whether Tom thinks I have to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom still thinks Mary wants to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom still thinks Mary needs to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom still thinks Mary has to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom still remembers where we first met.
I wonder whether or not Tom still remembers me.
I wonder whether Tom still remembers me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom still remembers how to swim.
I wonder whether or not Tom still remembers how to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom still lives on Park Street.
I wonder whether or not Tom still lives in Boston.
I wonder whether or not Tom still likes Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom still drives the car his grandfather gave him.
I wonder whether or not Tom still does that.
I wonder whether or not Tom stayed in Boston last summer.
I wonder whether or not Tom should really be doing that.
I wonder whether or not Tom resigned.
I wonder whether or not Tom regrets what he did.
I wonder whether or not Tom really understood what I meant.
I wonder whether or not Tom really said that.
I wonder whether Tom really said that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom really needs to do that.
I wonder whether Tom really needs to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom really needs that.
I wonder whether Tom really needs that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom really needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom really needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom really meant what he said.
I wonder whether or not Tom really knows the combination to this safe.
I wonder whether or not Tom really intended to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom really had to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom really enjoys doing that.
I wonder whether or not Tom really did what Mary said he did.
I wonder whether or not Tom realizes how many hours a day I work.
I wonder whether or not Tom realizes how long it'll take to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom plays tennis.
I wonder whether or not Tom noticed the difference.
I wonder whether or not Tom needs to do that.
I wonder whether Tom needs to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom misses me.
I wonder whether Tom misses me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom might be able to help me.
I wonder whether or not Tom looks like his father.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes me.
I wonder whether Tom likes me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes Mary.
I wonder whether Tom likes Mary or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes Chinese food.
I wonder whether Tom likes Chinese food or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes Boston.
I wonder whether Tom likes Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom likes beer.
I wonder whether Tom likes beer or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom left early.
I wonder whether Tom left early or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows why Mary was absent from school yesterday.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows who left this package on my desk.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows where my umbrella is.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows where Mary's umbrella is.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows where Mary lives.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows where I can buy what I need.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows what's going to happen.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows what Mary did.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows the combination to this safe.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary wants to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary needs to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary has to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary can't speak French.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows that Mary can't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary's phone number.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary is doing that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary is coming with us.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows Mary did that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how to speak French.
I wonder whether Tom knows how to speak French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how to play the flute.
I wonder whether Tom knows how to play the flute or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knows how to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how poor Mary really is.
I wonder whether or not Tom knows how much this means to me.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew you had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew you had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew we should do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew we should do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew we needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew we needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew we had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew we had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew that Mary wanted to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew that Mary needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew that Mary had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew that Mary had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew that Mary couldn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew Mary needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew Mary needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew Mary had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew Mary had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew it was a bad idea to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew I needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew I needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew I had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew I had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew he should do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew he should do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew he needed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew he needed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom knew he had to do that.
I wonder whether Tom knew he had to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is worried.
I wonder whether Tom is worried or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is waiting for us.
I wonder whether Tom is waiting for us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is upset.
I wonder whether Tom is upset or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is up.
I wonder whether Tom is up or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is unmarried.
I wonder whether Tom is unmarried or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is trustworthy.
I wonder whether or not Tom is tired.
I wonder whether Tom is tired or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is ticklish.
I wonder whether Tom is ticklish or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is thirsty.
I wonder whether Tom is thirsty or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is telling the truth.
I wonder whether Tom is telling the truth or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sympathetic.
I wonder whether Tom is sympathetic or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is suspicious.
I wonder whether Tom is suspicious or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is supposed to do that.
I wonder whether Tom is supposed to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is studying French.
I wonder whether Tom is studying French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is strong enough to do that.
I wonder whether Tom is strong enough to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is still staring at me.
I wonder whether Tom is still staring at me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is still single.
I wonder whether or not Tom is still hungry.
I wonder whether or not Tom is still busy.
I wonder whether or not Tom is smarter than Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sleepy.
I wonder whether Tom is sleepy or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sleeping.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sick.
I wonder whether Tom is sick or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is serious.
I wonder whether Tom is serious or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is scared.
I wonder whether Tom is scared or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is satisfied.
I wonder whether Tom is satisfied or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is safe.
I wonder whether Tom is safe or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is sad.
I wonder whether or not Tom is right.
I wonder whether Tom is right or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is rich.
I wonder whether or not Tom is responsible for what happened.
I wonder whether or not Tom is relieved.
I wonder whether Tom is relieved or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is reliable.
I wonder whether Tom is reliable or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is really supposed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom is really sick.
I wonder whether Tom is really sick or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is really happy.
I wonder whether Tom is really happy or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is really as rich as he says he is.
I wonder whether or not Tom is puzzled.
I wonder whether Tom is puzzled or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is prepared to do that.
I wonder whether Tom is prepared to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is prejudiced.
I wonder whether Tom is prejudiced or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is pleased.
I wonder whether Tom is pleased or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is planning to quit his job.
I wonder whether Tom is planning to quit his job or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is OK.
I wonder whether Tom is OK or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is nervous.
I wonder whether Tom is nervous or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is married.
I wonder whether Tom is married or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is mad.
I wonder whether or not Tom is lonely.
I wonder whether Tom is lonely or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is jealous.
I wonder whether Tom is jealous or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is interested.
I wonder whether Tom is interested or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is in trouble.
I wonder whether Tom is in trouble or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is in Boston.
I wonder whether Tom is in Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is in a bad mood.
I wonder whether or not Tom is impressed.
I wonder whether Tom is impressed or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is hungry.
I wonder whether Tom is hungry or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is honest.
I wonder whether Tom is honest or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is homesick.
I wonder whether Tom is homesick or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is home.
I wonder whether or not Tom is here.
I wonder whether or not Tom is here today.
I wonder whether Tom is here today or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is having fun.
I wonder whether Tom is having fun or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is having as much fun as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is happy.
I wonder whether Tom is happy or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is happy here.
I wonder whether Tom is happy here or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is guilty.
I wonder whether Tom is guilty or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is going to do that today.
I wonder whether Tom is going to do that today or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is going to Boston next week.
I wonder whether Tom is going to Boston next week or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is going deaf.
I wonder whether Tom is going deaf or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is frightened.
I wonder whether Tom is frightened or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is free this afternoon.
I wonder whether Tom is free this afternoon or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is finished.
I wonder whether Tom is finished or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is feeling OK.
I wonder whether Tom is feeling OK or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is excited.
I wonder whether Tom is excited or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is drunk.
I wonder whether Tom is drunk or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is downstairs.
I wonder whether Tom is downstairs or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is done.
I wonder whether or not Tom is doing what he's supposed to be doing.
I wonder whether or not Tom is doing that now.
I wonder whether or not Tom is disappointed.
I wonder whether Tom is disappointed or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is dependable.
I wonder whether Tom is dependable or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is dangerous.
I wonder whether Tom is dangerous or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is curious.
I wonder whether Tom is curious or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is crazy.
I wonder whether Tom is crazy or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is confused.
I wonder whether Tom is confused or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is confident.
I wonder whether Tom is confident or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is colorblind.
I wonder whether Tom is colorblind or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is busy.
I wonder whether or not Tom is busy now.
I wonder whether or not Tom is broke.
I wonder whether Tom is broke or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is bored.
I wonder whether Tom is bored or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is bipolar.
I wonder whether Tom is bipolar or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is biased.
I wonder whether Tom is biased or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is being sarcastic.
I wonder whether Tom is being sarcastic or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is awake.
I wonder whether Tom is awake or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is at home.
I wonder whether Tom is at home or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is asleep.
I wonder whether Tom is asleep or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is as stingy as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is as old as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is as lazy as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom is as busy as I am.
I wonder whether or not Tom is annoyed.
I wonder whether Tom is annoyed or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is angry.
I wonder whether Tom is angry or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is alone.
I wonder whether Tom is alone or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is all right.
I wonder whether Tom is all right or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is alive.
I wonder whether Tom is alive or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is afraid.
I wonder whether Tom is afraid or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is adopted.
I wonder whether Tom is adopted or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is actually in Boston right now.
I wonder whether or not Tom is able to understand French.
I wonder whether Tom is able to understand French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is a vegetarian.
I wonder whether Tom is a vegetarian or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom is a picky eater.
I wonder whether Tom is a picky eater or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary to do that.
I wonder whether Tom has told Mary to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she should do that.
I wonder whether Tom has told Mary she should do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she needs to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she has to do that.
I wonder whether Tom has told Mary she has to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has told Mary not to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has to do that.
I wonder whether Tom has to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has studied French.
I wonder whether Tom has studied French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has shown up yet.
I wonder whether Tom has shown up yet or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has seen this movie.
I wonder whether Tom has seen this movie or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has resigned.
I wonder whether Tom has resigned or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has quit his job.
I wonder whether Tom has quit his job or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has one I could borrow.
I wonder whether Tom has one I could borrow or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has left.
I wonder whether Tom has left or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has left Boston.
I wonder whether Tom has left Boston or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever told Mary about what we did on that day.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever slept on a park bench.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever considered going to a specialist.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever considered cycling to work.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever considered buying a smaller car.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever been to Boston.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever asked Mary why she got fired.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever asked Mary why she dropped out of school.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever asked Mary why she didn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has ever asked Mary why she did that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has done that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has done that yet.
I wonder whether or not Tom has done that before.
I wonder whether or not Tom has done that already.
I wonder whether or not Tom has been hurt.
I wonder whether Tom has been hurt or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has another one.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she shouldn't do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she needs to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she has to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she doesn't need to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary she doesn't have to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already told Mary not to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already thought of that.
I wonder whether or not Tom has already left.
I wonder whether Tom has already left or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has a rope ladder.
I wonder whether Tom has a rope ladder or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has a girlfriend.
I wonder whether Tom has a girlfriend or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom has a driver's license.
I wonder whether Tom has a driver's license or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom found anything.
I wonder whether Tom found anything or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary what to do.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary she was supposed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary she needed to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom forgot to tell Mary not to do that.
I wonder whether or not Tom ever works on Sunday.
I wonder whether or not Tom ever gives Mary flowers.
I wonder whether Tom ever gives Mary flowers or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom ever does that.
I wonder whether or not Tom ever cries.
I wonder whether or not Tom enjoys doing that.
I wonder whether Tom enjoys doing that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom drinks.
I wonder whether Tom drinks or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom did what he was supposed to do.
I wonder whether or not Tom did what he said he'd do.
I wonder whether or not Tom did that.
I wonder whether or not Tom did that yesterday.
I wonder whether Tom did that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom did that last night.
I wonder whether Tom did that last night or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom could talk Mary into helping us tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not Tom could talk Mary into doing that.
I wonder whether or not Tom could help us.
I wonder whether or not Tom could help us solve this problem.
I wonder whether Tom could help us solve this problem or not.
I wonder whether Tom could help us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom could help me.
I wonder whether Tom could help me or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom could do that.
I wonder whether Tom could do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom could do anything to help.
I wonder whether or not Tom could be persuaded to teach my children French.
I wonder whether or not Tom can understand French.
I wonder whether or not Tom can swim.
I wonder whether Tom can swim or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can speak French.
I wonder whether Tom can speak French or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can sing as well as Mary.
I wonder whether or not Tom can help us.
I wonder whether Tom can help us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can hear us.
I wonder whether Tom can hear us or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can do what we've asked.
I wonder whether or not Tom can do that.
I wonder whether Tom can do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can come.
I wonder whether Tom can come or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can be trusted.
I wonder whether Tom can be trusted or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom can babysit for us tonight.
I wonder whether or not Tom bought that house on Park Street he was looking at last week.
I wonder whether or not Tom asked Mary to do that.
I wonder whether Tom asked Mary to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not Tom and Mary will get married.
I wonder whether or not Tom and Mary will get divorced.
I wonder whether or not this water is drinkable.
I wonder whether or not this restaurant has Chilean wine.
I wonder whether or not this really works.
I wonder whether or not this milk is still good.
I wonder whether or not this is worth the price they're asking.
I wonder whether or not this is some sort of scam.
I wonder whether or not this is really worth doing.
I wonder whether or not this is really true.
I wonder whether or not this is really necessary.
I wonder whether or not there's any possibility that Tom will do that.
I wonder whether or not there's any cheese left in the refrigerator.
I wonder whether or not there's a market for something like that.
I wonder whether or not there's a chance Tom will help us.
I wonder whether or not there's a chance Tom will be here tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not there'll be more snow this year than last year.
I wonder whether or not there really is a Santa Claus.
I wonder whether or not the weather will hold.
I wonder whether or not the weather will be good tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not the plane will arrive on time.
I wonder whether or not that's true.
I wonder whether that's true or not.
I wonder whether or not that was really the right thing to do.
I wonder whether or not that could happen again.
I wonder whether or not life exists on other planets.
I wonder whether or not it's safe to do that.
I wonder whether or not it's safe to do that here.
I wonder whether or not it's safe to do that by yourself.
I wonder whether or not it's safe to camp here.
I wonder whether or not it's OK to do that.
I wonder whether or not it's OK to do that here.
I wonder whether or not it's dangerous to do that.
I wonder whether or not it's dangerous to do that here.
I wonder whether or not it's all right to do that.
I wonder whether or not it'll snow tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not it'll rain tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not it'll be hot tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not it'll be cold tomorrow.
I wonder whether or not I should tell Tom the truth.
I wonder whether or not I should talk to Tom about that.
I wonder whether or not I should really become a teacher.
I wonder whether or not I should get one of those.
I wonder whether or not I should do that.
I wonder whether or not I should do that, too.
I wonder whether I should do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I should call the police.
I wonder whether I should call the police or not.
I wonder whether or not I really need to do that.
I wonder whether I really need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I need to do that.
I wonder whether I need to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I have to do that.
I wonder whether I have to do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I can learn how to do that in three hours.
I wonder whether or not I can do that.
I wonder whether I can do that or not.
I wonder whether or not I can do that again.
I wonder whether I can do that again or not.
I wish you'd told me this earlier.
I wish I'd done this earlier.
I wasn't at all surprised.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do what everyone else wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do what everybody else wanted to do.
I was in Boston for almost the whole summer.
I was in Boston almost all summer.
I was in Boston for almost the entire summer.
I want you to find out if Tom is planning on coming here by himself.
I traveled around Australia on my own.
I traveled around Australia by myself.
I told Tom that he should stop telling everybody that he could speak French.
I thought you said you didn't know anyone in Boston.
I thought you said you didn't know anybody in Boston.
I thought you might like to know that Tom isn't planning to come.
I thought you knew both Tom and Mary were allergic to peanuts.
I thought you knew Tom and Mary were both allergic to peanuts.
I thought Tom was planning to stay for a month.
I thought Tom said he wasn't planning on staying.
I thought that both Tom and Mary were single.
I thought that Tom and Mary were both single.
I thought both Tom and Mary were under thirty.
I thought Tom and Mary were both under thirty.
I thought both Tom and Mary were still single.
I thought Tom and Mary were both still single.
I thought both Tom and Mary were over thirty.
I thought Tom and Mary were both over thirty.
I thought both Tom and Mary were going to hit me.
I thought Tom and Mary were both going to hit me.
I thought both Tom and Mary were going to Harvard.
I thought Tom and Mary were both going to Harvard.
I think both of you know Tom.
I think Tom ought to buy some new clothes.
I think Tom should buy some new clothes.
I think Tom is likely to like this movie.
I think Tom will likely like this movie.
I think Tom is likely to leave tomorrow.
I think Tom will likely leave tomorrow.
I think Tom is likely to know how to do that.
I think Tom will likely know how to do that.
I think Tom is likely to do that later.
I think Tom is likely to be there tonight.
I think Tom will likely be there tonight.
I think Tom is likely to be home on Monday.
I think Tom will likely be home on Monday.
I think Tom is likely to be able to do that.
I think Tom will likely be able to do that.
I think that perhaps both Tom and Mary have forgotten how to do that.
I think that perhaps Tom and Mary have both forgotten how to do that.
I think it was Tom who may have done that.
I think it was Tom who might have done that.
I think everyone should visit at least one other country.
I think everybody should visit at least one other country.
I think everyone needs to do that.
I think everybody needs to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
I think Tom and Mary were both born in Boston.
I think both Tom and Mary have to be told not to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both have to be told not to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have the ability to do that.
I think Tom and Mary both have the ability to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have never done that.
I think Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I think both Tom and Mary have never been to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary have both never been to Boston.
I think both Tom and Mary have been suspended.
I think Tom and Mary have both been suspended.
I think both Tom and Mary have already agreed to do that.
I think Tom and Mary have both already agreed to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary have a drinking problem.
I think Tom and Mary both have a drinking problem.
I think both Tom and Mary are unmarried.
I thin Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I think both Tom and Mary are trying to lose weight.
I think Tom and Mary are both trying to lose weight.
I think both Tom and Mary are ticklish.
I think Tom and Mary are both ticklish.
I think both Tom and Mary are thirty years old.
I think Tom and Mary are both thirty years old.
I think both Tom and Mary are stuck-up.
I think Tom and Mary both are stuck-up.
I think both Tom and Mary are still single.
I think Tom and Mary are both still single.
I think both Tom and Mary are still in prison.
I think Tom and Mary are both still in prison.
I think both Tom and Mary are still homesick.
I think Tom and Mary are both still homesick.
I think both Tom and Mary are retired.
I think Tom and Mary are both retired.
I think both Tom and Mary are over thirty.
I think Tom and Mary are both over thirty.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to get fired.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to get fired.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to do that.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to be doing that.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to be doing that.
I think both Tom and Mary are going to be busy tomorrow.
I think Tom and Mary are both going to be busy tomorrow.
I think both Tom and Mary are finicky.
I think Tom and Mary are both finicky.
I think both Tom and Mary are difficult to get along with.
I think Tom and Mary are both difficult to get along with.
I think both Tom and Mary are confused.
I think Tom and Mary are both confused.
I think both Tom and Mary are bipolar.
I think Tom and Mary are both bipolar.
I think both Tom and Mary are ambidextrous.
I think Tom and Mary are both ambidextrous.
I suppose both Tom and Mary have changed a great deal.
I suppose Tom and Mary have both changed a great deal.
I should've read the insurance policy more carefully.
I should've quit smoking years ago.
I should've paid more attention in class.
I should've married your sister.
I should study tonight, but I'm tired so I'm going to bed.
I ought to study tonight, but I'm tired so I'm going to bed.
I sat down on the couch next to Tom.
I sat down on the sofa next to Tom.
I played tennis yesterday afternoon with Tom.
I played tennis with Tom yesterday afternoon.
I plan to read a book on the plane.
I plan on reading a book on the plane.
I plan to discuss that problem with Tom.
I plan on discussing that problem with Tom.
I never let anybody come into my apartment.
I need to know when you're planning to do that.
I need to know when you're planning on doing that.
I need somebody to help me do this.
I met someone who knows you.
I met somebody who knows you.
I made Tom promise that he wouldn't tell anyone what happened.
I made Tom promise that he wouldn't tell anybody what happened.
I made Tom promise me that he wouldn't tell anyone what happened.
I made Tom promise me that he wouldn't tell anybody what happened.
I let Tom do anything he wants.
I let Tom do anything he wants to do.
I know Tom isn't planning to go to Boston with you.
I know Tom is planning on being there.
I know that Tom and Mary are planning to do that together.
I know that Tom and Mary are planning on doing that together.
I know that both Tom and Mary have spent time in prison.
I know that Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison.
I know that both Tom and Mary have never done that.
I know that Tom and Mary have both never done that.
I know that both Tom and Mary have finished doing that.
I know that Tom and Mary have both finished doing that.
I know that both Tom and Mary have been injured.
I know that Tom and Mary have both been injured.
I know that both Tom and Mary have been arrested.
I know that Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
I know that both Tom and Mary are single.
I know that Tom and Mary are both single.
I know that both Tom and Mary are retired.
I know that Tom and Mary are both retired.
I know that both Tom and Mary are lonely.
I know that Tom and Mary are both lonely.
I know both Tom and Mary have to leave tomorrow.
I know Tom and Mary both have to leave tomorrow.
I know both Tom and Mary have houses in Boston.
I know Tom and Mary both have houses in Boston.
I know both Tom and Mary have already left Boston.
I know Tom and Mary have both already left Boston.
I know both Tom and Mary have agreed to do that.
I know Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
I know both Tom and Mary are allergic to peanuts.
I know Tom and Mary are both allergic to peanuts.
I hope you weren't in my room again.
I hope nobody steals my stuff.
I hope nobody breaks into my house.
I hope nobody breaks into my apartment.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both died.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have died.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have passed away.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both passed away.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have been hospitalized.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both been hospitalized.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have been fired.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both been fired.
I heard that both Tom and Mary have been arrested.
I heard that Tom and Mary have both been arrested.
I hear that both Tom and Mary have dropped out of school.
I hear that Tom and Mary have both dropped out of school.
I hear that both Tom and Mary are planning to retire in October.
I hear that Tom and Mary are both planning to retire in October.
I haven't yet told anyone else.
I haven't told anybody else yet.
I haven't told anyone else yet.
I haven't yet told anybody else.
I had lunch three hours ago.
I ate lunch three hours ago.
I got someone to help me move the piano.
I got somebody to help me move the piano.
I got someone to help me do that.
I got somebody to help me do that.
I get lonely when there's no one to talk to.
I get lonely when there's nobody to talk to.
I gave Tom all the money that I had.
I don't yet have a present for Tom.
I don't have a present for Tom yet.
I don't want to be here any more than you.
I don't think Tom knows everybody's name yet.
I don't think Tom knows anyone who's able to do that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody who can do that.
I don't think Tom knows anybody at our school.
I don't think Tom is planning on helping us.
I don't think Tom is as influential as Mary.
I don't think Tom is as influential as Mary is.
I don't think this is the first time Tom has tried doing that.
I don't like my wife calling me at work.
I don't like my wife to call me at work.
I don't know who Tom plans on going to the zoo with.
I don't know anyone I can practice speaking French with.
I don't know anybody I can practice speaking French with.
I don't have a shovel, but I know someone who does.
I don't have a shovel, but I know somebody who does.
I don't have a chain saw, but I know someone who does.
I don't have a chain saw, but I know somebody who does.
I didn't know that both Tom and Mary were still in prison.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were both still in prison.
I did it because everybody else did.
I can't possibly do that without someone's help.
I can't possibly do that without somebody's help.
I can't possibly do that alone.
I can't believe Tom is really planning on doing that.
I can't believe both Tom and Mary are still single.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are both still single.
I brought you some candy.
I brought some candy for you.
I baked Tom some cookies.
I baked Tom some brownies.
I baked some brownies for Tom.
I ate dinner an hour ago.
I had dinner an hour ago.
I asked Tom to throw the keys to me.
I asked Tom to throw me the keys.
I asked Tom if he knew anyone who taught swimming.
I asked Tom if he knew anyone who taught French.
I asked Tom if he knew anyone who could teach my children French.
Have you ever talked to anyone about this?
Have you ever talked to anybody about this?
Have you discussed this with anybody?
Have you been in contact with Tom lately?
Have you been in contact with Tom recently?
Has Tom started his new job yet?
Has Tom already started his new job?
Has anybody ever told you what really happened?
Has anybody ever told you what really happened that day?
Hardly anyone likes Tom.
Hardly anybody likes Tom.
Except for Tom, everyone did that.
Except for Tom, everybody did that.
Everyone went to the hospital to see Tom.
Everybody went to the hospital to see Tom.
Everyone was late except me.
Everyone was late but me.
Everybody was late except me.
Everybody was late but me.
Everyone warned me about Tom.
Everybody warned me about Tom.
Everybody knows Tom is lying.
Everyone knew that Tom was unhappy.
Everybody knew that Tom was unhappy.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to do that.
Everybody knew that Tom didn't want to be here.
Everyone is sleeping.
Everyone is asleep.
Everyone in town knows who Tom is.
Everyone else does it, too.
Everybody else does it, too.
Everybody dies sooner or later.
Everybody did that, except Tom.
Everyone came to the party, except Tom.
Everybody came to the party, except Tom.
Don't tell anyone where Tom is.
Does Tom live alone?
Does Tom live by himself?
Does anybody know why Tom isn't here?
Do you think that both Tom and Mary have lost weight?
Do you think that Tom and Mary have both lost weight?
Do you think both Tom and Mary have put on weight?
Do you think Tom and Mary have both put on weight?
Do you think both Tom and Mary have already left?
Do you think Tom and Mary have both already left?
Do you have any idea when Tom is planning to get here?
Do you both know Tom?
Did you know that Tom was planning to move to Boston?
Did you know that Tom was planning on moving to Boston?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary have spent time in prison?
Did you know that Tom and Mary have both spent time in prison?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary have houses on Park Street?
Did you know that Tom and Mary both have houses on Park Street?
Did you know that both Tom and Mary are blind in one eye?
Did you know that Tom and Mary are both blind in one eye?
Did both you and Tom like the movie?
Did you and Tom both like the movie?
Did both Tom and Mary have to do that?
Did Tom and Mary both have to do that?
Did anybody tell Tom what time he was supposed to be here?
Did anyone tell Tom and Mary what time they were supposed to be here?
Did anybody tell Tom and Mary what time they were supposed to be here?
Could somebody tell me why Tom is angry?
Can somebody tell me why Tom is angry?
Can anyone tell me why Tom isn't here?
Both Tom and Mary have played the piano since they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary have both played the piano since they were thirteen.
Both Tom and Mary are much thinner than they used to be.
Tom and Mary are both much thinner than they used to be.
Both Tom and Mary would really like to go to your party.
Tom and Mary would both really like to go to your party.
Both Tom and Mary would like to do that.
Tom and Mary would both like to do that.
Both Tom and Mary would like that.
Both Tom and Mary worked in supermarkets while they were in college.
Tom and Mary both worked in supermarkets while they were in college.
Both Tom and Mary work.
Both Tom and Mary work only three days a week.
Tom and Mary both work only three days a week.
Both Tom and Mary work in Boston.
Tom and Mary both work in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary work full time.
Tom and Mary both work full time.
Both Tom and Mary work eight hours a day.
Both Tom and Mary work at night.
Tom and Mary both work at night.
Both Tom and Mary wished they were still single.
Tom and Mary both wished they were still single.
Both Tom and Mary will go.
Tom and Mary will both go.
Both Tom and Mary will do that tomorrow.
Tom and Mary will both do that tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary will be busy this afternoon.
Tom and Mary will both be busy this afternoon.
Both Tom and Mary were wrong.
Tom and Mary were both wrong.
Both Tom and Mary were wounded.
Both Tom and Mary were worried.
Tom and Mary were both worried.
Both Tom and Mary were wearing black coats.
Tom and Mary were both wearing black coats.
Both Tom and Mary were very tired.
Tom and Mary were both very tired.
Both Tom and Mary were very thirsty.
Tom and Mary were both very thirsty.
Both Tom and Mary were very sleepy.
Tom and Mary were both very sleepy.
Both Tom and Mary were very skinny when they were kids.
Tom and Mary were both very skinny when they were kids.
Both Tom and Mary were very skinny when they were children.
Tom and Mary were both very skinny when they were children,
Both Tom and Mary were very hungry.
Tom and Mary were both very hungry.
Both Tom and Mary were tired.
Tom and Mary were both tired.
Both Tom and Mary were thirsty.
Tom and Mary were both thirsty.
Both Tom and Mary were there.
Tom and Mary were both there.
Both Tom and Mary were sleepy.
Both Tom and Mary were silent for a while.
Tom and Mary were both silent for a while.
Both Tom and Mary were silent for a long time.
Tom and Mary were both silent for a long time.
Both Tom and Mary were shocked.
Tom and Mary were both shocked.
Both Tom and Mary were scared.
Both Tom and Mary were right.
Tom and Mary were both right.
Both Tom and Mary were really drunk.
Tom and Mary were both really drunk.
Both Tom and Mary were quite good-looking when they were young.
Tom and Mary were both quite good-looking when they were young.
Both Tom and Mary were quiet.
Tom and Mary were both quiet.
Both Tom and Mary were pretty busy yesterday.
Tom and Mary were both pretty busy yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary were pretty busy this morning.
Tom and Mary were both pretty busy this morning.
Both Tom and Mary were overweight when they were teenagers.
Tom and Mary were both overweight when they were teenagers.
Both Tom and Mary were not at home when we went to visit them.
Tom and Mary were both not at home when we went to visit them.
Both Tom and Mary were making good money.
Tom and Mary were both making good money.
Both Tom and Mary were laughing.
Tom and Mary were both laughing.
Both Tom and Mary were invited.
Tom and Mary were both invited.
Both Tom and Mary were in the library.
Tom and Mary were both in the library.
Both Tom and Mary were in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary were both in Boston last week.
Both Tom and Mary were in Boston all last summer.
Tom and Mary were both in Boston all last summer.
Both Tom and Mary were hungry.
Tom and Mary were both hungry.
Both Tom and Mary were here yesterday.
Tom and Mary were both here yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary were happy in Boston.
Tom and Mary were both happy in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary were grinning.
Tom and Mary were both grinning.
Both Tom and Mary were fired because they couldn't be trusted.
Tom and Mary were both fired because they couldn't be trusted.
Both Tom and Mary were exhausted.
Both Tom and Mary were drunk last night when I saw them.
Tom and Mary were both drunk last night when I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary were dirty.
Tom and Mary were both dirty.
Both Tom and Mary were crying.
Both Tom and Mary were confused.
Both Tom and Mary were busy at that time.
Tom and Mary were both busy at that time.
Both Tom and Mary were at the meeting.
Tom and Mary were both at the meeting.
Both Tom and Mary were at home last night.
Tom and Mary were both at home last night.
Both Tom and Mary were asleep.
Tom and Mary were both asleep.
Both Tom and Mary were arrested.
Both Tom and Mary were arrested in 2013.
Both Tom and Mary were almost killed.
Tom and Mary were both almost killed.
Both Tom and Mary were afraid to jump off the diving board.
Tom and Mary were both afraid to jump off the diving board.
Both Tom and Mary were afraid of John's dog.
Tom and Mary were both afraid of John's dog.
Both Tom and Mary were absent.
Tom and Mary were both absent.
Both Tom and Mary were absent from school all last week.
Tom and Mary were both absent from school all last week.
Both Tom and Mary were a little confused.
Tom and Mary were both a little confused.
Tom and Mary both went to the concert.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to go.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary both wanted to do that.
Both Tom and Mary wanted to be plumbers.
Tom and Mary both wanted to be plumbers.
Both Tom and Mary want to study French.
Tom and Mary both want to study French.
Both Tom and Mary want to stay in Boston for another week.
Tom and Mary both want to stay in Boston for another week.
Both Tom and Mary want to say something.
Both Tom and Mary want to learn how to fly an airplane.
Tom and Mary both want to learn how to fly an airplane.
Both Tom and Mary want to know why that happened.
Tom and Mary both want to know why that happened.
Both Tom and Mary want to know what happened.
Both Tom and Mary want to go.
Both Tom and Mary want to go to Boston.
Tom and Mary both want to go to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary want to go home.
Tom and Mary both want to go home.
Both Tom and Mary want to do that now.
Tom and Mary both want to do that now.
Both Tom and Mary want the same thing.
Tom and Mary both want the same thing.
Both Tom and Mary want me to help them with their homework.
Tom and Mary both want me to help them with their homework.
Both Tom and Mary want it.
Tom and Mary both want it.
Both Tom and Mary used to live on Park Street.
Tom and Mary both used to live on Park Street.
Both Tom and Mary turned to look at John.
Tom and Mary both turned to look at John.
Both Tom and Mary turned around to watch.
Both Tom and Mary turned around to see what was happening.
Tom and Mary both turned around to see what was happening.
Both Tom and Mary turned and looked at John.
Tom and Mary both turned and looked at John.
Both Tom and Mary tried to kiss me, but I didn't let them.
Tom and Mary both tried to kiss me, but I didn't let them.
Both Tom and Mary told me that they were single.
Tom and Mary both told me that they were single.
Both Tom and Mary told me that they wanted to stay single.
Tom and Mary both told me that they wanted to stay single.
Both Tom and Mary thought you could do that.
Tom and Mary both thought you could do that.
Both Tom and Mary teach French.
Both Tom and Mary talk in their sleep.
Tom and Mary both talk in their sleep.
Both Tom and Mary stopped eating.
Both Tom and Mary stood up.
Both Tom and Mary started talking at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary started laughing.
Tom and Mary both started laughing.
Both Tom and Mary started laughing at the same time.
Tom and Mary both started laughing at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary stared at John.
Both Tom and Mary speak French.
Tom and Mary both speak French.
Both Tom and Mary smiled.
Both Tom and Mary slipped and fell as they were going down the stairs.
Tom and Mary both slipped and fell as they were going down the stairs.
Both Tom and Mary skipped class.
Tom and Mary both skipped class.
Both Tom and Mary sing quite well.
Tom and Mary both sing quite well.
Both Tom and Mary should've stayed awake.
Both Tom and Mary should've left early.
Tom and Mary both should've left early.
Both Tom and Mary should've left earlier.
Tom and Mary both should've left earlier.
Both Tom and Mary should've known better.
Tom and Mary both should've known better.
Both Tom and Mary should've done that.
Tom and Mary both should've done that.
Both Tom and Mary should go.
Tom and Mary should both go.
Both Tom and Mary should get some sleep.
Tom and Mary should both get some sleep.
Both Tom and Mary set their alarms for 2:30.
Tom and Mary both set their alarms for 2:30.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be tired.
Tom and Mary both seemed to be tired.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be happy.
Tom and Mary both seemed to be happy.
Both Tom and Mary seemed to be busy.
Tom and Mary both seemed to be busy.
Both Tom and Mary screamed.
Both Tom and Mary say they want to learn how to play the bassoon.
Tom and Mary both say they want to learn how to play the bassoon.
Both Tom and Mary say they don't think they snore.
Tom and Mary both say they don't think they snore.
Both Tom and Mary saw you.
Tom and Mary both saw you.
Both Tom and Mary saw John.
Tom and Mary both saw John.
Both Tom and Mary saw it.
Tom and Mary both saw it.
Both Tom and Mary sat down.
Tom and Mary both sat down.
Both Tom and Mary sat back down.
Both Tom and Mary said yes.
Both Tom and Mary said they were too young to vote.
Tom and Mary both said they were too young to vote.
Both Tom and Mary said they were hungry.
Tom and Mary both said they were hungry.
Both Tom and Mary said that they weren't ticklish.
Tom and Mary both said that they weren't ticklish.
Both Tom and Mary said that they weren't studying French anymore.
Tom and Mary both said that they weren't studying French anymore.
Both Tom and Mary said that they weren't single.
Tom and Mary both said that they weren't single.
Both Tom and Mary said that they were very interested in archery.
Tom and Mary both said that they were very interested in archery.
Both Tom and Mary said that they were going to be late.
Tom and Mary both said that they were going to be late.
Both Tom and Mary said that they thought that it might rain.
Tom and Mary both said that they thought that it might rain.
Both Tom and Mary said that they needed to go home early.
Tom and Mary both said that they needed to go home early.
Both Tom and Mary said that they might not be at school tomorrow.
Tom and Mary both said that they might not be at school tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary said that they might be late tomorrow.
Tom and Mary both said that they might be late tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary said that they had to go there tomorrow.
Tom and Mary both said that they had to go there tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary said that they had fun at your party.
Tom and Mary both said that they had fun at your party.
Both Tom and Mary said that they had a lot of fun at your party.
Tom and Mary both said that they had a lot of fun at your party.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't want to eat dinner tonight.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't think it would rain.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't think it would rain.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't know what to do.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't know what to do.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't know how to swim.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't know how to swim.
Both Tom and Mary said that they didn't expect that to happen.
Tom and Mary both said that they didn't expect that to happen.
Both Tom and Mary said that they couldn't sleep at all last night.
Tom and Mary both said that they couldn't sleep at all last night.
Both Tom and Mary said that they could make it to the party.
Tom and Mary both said that they could make it to the party.
Both Tom and Mary said no.
Both Tom and Mary retired when they were 65.
Tom and Mary both retired when they were 65.
Both Tom and Mary retired when they were 65 years old.
Tom and Mary both retired when they were 65 years old.
Both Tom and Mary retired from the company when they turned 65.
Tom and Mary both retired from the company when they turned 65.
Both Tom and Mary relaxed.
Both Tom and Mary reached the same conclusion.
Tom and Mary both reached the same conclusion.
Both Tom and Mary ran for class president.
Both Tom and Mary pretended nothing had happened.
Tom and Mary both pretended nothing had happened.
Both Tom and Mary prefer watching comedies.
Both Tom and Mary pleaded not guilty.
Tom and Mary both pleaded not guilty.
Both Tom and Mary played the mandolin when they were younger.
Tom and Mary both played the mandolin when they were younger.
Both Tom and Mary play the cello.
Tom and Mary both play the cello.
Both Tom and Mary plan to retire when they're 65.
Tom and Mary both plan to retire when they're 65.
Both Tom and Mary overreacted.
Tom and Mary both overreacted.
Both Tom and Mary ordered the lunch special.
Both Tom and Mary only work three days a week.
Tom and Mary both only work three days a week.
Both Tom and Mary nodded in agreement.
Tom and Mary both nodded in agreement.
Both Tom and Mary needed to do that.
Tom and Mary both needed to do that.
Both Tom and Mary need to stay in Boston for another three days.
Tom and Mary both need to stay in Boston for another three days.
Both Tom and Mary need to be there tomorrow.
Tom and Mary both need to be there tomorrow.
Both Tom and Mary need this.
Tom and Mary both need this.
Both Tom and Mary need new shoes.
Both Tom and Mary need more time.
Tom and Mary both need more time.
Both Tom and Mary need help.
Tom and Mary both need help.
Both Tom and Mary miss you.
Tom and Mary both miss you.
Both Tom and Mary miss you a lot.
Tom and Mary both miss you a lot.
Both Tom and Mary made mistakes.
Tom and Mary both made mistakes.
Both Tom and Mary love you.
Tom and Mary both love you.
Both Tom and Mary love Thai food.
Tom and Mary both love Thai food.
Both Tom and Mary looked ridiculous.
Tom and Mary both looked ridiculous.
Both Tom and Mary looked pretty sick when I last saw them.
Tom and Mary both looked pretty sick when I last saw them.
Both Tom and Mary looked pretty sick the last time saw I them.
Tom and Mary both looked pretty sick the last time I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary looked back at John.
Tom and Mary both looked back at John.
Both Tom and Mary looked at John.
Both Tom and Mary look very uncomfortable.
Tom and Mary both look very uncomfortable.
Both Tom and Mary look sad.
Tom and Mary both look sad.
Both Tom and Mary look like they've put on a little weight.
Tom and Mary both look like they've put on a little weight.
Both Tom and Mary look like they've lost a lot of weight.
Tom and Mary both look like they've lost a lot of weight.
Both Tom and Mary look like they want to say something.
Tom and Mary both look like they want to say something.
Both Tom and Mary look angry.
Tom and Mary both look angry.
Both Tom and Mary lived in Boston.
Tom and Mary both lived in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary live on Park Street.
Tom and Mary both live on Park Street.
Both Tom and Mary live and work in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary liked the plan.
Tom and Mary both liked the plan.
Both Tom and Mary like you a lot.
Tom and Mary both like you a lot.
Both Tom and Mary like to play golf.
Tom and Mary both like to play golf.
Both Tom and Mary like to cook.
Both Tom and Mary like swimming.
Tom and Mary both like swimming.
Both Tom and Mary like seafood.
Tom and Mary both like seafood.
Both Tom and Mary like sailing.
Tom and Mary both like sailing.
Both Tom and Mary like riding motorcycles.
Tom and Mary both like riding motorcycles.
Both Tom and Mary like riding horses.
Both Tom and Mary like old movies.
Both Tom and Mary like Korean food.
Tom and Mary both like Korean food.
Both Tom and Mary like jazz.
Tom and Mary both like jazz.
Both Tom and Mary like doing that.
Tom and Mary both like doing that.
Both Tom and Mary like camping.
Tom and Mary both like camping.
Both Tom and Mary like Boston.
Tom and Mary both like Boston.
Both Tom and Mary like bananas.
Tom and Mary both like bananas.
Both Tom and Mary left.
Tom and Mary both left.
Both Tom and Mary left at the same time.
Tom and Mary both left at the same time.
Both Tom and Mary laughed again.
Tom and Mary both laughed again.
Both Tom and Mary know you don't swim very well.
Tom and Mary both know you don't swim very well.
Both Tom and Mary know why John isn't here.
Tom and Mary both know why John isn't here.
Both Tom and Mary know why John is here.
Tom and Mary both know why John is here.
Both Tom and Mary know why I'm here.
Tom and Mary both know why I'm here.
Both Tom and Mary know who you are.
Tom and Mary both know who you are.
Both Tom and Mary know who did that.
Tom and Mary both know who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know what'll happen if they don't do what they're supposed to do.
Tom and Mary both know what'll happen if they don't do what they're supposed to do.
Both Tom and Mary know what'll happen if they do that.
Tom and Mary both know what'll happen if they do that.
Both Tom and Mary know what you're doing.
Tom and Mary both know what you're doing.
Both Tom and Mary know what needs to be done.
Tom and Mary both know what needs to be done.
Both Tom and Mary know what John is doing.
Tom and Mary both know what John is doing.
Both Tom and Mary know what happened.
Tom and Mary both know what happened.
Both Tom and Mary know what happened to John.
Tom and Mary both know what happened to John.
Both Tom and Mary know this.
Tom and Mary both know this.
Both Tom and Mary know they don't belong here.
Tom and Mary both know they don't belong here.
Both Tom and Mary know the truth.
Both Tom and Mary know that's unlikely to happen.
Tom and Mary both know that isn't likely to happen.
Both Tom and Mary know that's not true.
Tom and Mary both know that isn't true.
Both Tom and Mary know that's a lie.
Tom and Mary both know that's a lie.
Both Tom and Mary know that.
Tom and Mary both know that.
Both Tom and Mary know John wasn't the one who did that.
Tom and Mary both know John wasn't the one who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know John was the one who did that.
Tom and Mary both know John was the one who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know John lied.
Tom and Mary both know John lied.
Both Tom and Mary know John isn't happy here.
Tom and Mary both know John isn't happy here.
Both Tom and Mary know John is innocent.
Tom and Mary both know John is innocent.
Both Tom and Mary know John did that.
Tom and Mary both know John did that.
Both Tom and Mary know it's too late to do that.
Tom and Mary both know it's too late to do that.
Both Tom and Mary know it wasn't John who did that.
Tom and Mary both know it wasn't John who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know it was John who did that.
Tom and Mary both know it was John who did that.
Both Tom and Mary know how to swim.
Both Tom and Mary knew you could do that.
Tom and Mary both knew you could do that.
Both Tom and Mary knew the risks.
Tom and Mary both knew the risks.
Both Tom and Mary kept silent.
Tom and Mary both kept silent.
Both Tom and Mary kept quiet.
Tom and Mary both kept quiet.
Both Tom and Mary joined the army when they were eighteen.
Tom and Mary both joined the army when they were eighteen.
Both Tom and Mary hurt their knees.
Tom and Mary both hurt their knees.
Both Tom and Mary haven't done that.
Both Tom and Mary haven't done that yet.
Both Tom and Mary have worked in Boston.
Tom and Mary have both worked in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have work to do.
Tom and Mary both have work to do.
Both Tom and Mary have tried to do that.
Tom and Mary have both tried doing that.
Both Tom and Mary have to wear glasses when they drive.
Tom and Mary both have to wear glasses when they drive.
Both Tom and Mary have to study French.
Tom and Mary both have to study French.
Both Tom and Mary have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom and Mary both have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Both Tom and Mary have to go to work.
Tom and Mary both have to go to work.
Both Tom and Mary have to do that again.
Tom and Mary both have to do that again.
Both Tom and Mary have the same problem.
Tom and Mary both have the same problem.
Both Tom and Mary have the flu.
Tom and Mary both have the flu.
Both Tom and Mary have seen that movie.
Tom and Mary have both seen that movie.
Both Tom and Mary have seen it.
Tom and Mary have both seen it.
Both Tom and Mary have scars on their wrists from when they tried to commit suicide.
Tom and Mary both have scars on their wrists from when they tried to commit suicide.
Both Tom and Mary have quite a few friends.
Both Tom and Mary have put on some weight since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have both put on some weight since the last time I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary have ponytails.
Both Tom and Mary have new bicycles.
Tom and Mary both have new bicycles.
Tom and Mary have both never done that.
Both Tom and Mary have made sacrifices.
Tom and Mary have both made sacrifices.
Both Tom and Mary have lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary have both lost a lot of weight since the last time I saw them.
Both Tom and Mary have lied to you.
Tom and Mary have both lied to you.
Both Tom and Mary have known how to do that since they were three.
Tom and Mary have both known how to do that since they were three.
Both Tom and Mary have gotten better at playing the trumpet since I last heard them play.
Tom and Mary have both gotten better at playing the trumpet since I last heard them play.
Both Tom and Mary have gained weight since I last saw them.
Tom and Mary have both gained weight since I last saw them.
Both Tom and Mary have finished doing their homework.
Tom and Mary have both finished doing their homework.
Both Tom and Mary have dyed their hair.
Tom and Mary have both dyed their hair.
Both Tom and Mary have dark hair.
Both Tom and Mary have Canadian spouses.
Both Tom and Mary have broken their arms.
Tom and Mary have both broken their arms.
Both Tom and Mary have black hair.
Both Tom and Mary have been very lucky.
Tom and Mary have both been very lucky.
Both Tom and Mary have been very busy.
Tom and Mary have both been very busy.
Both Tom and Mary have been very busy all week.
Tom and Mary have both been very busy all week.
Both Tom and Mary have been to Boston.
Tom and Mary have both been to Boston.
Both Tom and Mary have been singing professionally since they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary have both been singing professionally since they were thirteen.
Both Tom and Mary have been released from prison.
Tom and Mary have both been released from prison.
Both Tom and Mary have applied for the job.
Tom and Mary have both applied for the job.
Both Tom and Mary have already tried that.
Tom and Mary have both already tried that.
Both Tom and Mary have agreed to do that.
Tom and Mary have both agreed to do that.
Both Tom and Mary hate you.
Tom and Mary both hate you.
Both Tom and Mary hate me.
Tom and Mary both hate me.
Both Tom and Mary hate John.
Tom and Mary both hate John.
Both Tom and Mary had to sell their cars.
Tom and Mary both had to sell their cars.
Both Tom and Mary had to do that.
Tom and Mary both had to do that.
Both Tom and Mary had to do that again.
Tom and Mary both had to do that again.
Both Tom and Mary grinned.
Tom and Mary both grinned.
Both Tom and Mary got sent to the principal's office for misbehaving in class.
Tom and Mary both got sent to the principal's office for misbehaving in class.
Both Tom and Mary got out of the car.
Both Tom and Mary got in the car.
Both Tom and Mary got here late.
Tom and Mary both got here late.
Both Tom and Mary giggled.
Tom and Mary both giggled.
Both Tom and Mary fell off their bicycles.
Tom and Mary both fell off their bicycles.
Both Tom and Mary fell asleep.
Tom and Mary both fell asleep.
Both Tom and Mary feel the same way about that.
Both Tom and Mary failed the exam.
Both Tom and Mary enjoyed the movie.
Tom and Mary both enjoyed the movie.
Both Tom and Mary enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom and Mary both enjoy watching horror movies.
Both Tom and Mary enjoy playing volleyball.
Tom and Mary both enjoy playing volleyball.
Both Tom and Mary dyed their hair brown.
Tom and Mary both dyed their hair brown.
Both Tom and Mary dye their hair.
Tom and Mary both dye their hair.
Both Tom and Mary drive sports cars.
Tom and Mary both drive sports cars.
Both Tom and Mary drink too much coffee.
Both Tom and Mary don't understand French at all.
Both Tom and Mary don't swim very well.
Tom and Mary both don't swim very well.
Both Tom and Mary don't speak French.
Neither Tom nor Mary speaks French.
Both Tom and Mary don't speak French very well.
Tom and Mary both don't speak French very well.
Both Tom and Mary don't know how to speak French.
Both Tom and Mary don't know how to drive.
Both Tom and Mary do that.
Tom and Mary both do that.
Both Tom and Mary died.
Tom and Mary both died.
Both Tom and Mary died in their sleep.
Tom and Mary both died in their sleep.
Both Tom and Mary died in the accident.
Both Tom and Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom and Mary both didn't want to do that.
Both Tom and Mary didn't say anything for a while.
Tom and Mary both didn't say anything for a while.
Both Tom and Mary didn't say anything for a long time.
Tom and Mary both didn't say anything for a long time.
Both Tom and Mary didn't say a thing.
Neither Tom nor Mary said a thing.
Both Tom and Mary didn't go to yesterday's meeting.
Neither Tom nor Mary went to yesterday's meeting.
Both Tom and Mary didn't do that.
Both Tom and Mary did well.
Tom and Mary both did well.
Both Tom and Mary did that again.
Tom and Mary both did that again.
Both Tom and Mary did really well.
Tom and Mary both did really well.
Both Tom and Mary did fairly well on the test they took yesterday.
Tom and Mary both did fairly well on the test they took yesterday.
Both Tom and Mary cut themselves on some broken glass.
Tom and Mary both cut themselves on some broken glass.
Both Tom and Mary could retire if they wanted to.
Tom and Mary could both retire if they wanted to.
Both Tom and Mary coughed.
Tom and Mary both coughed.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the weather.
Tom and Mary both complained about the weather.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the smell.
Tom and Mary both complained about the smell.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the noise.
Tom and Mary both complained about the noise.
Both Tom and Mary complained about the heat.
Tom and Mary both complained about the heat.
Both Tom and Mary complained about John.
Tom and Mary both complained about John.
Both Tom and Mary chuckled.
Tom and Mary both chuckled.
Both Tom and Mary changed their clothes.
Tom and Mary both changed their clothes.
Both Tom and Mary can't swim.
Both Tom and Mary can't drive.
Neither Tom nor Mary can drive.
Both Tom and Mary can't be right.
Tom and Mary both can't be right.
Both Tom and Mary can sing quite well.
Both Tom and Mary can play chess quite well.
Tom and Mary can both play chess quite well.
Both Tom and Mary can do that.
Tom and Mary can both do that.
Both Tom and Mary can do that quite well.
Tom and Mary can both do that quite well.
Both Tom and Mary came to Boston when they were children.
Tom and Mary both came to Boston when they were children.
Both Tom and Mary broke their legs.
Tom and Mary both broke their legs.
Both Tom and Mary broke their legs skiing.
Tom and Mary both broke their legs skiing.
Tom and Mary both blushed.
Both Tom and Mary blew their noses.
Tom and Mary both blew their noses.
Both Tom and Mary began wearing glasses when they were three.
Tom and Mary both began wearing glasses when they were three.
Both Tom and Mary will be there.
Tom and Mary will both be there.
Both Tom and Mary asked me to help them write love letters.
Tom and Mary both asked me to help them write love letters.
Both Tom and Mary aren't hungry.
Neither Tom nor Mary are hungry.
Both Tom and Mary aren't busy.
Tom and Mary both aren't busy.
Both Tom and Mary are wrong.
Tom and Mary are both wrong.
Both Tom and Mary are wearing sunglasses.
Tom and Mary are both wearing sunglasses.
Both Tom and Mary are wearing hats.
Tom and Mary are both wearing hats.
Both Tom and Mary are wearing black today.
Tom and Mary are both wearing black today.
Both Tom and Mary are very young.
Tom and Mary are both very young.
Both Tom and Mary are very worried.
Tom and Mary are both very worried.
Both Tom and Mary are very upset.
Tom and Mary are both very upset.
Both Tom and Mary are very tired.
Tom and Mary are both very tired.
Both Tom and Mary are very smart.
Tom and Mary are both very smart.
Both Tom and Mary are very sleepy.
Tom and Mary are both very sleepy.
Both Tom and Mary are very proud of you.
Tom and Mary are both very proud of you.
Both Tom and Mary are very picky about what they eat.
Tom and Mary are both very picky about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are very particular about what they eat.
Tom and Mary are both very particular about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are very intelligent.
Tom and Mary are both very intelligent.
Both Tom and Mary are very hungry.
Tom and Mary are both very hungry.
Both Tom and Mary are very happy.
Both Tom and Mary are very happy here.
Tom and Mary are both very happy here.
Both Tom and Mary are very good chess players.
Tom and Mary are both very good chess players.
Both Tom and Mary are very fussy about what they eat.
Tom and Mary are both very fussy about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are very frightened.
Tom and Mary are both very frightened.
Both Tom and Mary are very excited.
Both Tom and Mary are very conservative.
Both Tom and Mary are very busy.
Tom and Mary are both very busy.
Both Tom and Mary are vegetarians.
Both Tom and Mary are unmarried.
Both Tom and Mary are unhappy.
Both Tom and Mary are unemployed.
Tom and Mary are both unemployed.
Both Tom and Mary are to blame.
Tom and Mary are both to blame.
Both Tom and Mary are tired.
Tom and Mary are both tired.
Both Tom and Mary are thirty.
Both Tom and Mary are thirty years old.
Both Tom and Mary are thirsty.
Tom and Mary are both thirsty.
Both Tom and Mary are therapists.
Both Tom and Mary are telling the truth.
Tom and Mary are both telling the truth.
Both Tom and Mary are teenagers.
Tom and Mary are both teenagers.
Both Tom and Mary are teenagers now.
Tom and Mary are both teenagers now.
Both Tom and Mary are teachers here.
Tom and Mary are both teachers here.
Both Tom and Mary are talented.
Tom and Mary are both talented.
Both Tom and Mary are studying French.
Tom and Mary are both studying French.
Both Tom and Mary are still under thirty.
Tom and Mary are both still under thirty.
Both Tom and Mary are still too young.
Tom and Mary are both still too young.
Both Tom and Mary are still studying French.
Tom and Mary are both still studying French.
Both Tom and Mary are still single.
Both Tom and Mary are still in good shape.
Tom and Mary are both still in good shape.
Both Tom and Mary are still high school students.
Tom and Mary are both still high school students.
Both Tom and Mary are sorry.
Tom and Mary are both sorry.
Both Tom and Mary are smiling.
Tom and Mary are both smiling.
Both Tom and Mary are scared.
Tom and Mary are both scared.
Both Tom and Mary are safe.
Tom and Mary are both safe.
Both Tom and Mary are rich.
Tom and Mary are both rich.
Both Tom and Mary are reporters.
Tom and Mary are both reporters.
Both Tom and Mary are really competitive.
Tom and Mary are both really competitive.
Both Tom and Mary are ready.
Tom and Mary are both ready.
Both Tom and Mary are proud of you.
Tom and Mary are both proud of you.
Both Tom and Mary are professors.
Both Tom and Mary are professionals.
Tom and Mary are both professionals.
Both Tom and Mary are professional musicians.
Tom and Mary are both professional musicians.
Both Tom and Mary are pretty excited.
Tom and Mary are both pretty excited.
Both Tom and Mary are particular about what they eat.
Tom and Mary are both particular about what they eat.
Both Tom and Mary are out of work.
Tom and Mary are both out of work.
Both Tom and Mary are older than you.
Tom and Mary are both older than you.
Both Tom and Mary are old enough to know better.
Both Tom and Mary are OK.
Tom and Mary are both OK.
Both Tom and Mary are nonsmokers.
Tom and Mary are both nonsmokers.
Both Tom and Mary are nervous.
Tom and Mary are both nervous.
Both Tom and Mary are married, but not to each other.
Both Tom and Mary are making good money.
Tom and Mary are both making good money.
Both Tom and Mary are learning French.
Tom and Mary are both learning French.
Both Tom and Mary are lawyers.
Tom and Mary are both lawyers.
Both Tom and Mary are insane.
Tom and Mary are both insane.
Both Tom and Mary are in their thirties.
Both Tom and Mary are in their late thirties.
Tom and Mary are both in their late thirties.
Both Tom and Mary are in their early thirties.
Tom and Mary are both in their early thirties.
Both Tom and Mary are in the library.
Tom and Mary are both in the library.
Both Tom and Mary are in the hospital.
Both Tom and Mary are in the garden.
Tom and Mary both are in the garden.
Both Tom and Mary are in really bad shape.
Tom and Mary are both in really bad shape.
Both Tom and Mary are hoping nothing bad happens.
Tom and Mary are both hoping nothing bad happens.
Both Tom and Mary are high school students.
Tom and Mary are both high school students.
Both Tom and Mary are here with me.
Tom and Mary are both here with me.
Both Tom and Mary are healthy.
Tom and Mary are both healthy.
Both Tom and Mary are grinning.
Tom and Mary are both grinning.
Tom and Mary are both good chess players.
Both Tom and Mary are good at French.
Both Tom and Mary are going.
Tom and Mary are both going.
Both Tom and Mary are going to prison.
Tom and Mary are both going to prison.
Both Tom and Mary are going to be there.
Tom and Mary are both going to be there.
Both Tom and Mary are full-time students.
Both Tom and Mary are facing the same way.
Tom and Mary are both facing the same way.
Both Tom and Mary are exhausted.
Tom and Mary are both exhausted.
Both Tom and Mary are drunk.
Both Tom and Mary are doing fine.
Both Tom and Mary are dirty.
Tom and Mary are both dirty.
Both Tom and Mary are crazy.
Tom and Mary are both crazy.
Both Tom and Mary are conservative.
Tom and Mary are both conservative.
Both Tom and Mary are college students.
Both Tom and Mary are carpenters.
Tom and Mary are both carpenters.
Both Tom and Mary are busy today.
Tom and Mary are both busy today.
Both Tom and Mary are aware of the risks involved.
Tom and Mary are both aware of the risks involved.
Both Tom and Mary are awake.
Tom and Mary are both awake.
Both Tom and Mary are artists.
Tom and Mary are both artists.
Both Tom and Mary are angry.
Tom and Mary are both angry.
Both Tom and Mary are ambitious.
Tom and Mary are both ambitious.
Both Tom and Mary are alcoholics.
Tom and Mary are both alcoholics.
Both Tom and Mary are afraid of John's dog.
Tom and Mary are both afraid of John's dog.
Both Tom and Mary are adults.
Tom and Mary are both adults.
Both Tom and Mary are able to speak French.
Both Tom and Mary are a little busy.
Tom and Mary are both a little busy.
Both Tom and Mary are a little busy right now.
Tom and Mary are both a little busy right now.
Both Tom and Mary are a little bit crazy.
Tom and Mary are both a little bit crazy.
Both Tom and Mary almost drowned.
Tom and Mary both almost drowned.
Both Tom and Mary almost died in the accident.
Tom and Mary both almost died in the accident.
Both Tom and Mary agreed.
Both Tom and Mary agreed with John.
Tom and Mary both agreed with John.
Both Tom and Mary agree with you.
Tom and Mary both agree with you.
Both Tom and Mary admitted that they were lonely.
Tom and Mary both admitted that they were lonely.
Both Tom and John say they've kissed Mary.
Tom and John both say they've kissed Mary.
Both Tom and John said they wished they hadn't let Mary kiss them.
Tom and John both said they wished they hadn't let Mary kiss them.
Both Tom and John said they were in love with Mary.
Tom and John both said they were in love with Mary.
Both Tom and John said they didn't want to dance with Mary.
Tom and John both said they didn't want to dance with Mary.
Both Tom and John have beards.
Tom and John both have beards.
Both Tom and John are in love with Mary.
Tom and John are both in love with Mary.
Both of us saw Tom.
Both of us love Tom.
Both of us know what happened to Tom.
Both of us know Tom did that.
Both of us hate Tom.
Both of us agreed with Tom.
Both of the songs that we sang tonight were written by Tom.
Do both Tom and John have beards?
Do Tom and John both have beards?
Aren't both Tom and Mary from Boston?
Aren't Tom and Mary both from Boston?
Aren't Tom and Mary both Canadians?
Aren't both Tom and Mary both Canadians?
Are both Tom and Mary still single?
Are Tom and Mary both still single?
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be surprised.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be surprised.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be unimpressed.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be unimpressed.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be asleep.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be asleep.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be married.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be married.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be rich.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be rich.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be single.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be single.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be unmarried.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be unmarried.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be divorced.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be divorced.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be fascinated.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be fascinated.
Tom told Mary that she should quit pretending to be handicapped.
Tom told Mary that she should stop pretending to be handicapped.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't excited.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was excited.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't exhausted.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was exhausted.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't pleased.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was pleased.
Tom told Mary that he thought John wasn't tough.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think John was tough.
Tom and I both drew our guns.
Both Tom and I drew our guns.
Tom and I both have very few friends.
Both Tom and I have very few friends.
Tom and I both wanted a lot of children.
Both Tom and I wanted a lot of children.
Tom and I both noticed Mary at the same time.
Both Tom and I noticed Mary at the same time.
Tom and I both come from dysfunctional families.
Both Tom and I come from dysfunctional families.
Tom and I are both very excited.
Both Tom and I are very excited.
Tom and I are both good swimmers.
Both Tom and I are good swimmers.
Tom and I are both horrible liars.
Both Tom and I are horrible liars.
Tom and I were both wearing rubber gloves.
Both Tom and I were wearing rubber gloves.
Tom and I were both talking at the same time.
Both Tom and I were talking at the same time.
No one saw Tom laugh.
Nobody saw Tom laugh.
We're planning to stay together.
We're planning on staying together.
Tom and Mary were planning to stay together.
Tom and Mary were planning on staying together.
Tom and Mary plan to stay together.
Tom and Mary plan on staying together.
Tom and Mary don't plan to stay together.
Tom and Mary don't plan on staying together.
Tom and Mary aren't planning to stay together.
Tom and Mary aren't planning on staying together.
Tom and Mary are planning to stay together.
Tom and Mary are planning on staying together.
Tom and I are planning to stay together.
Tom and I are planning on staying together.
Does everyone in your family do that?
Does everybody in your family do that?
Tom may be kissing Mary now.
Tom might be kissing Mary now.
It takes about thirty minutes to get to my school by bus.
It takes about thirty minutes by bus to get to my school.
I'm not the most popular kid in school, but I have a lot of friends.
I'm not the most popular kid in school, but I have lots of friends.
I'm not planning on doing that until Tom asks me to.
I'm not planning to do that until Tom asks me to.
I wasn't planning on doing that until Tom asked me to.
I wasn't planning to do that until Tom asked me to.
I need to know what time you're planning to do that.
I need to know what time you're planning on doing that.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning to go to Boston.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning on going to Boston.
I think Tom and Mary will be able to buy ice skates their sizes at the sports store near the art museum.
Tom pretended to be working on his computer, but in fact he was eavesdropping on the conversation.
Tom should probably tell Mary that she should be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom said he thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom will probably tell Mary that she should be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom said he thought that it would be a big mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said he wanted to know if you're planning on going to Boston with him next weekend.
Tom and Mary wondered what their lives would've been like if they'd married each other.
Tom wouldn't have helped Mary do that if he'd thought she could've done it by herself.
Tom and Mary spent a lot of time together and eventually fell in love with each other.
Tom was smart enough not to tell Mary what he really thought about her new hairstyle.
Tom usually fasts about 18 hours a day, from dinner until the following day's lunch.
I asked several people to do that for me, but none of them were willing to help me.
Tom and Mary have both been fired because they often showed up late for work.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me that he'd spent his summer vacation in Boston.
Tom should tell Mary that she should be more careful the next time she does that.
Tom couldn't speak French very well, so it was difficult to communicate with him.
Tom and John are both married to women who are three years younger than they are.
The police looked in Tom's locker, but didn't find what they thought they'd find.
Tom and Mary know each other so well that they can almost read each other's minds.
If you see Tom and Mary, don't forget to ask them how their children are doing.
Are you going to tell Tom what needs to be done or would you rather I told him?
I don't think Tom will get the job, because he doesn't have enough experience.
Tom went to college for a while, but dropped out after a couple of semesters.
Tom is beginning to see why he should've paid more attention in French class.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I asked several people for directions, but none of them were able to help me.
Are you going to tell Tom what he needs to do or would you rather I told him?
Tom said that what he'd done was a mistake and that he wouldn't do it again.
Tom looked into his knapsack and realized that his computer had been stolen.
Tom is working on something that needs to be finished by the end of the day.
Tom and Mary will be celebrating their silver wedding anniversary this year.
Tom wrapped a hot water bottle in a towel and placed it on Mary's forehead.
Tom said he wasn't surprised to hear that John and Mary had gotten married.
Tom lives in a small apartment with his parents and three younger brothers.
Tom and Mary were drunk and they both said some things they shouldn't have.
Tom and Mary aren't talking about you. They're talking about somebody else.
The teacher confiscated Tom's phone because he was caught texting in class.
I wasn't very good at French when I was in college, but I've gotten better.
I have an extra ticket for tonight's concert. Would you like to go with me?
I don't know when Tom and Mary got married, but I do know they got married.
Are you going to tell Tom what he has to do or would you rather I told him?
Tom speaks French so well that many people think it's his native language.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned on going bowling with John.
Tom didn't need to stay home to help us. We could've done it by ourselves.
Tom and Mary are good friends now, but they didn't like each other at first.
Tom and John are both married to women who are much younger than they are.
I think Tom is the one who's supposed to tell Mary not to do that anymore.
I certainly had no idea Tom and Mary were thinking about getting divorced.
Tom wanted to buy that painting, but I'd already sold it to someone else.
Tom told Mary that she should be more careful the next time she did that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where he'd spent his summer vacation.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do the same thing I wanted to do.
Tom wanted to give John and Mary something special on their anniversary.
Tom spends a lot of time on his phone, texting and emailing his friends.
Tom said that doing that was a mistake and that he wouldn't do it again.
Tom said he wanted to know whether you plan to come to his party or not.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on going to the prom with.
Tom is planning to have a Christmas party at his house on Christmas Eve.
Tom doesn't want to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Tom and Mary were both fired because they often showed up late for work.
Tom and Mary say they haven't seen John since he and Alice got divorced.
Tom and Mary look like teenagers, but they're both actually over thirty.
Tom and Mary are celebrating their silver wedding anniversary this year.
The couple I met in the park told me that their names were Tom and Mary.
I'm looking for an apartment within a five-minute walk from the station.
"Will both you and Tom be here tomorrow?" "I will be, but Tom won't be."
Uncle Tom is my mother's brother and Uncle John is my father's brother.
Tom says he's glad you're going to stay in Boston for another few days.
Tom said he'd be here three hours ago, but he still hasn't gotten here.
Tom said he wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistake he did.
Tom said he wanted to change out of his wet clothes into something dry.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned to go bowling with John.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned on doing that this week.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary about what had happened. She already knew.
Tom didn't seem surprised when Mary told him he didn't want to do that.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary about what had happened. She already knew.
Tom and Mary have both wanted to study French since they were thirteen.
Tom and Mary each drank three cups of coffee before they left for work.
Tom and Mary are moving things from their old house to their new house.
I wasn't able to talk Tom into baking a cake for Mary's birthday party.
Are you going to tell Tom what happened or would you rather I told him?
When they were young, Tom and Mary used to often go swimming together.
When they were in high school, Tom and Mary used to hang out together.
Tom said he wanted to make sure Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom said he wanted to know when we were going to come over and help him.
If you want to go to the movies tonight, perhaps Tom will go with you.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to tell Mary what to do that.
Tom wanted to go to the concert with Mary, but she didn't want to go.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to dance, but he was afraid that she'd say no.
Tom thought Mary was cute, but he was too shy to say anything to her.
Tom said he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that this morning.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom hiked his skirt up to mid-thigh and dipped his toes in the water.
Tom and John realized how small they were compared to the other boys.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been home since they graduated from college.
I've never been to Australia, but my father's been there three times.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he really put his mind to it.
I think Tom was the one who was supposed to show Mary how to do that.
I asked both Tom and Mary where John lived, but neither of them knew.
Australia is one of the most interesting countries I've ever visited.
Aunt Mary is my mother's sister and Aunt Alice is my father's sister.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary wanted him to meet her in the park.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned to do that this week.
Tom got out of the swimming pool and dried himself off with a towel.
Tom felt that Mary wasn't doing everything she should've been doing.
Tom didn't tell Mary what he really thought about her new hairstyle.
Tom and Mary are both too drunk to drive. Could you drive them home?
It's Tom's birthday tomorrow and I haven't bought him a present yet.
I've never met Tom, but I've spoken to him on the phone a few times.
I wasn't the most popular kid in school, but I had a lot of friends.
I got up very early this morning, but my father got up even earlier.
Either Tom or Mary probably has an extra pencil they could lend you.
Tom's phone was confiscated because he was caught texting in class.
Tom said that he wasn't really planning to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John didn't have to do that.
Tom said he wanted to find a place to live close to where he works.
Tom now knows why he should've paid more attention in French class.
Tom and Mary are expecting a lot of people to attend their wedding.
Tom and John have bought new suits, but they haven't worn them yet.
I sent the package to Tom yesterday, so he should get it by Monday.
Does Tom still think he's the only one here who can't speak French?
"Were Tom and Mary at the party?" "Tom was there, but Mary wasn't."
Tom's birthday is tomorrow and I haven't bought him a present yet.
Tom wanted to talk to you about what happened in Boston last week.
Tom said he didn't think he'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom probably doesn't know how much time Mary will want to do that.
Tom didn't have to think very long before he gave Mary his answer.
Tom and Mary spent three hours on the porch talking to each other.
Tom and Mary didn't get married until they were in their thirties.
Tom and Mary are really close and they tell each other everything.
Tom and John both became fathers when they were in their thirties.
If you have time, you should visit that new museum on Park Street.
I'm pretty sure that neither Tom nor Mary has ever been to Boston.
I bet Tom and Mary each thirty dollars that they couldn't do that.
When we were in high school, Tom and I used to hang out together.
When was the last time Tom and Mary went out for dinner together?
We're going on a picnic tomorrow. Would you like to come with us?
Tom wanted to buy a motorcycle, but his parents wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to buy a bass guitar, but he didn't have enough money.
Tom says he needs time to think about what he's going to do next.
Tom said he didn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on doing that with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary had bought her pearl necklace.
Tom is going to have a birthday party for Mary on Monday.
Tom has a scar on his wrist from when he tried to commit suicide.
Tom found an interesting book about Boston in the school library.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him why I didn't like Mary.
Tom bumped into Mary, causing her to spill her coffee on herself.
Does Tom still think he's the only one here who can speak French?
You should call your wife and tell her you'll be late for dinner.
Tom's teacher said that he needs to pay more attention in class.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John didn't want to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John didn't have to do that.
Tom said he wanted to find an apartment close to where he works.
Tom said he didn't think he could help you move the piano today.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on giving that to.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned on going with us.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom is waiting for Mary to finish doing what he asked her to do.
Tom is still waiting for Mary to do what she's been asked to do.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on going to the prom with.
Tom came into the room, took off his hat and coat, and sat down.
Tom and Mary were both fatter three years ago than they are now.
Tom and Mary sang a duet and John accompanied them on the piano.
It looks like both Tom and John haven't shaved in a couple days.
I think it was very unfair of Tom to criticize me for dong that.
I know Tom didn't need to do that, but I think he did it anyway.
I have an extra ticket for tonight's concert. Would you like it?
I definitely remember seeing a picture of Tom and Mary together.
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were writing a novel together?
After three hours, Tom and Mary ran out of things to talk about.
When they were kids, Tom and Mary did a lot of things together.
Tom will probably lie to Mary about where he spent the weekend.
Tom will probably end up in prison if he doesn't straighten up.
Tom will probably be very unfriendly after what you did to him.
Tom was happy that he could meet people from various countries.
Tom wanted to give Mary something special on their anniversary.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she didn't have to do that.
Tom said he wanted to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
Tom said he wanted to know why you're not working here anymore.
Tom said he wanted to do something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom said he still had some unfinished business to take care of.
Tom said he didn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that again.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that until next Monday.
Tom promised Mary he wouldn't say anything about what happened.
Tom pretended not to see Mary when he passed her on the street.
Tom is waiting for you to finish doing what he asked you to do.
Tom didn't need to tell me about what happened. I already knew.
Tom and Mary are competing against each other for the same job.
The dress that Mary bought yesterday doesn't fit her very well.
Let me give you my phone number in case you need to contact me.
If you see Tom and Mary, ask them how their children are doing.
I won't be able to get everything done that needs to be done.
I'd like to do that now, but Tom would rather wait until later.
I wasn't able to get everything done that I was supposed to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't want to do what I wanted to do.
I was surprised that Tom didn't need to do what I needed to do.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are getting married to each other.
Boston is one of the most interesting cities I've ever visited.
We're waiting for you to finish doing what we asked you to do.
We're going on a picnic tomorrow. Do you want to come with us?
Tom, Mary, John and Alice often play string quartets together.
Tom told me that Mary said she didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom told me it would probably take him a long time to do that.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he doesn't want to do that.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John wanted to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John needed to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said he had a very urgent matter to discuss with his boss.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could keep John from doing that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning to give that to.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning to do that with.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on staying with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said Mary thought John might want to do that this evening.
Tom is trying hard to finish doing that by the end of the day.
Tom is going to have a birthday party for Mary Monday evening.
Tom hoped that Mary would be well enough to come to his party.
Tom doesn't live far from us, but we don't see him very often.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to go bowling with John.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans on doing that this week.
Tom doesn't believe Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom and Mary made a list of things they wanted to do together.
Tom and John introduced me to their new girlfriends yesterday.
Tom and I are in the same class, but I've never spoken to him.
If your dog could talk, what do you think it would say to you?
I'm sorry for making you look stupid in front of your friends.
I wasn't aware that anything out of the ordinary had happened.
I used to play golf, but I quit playing about three years ago.
I thought Tom and Mary said they weren't going to get married.
I think Tom and Mary both said they've already read this book.
I don't think either Tom or Mary is ever going to get married.
I don't think I'd be able to forgive Tom if he did that to me.
I didn't know why Tom didn't want to do that until he told me.
Tom wants to go to the concert, but he doesn't have a ticket.
Tom wanted to go to the concert, but he didn't have a ticket.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that she needed to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might not want to do that this week.
Tom said he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could find the time to do that.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned to go with us.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom said Mary thought John might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that with John today.
Tom locked himself in his room and refused to talk to anyone.
Tom is usually busier in the summer than he is in the winter.
Tom is having a surprise party for Mary tonight at his place.
Tom is having a bachelor party for John at his place tonight.
Tom is going to need a little more time to finish doing that.
Tom is doing all he can to make sure it doesn't happen again.
Tom got the job because he can speak both French and English.
Tom doesn't live far from me, but I don't see him very often.
Tom didn't have to come into work today. I wonder why he did.
Tom and Mary were both born in Boston and they grew up there.
Tom and Mary both said they thought they could pass the test.
Tom and Mary are two of the most boring people I've ever met.
The doctor said that Tom didn't need to stay in the hospital.
My car isn't very reliable. I'm thinking of buying a new one.
It's going to be cheaper in the long run to use real leather.
I'm sure you could do that if you really put your mind to it.
I wasn't the only one in the room that couldn't speak French.
I wanted to talk with Tom yesterday, but I couldn't find him.
I think Tom needs to do that, even though he says he doesn't.
I couldn't decide which shirt to buy, so I didn't buy either.
Does Tom still think Mary would like to go to Boston with us?
You won't be able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
You look the same now as you looked the last time I saw you.
When was the last time Tom and Mary went to Boston together?
When the weather's bad, I usually stay at home and watch TV.
Tom's parents aren't going to let him go to Boston with you.
Tom wears the same clothes that all his friends are wearing.
Tom threw a cup of cold water on Mary's face to wake her up.
Tom said that Mary wasn't responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that he needed to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was planning on doing that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning on going with.
Tom is still waiting for Mary to do what he asked her to do.
Tom is a good tennis player, but he doesn't play very often.
Tom has been playing the piano since he was three years old.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wants him to meet her in the park.
Tom didn't need to tell me if he didn't want to, but he did.
Tom didn't need to get up as early today as he usually does.
Tom decided to buy Mary a pair of earrings for her birthday.
Tom and Mary were both much taller than I thought they'd be.
Tom and Mary are both having trouble with math, aren't they?
Tom and John might bring their wives and children with them.
That incident happened when both Tom and Mary were thirteen.
I wasn't able to get everything done that needed to be done.
I think Tom would be able to do that if he really needed to.
I know that Tom and Mary have never gone to Boston together.
I didn't know Tom and Mary used to be married to each other.
Do you mean you didn't know Tom and Mary had gotten married?
Are you going to tell Tom what needs to be done or should I?
Tom wanted to know if you're planning to come to his party.
Tom said that he was very certain that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he was really sleepy and wanted to go to bed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John had to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John wanted to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John needed to do that.
Tom said it would probably take him a long time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could find the time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that without our help.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning to stay with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning on staying.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said Mary knew John might not want to do that with her.
Tom met many other banjo players at the bluegrass festival.
Tom isn't likely to be able to do that without Mary's help.
Tom is working hard to get the project finished by October.
Tom is still trying to figure out what caused the accident.
Tom is just waiting for Mary to do what he asked her to do.
Tom is going to need more money to buy everything he needs.
Tom is going to need a few more hours to finish doing that.
Tom doesn't think he'd be able to do that without our help.
Tom doesn't know whether he'll have time to do that or not.
Tom doesn't have a phone, so it's difficult to contact him.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that this week.
Tom didn't want to tell me about what happened, but he did.
Tom didn't need to tell me about what happened, but he did.
Tom and Mary haven't talked to each other in quite a while.
Tom and Mary haven't contacted each other in quite a while.
Tom and Mary have been together for more than thirty years.
Tom and I won't be able to do that if Mary doesn't help us.
The instructions were too complicated for me to figure out.
It's going to be three months before our house is finished.
I won't be able to get everything done that has to be done.
I wanted to stay home, but Tom insisted that I go with him.
I think we should've turned left at that last intersection.
I think Tom already knows why Mary doesn't want to do that.
You don't need all of these. You should sell some of them.
Tom worked at one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Tom still studies French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom said that he was really glad that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't planning on getting there early.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that she had to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John would do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that John could do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she needed to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John wouldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John couldn't do that.
Tom said he knew Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that at school.
Tom said he didn't remember his parents ever spanking him.
Tom said he didn't know whether he'd have time to do that.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really planned to do that.
Tom is still trying to figure out what caused the problem.
Tom is going to have his house painted next month.
Tom is going to Boston next week with some of his friends.
Tom doesn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom doesn't remember people's names as well as he used to.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning on going to Boston.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take Mary to do that.
Tom didn't have to help us today, but he helped us anyway.
Tom can't speak French, and he can't speak English either.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom and Mary have both lost a lot of weight, haven't they?
The police are still trying to figure out how Tom escaped.
It's going to be impossible to get a visa on short notice.
I'd prefer to play basketball rather than play volleyball.
I'd prefer not to call Tom. I'd rather write him an email.
I'd like to go now, but Tom would rather wait until later.
I'd be curious to know what both Tom and Mary have to say.
I wasn't the only one who wanted to leave the party early.
I wasn't at school the day we had our class picture taken.
I wasn't able to stay in Boston as long as I'd planned to.
I usually drink coffee in the morning before I go to work.
I might be able to talk to Tom tomorrow, but I'm not sure.
I haven't spoken with Tom and Mary since they got married.
I don't need to call Tom. I wrote him an email last night.
I can't believe how bad the service at this restaurant is.
Does Tom still want to stay in Boston with us next summer?
Does Tom still want to go shopping with us this afternoon?
Could you please move those boxes from over there to here?
Both Tom and Mary weren't feeling well, so they went home.
Are you going to tell Tom what he needs to do or should I?
You weren't wearing your uniform the last time I saw you.
You can turn off the TV if you like. I'm not watching it.
Tom works at one of the most popular restaurants in town.
Tom told me last week that he was going to buy a new car.
Tom taught his children how to sing several French songs.
Tom should tell Mary that he doesn't want her to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't going to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that she would do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't certain that she could do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she wouldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she couldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he needed to do that.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that with John.
Tom said he didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom said he didn't think it would be possible to do that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was planning to do that.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was planning to go with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning on going.
Tom said he didn't know when he was supposed to be there.
Tom said he didn't know if he had enough time to do that.
Tom said he didn't have very much money on him right now.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary would do that by herself.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom returned the books that he borrowed from the library.
Tom realized how small he was compared to the other boys.
Tom needs to study harder if he wants to pass this class.
Tom isn't going to drive the children to school tomorrow.
Tom is pretty proud of what he's been able to accomplish.
Tom is going to leave a day earlier than he'd planned to.
Tom is going to Mary's birthday party tomorrow, isn't he?
Tom is a student at the university where I used to teach.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't find out about what had happened.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on doing that with.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take him to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him why I did that.
Tom didn't seem surprised when I told him where I'd gone.
Tom and Mary met while they were both visiting Australia.
Tom and Mary are both thirty, but they look much younger.
Nobody told us Tom and Mary were planning to get married.
It looks like we're going to have an interesting evening.
I'm not sure whether I really want that to happen or not.
I'll see you tomorrow evening unless I have to work late.
I wasn't tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf.
I wasn't able to get everything done that had to be done.
I wasn't able to get everything done that I wanted to do.
I wasn't able to get everything done that I needed to do.
I think Tom and Mary have fallen in love with each other.
I know Mary and Alice, but I've never met their husbands.
I gave Tom my phone number so he'd be able to contact me.
I don't think that either Tom or Mary has ever done that.
I don't think Tom wants to spend any more time in Boston.
I don't think Tom and Mary are ever going to get married.
I always thought Tom and Mary were married to each other.
Does Tom still think he'll be able to do that by himself?
Does Tom still think he'll be able to attend the meeting?
Do Tom and Mary like to listen to the same kind of music?
What are Tom and Mary going to do for their anniversary?
Tom will probably tell you some things that aren't true.
Tom wasn't really paying attention to what he was doing.
Tom wants to finish what he's doing before he goes home.
Tom tried to talk Mary into helping him do his homework.
Tom told me that he wanted to go to Australia next year.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows he doesn't want to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on getting there early.
Tom said that he wasn't going to leave tomorrow morning.
Tom said that he was really sure that he needed to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad that we could be there.
Tom said that he was really glad that he didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was going to go camping next weekend.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he couldn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John had to do that.
Tom said he wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom said he thought Mary might want to do that for John.
Tom said he didn't understand why anybody would do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that kind of thing.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that outside.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't really know how to do that very well.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary was getting married to.
Tom said he didn't know who Mary wanted to do that with.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning to stay.
Tom said he didn't believe you really wanted to do that.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that until 2:30.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom must've forgotten to do what he promised us he'd do.
Tom is still trying to figure out what needs to be done.
Tom is pretty happy with the way things have turned out.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on giving that to.
Tom doesn't have the time or the inclination to do that.
Tom didn't need to tell me twice what needed to be done.
Tom and Mary say they're thinking about getting married.
Tom and Mary said they've each had three glasses of wine.
Tom and Mary are two of the most generous people I know.
Tom and Mary are both high school students, aren't they?
Tom and I saw Mary yesterday in the park near our house.
The man I met in the park told me that his name was Tom.
The doctors did everything they could to keep Tom alive.
Perhaps when Tom and Mary are older they'll get married.
I've met that man before, but I can't remember his name.
I'm not tall enough to reach the books on the top shelf.
I won't be able to blow out all the candles on the cake.
I wasn't able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
I was told that I shouldn't believe everything Tom says.
I heard that Tom and Mary are going to get married soon.
I don't think I'll go out today because it's quite cold.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
Even Tom himself doesn't think he'll be able to do that.
Do you think Tom and Mary are ever going to get married?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary often travel together?
Are you going to tell Tom what he has to do or should I?
"Do you and Tom often do that?" "I do, but Tom doesn't."
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as I thought it would be.
Tom will probably spend the rest of his life in prison.
Tom wanted to go to college, but he couldn't afford to.
Tom wanted to finish eating before he talked to anyone.
Tom should probably tell Mary that he wants to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why she shouldn't do that.
Tom said that he was really sure that he could do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure that John would do that.
Tom said that Mary was planning on getting there early.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she had to do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John would do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that John could do that.
Tom said he didn't understand why anyone would do that.
Tom said he didn't think he had enough time to do that.
Tom said he didn't think he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would be able to do that.
Tom is trying to figure out a way to solve the problem.
Tom is ready to do exactly what you've asked him to do.
Tom is going to have to paint his barn again next year.
Tom is going to have a birthday party for Mary.
Tom has been living on a boat for the past three years.
Tom has been dealing with some very difficult problems.
Tom doesn't think he can help you move the piano today.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans on going with us.
Tom and Mary will be playing tennis together on Monday.
Tom and Mary haven't talked to each other in long time.
Tom and Mary both say they make thirty dollars an hour.
Tom and Mary are getting married three months from now.
Tom and Mary are celebrating their wedding anniversary.
Tom and Mary are both wearing what they wore yesterday.
Tom and Mary are both quite narrow-minded, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite conscientious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty conservative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both going to med school, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both doing what we asked, aren't they?
Tom and John never discuss their work with their wives.
Tom and I ran into each other in the library on Monday.
Let's not eat mashed potatoes for dinner again tonight.
It won't be any problem to reschedule your appointment.
It was a lot more difficult than I thought it would be.
I'm sure Tom didn't know he wasn't supposed to do that.
I'm sorry, but I can't come to your party next weekend.
I won't be able to stay in Boston as long as I want to.
I wasn't the only one who asked Tom to stop doing that.
I wasn't surprised to hear that Tom had gotten married.
I wasn't able to stay in Boston as long as I wanted to.
I was both tired and hungry when I got home last night.
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in Australia.
I think Tom would be able to do that if you helped him.
I still can't believe Tom and Mary are getting married.
I know that Tom and Mary have never done that together.
I know Mary and Alice, but I don't know their husbands.
I don't think either Tom or Mary has ever been in love.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were seeing each other.
You weren't wearing a uniform the last time I saw you.
When did you find out that Tom didn't need to do that?
When did you find out that Tom didn't have to do that?
Tomorrow's a holiday, so I don't have to get up early.
Tom won't be able to do that if Mary doesn't help him.
Tom will probably be glad that that's going to happen.
Tom will have to stay in the hospital for a few weeks.
Tom was supposed to call me last night, but he didn't.
Tom wants to live in a country where French is spoken.
Tom wanted to learn everything he could about animals.
Tom tucked Mary into bed and read her a bedtime story.
Tom took off his sweater and tied it around his waist.
Tom told Mary what he thought about her new hairstyle.
Tom should probably tell Mary he doesn't want do that.
Tom says he's going to find out what needs to be done.
Tom says he won't have time to do that until tomorrow.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows when he wants to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sure that she would do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she would do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that she could do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he had to do that.
Tom said he wasn't going to answer any more questions.
Tom said he had an interesting conversation with Mary.
Tom said he didn't think Mary wanted to do that again.
Tom said he didn't mind eating after the children ate.
Tom said he didn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary was planning to go.
Tom plays tennis well, but he doesn't play very often.
Tom is trying to do something that's impossible to do.
Tom is still trying to convince Mary to go to college.
Tom is probably the one responsible for what happened.
Tom is a good swimmer, but he doesn't swim very often.
Tom has convinced Mary to stay for another three days.
Tom has been training since he was thirteen years old.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to give that to.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to do that with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on staying with.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't know where Mary bought her pearl necklace.
Tom didn't need to tell me why because I already knew.
Tom didn't need to come here. He could've just called.
Tom didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom asked me not to park my car in front of his house.
Tom asked if Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom and Mary used to go fishing together, didn't they?
Tom and Mary said they take a walk together every day.
Tom and Mary have started talking to each other again.
Tom and Mary are both very good teachers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very good students, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still your friends, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still working here, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still in Australia, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really competitive, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good chess players, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both being very patient, aren't they?
The meeting wasn't as boring as I thought it would be.
Perhaps Tom and Mary shouldn't be doing that together.
Mary and Alice showed me pictures of their boyfriends.
It's too bad we didn't see Tom when we were in Boston.
It won't be any problem to reschedule the appointment.
In those days, Tom and Mary used to hang out together.
I've seen that guy before, but I can't remember where.
I'm not happy with how the painters painted my office.
I wasn't really trying to convince Tom to do anything.
I wasn't able to find the documents I was looking for.
I wasn't able to blow out all the candles on the cake.
I think we should get out of here as soon as possible.
I think Tom will like the presents you bought for him.
How many hours does it take to get to Boston by plane?
Do Tom and Mary like to watch the same kind of movies?
We have something special planned for Tom's birthday.
We didn't go to the party because we weren't invited.
Tom will probably do that as soon as you tell him to.
Tom went to the cemetery to visit his mother's grave.
Tom was afraid to tell his parents what had happened.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend when she was in high school.
Tom wanted to learn everything he could about Boston.
Tom wanted to ask you if you'd help him next weekend.
Tom slipped and fell as he was going down the stairs.
Tom should tell Mary that he doesn't want to do that.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows why he wants to do that.
Tom said that he was really worried about his future.
Tom said that he was really the first one to do that.
Tom said that he was really sure that he had to do that.
Tom said that he was really sorry for what he'd done.
Tom said that he was really interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going camping next weekend.
Tom said that Mary was glad that John didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary was certain that he could do that.
Tom said he wasn't sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he thought Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that by himself.
Tom said he didn't remember what happened that night.
Tom said he didn't remember seeing Mary at the party.
Tom said he didn't really know how to swim very well.
Tom said he didn't really know how to surf very well.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary was supposed to do.
Tom said he didn't ever win when he played badminton.
Tom said he didn't care whether we helped him or not.
Tom said he didn't care whether Mary did that or not.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom said Mary wants to do that before John gets here.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom isn't going to give Mary the money she asked for.
Tom is very satisfied with the work Mary did for him.
Tom is in the parking lot right now, waiting for you.
Tom is hoping to find a solution to the problem soon.
Tom is going to need a few more hours to finish this.
Tom is going to have to make some very tough choices.
Tom is going to have a lot more questions than we do.
Tom is going to go there the same way he always does.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't find out about what happened.
Tom has bought a new suit, but he hasn't worn it yet.
Tom doesn't think Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning on doing that.
Tom doesn't know how much time it'll take to do that.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary was the one who did that.
Tom didn't want to make the same mistake as Mary had.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom didn't get out of the car because it was raining.
Tom asked me if I really wanted to do that by myself.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked Mary if she really wanted to do that today.
Tom and Mary say they want to get married right away.
Tom and Mary said they want to write a book together.
Tom and Mary are never going to see each other again.
Tom and Mary are going to have a lot of fun together.
Tom and Mary are each going to need their own lawyer.
Tom and Mary are both very conservative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both telling the truth, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both prepared for this, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both already in Boston, aren't they?
Tom and John showed me pictures of their girlfriends.
The museum we went to yesterday was very interesting.
Should I tell Tom or would you rather he didn't know?
It's been three months since Tom escaped from prison.
If Tom didn't need to be here, he wouldn't have come.
If Tom didn't have to be here, he wouldn't have come.
I've never spoken to the old man who lives next door.
I'm not really trying to convince Tom to do anything.
I wasn't able to say everything that I wanted to say.
I thought you said you needed to do that by yourself.
I think Tom will like the present you bought for him.
I think Tom and Mary are going to be able to do that.
I really don't have time to deal with this right now.
I need to know what's likely to happen if we do that.
I don't usually walk to work, but I did this morning.
I don't think Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were already married.
I couldn't fall asleep, even though I was very tired.
I asked Tom and Mary why they'd never gotten married.
How did you find out that Tom didn't need to do that?
How did you find out that Tom didn't have to do that?
Do Tom and Mary like to do that same kinds of things?
Did you know that Tom and Mary got married last week?
Tom will probably still be interested in doing that.
Tom will probably be faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom will probably be better at doing that than Mary.
Tom will have the time to do that tomorrow, I think.
Tom was walking his dog when I saw him this morning.
Tom wanted to know how he could lose weight quickly.
Tom told John that he and Mary were getting married.
Tom thought Mary could do that if she had some help.
Tom studies French every evening for thirty minutes.
Tom says he's going to find out what has to be done.
Tom said that he was really glad that Mary did that.
Tom said that he wanted me to introduce him to Mary.
Tom said that Mary was sure that John would do that.
Tom said he wanted to buy a couple of sleeping bags.
Tom said he thought Mary wanted to do that for John.
Tom said he isn't going to eat until Mary gets home.
Tom said he didn't want to argue about this anymore.
Tom said he didn't think he was very good at French.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that right now.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would need to do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he didn't really know how to ski very well.
Tom said he didn't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom said he didn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said Mary thought she should do that by herself.
Tom said Mary knew John might want to do that today.
Tom lost control of his car and crashed into a wall.
Tom lives about three blocks from the train station.
Tom jumped into the pool and swam to the other side.
Tom is thinking about putting his house up for sale.
Tom is still trying to figure out why that happened.
Tom is still not sure why Mary wants him to do that.
Tom is much younger than the rest of his classmates.
Tom is eventually going to find out who killed Mary.
Tom is at the supermarket buying food for the party.
Tom is approximately the same age as the rest of us.
Tom doesn't think Mary would really want to do that.
Tom doesn't live here anymore. He's moved to Boston.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning on going with.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to go with us.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans on doing that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really did that by herself.
Tom didn't think he could do what needed to be done.
Tom asked Mary why she thought he wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary told me that they were already married.
Tom and Mary just told me they were getting married.
Tom and Mary can't stand being away from each other.
Tom and Mary both started speaking at the same time.
Tom and Mary aren't very likely to do that together.
Tom and Mary are going to name their daughter Alice.
Tom and Mary are both very competitive, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both usually punctual, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both staying with you, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really obnoxious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really conceited, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really ambitious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite overweight, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty conceited, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty ambitious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both a little nervous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both a little jealous, aren't they?
Tom and John say they miss their wives and children.
Tom and I are going to play handball this afternoon.
This road is very dangerous. Please drive carefully.
There have been many accidents at that intersection.
That's one of the problems we're still dealing with.
Mary and Alice showed me pictures of their husbands.
Last Monday was a holiday, so the banks were closed.
It's going to be three weeks before I see you again.
I've been invited to Tom's wedding, but Mary hasn't.
I wonder what it would be like to be married to Tom.
I wasn't the only one who got up early this morning.
I wasn't the one who advised Tom to stop doing that.
I wasn't surprised when Tom told me where he'd gone.
I wasn't getting any help from anyone, so I gave up.
I thought you said you needed me to do that for you.
I liked Tom and Mary better before they got married.
I like pinto beans, but I don't eat them very often.
I know that Tom and Mary have never danced together.
I know Tom and John, but I've never met their wives.
I have something special planned for Tom's birthday.
I had to stop at almost every light on the way here.
I didn't have enough cash, so I paid by credit card.
I can play the guitar. Tom can play the guitar, too.
Do Tom and Mary live in the same apartment building?
Do Tom and Mary like to read the same kind of books?
Are you going to tell Tom what happened or should I?
"Is Tom here?" "No, he left just a few minutes ago."
Tom will probably be really disappointed, won't he?
Tom wasn't at school last week because he was sick.
Tom wanted to know how long we're going to be here.
Tom wanted to buy a car, but he couldn't afford to.
Tom understands French better than he can speak it.
Tom thinks Mary is the prettiest girl in his class.
Tom takes his children to the park every afternoon.
Tom slipped and fell as he was getting off the bus.
Tom says he isn't yet sure what caused the problem.
Tom says he doesn't remember where he put his keys.
Tom said that he wasn't going camping next weekend.
Tom said that he wasn't angry, but that he was sad.
Tom said that he was really glad he didn't do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't the first one to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom said that Mary was sure that she would do that.
Tom said that Mary was planning to be here by 2:30.
Tom said he thought he should learn how to do that.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom said he didn't remember asking Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't really know how old his dog was.
Tom said he didn't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't care whether we did that or not.
Tom said he didn't care whether Mary stayed or not.
Tom said Mary thought he shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said Mary knew he wanted to do that by himself.
Tom said Mary knew he didn't want to do that again.
Tom now has to get up much earlier than he used to.
Tom lives near us, but we don't see him very often.
Tom isn't as good at doing that as he thinks he is.
Tom is very fortunate to have Mary working for him.
Tom is pleased with the way things have turned out.
Tom is only asking you to help him for a few hours.
Tom is one of the most boring people I've ever met.
Tom is here to make sure that doesn't happen again.
Tom is going to talk about that at today's meeting.
Tom is going to have steak and potatoes for dinner.
Tom has been working as a teacher for thirty years.
Tom has been getting some very interesting results.
Tom has already told Mary that he wants to do that.
Tom got up, took a shower, shaved, and got dressed.
Tom doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom doesn't remember his parents ever spanking him.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to stay with.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning on staying.
Tom didn't tell Mary that he'd been married before.
Tom didn't need to wear a suit and tie, but he did.
Tom didn't need to take a taxi. He could've walked.
Tom didn't need to speak. Mary did all the talking.
Tom didn't know that Mary didn't understand French.
Tom didn't have to take a taxi. He could've walked.
Tom criticized Mary for the way she was doing that.
Tom couldn't do that last week because he was sick.
Tom changed his number after breaking up with Mary.
Tom and Mary aren't very likely to travel together.
Tom and Mary aren't much different from each other.
Tom and Mary are definitely more than just friends.
Tom and Mary are both willing to help, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both studying French, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still teenagers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good guitarists, aren't they?
Tom and John both really wanted to dance with Mary.
There's no need to hurry. We've got plenty of time.
That's the house where both Tom and Mary were born.
Since Tom doesn't want to do that, Mary will do it.
Please be careful with this knife. It's very sharp.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should be doing that together.
I'm sure you could do that if you really needed to.
I'm not the only one who got up early this morning.
I'm not the one who advised Tom to stop doing that.
I wasn't very hungry, so I didn't finish my dinner.
I wasn't the only one who was permitted to do that.
I wasn't the only one who didn't get enough to eat.
I wasn't the only one at the party who fell asleep.
I wasn't supposed to tell Tom that Mary was coming.
I wasn't able to do everything that I wanted to do.
I thought you said that you didn't need to do that.
I might go shopping tomorrow, but I'm not sure yet.
I know that Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I haven't seen Tom and Mary since they got married.
I don't believe Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were your grandchildren.
I can't believe that Tom and John are grandfathers.
Does Tom still want me to drive him to the airport?
Does Tom still think that I should go talk to Mary?
Does Tom still think he'll be in Boston all summer?
Do you think Tom will get the job he's applied for?
Do you have a mop and a bucket that I could borrow?
Did you know that Tom and Mary have three children?
What's the real reason Tom didn't need to do that?
What's the real reason Tom didn't have to do that?
Uncle Tom and Uncle John are my mother's brothers.
Tom will probably travel to Australia next summer.
Tom will be helping me do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom was in a difficult situation, so I helped him.
Tom wanted to meet with you to discuss the matter.
Tom wanted to know where Mary went to high school.
Tom wanted to ask you some questions about French.
Tom used to like Mary, but now he can't stand her.
Tom told me that he thinks he's going to die soon.
Tom thought I might not want to do that by myself.
Tom should've told Mary that he wanted to do that.
Tom says he's having a lot of fun learning French.
Tom said that he was really interested in archery.
Tom said that he was really glad that he did that.
Tom said that he was really determined to do that.
Tom said that Mary was going camping next weekend.
Tom said he wasn't used to this kind of cold weather.
Tom said he was sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he was going to need a little more money.
Tom said he knew Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said he didn't want to live like this anymore.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would do that today.
Tom said he didn't remember asking you to do that.
Tom said he didn't really want to talk about this.
Tom said he didn't plan on going there by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan on going back there again.
Tom said he didn't often win when he played chess.
Tom said he didn't know if he had time to do that.
Tom said he didn't have time to do that right now.
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that right now.
Tom reminded Mary that he wanted to do that today.
Tom often says he won't be late, but he always is.
Tom lives near me, but I don't see him very often.
Tom isn't going to let Mary go to Boston with you.
Tom is the guy over there sitting near the window.
Tom is still trying to figure out what's going on.
Tom is still trying to figure out how to fix that.
Tom is ready to do his best in order to help Mary.
Tom is proud of what he's been able to accomplish.
Tom is probably still difficult to get along with.
Tom is making more money this year than last year.
Tom is interested in buying one of your paintings.
Tom is going to have to deal with this on his own.
Tom is going to do everything he can to find Mary.
Tom is going on a picnic tomorrow with his family.
Tom hasn't eaten any food for the past three days.
Tom has told Mary that he doesn't want to do that.
Tom has a car, but he doesn't drive it very often.
Tom doesn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom doesn't want to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is planning to do that.
Tom doesn't know if he has enough time to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would do that by herself.
Tom asked if I really wanted to do that by myself.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that right now.
Tom and Mary weren't talking about the same thing.
Tom and Mary showed me pictures of their children.
Tom and Mary showed each other their photo albums.
Tom and Mary said they didn't want to get married.
Tom and Mary never told me that they were married.
Tom and Mary are still getting to know each other.
Tom and Mary are going to get married next summer.
Tom and Mary are both good at French, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both going to be OK, aren't they?
There wasn't any money in the wallet that I found.
The new restaurant on Park Street isn't very good.
The house next door has been empty for many years.
Please tell Tom to buy some bread on the way home.
My parents gave me a new computer for my birthday.
I've known Tom and Mary since they were both kids.
I've decided to accept the job they've offered me.
I'm not the only one who didn't get enough to eat.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't need to do that.
I'm not surprised that Tom didn't have to do that.
I want to hear what both Tom and Mary have to say.
I thought Tom and Mary were married to each other.
I saw Tom at the party, but I didn't speak to him.
I know you probably didn't really need to do that.
I know Tom and John, but I don't know their wives.
I hope we have good weather for the next few days.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary did that together.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were both still single.
I didn't get the job, even though I was qualified.
How long have Tom and Mary been seeing each other?
Do both Tom and Mary have a key to your apartment?
Do Tom and Mary like to eat the same kind of food?
What time do you have to get up tomorrow morning?
Tom will probably still be determined to do that.
Tom wasn't at work last week because he was sick.
Tom was sure Mary knew he didn't want to do that.
Tom wants to make sure that Mary doesn't do that.
Tom wanted to know what Mary was doing in Boston.
Tom wanted to know how you're going to get there.
Tom usually watches CNN while he's eating dinner.
Tom thought Mary wasn't influential, but she was.
Tom studies French at least thirty minutes a day.
Tom should've told Mary why he wanted to do that.
Tom says he's going to wait and see what happens.
Tom says he hopes Mary knows he wants to do that.
Tom said that he was really reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he was really motivated to do that.
Tom said he wasn't used to this kind of hot weather.
Tom said he thought he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he isn't used to this kind of cold weather.
Tom said he didn't think that would happen today.
Tom said he didn't remember asking me to do that.
Tom said he didn't really know where he was born.
Tom said he didn't really expect you to help him.
Tom said he didn't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary didn't like him.
Tom said he didn't know when the meeting started.
Tom said he didn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom said he didn't know any other way to do that.
Tom said he didn't care whether we stayed or not.
Tom said he didn't believe you'd do that for him.
Tom said Mary wants to do that before she leaves.
Tom said Mary thought he should do that tomorrow.
Tom noticed that Mary wasn't wearing any jewelry.
Tom met many other artists when he was in Boston.
Tom isn't going to be getting much sleep tonight.
Tom isn't doing anything you wouldn't approve of.
Tom is waiting for you to finish getting dressed.
Tom is trying to find out why we need to do that.
Tom is trying to find out why we have to do that.
Tom is still trying to find out where Mary lives.
Tom is seriously thinking about moving to Boston.
Tom is playing soccer with his friends somewhere.
Tom is moving to Boston at the end of this month.
Tom is going to take the bus that leaves at 2:30.
Tom invited us to his party, but we're not going.
Tom hopes to find a solution to the problem soon.
Tom hoped that Mary would be well enough to come.
Tom has two sisters. Both of them live in Boston.
Tom had a very expensive watch on his right hand.
Tom goes drinking with his friends every weekend.
Tom doesn't want to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom doesn't think he could do that kind of thing.
Tom doesn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't really know how to do that very well.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to go with.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning on going.
Tom doesn't know how much time Mary will be here.
Tom doesn't even know that what he did was wrong.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really wants to do that.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really plans to do that.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
Tom didn't want to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom didn't want to do that, but he did it anyway.
Tom didn't want to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom didn't need to spend as much money as he did.
Tom didn't need to do that, but he did it anyway.
Tom didn't have to spend as much money as he did.
Tom didn't have to come here, but he came anyway.
Tom asked me if I wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked me if I really wanted to do that today.
Tom asked if Mary wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked if Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom and his brother have different personalities.
Tom and Mary never told me why they got divorced.
Tom and Mary both think they'll get straight A's.
Tom and Mary aren't very likely to sing together.
Tom and Mary are just getting to know each other.
Tom and Mary are getting married in three months.
Tom and Mary are both very talented, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very stubborn, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very outgoing, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very generous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very friendly, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very creative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very careless, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very busy now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very annoying, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both troublemakers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really strong, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really hungry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite nervous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite liberal, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both in your class, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both in Boston now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good teachers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good students, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both getting ready, aren't they?
There wasn't enough time for us to do that today.
The movie wasn't as bad as I thought it would be.
The meeting's going to last at least three hours.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spent time in Australia.
It's going to be impossible to remove this stain.
I've lived in Boston since I was three years old.
I've just made some coffee. Would you like a cup?
I've just had lunch and I'm already hungry again.
I've decided to accept the job I've been offered.
I'm pretty sure that Tom isn't going to fire you.
I'm not supposed to tell Tom that Mary is coming.
I'm going to send my resume to several companies.
I wouldn't be surprised if Tom needed to do that.
I wonder why Tom and John don't have girlfriends.
I wasn't the only one who was allowed to do that.
I think Tom could do that if he really needed to.
I often have to repeat things when I talk to Tom.
I know that Tom and Mary went to Boston together.
I know that Tom and Mary studied French together.
I know that Tom and Mary didn't do that together.
I haven't yet told Tom that I'm going to do that.
I don't think Tom will pass today's history test.
I don't think Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't need to do that.
I didn't realize that Tom didn't have to do that.
I didn't have much fun at the party, but Tom did.
I can't believe Tom and Mary are getting married.
How long have Tom and Mary been working together?
Have Tom and Mary ever gone ice skating together?
Even Tom himself doesn't think he'll get the job.
Didn't you know Tom didn't want to be here today?
Didn't you know Tom didn't need to be here today?
Did you really think I wouldn't help you do that?
As far as I know, Tom and Mary are still married.
Are you going to tell Tom what to do or should I?
What kind of things do Tom and Mary do together?
Tom wrapped the blanket around Mary's shoulders.
Tom will probably still be reluctant to do that.
Tom will probably still be motivated to do that.
Tom will probably still be desperate to do that.
Tom will be in Boston until the end of the week.
Tom was having trouble, so I agreed to help him.
Tom wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom wanted to know what we're planning on doing.
Tom wanted to know if you have any time to help.
Tom wanted to know if he can come over and play.
Tom wanted to help, but wasn't exactly sure how.
Tom understands French better than he speaks it.
Tom told me that he'd drive Mary to the airport.
Tom says he's going to need a little more money.
Tom said that he wasn't the last one to do that.
Tom said that he was really hesitant to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to be very late.
Tom said that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said he wasn't expecting any help from Mary.
Tom said he was waiting for something to happen.
Tom said he was looking for a guy wearing a hat.
Tom said he wanted to spend more time with Mary.
Tom said he thought he was too young to do that.
Tom said he isn't used to this kind of hot weather.
Tom said he didn't want to go to Boston with us.
Tom said he didn't want to be a janitor anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to ask Mary to help him.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that today.
Tom said he didn't really know how old Mary was.
Tom said he didn't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that this week.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary was doing that.
Tom said he didn't intend to ever do that again.
Tom said he didn't blame Mary for what happened.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary really did that.
Tom practiced his speech in front of the mirror.
Tom is trying to find a solution to the problem.
Tom is sure Mary knew he didn't want to do that.
Tom is struggling to pay back his student loans.
Tom is staying over at a friend's house tonight.
Tom is going to want to talk to Mary about that.
Tom is going to have to deal with that tomorrow.
Tom is going to be here for a couple more hours.
Tom has only asked us to do that for a few days.
Tom has made several very big mistakes recently.
Tom has a car, but he doesn't use it very often.
Tom grew up in a small town not far from Boston.
Tom doesn't want to eat Italian food for dinner.
Tom doesn't think it'll be that easy to do that.
Tom doesn't think he has enough time to do that.
Tom doesn't think he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom doesn't know why Mary wanted him to do that.
Tom doesn't know who Mary wants to do that with.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning to stay.
Tom doesn't know when he's supposed to be there.
Tom didn't want to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom didn't want Mary to know where he was going.
Tom didn't really know why Mary didn't like him.
Tom didn't need to stop doing what he was doing.
Tom didn't need to do that if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't have to stop doing what he was doing.
Tom asked me not to park my car in his driveway.
Tom and Mary have never sung together in public.
Tom and Mary have both been charged with murder.
Tom and Mary have been studying French together.
Tom and Mary have been married for three months.
Tom and Mary are going to have to work together.
Tom and Mary are both very unlucky, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very unhappy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very patient, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very nervous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very helpful, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very careful, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both swimming now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both studying now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still single, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still hungry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both still asleep, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really smart, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really happy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really angry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite strong, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both good singers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both angry at you, aren't they?
Tom accepted the job in spite of the low salary.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone shopping recently.
It's going to be boring if I don't do something.
I've had a headache since I got up this morning.
I'm telling you this because Tom is your friend.
I'm supposed to meet Tom at the airport at 2:30.
I'm saving up money for a trip around the world.
I'm going to go buy a couple of loaves of bread.
I'd rather be a taxi driver than a truck driver.
I'd be interested to know what Tom's opinion is.
I was sick yesterday, so I spent all day in bed.
I think we invited too many people to our party.
I think Tom and John look better without beards.
I might be able do that today, but I'm not sure.
I know that Tom and Mary didn't travel together.
I had trouble finding a place to live in Boston.
I don't think I'll buy this. It's too expensive.
I don't play the guitar very well, but Tom does.
I don't like this kind of weather, but Tom does.
I didn't tell Tom why we didn't want to do that.
I didn't know that you were born in Boston, too.
I didn't know that you didn't understand French.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary worked together.
Even Tom doesn't think he'll be able to do that.
Doing that shouldn't take too much of your time.
Does Tom still think he doesn't need to do that?
Does Tom still think he doesn't have to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom didn't need to do that?
Didn't you know that Tom didn't have to do that?
What's Tom going to do when he finishes school?
Tom won't be able to get permission to do that.
Tom will probably still be hesitant to do that.
Tom will probably be troubled by what happened.
Tom will probably be the first one to be fired.
Tom will probably be able to manage to do that.
Tom will be staying in Boston for three months.
Tom will be doing that this afternoon for sure.
Tom was painting the fence yesterday afternoon.
Tom wants to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom wanted to follow in his father's footsteps.
Tom turned off the light when he left the room.
Tom told me it was too hard for him to do that.
Tom thought Mary was listening, but she wasn't.
Tom says he won't leave until he talks to Mary.
Tom says he isn't yet sure what the problem is.
Tom said that his new job was very interesting.
Tom said that he was really tempted to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary did that.
Tom said that he was really anxious to do that.
Tom said that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said he wasn't sure Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said he wasn't expecting any help from you.
Tom said he wants to spend more time with Mary.
Tom said he hoped he wasn't going to get fired.
Tom said he didn't want to go skiing with Mary.
Tom said he didn't want to ask Mary to do that.
Tom said he didn't want me hanging around here.
Tom said he didn't think he could ever do that.
Tom said he didn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he didn't plan to go there by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan to go back there again.
Tom said he didn't know how Mary would do that.
Tom said he didn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Tom said he didn't believe you really did that.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that sometime today.
Tom isn't really going out in this rain, is he?
Tom isn't likely to find what he's looking for.
Tom isn't going to let anything happen to Mary.
Tom isn't going to leave Mary there by herself.
Tom isn't exactly sure what he should be doing.
Tom is waiting for you to finish getting ready.
Tom is the one who's supposed to be doing that.
Tom is supposed to meet Mary in thirty minutes.
Tom is supposed to be helping Mary do that now.
Tom is much shorter than all of his classmates.
Tom is having the same problems Mary is having.
Tom is going to rent a car and drive to Boston.
Tom is going to find out what needs to be done.
Tom is going to do what Mary said he should do.
Tom is going to do things the way we suggested.
Tom is going to do that the way he always does.
Tom is going to be meeting Mary in three hours.
Tom is doing exactly what Mary asked him to do.
Tom is actually on his way to Boston right now.
Tom invited me to his party, but I'm not going.
Tom has two brothers. Both of them are doctors.
Tom has already told Mary what she ought to do.
Tom found out that Mary used to live in Boston.
Tom fasted for three days, only drinking water.
Tom doesn't want to be the next one to do that.
Tom doesn't want to be a professional musician.
Tom doesn't think it'll be possible to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom doesn't mind eating after the children eat.
Tom doesn't believe you really want to do that.
Tom didn't want to leave, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want anything bad to happen to Mary.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary. She already knew.
Tom didn't become a father until he was thirty.
Tom did everything he could to make Mary happy.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to do that today.
Tom asked Mary why she wanted to do that again.
Tom and Mary weren't able to agree on anything.
Tom and Mary spent a romantic evening together.
Tom and Mary never mentioned they were married.
Tom and Mary didn't do that together, did they?
Tom and Mary are very lucky to have each other.
Tom and Mary are going back to Boston together.
Tom and Mary are both very strong, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both trustworthy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both really busy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both from Boston, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both angry at me, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are approximately the same weight.
Tom and Mary are approximately the same height.
Tom and John showed me pictures of their wives.
Tom and John said they didn't want girlfriends.
There was a fire in our neighborhood last week.
The new restaurant on Park Street is very good.
That's a good idea. Why didn't I think of that?
Sometimes I can't even read my own handwriting.
Should I tell Tom or would you rather I didn't?
Perhaps Tom and Mary ought to do that together.
Our class is going on a field trip next Monday.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gone fishing recently.
Neither Tom nor Mary has found a job in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has begun studying French.
It was obvious that Tom didn't need to do that.
It doesn't cost much to eat at that restaurant.
I'm sure you could do that if you really tried.
I'm not sure whether I really want that or not.
I wasn't willing to do what Tom asked me to do.
I want you to call me as soon as you get there.
I thought you said you needed to do that today.
I thought you said Tom wasn't going to be here.
I think Tom and Mary are married to each other.
I still can't believe Tom and Mary got married.
I sometimes walk to school, but Tom never does.
I might be able to get you a couple of tickets.
I don't think Tom rides his motorcycle anymore.
I don't know when Tom is leaving for Australia.
Everyone except Tom and John was wearing a tie.
Does Tom still think that's what we want to do?
Does Tom still think that's all he needs to do?
Didn't you know that Tom and Mary were married?
Tom's parents don't go to church, but he does.
Tom works eight hours a day, five days a week.
Tom will probably still be willing to do that.
Tom will be working the night shift on Monday.
Tom will be playing tennis tomorrow afternoon.
Tom will be going back to Australia next week.
Tom will be flying back to Boston on the 20th.
Tom was fortunate that he was able to do that.
Tom wanted to talk to you about what happened.
Tom wanted to know when we're going to Boston.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did last weekend.
Tom wanted to know if you'll be ready by 2:30.
Tom told me that he wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told Mary that he wanted to do that today.
Tom studied electrical engineering in college.
Tom should tell Mary that he wants to do that.
Tom shared his bedroom with his older brother.
Tom says he isn't going to eat anything today.
Tom said that he wasn't going to be very late.
Tom said that Mary wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't having a lot of fun.
Tom said that Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said he's very sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he was expecting Mary any minute now.
Tom said he wanted to learn more about Boston.
Tom said he knew Mary might do that on Monday.
Tom said he isn't going to buy anything today.
Tom said he hoped Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said he didn't want to go to school today.
Tom said he didn't think he could do that now.
Tom said he didn't really know how to do that.
Tom said he didn't really know how old he was.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom said he didn't need to do that right away.
Tom said he didn't know what made him do that.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary ought to do.
Tom said he didn't know anything about Boston.
Tom said he didn't have time to eat right now.
Tom said he didn't have the energy to do that.
Tom said he didn't have any desire to do that.
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that again.
Tom said Mary knew he wanted to do that again.
Tom probably won't find what he's looking for.
Tom often wakes up in the middle of the night.
Tom managed to sleep a few hours on the plane.
Tom isn't going to leave Mary here by herself.
Tom isn't going to find what he's looking for.
Tom isn't a friend. He's just an acquaintance.
Tom is waiting for Mary to make that decision.
Tom is very concerned about what might happen.
Tom is trying to find out what he needs to do.
Tom is still not sure why he needs to do that.
Tom is still determined to do that by himself.
Tom is sitting in the shade of the apple tree.
Tom is one of the most generous people I know.
Tom is more scared of you than you are of him.
Tom is lucky Mary is here to help him do that.
Tom is looking for a way to solve the problem.
Tom is going to have a goodbye party for Mary.
Tom is going to build a wall around his house.
Tom is going to be here for a couple of hours.
Tom is facing a much bigger problem than that.
Tom is doing something he's never done before.
Tom has two sisters. Both of them are married.
Tom has read every book in the school library.
Tom has decided to give Mary another chance.
Tom got out of the pool and dried himself off.
Tom got angry when he saw what Mary was doing.
Tom doesn't want to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom doesn't want to be an electrical engineer.
Tom doesn't remember what happened that night.
Tom doesn't remember seeing Mary at the party.
Tom doesn't really know how to swim very well.
Tom doesn't really know how to surf very well.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like Boston.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is planning to go.
Tom doesn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom didn't want to be the last one to do that.
Tom could've protected Mary if he'd wanted to.
Tom asked me not to pitch my tent next to his.
Tom asked if I was willing to do that for him.
Tom asked if I wanted to do that this morning.
Tom asked if I really wanted to do that today.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to do that today.
Tom and Mary's marriage didn't last very long.
Tom and Mary didn't travel together, did they?
Tom and Mary didn't tell me they were married.
Tom and Mary aren't seeing each other anymore.
Tom and Mary aren't old enough to get married.
Tom and Mary aren't able to agree on anything.
Tom and Mary are very proud of their children.
Tom and Mary are going to name their son John.
Tom and Mary are both very smart, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both very angry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both quite rich, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty shy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both pretty old, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both overweight, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both doing that, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both carpenters, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both afraid of their fathers.
Tom and John moved to Boston with their wives.
Tom and John fell in love with the same woman.
Tom and John are both dating women named Mary.
Tom and John are both dating girls named Mary.
There usually isn't much traffic on this road.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to go back to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has moved back to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been studying French.
My parents are usually at home in the evening.
Mary and Alice fell in love with the same man.
It might rain, so take your umbrella with you.
I'm not willing to do what Tom asked me to do.
I'll take care of all the travel arrangements.
I'd rather watch a movie than a baseball game.
I wonder why Tom thinks Mary wants to do that.
I wasn't aware that Tom and Mary were married.
I was warned not to believe anything Tom says.
I want you to come straight home after school.
I thought Tom and Mary were dating each other.
I think you waste too much time playing games.
I think both Tom and Mary have done that once.
I think Tom should give Mary another chance.
I think Tom didn't need to do that by himself.
I promise I won't wake you up when I get home.
I know that Tom and Mary didn't sing together.
I don't think either Tom or Mary will do that.
I don't know whether I can believe Tom or not.
I didn't think it would be so easy to do that.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were your children.
I didn't enjoy my last job. That's why I quit.
I can't believe that Tom and Mary got married.
How many songs did Tom and Mary sing together?
Don't Tom and Mary usually eat lunch together?
Does Tom still think he'll be able to do that?
Does Tom still sometimes fall asleep in class?
Do Tom and Mary live in the same neighborhood?
Didn't Tom and Mary used to hang out together?
Did Tom and Mary go on lots of trips together?
All of Tom's friends thought that he was rich.
You coat is dirty. You should get it cleaned.
We had less snow here than usual last winter.
Tom will probably be chosen for the position.
Tom will be grilling fish for dinner tonight.
Tom wasn't able to take care of his children.
Tom was surprised to see Mary in the library.
Tom was confused and didn't know what to say.
Tom wanted to stay with us until next Monday.
Tom wanted to marry Mary and John's daughter.
Tom wanted to learn how to cook Chinese food.
Tom wanted to know why Mary did what she did.
Tom wanted to know what we're planning to do.
Tom wanted to know the cause of the accident.
Tom wanted to know if you've heard from Mary.
Tom wanted to go out to get something to eat.
Tom wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom walked into his room and closed the door.
Tom told me that he's already read that book.
Tom thought he'd be able to help us tomorrow.
Tom should tell Mary why he wants to do that.
Tom says he won't need to do that right away.
Tom says he won't have to do that right away.
Tom says he won't have to do that by himself.
Tom says he won't have time to do that today.
Tom says he hopes Mary won't want to do that.
Tom said that he was very willing to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he did that.
Tom said that he was really enjoying himself.
Tom said that he was really eager to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't willing to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't through doing that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't feeling very tired.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at today's meeting.
Tom said that Mary was going to be very late.
Tom said he wasn't used to this kind of weather.
Tom said he was desperate to find a solution.
Tom said he didn't want to work here anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to talk about school.
Tom said he didn't want to live in Australia.
Tom said he didn't want to ask Mary for help.
Tom said he didn't think he ought to do that.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that this week.
Tom said he didn't know where he should park.
Tom said he didn't know what he needed to do.
Tom said he didn't know if he had to do that.
Tom said he didn't intend to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't feel motivated to do that.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom promised me he'd help me paint my garage.
Tom never leaves the house without his phone.
Tom locked himself in the bathroom and cried.
Tom isn't going to answer any more questions.
Tom is trying to find out what we need to do.
Tom is trying to find out what we have to do.
Tom is too young to be doing that on his own.
Tom is the most patient person I've ever met.
Tom is supposed to be helping me do that now.
Tom is supposed to be helping Mary right now.
Tom is still trying to figure out what to do.
Tom is still looking for a house he can rent.
Tom is looking for a solution to the problem.
Tom is looking for a place to live in Boston.
Tom is here to make sure that doesn't happen.
Tom is here because he wants to talk to Mary.
Tom is going to play handball this afternoon.
Tom is going to love that hat you bought him.
Tom is going to have to ask Mary to help him.
Tom is going to find out what has to be done.
Tom is going to discuss that with Mary later.
Tom is getting the results that he hoped for.
Tom is getting married three months from now.
Tom is fortunate that he was able to do that.
Tom is doing everything Mary asked him to do.
Tom is approximately the same weight as Mary.
Tom is approximately the same height as Mary.
Tom is always asking me to do things for him.
Tom hates being disturbed when he's studying.
Tom has learned a lot about Boston from Mary.
Tom has done everything Mary asked him to do.
Tom has decided to give Mary a second chance.
Tom has already told Mary what she should do.
Tom has a pen, but he doesn't have any paper.
Tom explained his plan to both Mary and John.
Tom doesn't want to have lunch with me today.
Tom doesn't want to give his old car to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be a computer programmer.
Tom doesn't think Mary will enjoy doing that.
Tom doesn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom doesn't really know how to ski very well.
Tom doesn't plan on staying here much longer.
Tom doesn't know why the picnic was canceled.
Tom doesn't know where Mary wants to do that.
Tom doesn't know how to relax and enjoy life.
Tom doesn't ever win when he plays badminton.
Tom didn't want to tell me what had happened.
Tom didn't want to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom didn't want to be an electrical engineer.
Tom didn't need to tell me what had happened.
Tom didn't need to stay if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't need to sell any of his paintings.
Tom didn't need to help if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't need to get up as early as he did.
Tom didn't need to do that, but he wanted to.
Tom didn't need to come if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't need to ask anyone for directions.
Tom didn't let Mary do what she wanted to do.
Tom didn't know he should do that by himself.
Tom didn't have to sell any of his paintings.
Tom didn't have to do that, but he wanted to.
Tom didn't have to ask anyone for directions.
Tom criticized Mary for the way she did that.
Tom asked Mary if she had a driver's license.
Tom and Mary used to be friends, didn't they?
Tom and Mary told me they're getting married.
Tom and Mary told me they used to be married.
Tom and Mary spent a romantic night together.
Tom and Mary never told me they were married.
Tom and Mary never said they weren't married.
Tom and Mary are never here at the same time.
Tom and Mary are going to a concert together.
Tom and Mary are getting married next spring.
Tom and Mary are both talkative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both obstinate, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both obnoxious, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both in Boston, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both conceited, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both at school, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both ambitious, aren't they?
This is a very good book. You should read it.
The only thing Tom ever gave me was this hat.
The actual price was lower than I'd expected.
Tell Tom that if he's finished, he can leave.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should do that together.
Neither Tom nor Mary has worked in Australia.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been friendly to me.
Last Monday, Tom and Mary ate lunch together.
It's a pity that Tom and Mary aren't friends.
It was really kind of you to help me do that.
I've already spent all the money you gave me.
I'm pretty sure that Tom won't do that again.
I'm pretty sure that Tom is going to do that.
I'd like to be able to speak French fluently.
I was very impressed by the way Tom did that.
I want Tom and Mary working together on this.
I want Tom and Mary to work on this together.
I thought you said Tom and Mary were married.
I think snowboarding is more fun than skiing.
I think Tom should give Mary a second chance.
I promised I'd attend Tom and Mary's wedding.
I promise not to wake you up when I get home.
I promise I won't tell Tom about what we did.
I need to know what time you plan to do that.
I like garlic, but I don't eat it very often.
I hear Boston is very cold this time of year.
I haven't told Tom that I'm going to do that.
I have trouble staying awake during meetings.
I have something I have to do this afternoon.
I had a party last week, but Tom didn't come.
I don't usually do that, but I did yesterday.
I don't like either volleyball or basketball.
I didn't know that Tom and Mary were married.
Don't Tom and Mary often play chess together?
Does Tom still want to go to the zoo with us?
Does Tom still think that's going to be easy?
Does Tom still think that's all he has to do?
Does Tom still speak French better than Mary?
Does Tom still go to the same school as Mary?
Do Tom and Mary like the same kind of movies?
Did you know that Tom didn't need to do that?
Did you know that Tom didn't have to do that?
By the time I got to the bank, it was closed.
Why should Tom want Mary to do that for him?
When are you going to start learning French?
Tom won't be able to help you do that today.
Tom will probably want to stay until Monday.
Tom will probably go to Boston next weekend.
Tom will be leaving Boston tomorrow morning.
Tom will be flying back to Boston on Monday.
Tom was the only person who understood Mary.
Tom was sure Mary knew he wanted to do that.
Tom was late because his car ran out of gas.
Tom was asleep on the couch when I got home.
Tom wants the rest of the money you owe him.
Tom wanted to try doing something different.
Tom wanted to sell everything in his garage.
Tom wanted to learn how to play the trumpet.
Tom wanted to know what caused the accident.
Tom wanted to keep things the way they were.
Tom wanted to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom tried to talk Mary into raking his yard.
Tom told Mary that she should do that today.
Tom thought I wanted him to help me do that.
Tom stayed up all night texting his friends.
Tom should have no difficulty finding a job.
Tom shares an apartment with John in Boston.
Tom says he's glad you were able to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't having a lot of fun.
Tom said that he was really having much fun.
Tom said that Mary wasn't at home on Monday.
Tom said that Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom said he was very happy with the results.
Tom said he was very grateful for your help.
Tom said he isn't used to this kind of weather.
Tom said he didn't want to see Mary anymore.
Tom said he didn't want to do that with you.
Tom said he didn't think you should do that.
Tom said he didn't plan on going by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that again.
Tom said he didn't like chocolate ice cream.
Tom said he didn't know where Mary did that.
Tom said he didn't know what he ought to do.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary should do.
Tom said he didn't know anything about Mary.
Tom said he didn't have time to do that now.
Tom said he didn't feel like doing that now.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that pretty soon.
Tom said Mary doesn't want to do that today.
Tom paid for dinner and left the restaurant.
Tom lit the candles on Mary's birthday cake.
Tom learned how to ride a horse last summer.
Tom isn't the only one who's made a mistake.
Tom isn't going to make it into work today.
Tom isn't going to let Mary go to the party.
Tom isn't going to eat until Mary gets home.
Tom is waiting for you to finish doing that.
Tom is trying to fix that problem right now.
Tom is trying to find out why that happened.
Tom is trying to find out what he has to do.
Tom is the most boring person I've ever met.
Tom is still not sure what needs to be done.
Tom is spending the weekend on Mary's ranch.
Tom is really looking forward to doing that.
Tom is never going to see Mary again, is he?
Tom is looking for a man named John Jackson.
Tom is leaving for Australia in the morning.
Tom is hoping to have that done by tomorrow.
Tom is having a lot of trouble with his car.
Tom is going to need to buy a gift for Mary.
Tom is going to love the hat you bought him.
Tom is going to have to make some new rules.
Tom is going to have to do better than this.
Tom is going to have an interesting evening.
Tom is going to do what Mary told him to do.
Tom is doing everything he can to find Mary.
Tom is collecting blankets for the homeless.
Tom is approximately the same weight as you.
Tom is approximately the same height as you.
Tom is actually looking into that right now.
Tom is about thirty minutes behind schedule.
Tom invited his friends over for a barbecue.
Tom hasn't yet read that book, but Mary has.
Tom has written a lot of interesting things.
Tom has lost his keys three times this week.
Tom has been living in Boston since October.
Tom had to wait three hours for a tow truck.
Tom had a pen, but he didn't have any paper.
Tom drinks tea, but he doesn't drink coffee.
Tom doesn't want to go to the beach with us.
Tom doesn't want to continue working for us.
Tom doesn't think he can do that by himself.
Tom doesn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let John drive.
Tom doesn't think Mary does that very often.
Tom doesn't plan on going anywhere tomorrow.
Tom doesn't care whether we help him or not.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary how to do that.
Tom didn't want to spend any time with Mary.
Tom didn't want to have lunch with me today.
Tom didn't want to finish what he was doing.
Tom didn't want to do something he'd regret.
Tom didn't want to be a computer programmer.
Tom didn't want Mary to know where he lived.
Tom didn't know that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary traveled together, didn't they?
Tom and Mary left the room at the same time.
Tom and Mary had a romantic dinner together.
Tom and Mary did that together, didn't they?
Tom and Mary aren't supposed to be together.
Tom and Mary are getting to know each other.
Tom and Mary are both very shy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both teachers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both talented, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both students, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both stubborn, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both sleeping, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both reading the same book.
Tom and Mary are both prepared, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both gullible, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both generous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both creative, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both careless, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both busy now, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both annoying, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are approximately the same age.
Tom Jackson is the president of the company.
The bank was closed by the time I got there.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should travel together.
Neither Tom nor Mary has lived in Australia.
It's going to be nice to see everyone again.
It's going to be delivered tomorrow morning.
It was so noisy that I couldn't concentrate.
I'm tired of eating the same food every day.
I'm sorry I was late. It won't happen again.
I'm eating dinner now. Can I call you later?
I'd rather be too early than to be too late.
I'd like to help you, but I can't right now.
I wouldn't try to do that without some help.
I wouldn't try doing that without some help.
I told Tom it would be dangerous to do that.
I thought you said you needed me to do that.
I thought Tom and Mary were already married.
I think you waste too much time watching TV.
I think I should be able to find your place.
I promise not to tell Tom about what we did.
I need to know what'll happen if we do that.
I need to buy some food for tonight's party.
I know that Tom and Mary are both unmarried.
I have a problem remembering people's names.
I doubt that Tom and Mary are still married.
I don't want to share my ice cream with you.
I don't think Tom and Mary will get married.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were so close.
I came here because I wanted to talk to you.
I came here because I wanted to talk to Tom.
How do I get to the train station from here?
Have Tom and Mary ever gone hiking together?
Doing that won't take too much of your time.
Does Tom still want to know how we did that?
Does Tom still think he'll get into Harvard?
Does Tom still think Mary enjoys doing that?
Does Tom still plan on doing that with Mary?
Does Tom still have a key to your apartment?
Does Tom still go to the same school as you?
Does Tom still get along with his coworkers?
Does Tom still enjoy watching horror movies?
Do you think Tom will pass his driving test?
Do you think Tom and Mary are still married?
Do you think I should tell Tom everything?
Do both Tom and Mary have your phone number?
Do Tom and Mary read the same kind of books?
Do Tom and Mary like the same kind of music?
"I work in Boston." "I work in Boston, too."
Why would Tom want Mary to do that for him?
Who told you that Tom and Mary were dating?
Where does Tom want me to put his suitcase?
Were Tom and Mary together for a long time?
We can't let anyone know about what we did.
Tom will be staying there for three months.
Tom will be leaving early tomorrow morning.
Tom will be here until the end of the week.
Tom will be going to the dentist on Monday.
Tom wears the same color clothes every day.
Tom was the only one who didn't want to go.
Tom was the only one who didn't need to go.
Tom was the only one who didn't have to go.
Tom wants to make sure that Mary does that.
Tom wants to do that before Mary gets here.
Tom wants the rest of the money we owe him.
Tom wanted to spend time with his children.
Tom wanted to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom wanted to know why Mary didn't do that.
Tom wanted to know if I could speak French.
Tom wanted Mary to stay in Boston with him.
Tom told Mary what he thought of her ideas.
Tom thought that he'd never see Mary again.
Tom slid his sunglasses on top of his head.
Tom sends about thirty text messages a day.
Tom seems to be shocked that this happened.
Tom says he won't have time to do that now.
Tom says he isn't going to wait any longer.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in love with him.
Tom said that Mary wasn't going to be late.
Tom said that Mary wasn't enjoying herself.
Tom said that Mary was finished doing that.
Tom said he won't be buying anything today.
Tom said he wasn't exactly sure what to do.
Tom said he was looking for a place to eat.
Tom said he doesn't like this kind of food.
Tom said he didn't want to talk about that.
Tom said he didn't think he'd ever do that.
Tom said he didn't really know where to go.
Tom said he didn't really know what to buy.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom said he didn't plan on going this week.
Tom said he didn't plan on doing that here.
Tom said he didn't know when Mary was born.
Tom said he didn't intend to do that again.
Tom said he didn't have any concrete plans.
Tom said Mary was home in bed with the flu.
Tom said Mary didn't want to do that again.
Tom put Mary's drawing on the refrigerator.
Tom never discusses his work with his wife.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't always do that.
Tom knew he should've done that by himself.
Tom isn't the only one who's made mistakes.
Tom isn't the only one here who knows Mary.
Tom is too old to be doing that on his own.
Tom is taking a French class this semester.
Tom is sure Mary knew he wanted to do that.
Tom is supposed to be helping me right now.
Tom is supposed to be helping Mary do that.
Tom is still waiting for Mary to get there.
Tom is ready to do exactly as you've asked.
Tom is only thirty minutes behind schedule.
Tom is never going to do that again, is he?
Tom is likely to be about three hours late.
Tom is late because his car ran out of gas.
Tom is going to visit Mary in the hospital.
Tom is going to eventually figure this out.
Tom is doing things he's never done before.
Tom is definitely doing that the right way.
Tom is awfully sorry about what's happened.
Tom is approximately the same weight as me.
Tom is approximately the same height as me.
Tom hasn't talked to me since his accident.
Tom has told Mary that he wants to do that.
Tom has memorized a number of French songs.
Tom has been in the hospital since October.
Tom gave Mary a kiss and got on the bus.
Tom doesn't want to start his own business.
Tom doesn't want to finish what he's doing.
Tom doesn't want to come to Boston with us.
Tom doesn't think it's possible to do that.
Tom doesn't think it'll be easy to do that.
Tom doesn't think he's very good at French.
Tom doesn't think he can do that right now.
Tom doesn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom doesn't speak either French or English.
Tom doesn't really know how old his dog is.
Tom doesn't plan on going there by himself.
Tom doesn't plan on going back there again.
Tom doesn't know why Mary needs to do that.
Tom doesn't know if he has time to do that.
Tom doesn't get as much sleep as he should.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that right now.
Tom didn't want to wait for us, but he did.
Tom didn't want to go to the beach with us.
Tom didn't want to continue working for us.
Tom didn't want to answer Mary's questions.
Tom didn't need to wait for us, but he did.
Tom didn't need to go to Boston by himself.
Tom didn't have to go to Boston by himself.
Tom didn't have to go if he didn't want to.
Tom considered telling Mary not to do that.
Tom and Mary hardly ever agree on anything.
Tom and Mary do almost everything together.
Tom and Mary are getting married next week.
Tom and Mary are getting married in Boston.
Tom and Mary are both nervous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both married, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both leaving, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both lawyers, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both jealous, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both doctors, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both at work, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both at home, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are actually on the same team.
There weren't many people at Tom's concert.
The post office is within walking distance.
The Jacksons have three dogs and three cats.
That's going to have to be done over again.
Please tell Tom that Mary wants to do that.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to stay in Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to come to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to Australia.
It's going to be very difficult to explain.
It's going to be really lonely without you.
It's going to be a while until we're ready.
It's going to be a good experience for Tom.
It'll take about thirty minutes to do that.
It doesn't cost much to stay at that hotel.
It didn't snow as much as usual last winter.
I'm supposed to be helping Tom do that now.
I'm so glad Tom and Mary get along so well.
I'm having trouble finding a place to live.
I'd prefer to take a taxi rather than walk.
I'd like to rent your most inexpensive car.
I wonder why Tom doesn't have a girlfriend.
I wish I'd never given Tom my phone number.
I wasn't invited to the party, but Tom was.
I was told that Tom didn't want to do that.
I want you to come home right after school.
I understand French better than I speak it.
I think Tom was just trying to be friendly.
I think Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I think I went to school with your brother.
I know you probably didn't need to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary did that together.
I had no idea Tom wasn't telling the truth.
I doubt Tom and Mary will ever get married.
I don't think we should stay at this hotel.
I don't know when Tom and Mary got married.
I don't feel like going to the beach today.
I didn't realize Tom and Mary were married.
I didn't get any of the jobs I applied for.
I can see mountains from my bedroom window.
I always thought Tom and Mary were married.
How long have you and Tom known each other?
How could Tom have done such a crazy thing?
Does Tom still want me to teach him French?
Does Tom still think Mary is a good driver?
Do Tom and Mary usually eat the same thing?
Do Tom and Mary like the same kind of food?
Ask Tom if he wants me to help him do that.
Are you sure you know what Tom wants to do?
Are you sure you know what Tom needs to do?
You can turn the music off if you want to.
Would you like to go to the beach with us?
What's the best way to get to the station?
What's Tom going to do after he graduates?
We didn't have very much snow last winter.
We can't put off this decision any longer.
Tom's house isn't far from where he works.
Tom will have no difficulty finding a job.
Tom will be leaving for Boston in an hour.
Tom was sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom was lucky to have had help doing that.
Tom was going to tell Mary, but he forgot.
Tom was afraid he'd be eaten by a monster.
Tom wants to talk to you before you leave.
Tom wants Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom wanted to meet some of Mary's friends.
Tom wanted to know if you're free tonight.
Tom wanted to be a famous baseball player.
Tom used to have a guitar, but he sold it.
Tom told me that Mary was good at her job.
Tom thanked the police for protecting him.
Tom seems to be really curious about that.
Tom seems to be having a really good time.
Tom says he's tired of talking about Mary.
Tom says he'll answer that question later.
Tom says he won't have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't in love with Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't at home on Monday.
Tom said that he was really uncomfortable.
Tom said that Mary wasn't in love with me.
Tom said that Mary was willing to do that.
Tom said that Mary was through doing that.
Tom said that Mary was at today's meeting.
Tom said he was happy to be of assistance.
Tom said he was grateful for what you did.
Tom said he isn't here to talk about that.
Tom said he doesn't want to do that today.
Tom said he didn't want to see that movie.
Tom said he didn't think I should do that.
Tom said he didn't remember what happened.
Tom said he didn't really know what to do.
Tom said he didn't know what he should do.
Tom said he didn't know what he had to do.
Tom said he didn't know much about Boston.
Tom said he didn't know how Mary did that.
Tom said he didn't have to do that either.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom rides his bicycle to school every day.
Tom probably won't get much sleep tonight.
Tom made me swear not to tell his parents.
Tom knows Mary no longer wants to do that.
Tom isn't sure that's what he wants to do.
Tom isn't going to make it in time, is he?
Tom isn't going to get much sleep tonight.
Tom isn't as influential as he used to be.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come back home.
Tom is using an old bus as a storage shed.
Tom is the only person who understands me.
Tom is the only friend Mary has in Boston.
Tom is still not sure what should be done.
Tom is still not sure what he ought to do.
Tom is still not sure what he needs to do.
Tom is still not sure what has to be done.
Tom is smoking a cigarette on the balcony.
Tom is the one who broke the window yesterday.
Tom is lucky to have Mary working for him.
Tom is looking forward to your being here.
Tom is looking forward to seeing you soon.
Tom is looking forward to getting started.
Tom is here for the same reason that I am.
Tom is going to a cocktail party tomorrow.
Tom is getting a lot better at doing that.
Tom is fortunate that he can do that here.
Tom is better off now than he's ever been.
Tom is approximately the same age as Mary.
Tom hopes that he won't have to work late.
Tom has been trying to get a hold of Mary.
Tom has been here for the last three days.
Tom has apparently been arguing with Mary.
Tom gave Mary a kiss and got into his car.
Tom found some gold coins in his backyard.
Tom drove his children to soccer practice.
Tom doesn't want to play tennis with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go to graduate school.
Tom doesn't want to go shopping with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to do everything himself.
Tom doesn't want to become an electrician.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do that today.
Tom doesn't think Mary is able to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom doesn't really like this kind of food.
Tom doesn't really know where he was born.
Tom doesn't plan to stay here much longer.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that by himself.
Tom doesn't often win when he plays chess.
Tom doesn't like Mary calling him at work.
Tom doesn't know what Mary has been doing.
Tom doesn't know how to solve the problem.
Tom doesn't know anything about astronomy.
Tom didn't want to know what was going on.
Tom didn't want to go to Boston last week.
Tom didn't want to come to Boston with us.
Tom didn't want to answer those questions.
Tom didn't want Mary to come to the party.
Tom didn't realize Mary wanted to do that.
Tom didn't need to go to Boston last week.
Tom didn't need to do what Mary suggested.
Tom didn't need to answer those questions.
Tom didn't need to answer Mary's question.
Tom didn't have to tell me how to do that.
Tom didn't have to do what Mary suggested.
Tom didn't have to answer Mary's question.
Tom did something I never thought he'd do.
Tom could understand everything Mary said.
Tom and Mary weren't married at that time.
Tom and Mary were married for a long time.
Tom and Mary went on a long hike together.
Tom and Mary told me they weren't married.
Tom and Mary have different personalities.
Tom and Mary have decided to get divorced.
Tom and Mary got married thirty years ago.
Tom and Mary didn't understand each other.
Tom and Mary aren't related to each other.
Tom and Mary are studying French together.
Tom and Mary are here for the same reason.
Tom and Mary are going out again tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are both sleepy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both scared, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both hungry, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both asleep, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both OK now, aren't they?
This is a hard time for both Tom and Mary.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should sing together.
Let's open a window to get some fresh air.
Let me tell you something about my family.
Is that blue car outside your house yours?
Is it true that Tom and Mary were engaged?
I'm sorry for any trouble I've caused you.
I'm not sure why Tom wanted me to do that.
I'd like an apartment with three bedrooms.
I'd be interested to know what Tom thinks.
I wasn't willing to spend that much money.
I wasn't willing to pay such a high price.
I washed my hands because they were dirty.
I was warned not to believe what Tom said.
I was the one who was supposed to do that.
I turned off the light as I left the room.
I think Tom needs to buy some new clothes.
I think Tom didn't need to leave so early.
I think Tom didn't have to leave so early.
I think Tom could do that if he needed to.
I think I could do that if I really tried.
I sometimes walk to school, but not often.
I love your shoes. Where did you get them?
I know Tom is likely to regret doing that.
I hear Boston is pretty this time of year.
I have trouble remembering people's names.
I have something I need to explain to you.
I don't think you can do that by yourself.
I don't know what Tom was doing yesterday.
How do I get to the post office from here?
Haven't Tom and Mary ever danced together?
Don't Tom and Mary usually study together?
Does Tom still think that's what you want?
Does Tom still always speak French to you?
Does Tom know that you're going to Boston?
Do Tom and John usually wear ties to work?
Are you saying Tom didn't need to do that?
Are you saying Tom didn't have to do that?
When was the last time Tom cooked dinner?
We ate at the restaurant Tom recommended.
Tom wore his Halloween costume to school.
Tom will definitely tell Mary to do that.
Tom will be here for a couple more hours.
Tom was the only Canadian at the meeting.
Tom was surprised to see Mary doing that.
Tom was lucky Mary wasn't there with him.
Tom wants to start doing that right away.
Tom wanted to surprise you by doing that.
Tom wanted to see what was in the drawer.
Tom wanted to see the monkeys at the zoo.
Tom wanted to know what we planned to do.
Tom wanted to know what we plan on doing.
Tom wanted to borrow money from me again.
Tom wanted to be the center of attention.
Tom wanted to be a professional musician.
Tom used to be pretty good at doing that.
Tom told me he was born in this hospital.
Tom thought he should do that by himself.
Tom thinks he's better than other people.
Tom stayed inside because it was raining.
Tom sent Mary flowers on Valentine's Day.
Tom says he's really tired of doing that.
Tom says he's going to ask Mary for help.
Tom says he won't have to do that either.
Tom says he misses his wife and children.
Tom says he hopes something happens soon.
Tom said that he wasn't enjoying himself.
Tom said that he was really disappointed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ready to leave.
Tom said he's sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom said he wanted to relax a little bit.
Tom said he wanted to do that right away.
Tom said he isn't used to this kind of food.
Tom said he didn't want to talk about it.
Tom said he didn't think it was possible.
Tom said he didn't think Mary could swim.
Tom said he didn't plan to go by himself.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that again.
Tom said he didn't plan on stepping down.
Tom said he didn't like air conditioning.
Tom said he didn't know why you did that.
Tom said he didn't have time for romance.
Tom said he didn't have health insurance.
Tom said he didn't believe Mary did that.
Tom said Mary thought she had to do that.
Tom said Mary has never done that before.
Tom sacrificed his own life to save Mary.
Tom refused to tell me what had happened.
Tom looked like he was going to collapse.
Tom learned a lot about Boston from Mary.
Tom isn't used to this kind of cold weather.
Tom isn't sure why Mary did what she did.
Tom is worse off now than he's ever been.
Tom is supposed to be helping me do that.
Tom is still not allowed to talk to Mary.
Tom is still looking for a house to rent.
Tom is so lucky to have Mary on his team.
Tom is safer here than he'd be in Boston.
Tom is probably still fascinated by that.
Tom is only half way finished doing that.
Tom is on the same team as you, isn't he?
Tom is meeting us at the station at 2:30.
Tom is going to need your help after all.
Tom is going to need a little more money.
Tom is going to meet Mary in three hours.
Tom is going to invite Mary to his party.
Tom is going to have to change his plans.
Tom is getting pretty good at doing that.
Tom is flying back to Boston on the 20th.
Tom is expecting Mary to do that for him.
Tom is expected back in Boston on Monday.
Tom is counting on me for financial help.
Tom is attempting to correct the problem.
Tom is approximately the same age as you.
Tom is always busy this time of the year.
Tom is already where he's supposed to be.
Tom is a good friend of yours, isn't he?
Tom has told me that he wants to do that.
Tom has to take care of his younger brother.
Tom has read every book on the top shelf.
Tom has put on a lot of weight this year.
Tom has done something he shouldn't have.
Tom has decided to become a yoga teacher.
Tom has been sick for the last three days.
Tom gave Mary a little kiss on her cheek.
Tom doesn't want to sing with us anymore.
Tom doesn't want to learn how to do that.
Tom doesn't want to know what's going on.
Tom doesn't want to become a voice actor.
Tom doesn't want to be a janitor anymore.
Tom doesn't want to ask Mary to help him.
Tom doesn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom doesn't plan to go anywhere tomorrow.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that this week.
Tom doesn't need to protect Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't know why Mary went to Boston.
Tom doesn't know when the meeting starts.
Tom doesn't have to protect Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for what happened.
Tom doesn't believe Mary really did that.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary, but he did.
Tom didn't want to play tennis with Mary.
Tom didn't want to go shopping with Mary.
Tom didn't want to do everything himself.
Tom didn't want to become an electrician.
Tom didn't want to be at today's meeting.
Tom didn't want Mary to get into trouble.
Tom didn't need to tell anybody anything.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary, but he did.
Tom didn't have to tell anybody anything.
Tom didn't have to be at today's meeting.
Tom decided to give Mary a second chance.
Tom asked me if I had a driver's license.
Tom and Mary were looking for each other.
Tom and Mary enjoy doing things together.
Tom and Mary both swear they're innocent.
Tom and Mary are supposed to be together.
Tom and Mary are studying the same thing.
Tom and Mary are drinking the same thing.
Tom and Mary are both young, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both wrong, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both tough, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both there, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both smart, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both short, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both lucky, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both happy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both crazy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both angry, aren't they?
Tom and John always wear similar clothes.
Tom always takes a shower in the morning.
Tom always has his nose buried in a book.
This building used to be a movie theater.
The road we were going to take is closed.
That's going to have to be done tomorrow.
Please don't forget to close the windows.
Perhaps Tom and Mary should eat together.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to speak French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has to learn French.
Maybe we'll see each other again tonight.
Mary was the first girl I've ever kissed.
It's my fault. I wasn't paying attention.
It's likely going to be too cold to swim.
It's going to have to be done over again.
Is it true that Tom and Mary got married?
I've made up my mind to become a teacher.
I've lived in this house for three years.
I've heard the steak here is really good.
I've been working here for three years.
I've been married to Tom for three years.
I'm sure Tom isn't going to buy that car.
I'm pretty sure that Tom never said that.
I'm not willing to spend that much money.
I'm not willing to pay such a high price.
I'm looking forward to going on vacation.
I'll be playing tennis with Tom tomorrow.
I wouldn't dream of asking Tom for money.
I would've liked to have done that again.
I try to brush my teeth after every meal.
I tried to open the door, but I couldn't.
I thought that Tom and Mary were married.
I think you'd better take a look at this.
I think that both Tom and Mary have died.
I think Tom looks better without a beard.
I think Tom didn't need to do that alone.
I think Tom didn't have to do that alone.
I think Tom and Mary have fallen in love.
I think I could do that if you helped me.
I like this sweater. I think I'll buy it.
I heard that it's going to snow tomorrow.
I heard that it's going to rain tomorrow.
I hear that movie is supposed to be good.
I don't really need to do that right now.
I don't like Tom, and he doesn't like me.
I bought a magazine to read on the plane.
How many songs has Tom written with Mary?
How long have Tom and Mary been together?
Have you already discussed this with Tom?
Even Tom doesn't think he'll get the job.
Does Tom still think that's what we want?
Does Tom still plan to do that with Mary?
Does Tom still need to do that every day?
Does Tom still go to church every Sunday?
Do Tom and Mary work in the same company?
Do Tom and Mary teach at the same school?
Did you really think I wouldn't help you?
Could you give Tom a ride to the airport?
Are you sure you know what Tom has to do?
Why don't Tom and Mary do that together?
Where were you at 2:30 Monday afternoon?
We saw Tom as we were leaving the hotel.
Tom's friend whispered something to him.
Tom won't be getting much sleep tonight.
Tom will probably be sentenced to death.
Tom will do what Mary said he should do.
Tom will definitely ask Mary to do that.
Tom will be painting the fence tomorrow.
Tom will be meeting Mary in three hours.
Tom went to the shopping mall with Mary.
Tom went shopping three times last week.
Tom was surprised to see Mary with John.
Tom was surprised to see Mary in Boston.
Tom wanted to throw all this stuff away.
Tom wanted to have his car painted blue.
Tom wanted to get a tattoo on his chest.
Tom wanted to be an electrical engineer.
Tom thought he knew what should be done.
Tom thought Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom swam to the other side of the river.
Tom still doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom started his new job three weeks ago.
Tom says he's been doing that for years.
Tom says he'd rather not go out tonight.
Tom says he won't have to do that today.
Tom says he won't have to do that again.
Tom says he wants to show you something.
Tom said that he wasn't in love with me.
Tom said that he was very uncomfortable.
Tom said that he was really embarrassed.
Tom said that he was really discouraged.
Tom said that he wanted us to help Mary.
Tom said that Mary wasn't really scared.
Tom said that Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said that Mary was glad he did that.
Tom said he'd contact me, but he didn't.
Tom said he wasn't going anywhere today.
Tom said he talked to Mary this morning.
Tom said he didn't want to work outside.
Tom said he didn't want to wait for you.
Tom said he didn't think Mary would cry.
Tom said he didn't remember that at all.
Tom said he didn't regret what happened.
Tom said he didn't plan to go this week.
Tom said he didn't plan to do that here.
Tom said he didn't like living downtown.
Tom said he didn't know what to do next.
Tom said he didn't have time to eat now.
Tom said he didn't go to Boston anymore.
Tom said he didn't feel that way at all.
Tom said he didn't believe you did that.
Tom said Mary has done that three times.
Tom refused to tell me his phone number.
Tom plucked up the courage to kiss Mary.
Tom looked like he hadn't slept in days.
Tom let Mary know where he wanted to go.
Tom let Mary know what he wanted to eat.
Tom knows that Mary sometimes does that.
Tom isn't used to this kind of hot weather.
Tom isn't likely to get much sleep tonight.
Tom isn't going to let me sing with him.
Tom isn't going to force you to do that.
Tom isn't doing as well as he should be.
Tom is waiting for that to happen again.
Tom is the only one here who knows Mary.
Tom is still waiting for Mary to arrive.
Tom is still not sure why that happened.
Tom is still not sure what he should do.
Tom is still not sure what he has to do.
Tom is sitting on a bench in the garden.
Tom is running a little behind schedule.
Tom is probably safe for the time being.
Tom is only half way through doing that.
Tom is now the manager of a golf course.
Tom is never going to get there on time.
Tom is in the kitchen cooking something.
Tom is having the same problems Mary is.
Tom is going to visit Boston next month.
Tom is going to need our help, isn't he?
Tom is going to need a little more time.
Tom is going to leave in thirty minutes.
Tom is going to go to Boston in October.
Tom is going to go camping next weekend.
Tom is going to get married next summer.
Tom is going to find out how to do that.
Tom is going to be the person in charge.
Tom is going to be late for the concert.
Tom is going back to Boston this summer.
Tom is getting rid of his old furniture.
Tom is getting a lot better at swimming.
Tom is getting a lot better at baseball.
Tom is doing everything he can for Mary.
Tom is definitely doing the right thing.
Tom is approximately the same age as me.
Tom hung his clothes on the clothesline.
Tom has met a lot of interesting people.
Tom has found another way to make money.
Tom has been in Australia since October.
Tom got paid much less than he expected.
Tom got a job in Boston teaching French.
Tom gave Mary a quick kiss on her cheek.
Tom doesn't want to tell Mary the truth.
Tom doesn't want to play golf with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to play chess with you.
Tom doesn't want to go skiing with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to get home after dark.
Tom doesn't want to be a French teacher.
Tom doesn't want to ask Mary to do that.
Tom doesn't want me hanging around here.
Tom doesn't think he could ever do that.
Tom doesn't speak any foreign languages.
Tom doesn't ride his motorcycle anymore.
Tom doesn't really know how old Mary is.
Tom doesn't really feel like doing that.
Tom doesn't plan to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't plan to go back there again.
Tom doesn't enjoy watching sports on TV.
Tom doesn't do that very often, does he?
Tom doesn't care whether we stay or not.
Tom doesn't believe you really did that.
Tom didn't want to learn how to do that.
Tom didn't want to become a voice actor.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary what to do.
Tom denied that he had stolen the money.
Tom asked me why I applied for this job.
Tom asked if I really wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary were smiling at each other.
Tom and Mary have never worked together.
Tom and Mary have been working together.
Tom and Mary are now officially engaged.
Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
Tom and Mary are looking for each other.
Tom and Mary are going to work together.
Tom and Mary are both tall, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both lazy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both here, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both busy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are actually quite similar.
Tom and John have found new girlfriends.
This is exactly what Tom said he wanted.
There's some cheese in the refrigerator.
The Jacksons are always home on Mondays.
Our store won't be open on Thanksgiving.
Neither Tom nor Mary has visited Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has studied French.
Neither Tom nor Mary has come to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been very busy.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been to Boston.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a pocket watch.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a pickup truck.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a Japanese car.
Mary and Alice are normal teenage girls.
It doesn't cost much to go there by bus.
I've never seen Tom riding a motorcycle.
I've been having bad headaches recently.
I'm trying to study, so please be quiet.
I'm looking forward to talking with you.
I'm going to pick up Tom at the airport.
I'm going out with some friends tonight.
I was working yesterday, but Tom wasn't.
I was the only one who got here on time.
I visited Tom in the hospital last week.
I tried to open the jar, but I couldn't.
I thought it would be easier to do that.
I think Tom thought I wanted to do that.
I think Tom should get some new clothes.
I think Tom and Mary should get married.
I stopped to get gas on the way to work.
I spoke with Tom yesterday on the phone.
I played tennis with Tom this afternoon.
I only agree with some of what you said.
I need to know when you plan to do that.
I might do that today, but I'm not sure.
I know that both Tom and Mary have died.
I know Tom, but I've never met his wife.
I knew Tom would likely need to do that.
I just wish Tom didn't need to be alone.
I hope I'll never have to do that again.
I hear Tom and Mary are getting married.
I haven't seen Tom for such a long time.
I don't think Tom and Mary are divorced.
I don't mind staying home with the kids.
I don't like cold weather, but Tom does.
I don't know as many people as Tom does.
I don't get along with my mother-in-law.
I didn't want to answer Tom's questions.
I can't imagine Tom riding a motorcycle.
I can't believe how bad this traffic is.
Haven't Tom and Mary ever sung together?
You're going to have to do that for me.
You don't need to worry about anything.
You aren't supposed to burn trash here.
Would you like me to turn on the light?
Women's clothes are on the third floor.
Why don't Tom and Mary travel together?
Why did Tom want Mary to eat with John?
When has Tom ever done anything for me?
We stayed at the hotel Tom recommended.
We ate at a restaurant Tom recommended.
Tom's grandmother died three years ago.
Tom worked in a bank from 1999 to 2013.
Tom wore a pirate costume to the party.
Tom will probably win the championship.
Tom will probably still be unimpressed.
Tom will probably be home this evening.
Tom will probably be cut from the team.
Tom will leave Boston tomorrow morning.
Tom will be moving to Boston next week.
Tom will be here for a couple of hours.
Tom wasn't telling you the whole truth.
Tom wasn't sure Mary wanted to do that.
Tom was wearing a very expensive watch.
Tom was the first guy I've ever kissed.
Tom was supposed to be protecting Mary.
Tom wanted to talk about what happened.
Tom wanted to have lunch with me today.
Tom wanted to go home, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to give his old car to Mary.
Tom wanted to be a computer programmer.
Tom wanted Mary to play chess with him.
Tom used to have a car, but he sold it.
Tom took a deep breath to calm himself.
Tom thought that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom suggested that we go to the movies.
Tom still doesn't know where Mary went.
Tom says he won't have time to do that.
Tom says he won't go to Boston anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to leave.
Tom said that he was really optimistic.
Tom said that he was really interested.
Tom said that he was really frustrated.
Tom said that Mary wasn't disappointed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ambidextrous.
Tom said that Mary was unfazed by that.
Tom said that Mary was too busy to eat.
Tom said that Mary was already married.
Tom said he wanted to change his plans.
Tom said he wanted to buy a few things.
Tom said he really enjoyed the concert.
Tom said he needed to get out of there.
Tom said he needed to buy a few things.
Tom said he didn't want to talk to you.
Tom said he didn't think you'd do that.
Tom said he didn't plan on being there.
Tom said he didn't need to do that now.
Tom said he didn't have to do that now.
Tom never really intended to help Mary.
Tom let Mary know what he wanted to do.
Tom knows he should do that by himself.
Tom joined the company three years ago.
Tom isn't yet sure what the problem is.
Tom isn't the only one who'll be there.
Tom isn't sure what he should be doing.
Tom isn't quite sure why that happened.
Tom isn't going to stay here very long.
Tom isn't expecting any help from Mary.
Tom is waiting for something to happen.
Tom is very sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom is very satisfied with the results.
Tom is sure that Mary wants to do that.
Tom is still not allowed to visit Mary.
Tom is proud of what he's accomplished.
Tom is playing football this afternoon.
Tom is obviously doing something right.
Tom is lucky Mary isn't there with him.
Tom is lucky Mary hasn't done that yet.
Tom is leaving Boston tomorrow morning.
Tom is just not used to doing that yet.
Tom is in his room, listening to music.
Tom is having the same problems we are.
Tom is going to take good care of Mary.
Tom is going to stay in Boston a while.
Tom is going to see Mary again tonight.
Tom is going to name his daughter Mary.
Tom is going to have to sell his house.
Tom is going to have some fun tomorrow.
Tom is going to Boston for three weeks.
Tom is getting married in three months.
Tom is flying back to Boston on Monday.
Tom is excited about the possibilities.
Tom is doing the right thing, isn't he?
Tom is convinced that Mary is innocent.
Tom is coming back to Boston next week.
Tom has to go somewhere this afternoon.
Tom has to do something this afternoon.
Tom has made several very big mistakes.
Tom has lived in many different places.
Tom has given up trying to lose weight.
Tom has been in his office all morning.
Tom doesn't want to work in a hospital.
Tom doesn't want to go back to college.
Tom doesn't want to come here tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to buy a fishing boat.
Tom doesn't want to buy Mary a present.
Tom doesn't think that'll happen today.
Tom doesn't think he can do that today.
Tom doesn't think Mary really did that.
Tom doesn't really know how to do that.
Tom doesn't plan to do that by himself.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that anymore.
Tom doesn't need to protect me anymore.
Tom doesn't know what needs to be done.
Tom doesn't know what made him do that.
Tom doesn't know what Mary ought to do.
Tom doesn't know how Mary will do that.
Tom doesn't have to protect me anymore.
Tom doesn't have the energy to do that.
Tom doesn't feel like eating right now.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that again.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't want to play golf with Mary.
Tom didn't want to move back to Boston.
Tom didn't want to help us, but he did.
Tom didn't want to get home after dark.
Tom didn't want to come here yesterday.
Tom didn't want to be a French teacher.
Tom didn't want Mary to get in trouble.
Tom didn't tell me that he was married.
Tom didn't need to help us, but he did.
Tom didn't have to stay inside all day.
Tom didn't have to go there by himself.
Tom considered telling Mary to do that.
Tom became a father when he was thirty.
Tom asked me to do that for a few days.
Tom and Mary used to be friends, right?
Tom and Mary stood up at the same time.
Tom and Mary seem to be a happy couple.
Tom and Mary are stuck with each other.
Tom and Mary are still discussing that.
Tom and Mary are smiling at each other.
Tom and Mary are reading the same book.
Tom and Mary are lucky it's not Monday.
Tom and Mary are having a conversation.
Tom and Mary are going to pay for this.
Tom and Mary are eating the same thing.
Tom and Mary are both shy, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are both on the same team.
Tom and Mary adopted a girl from China.
Tom and I'll do that as soon as we can.
The shoe department is on the third floor.
The instructions were very complicated.
Neither Tom nor Mary has written to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has put on weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has made the team.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gotten fatter.
Neither Tom nor Mary has gained weight.
Neither Tom nor Mary has blue jeans on.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been punished.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been notified.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been drinking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been deported.
Neither Tom nor Mary has been arrested.
Neither Tom nor Mary has a rice cooker.
Let's fly to Boston instead of driving.
It's going to have to be done tomorrow.
It looks like Tom might be influential.
It looks like Tom isn't busy right now.
Is there a convenience store near here?
If it doesn't stop raining, I won't go.
I've heard the steak here is very good.
I've been bitten by dogs several times.
I'm supposed to be helping Tom do that.
I'm sorry for yelling at you yesterday.
I'm planning to visit Boston next year.
I'd like to try some of the local food.
I'd like a round-trip ticket to Boston.
I was very surprised by Tom's reaction.
I was very impressed with Tom's speech.
I was the only one to get here on time.
I try to avoid Tom as much as possible.
I thought Tom didn't like Mary anymore.
I think that something's bothering Tom.
I think Tom is too shy to talk to Mary.
I think Tom and Mary are still married.
I started working here three weeks ago.
I never thought I'd be this successful.
I like snowboarding better than skiing.
I know Tom will likely want to do that.
I know Tom will likely need to do that.
I know Tom will likely have to do that.
I hope you have a great time in Boston.
I hear Boston is hot this time of year.
I haven't seen that movie, but Tom has.
I have an uncle who lives in Australia.
I have a cousin who lives in Australia.
I had to go to the dentist last Monday.
I eat fruit every day, but Tom doesn't.
I don't think Tom and Mary are married.
I don't think Tom and Mary are engaged.
I don't like the way you're doing that.
I don't like the way Tom is doing that.
I don't like hot weather, but Tom does.
I don't ever want to talk to Tom again.
I don't agree with everything you said.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were dating.
How long have you and Tom been friends?
How long has Tom been staying with you?
Have Tom and Mary ever worked together?
Feel free to call if you need anything.
Eventually, that'll happen to you, too.
Don't you remember what Tom did to you?
Does Tom still want to go home with us?
Does Tom still want to do that with us?
Does Tom still want me to go with Mary?
Does Tom always pay attention in class?
Do you know why Tom decided to do that?
Do Tom and Mary work at the same place?
Do Tom and John still have girlfriends?
Are Tom and Mary getting back together?
You're the first guy I've ever kissed.
Why does Tom want to hang out with us?
What kind of factory does Tom work in?
We've lived in Boston for a long time.
We're still dealing with that problem.
Was Tom busy when you went to see him?
Tom's salary is much higher than mine.
Tom's house isn't far from his school.
Tom's house isn't far from his office.
Tom won't leave Mary there by herself.
Tom won't be working with us tomorrow.
Tom won't be going to Australia again.
Tom will probably win the scholarship.
Tom will probably still be suspicious.
Tom will probably still be interested.
Tom will probably be put on probation.
Tom will probably be busy after lunch.
Tom will leave early tomorrow morning.
Tom will be thirty in just a few days.
Tom will be leaving in thirty minutes.
Tom will be leaving Boston next month.
Tom will be able to find a job easily.
Tom wears the same size shoes as I do.
Tom wasn't able to solve that problem.
Tom was the one who paid for the taxi.
Tom was paying really close attention.
Tom wants to talk about what happened.
Tom wants to show Mary how to do that.
Tom wants to see you before you leave.
Tom wanted to try something different.
Tom wanted to open his own restaurant.
Tom wanted to meet you in the library.
Tom wanted to learn to sing in French.
Tom wanted to learn some French songs.
Tom wanted to go to the beach with us.
Tom wanted to buy a necklace for Mary.
Tom wanted to buy a fur coat for Mary.
Tom walks his dog at least once a day.
Tom told me that everything was ready.
Tom stopped reading and went to sleep.
Tom shouldn't have worried about that.
Tom shouldn't have stayed out so late.
Tom seems to be having a heart attack.
Tom says he's having a wonderful time.
Tom says he won't need to do that now.
Tom sat on the grass, playing ukulele.
Tom said that he wasn't uncomfortable.
Tom said that he was very discouraged.
Tom said that he was tired, but happy.
Tom said that he was really surprised.
Tom said that he was really skeptical.
Tom said that he was really satisfied.
Tom said that he was really irritated.
Tom said that he was really intrigued.
Tom said that he was really impressed.
Tom said that he was really exhausted.
Tom said that he was really desperate.
Tom said that Mary wasn't sympathetic.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ready to go.
Tom said that Mary wasn't intoxicated.
Tom said that Mary wasn't embarrassed.
Tom said he wouldn't be here tomorrow.
Tom said he didn't think he'd do that.
Tom said he didn't know why Mary left.
Tom said he didn't know what Mary did.
Tom said he didn't do that very often.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that today.
Tom said Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom pictured himself lying on a beach.
Tom never told me that he was married.
Tom never said that, as far as I know.
Tom met people from various countries.
Tom looks like he's going to collapse.
Tom isn't used to getting up so early.
Tom isn't telling you the whole truth.
Tom isn't sure what's going to happen.
Tom isn't supposed to do that anymore.
Tom isn't going to let that stop Mary.
Tom isn't going to buy anything today.
Tom isn't going to be able to do that.
Tom isn't expecting any help from you.
Tom is the only one who's still there.
Tom is the only Canadian working here.
Tom is the only Canadian in our class.
Tom is the most patient person I know.
Tom is supposed to be protecting Mary.
Tom is still wearing his wedding ring.
Tom is still having trouble with Mary.
Tom is responsible for this situation.
Tom is quite pleased with the results.
Tom is quite confident that'll happen.
Tom is probably somewhere in the park.
Tom is probably outside near the pool.
Tom is never going to make it on time.
Tom is lucky to have Mary on his team.
Tom is lucky to have Mary helping him.
Tom is lucky Mary is here to help him.
Tom is leaving early tomorrow morning.
Tom is just where he's supposed to be.
Tom is going to the dentist on Monday.
Tom is going to see if he can do that.
Tom is going to need to do that today.
Tom is going to get there before Mary.
Tom is going to find out who did that.
Tom is going to do things his own way.
Tom is getting ready for Mary's visit.
Tom is getting a lot better at French.
Tom is expecting Mary to be home soon.
Tom is definitely not having much fun.
Tom is coming to pick Mary up at 2:30.
Tom has told Mary he wants to do that.
Tom has to make an important decision.
Tom has long blond hair and blue eyes.
Tom has gained a little bit of weight.
Tom has caused a lot of problems here.
Tom has both experience and knowledge.
Tom has been in Boston for three days.
Tom has been in Boston for many years.
Tom doesn't want to talk about school.
Tom doesn't want to live in Australia.
Tom doesn't want to help Mary do that.
Tom doesn't want to go to grad school.
Tom doesn't want to get married again.
Tom doesn't want to do that with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to come to our party.
Tom doesn't want to become a diplomat.
Tom doesn't want to be a veterinarian.
Tom doesn't want to ask Mary for help.
Tom doesn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom doesn't really know how old he is.
Tom doesn't plan to do that this week.
Tom doesn't need to know who did that.
Tom doesn't need to help Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't know where he should park.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is married.
Tom doesn't know if he has to do that.
Tom doesn't intend to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't have to help Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't feel motivated to do that.
Tom didn't want to work in a hospital.
Tom didn't want to tell me what to do.
Tom didn't want to tell me everything.
Tom didn't want to take off his shirt.
Tom didn't want to play chess with me.
Tom didn't want to go to school today.
Tom didn't want to do that by himself.
Tom didn't want to buy a fishing boat.
Tom didn't want to buy Mary a present.
Tom didn't want to be like his father.
Tom didn't want me to sit next to him.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary anything.
Tom didn't need to go to the hospital.
Tom didn't need to go to school today.
Tom didn't need to go there with Mary.
Tom didn't need to do that on his own.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary anything.
Tom didn't have to spend time in jail.
Tom didn't have to go to the hospital.
Tom didn't have to go to Mary's party.
Tom didn't have to go there with Mary.
Tom didn't have to do that on his own.
Tom didn't have to be told what to do.
Tom did better than I did on the test.
Tom can teach both French and English.
Tom bought some new clothes last week.
Tom and Mary got married in Australia.
Tom and Mary are very devoted parents.
Tom and Mary are talking on the phone.
Tom and Mary are going to get married.
Tom and Mary are going to be together.
Tom and Mary are both OK, aren't they?
Tom and Mary are about to have a baby.
Tom and John always wear ties to work.
Tom always blames Mary for everything.
This won't take too much of your time.
There were a lot of people on the bus.
The train was more crowded than usual.
The faucet in the kitchen is dripping.
Neither Tom nor Mary has spoken to me.
Neither Tom nor Mary has quit smoking.
Neither Tom nor Mary has one of those.
It's going to be interesting for sure.
I've forgotten the words to that song.
I've been looking for you all morning.
I've already talked to Tom about that.
I'm staying at a hotel near the beach.
I'm sorry for any trouble I've caused.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't like Mary.
I'm not sure how to get to your house.
I'm not going to do your work for you.
I'm going to take an umbrella with me.
I wonder why Tom wanted me to do that.
I was afraid because it was very dark.
I want a new computer for my birthday.
I think Tom is too shy to talk to you.
I need a few days to think about this.
I might be able to get you a discount.
I like your hat. Where did you get it?
I like to travel and visit new places.
I like both volleyball and basketball.
I know that you don't need to do that.
I know that Tom and Mary are divorced.
I know Tom, but I don't know his wife.
I just started working here yesterday.
I hope you have a good time in Boston.
I hope you had a great time in Boston.
I hope to see Tom while I'm in Boston.
I haven't read that book, but Tom has.
I haven't been to Boston, but Tom has.
I have an aunt who lives in Australia.
I have a package here for Tom Jackson.
I had trouble finding a place to live.
I don't like spicy food, but Tom does.
I don't know as many people as you do.
I didn't know it was so far to Boston.
I didn't know Tom and Mary were twins.
I didn't enjoy the party, but Tom did.
I couldn't have done that without Tom.
I could do that if I really needed to.
Does Tom still want me to go with him?
Does Tom still think Mary can do that?
Does Tom still study French every day?
Do you think Tom will do that tonight?
Do you think Tom will be at the party?
Do you think Tom and Mary are married?
Do Tom and Mary have the same opinion?
Do Tom and Mary go to the same school?
You don't know Tom's brother, do you?
Why don't Tom and Mary sing together?
Why did Tom want to hang out with us?
We're meeting at Tom's house at 2:30.
Tom won't find what he's looking for.
Tom won't be going home anytime soon.
Tom won't be going anywhere with you.
Tom will probably be late for school.
Tom will probably arrive before 2:30.
Tom will do what Mary told him to do.
Tom will do that as soon as possible.
Tom will be leaving tomorrow morning.
Tom will be in Boston for a few days.
Tom went to the prison to visit Mary.
Tom was very candid in his interview.
Tom was talking about something else.
Tom was swimming in the pool earlier.
Tom was standing outside in the cold.
Tom wanted to start his own business.
Tom wanted to know why Mary was late.
Tom wanted to know why Mary did that.
Tom wanted to get in touch with Mary.
Tom wanted to get a driver's license.
Tom wanted to finish what he's doing.
Tom wanted to come to Boston with us.
Tom wanted to buy a present for Mary.
Tom wanted to borrow my car tomorrow.
Tom wanted to ask you some questions.
Tom wanted to ask us a few questions.
Tom told us about his life in Boston.
Tom told me he planned to rob a bank.
Tom told Mary why she should do that.
Tom thought I didn't want to do that.
Tom still doesn't know what Mary did.
Tom seems to be running out of ideas.
Tom seems to be enjoying his new job.
Tom says he's glad you could make it.
Tom says he's glad you could do that.
Tom said that something wasn't right.
Tom said that he wasn't ambidextrous.
Tom said that he was very frustrated.
Tom said that he was really ticklish.
Tom said that he was really offended.
Tom said that he was really grateful.
Tom said that he was really confused.
Tom said that he wanted to meet Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to help Mary.
Tom said that he found that exciting.
Tom said that Mary wasn't suspicious.
Tom said that Mary wasn't optimistic.
Tom said that Mary was uncomfortable.
Tom said that Mary was feeling tired.
Tom said he'd help me load the truck.
Tom said he is glad that you're back.
Tom said he didn't want a girlfriend.
Tom said he didn't think I'd do that.
Tom said he didn't plan to step down.
Tom said he didn't like his nickname.
Tom said he didn't know anybody here.
Tom said he didn't believe in ghosts.
Tom said he bought his ticket online.
Tom said Mary wanted to do that soon.
Tom refused to tell me what happened.
Tom really wanted to dance with Mary.
Tom pawned the jewelry that he stole.
Tom needs to talk to you immediately.
Tom looks like he's tired of waiting.
Tom kissed Mary because he liked her.
Tom isn't sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom isn't likely to use that anymore.
Tom isn't going to let that stop him.
Tom isn't going to leave without you.
Tom isn't going to do anything crazy.
Tom is waiting for Mary to come home.
Tom is three minutes behind schedule.
Tom is the only one here from Boston.
Tom is still trying to figure it out.
Tom is running a bit behind schedule.
Tom is ready for whatever might come.
Tom is reading the same book as I am.
Tom is probably still doing that now.
Tom is pretty well known around here.
Tom is on his way back to the office.
Tom is managing all right on his own.
Tom is making plans for the holidays.
Tom is looking for somewhere to live.
Tom is likely to tell Mary he's busy.
Tom is hoping something happens soon.
Tom is headed in the right direction.
Tom is headed back to town right now.
Tom is having the same problems I am.
Tom is having a party tomorrow night.
Tom is going to try to do that again.
Tom is going to have a party tonight.
Tom is going to do everything he can.
Tom is going to do as much as he can.
Tom is going to be the one in charge.
Tom is getting paid a lot to do that.
Tom is fortunate that he can do that.
Tom is definitely going to miss Mary.
Tom is concerned about Mary's future.
Tom is a person who gets things done.
Tom is a lot stronger than I thought.
Tom hurt his knee playing basketball.
Tom heard Mary practicing her violin.
Tom has just gotten back from Boston.
Tom has a thirty-year-old girlfriend.
Tom doesn't want to try anything new.
Tom doesn't want to see either of us.
Tom doesn't want to return to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to own a restaurant.
Tom doesn't want to go to the movies.
Tom doesn't want to go out with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to eat here tonight.
Tom doesn't want to do that with you.
Tom doesn't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to become a teacher.
Tom doesn't want to become a surgeon.
Tom doesn't want to become a fireman.
Tom doesn't want to be a firefighter.
Tom doesn't want to attend the party.
Tom doesn't think he'll ever do that.
Tom doesn't think he can do that now.
Tom doesn't play the piano very well.
Tom doesn't plan on going by himself.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that again.
Tom doesn't know where Mary did that.
Tom doesn't know what he ought to do.
Tom doesn't know what has to be done.
Tom doesn't know what Mary should do.
Tom doesn't feel like doing that now.
Tom didn't want to say anything else.
Tom didn't want to leave, but he did.
Tom didn't want to go to the meeting.
Tom didn't want to go to grad school.
Tom didn't want to go out for a walk.
Tom didn't want to get here so early.
Tom didn't want to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't want to come to our party.
Tom didn't want to become a diplomat.
Tom didn't want to be here yesterday.
Tom didn't want to be here on Monday.
Tom didn't want to be a veterinarian.
Tom didn't want that to happen again.
Tom didn't need to say anything else.
Tom didn't need to know who did that.
Tom didn't need to help Mary do that.
Tom didn't need to go back to Boston.
Tom didn't need to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't need to be here yesterday.
Tom didn't have to help Mary do that.
Tom didn't have to go to the meeting.
Tom didn't have to get here so early.
Tom didn't have to do that yesterday.
Tom didn't have to be here on Monday.
Tom did worse than I did on the test.
Tom asked me why I wanted to do that.
Tom asked Mary to quit bothering him.
Tom and Mary walk to school together.
Tom and Mary remind me of my parents.
Tom and Mary are often seen together.
Tom and Mary are good friends, right?
Tom and Mary are both single parents.
Tom and John aren't really my uncles.
Tom and John are normal teenage boys.
These sunglasses were very expensive.
There weren't any chairs in the room.
The weather wasn't so nice yesterday.
Our store isn't open on Thanksgiving.
Men's clothes are on the third floor.
Mary and Alice are intelligent women.
Keep these documents in a safe place.
It's going to be fine this afternoon.
It was really kind of you to help me.
If I were you, I'd refuse to do that.
I've talked to you about this before.
I've spent all the money you gave me.
I've seen that movie, but Tom hasn't.
I've met a lot of interesting people.
I've lived in Boston for a long time.
I've finished translating the report.
I've finished cleaning the apartment.
I'm tired. I'd like to go to bed now.
I'm sure Tom didn't need to be alone.
I'm sure Tom didn't have to be alone.
I'm not sure what Tom has been doing.
I'm glad Tom doesn't want to do that.
I'll try to talk Tom into doing that.
I'll be staying at home this evening.
I'd rather handle the problem myself.
I'd do anything to protect my family.
I'd advise not staying at that hotel.
I won't buy this. It's too expensive.
I went shopping after work yesterday.
I told Tom to relax and take it easy.
I thought doing that would be easier.
I think you should get your hair cut.
I plan to watch a movie after school.
I plan to wash my car this afternoon.
I need to spend some time doing that.
I need more time to think about this.
I know that Tom and Mary are married.
I know that Tom and Mary are engaged.
I hurried so that I wouldn't be late.
I hope you had a good time in Boston.
I hear that Tom and Mary got married.
I have to be home no later than 2:30.
I had no trouble finding Tom's house.
I had difficulty finding Tom's house.
I got a new computer for my birthday.
I forgot to thank Tom for helping me.
I feel like going to the beach today.
I don't think you'll like this movie.
I don't think I'll play tennis today.
I don't know what Tom has been doing.
I asked Tom about that several times.
How long would you like to stay here?
Does Tom still talk to you in French?
Does Tom still have a sense of humor?
Does Tom still drive a station wagon?
Did either Tom or Mary have any help?
Did Tom really try to commit suicide?
Both of Tom's sisters live in Boston.
Are you sure you know what Tom needs?
Why does Tom want to talk with Mary?
We're not likely to see that happen.
We can't let anyone know about this.
Traffic's really bad on Park Street.
Tom's house isn't far from the park.
Tom would've preferred to stay home.
Tom won't be here, but Mary will be.
Tom will probably succeed this time.
Tom will probably regret doing that.
Tom will probably pass today's exam.
Tom will probably forget to do that.
Tom will probably be home on Monday.
Tom will probably be famous someday.
Tom will likely tell Mary he's busy.
Tom will eventually figure this out.
Tom will be buying his ticket today.
Tom went to the cemetery by himself.
Tom wasn't sure what Mary was doing.
Tom wasn't doing that the right way.
Tom was working as hard as possible.
Tom was supposed to speak with Mary.
Tom was probably thirty at the time.
Tom was just trying to protect Mary.
Tom was caught completely off guard.
Tom was aware of what was happening.
Tom wanted to play tennis with Mary.
Tom wanted to go to graduate school.
Tom wanted to go shopping with Mary.
Tom wanted to drink a cup of coffee.
Tom wanted to buy a house in Boston.
Tom wanted to become an electrician.
Tom wanted to be at today's meeting.
Tom usually plays tennis on Mondays.
Tom took these pictures last summer.
Tom teaches both French and English.
Tom swore he wouldn't do that today.
Tom showed me a picture of his wife.
Tom should try doing something else.
Tom seems to be intimidated by Mary.
Tom says he's glad you're all right.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to go.
Tom said that he wasn't intoxicated.
Tom said that he wasn't embarrassed.
Tom said that he was very satisfied.
Tom said that he was really worried.
Tom said that he was really unlucky.
Tom said that he was really unhappy.
Tom said that he was really thirsty.
Tom said that he was really nervous.
Tom said that he was really jealous.
Tom said that he was really curious.
Tom said that Mary was conservative.
Tom said he was thrilled to be back.
Tom said he was mugged by three men.
Tom said he was feeling pretty good.
Tom said he wanted Mary to be happy.
Tom said he didn't remember my name.
Tom said he didn't remember a thing.
Tom said he didn't plan to be there.
Tom said he didn't like his new job.
Tom said he didn't know how to swim.
Tom said he didn't have enough time.
Tom said he didn't have any regrets.
Tom said he didn't feel like eating.
Tom said Mary wants John to do that.
Tom realized Mary wanted to do that.
Tom promised me he wouldn't be late.
Tom often dozes off in French class.
Tom needs to get used to doing that.
Tom memorized three poems last week.
Tom isn't worried about that at all.
Tom isn't very good at what he does.
Tom isn't used to this kind of work.
Tom isn't used this kind of weather.
Tom isn't sure what to do with Mary.
Tom isn't supposed to do that again.
Tom isn't really worried about that.
Tom isn't interested in such things.
Tom isn't going to take any chances.
Tom isn't always at home on Mondays.
Tom is working on getting that done.
Tom is waiting for things to happen.
Tom is waiting for his test results.
Tom is trying to do the smart thing.
Tom is trying to do the right thing.
Tom is thinking of buying a new car.
Tom is the only one who'll be there.
Tom is sure that it was an accident.
Tom is still not allowed to do that.
Tom is sick and tired of doing that.
Tom is quite happy with the results.
Tom is probably still in his office.
Tom is probably still in Boston now.
Tom is likely to win again tomorrow.
Tom is likely to do that by himself.
Tom is likely to cry if Mary leaves.
Tom is likely to be grouchy all day.
Tom is likely to be absent tomorrow.
Tom is investigating that right now.
Tom is in trouble. Can you help him?
Tom is in the same business as I am.
Tom is in the kitchen making coffee.
Tom is hoping to be here in October.
Tom is having a nice time in Boston.
Tom is going to need some more time.
Tom is going to have to verify this.
Tom is going to do that next spring.
Tom is going to Boston next weekend.
Tom is going in the right direction.
Tom is getting a lot of things done.
Tom is expecting Mary at any moment.
Tom is about the same weight as you.
Tom is a very nice person, isn't he?
Tom is a teacher. He teaches French.
Tom hasn't told you the whole truth.
Tom has worked here for three years.
Tom has to travel a lot for his job.
Tom has caused us a lot of problems.
Tom has been watching TV since 2:30.
Tom had no difficulty getting a job.
Tom had no difficulty finding a job.
Tom goes to school with my daughter.
Tom goes out drinking every weekend.
Tom gives piano lessons to children.
Tom gave away all of his belongings.
Tom dropped Mary off at the library.
Tom doesn't want to talk about that.
Tom doesn't want to study in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to see the results.
Tom doesn't want to live on his own.
Tom doesn't want to go to the beach.
Tom doesn't want to go to Australia.
Tom doesn't want to drink champagne.
Tom doesn't want to do that, either.
Tom doesn't want to do anything new.
Tom doesn't want to change all that.
Tom doesn't want to call his lawyer.
Tom doesn't want to buy our old car.
Tom doesn't want to buy another car.
Tom doesn't want to borrow your car.
Tom doesn't want to become a priest.
Tom doesn't want to become a doctor.
Tom doesn't want to be a pharmacist.
Tom doesn't want to be a lumberjack.
Tom doesn't think he'll get the job.
Tom doesn't really know where to go.
Tom doesn't really know what to buy.
Tom doesn't plan to do that anymore.
Tom doesn't plan on going this week.
Tom doesn't plan on doing that here.
Tom doesn't need to help me anymore.
Tom doesn't know why Mary is absent.
Tom doesn't know when Mary was born.
Tom doesn't know how to play tennis.
Tom doesn't have to help me anymore.
Tom doesn't have any concrete plans.
Tom didn't want to work last Monday.
Tom didn't want to try anything new.
Tom didn't want to stay, but he did.
Tom didn't want to see either of us.
Tom didn't want to return to Boston.
Tom didn't want to own a restaurant.
Tom didn't want to help, but he did.
Tom didn't want to go to work today.
Tom didn't want to go to the movies.
Tom didn't want to explain it to me.
Tom didn't want to explain anything.
Tom didn't want to do that tomorrow.
Tom didn't want to change the topic.
Tom didn't want to become a teacher.
Tom didn't want to become a surgeon.
Tom didn't want to become a fireman.
Tom didn't want to be a firefighter.
Tom didn't want to attend the party.
Tom didn't need to work last Monday.
Tom didn't need to stay, but he did.
Tom didn't need to pay for anything.
Tom didn't need to help, but he did.
Tom didn't need to get into trouble.
Tom didn't need to explain it to me.
Tom didn't know why Mary was absent.
Tom didn't have to go to the doctor.
Tom didn't have to go there himself.
Tom caught sight of his best friend.
Tom can't help you to do that today.
Tom can't fix everything by himself.
Tom can stay with us if he wants to.
Tom and Mary have similar interests.
Tom and Mary are together right now.
Tom and Mary are still best friends.
Tom and Mary are complete opposites.
Tom and John sleep in the same room.
Tom always wears a hat, even inside.
Tom always kisses Mary good morning.
Tom always blames me for everything.
Tom almost passed out from the pain.
These sunglasses are very expensive.
Please don't leave the windows open.
Please come home right after school.
Our store is open seven days a week.
It's too late to go to the bank now.
It's going to be winter before long.
It's going to be fine tomorrow, too.
It's going to be crowded everywhere.
It's going to be a little different.
It's going to be a great experience.
It was very crowded in the elevator.
It looks like Tom is having fun now.
I've seen the way Tom looks at Mary.
I've been working very hard all day.
I've been having terrible headaches.
I've already read most of this book.
I'm sure Tom didn't need to do that.
I'm sure Tom didn't have to do that.
I'm sorry I yelled at you yesterday.
I'm pretty sure Tom doesn't like me.
I'm not used to getting up so early.
I'm not used to driving on the left.
I'm likely to get home late tonight.
I'll be back by the end of the year.
I'd prefer not to do that right now.
I'd like to fly to Boston on Monday.
I was the one who needed to do that.
I warned you not to come here again.
I warned Tom not to come here again.
I want to stay and help Tom do that.
I want to handle the problem myself.
I used to go to the beach every day.
I think what Tom is doing is stupid.
I think we aren't on the right road.
I think Tom didn't see me yesterday.
I think Tom did that subconsciously.
I think I did very well on the test.
I suggest you do what Tom suggested.
I still need you to help me do that.
I speak three languages fairly well.
I promise I won't leave without you.
I needed to be the one who did that.
I need to tell my wife I'll be late.
I need a few days to think about it.
I met a man whose brother knows you.
I haven't been invited to the party.
I have a cousin who lives in Boston.
I got Tom to help me move the piano.
I don't watch TV much, but Tom does.
I don't think we should do that yet.
I don't think people should do that.
I don't think I'll be here tomorrow.
I don't think I'd be married to Tom.
I don't remember seeing you do that.
I don't remember Mary's maiden name.
I don't like the people I work with.
I didn't tell Tom about what we did.
I didn't tell Tom about the problem.
I can play the guitar. Tom can, too.
I bought a one-way ticket to Boston.
I asked Tom to introduce Mary to me.
How did Tom and Mary become friends?
Don't forget to give Tom some money.
Does Tom still want us to help Mary?
Does Tom still want to do that, too?
Does Tom still want me to help Mary?
Does Tom still think he can do that?
Does Tom still put sugar in his tea?
Does Tom still need a place to stay?
Does Tom still look like he's happy?
Does Tom still have a crush on Mary?
Do you and Tom live near each other?
Could Tom have done that by himself?
You need to talk to Tom personally.
You may tell Tom whatever you like.
You can tell Tom whatever you like.
Why would Tom want Mary to do that?
Why does Tom want to do that today?
Why did Tom want to talk with Mary?
Why did Tom do such a stupid thing?
Why are you doing that by yourself?
When does Tom have to go to Boston?
We don't see each other very often.
Tom's bicycle was stolen last week.
Tom would've liked to do that, too.
Tom works for a well-known company.
Tom wondered what Mary had in mind.
Tom will probably enjoy doing that.
Tom will explain this to you later.
Tom will be leaving this afternoon.
Tom wasn't having a very good time.
Tom wasn't exactly sure what to do.
Tom was just trying to protect you.
Tom was in a bad mood this morning.
Tom was aware of what was going on.
Tom wanted to work as a translator.
Tom wanted to travel around Europe.
Tom wanted to say something to you.
Tom wanted to know what to do next.
Tom wanted to have a word with you.
Tom wanted to get home before dark.
Tom wanted to get better at French.
Tom wanted to come over after work.
Tom wanted to buy a new smartphone.
Tom wanted to buy a new motorcycle.
Tom wanted to become a voice actor.
Tom wanted to be popular at school.
Tom wanted to be friends with Mary.
Tom used to be a very good swimmer.
Tom used to be a strict vegetarian.
Tom told me that he can see ghosts.
Tom suggested I ask you for advice.
Tom still doesn't know who Mary is.
Tom spent three weeks in Australia.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary about that.
Tom shouldn't have skipped classes.
Tom shielded his eyes from the sun.
Tom says he has no plan to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't optimistic.
Tom said that he wasn't interested.
Tom said that he wasn't in a hurry.
Tom said that he wasn't going bald.
Tom said that he was very grateful.
Tom said that he was really sleepy.
Tom said that he was really lonely.
Tom said that he was really hungry.
Tom said that he was really afraid.
Tom said that he wanted to help us.
Tom said that everything was ready.
Tom said that Mary wasn't ticklish.
Tom said that Mary wasn't prepared.
Tom said that Mary wasn't offended.
Tom said that Mary wasn't innocent.
Tom said that Mary was sympathetic.
Tom said that Mary was overwhelmed.
Tom said that Mary was intoxicated.
Tom said that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said he'll be leaving tomorrow.
Tom said he was dying to meet Mary.
Tom said he wanted to leave Boston.
Tom said he doesn't want to retire.
Tom said he didn't know any French.
Tom said he didn't feel well today.
Tom refused to give me a ride home.
Tom put a towel on Mary's forehead.
Tom opened the door and walked out.
Tom now lives with his friend John.
Tom never discussed that with Mary.
Tom needs to find a way to do that.
Tom made his own Halloween costume.
Tom likes Boston, but Mary doesn't.
Tom isn't sure what else he can do.
Tom isn't on the same team as I am.
Tom isn't likely to use this again.
Tom isn't going to wait any longer.
Tom isn't going to starve to death.
Tom isn't going to make it in time.
Tom isn't going to get out of here.
Tom isn't going to change anything.
Tom isn't going back there anymore.
Tom isn't exactly sure what it was.
Tom isn't doing that for the money.
Tom isn't doing anything right now.
Tom is working on the arrangements.
Tom is working as hard as possible.
Tom is waiting for you to help him.
Tom is waiting for us in the lobby.
Tom is too busy to talk to you now.
Tom is three weeks behind schedule.
Tom is three hours behind schedule.
Tom is the only one who knows that.
Tom is the only one Mary can trust.
Tom is supposed to speak with Mary.
Tom is scheduled to leave tomorrow.
Tom is saving money to buy a house.
Tom is really good at what he does.
Tom is pretty good at what he does.
Tom is on the same team as Mary is.
Tom is obviously very disappointed.
Tom is meeting Mary in three hours.
Tom is looking into that right now.
Tom is looking for a place to stay.
Tom is looking for a friend of his.
Tom is likely to never forget this.
Tom is likely to leave next Monday.
Tom is likely to help a little bit.
Tom is likely to do that next week.
Tom is likely to become frustrated.
Tom is likely to be pretty nervous.
Tom is likely to be grumpy all day.
Tom is likely to be back by Monday.
Tom is keeping his fingers crossed.
Tom is just trying to protect Mary.
Tom is investigating the situation.
Tom is in the kitchen helping Mary.
Tom is helping Mary with something.
Tom is helping Mary in the kitchen.
Tom is going to wait here for Mary.
Tom is going to the beach tomorrow.
Tom is going to tell Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to take a quick break.
Tom is going to stay until the end.
Tom is going to stay at home today.
Tom is going to have to leave soon.
Tom is going to go to Mary's party.
Tom is going to clean up this mess.
Tom is going to be working tonight.
Tom is going to be there next week.
Tom is going to be late for school.
Tom is going to Boston this winter.
Tom is getting married next spring.
Tom is fortunate to still be alive.
Tom is fortunate to have Mary here.
Tom is excited about the challenge.
Tom is doing what needs to be done.
Tom is dealing with that right now.
Tom is bound to have some problems.
Tom is aware of the risks involved.
Tom is always trying something new.
Tom is about the same weight as me.
Tom is a few weeks behind schedule.
Tom hopped in the car and took off.
Tom hasn't asked me to do anything.
Tom has very few friends in Boston.
Tom has been wasting a lot of time.
Tom has been trying to do too much.
Tom has been trying to contact you.
Tom has been testing new equipment.
Tom got his nose broken in a fight.
Tom gave Mary a big hug and a kiss.
Tom drove his children to the pool.
Tom doesn't want to study medicine.
Tom doesn't want to stay in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to speak with you.
Tom doesn't want to see that movie.
Tom doesn't want to play billiards.
Tom doesn't want to go there again.
Tom doesn't want to eat fried rice.
Tom doesn't want to come to Boston.
Tom doesn't want to be an engineer.
Tom doesn't want to be a paramedic.
Tom doesn't want to be a celebrity.
Tom doesn't understand much French.
Tom doesn't really know what to do.
Tom doesn't like this kind of food.
Tom doesn't know much about tennis.
Tom doesn't know how to enjoy life.
Tom does everything we tell him to.
Tom didn't want to study in Boston.
Tom didn't want to see the results.
Tom didn't want to live on his own.
Tom didn't want to go to the beach.
Tom didn't want to drive that fast.
Tom didn't want to drink champagne.
Tom didn't want to do that, either.
Tom didn't want to do that, did he?
Tom didn't want to do anything new.
Tom didn't want to change all that.
Tom didn't want to call his lawyer.
Tom didn't want to buy our old car.
Tom didn't want to become a priest.
Tom didn't want to become a doctor.
Tom didn't want to be a pharmacist.
Tom didn't want to be a lumberjack.
Tom didn't want to apologize to me.
Tom didn't need to wait any longer.
Tom didn't need to drive that fast.
Tom didn't need to come here today.
Tom didn't need to apologize to me.
Tom didn't have to wait any longer.
Tom didn't have to drive that fast.
Tom didn't have to do that, did he?
Tom arrived in Australia on Monday.
Tom and Mary left the bar together.
Tom and Mary got married last week.
Tom and Mary are taking a big risk.
Tom and Mary are studying together.
Tom and Mary are both the same age.
There isn't any snow on the ground.
The police are going to arrest you.
That hotel is too expensive for me.
Please stay with me a while longer.
Let me carry your suitcase for you.
Is it far from here to the station?
I've just spoken to Tom about that.
I've just eaten, so I'm not hungry.
I'm not quite sure where Tom lives.
I'm going to take swimming lessons.
I'm getting good at reading French.
I'd like to buy a ticket to Boston.
I worked yesterday, but Tom didn't.
I won't go unless it stops raining.
I wish Tom were here with us today.
I was just as surprised as Tom was.
I think you should go see a doctor.
I saw a traffic accident yesterday.
I promise not to leave without you.
I need to know when you'll do that.
I need some money to buy some food.
I need more time to think about it.
I need a few days to think it over.
I met a man whose father knows Tom.
I know Tom didn't need to be there.
I know Tom didn't have to be there.
I hope that Tom and Mary get along.
I don't want to go out in the rain.
I don't think so, but I'm not sure.
I don't feel like going to bed yet.
I don't enjoy cleaning the kitchen.
I don't drink coffee, but Tom does.
I didn't want to hurt Tom's feelings.
I didn't need to do that by myself.
I didn't get the job I applied for.
I could've done that, but I didn't.
I bought this when I was in Boston.
I bought this in Boston last month.
I assume you don't need to do that.
I agree with some of what you said.
I agree with some of what Tom said.
Everything will turn out all right.
Does Tom still want us to help him?
Does Tom still want to leave today?
Does Tom still want to eat with us?
Does Tom still want me to help him?
Does Tom still tell you what to do?
Does Tom still tell you everything?
Does Tom still really believe that?
Does Tom still look nervous to you?
Does Tom still have a summer house?
Does Tom still get paid to do that?
Does Tom still buy you nice things?
Does Tom have to work on Saturdays?
Do you think Tom will call tonight?
Do these cookies have nuts in them?
Did either Tom or Mary have a plan?
Ask Tom if he's sold his house yet.
Aren't Tom and Mary still together?
You'd better go back to your room.
Why did Tom want to do that today?
Why did Tom do such a crazy thing?
Tom's house isn't far from Mary's.
Tom won't be leaving without Mary.
Tom will probably want to do that.
Tom will probably still be groggy.
Tom will probably need to do that.
Tom will probably have to do that.
Tom will probably get there early.
Tom will help me do that tomorrow.
Tom will be leaving here tomorrow.
Tom went roller skating with Mary.
Tom was delighted with the result.
Tom was concerned about that, too.
Tom was at Mary's house yesterday.
Tom wanted to tell Mary the truth.
Tom wanted to speak to Mary alone.
Tom wanted to play golf with Mary.
Tom wanted to play chess with you.
Tom wanted to move back to Boston.
Tom wanted to live in the country.
Tom wanted to go, but he couldn't.
Tom wanted to get a part-time job.
Tom wanted to buy Mary a fur coat.
Tom wanted to be a French teacher.
Tom took a long time to get ready.
Tom thinks he's going to die soon.
Tom thinks Mary isn't influential.
Tom suggested going to the movies.
Tom still wants to be on our team.
Tom slammed his fist on the table.
Tom says he's here to support you.
Tom says he'd be happy to do that.
Tom sat in the back of the church.
Tom sat cross-legged on the couch.
Tom said that something was wrong.
Tom said that he wasn't terrified.
Tom said that he was very unlucky.
Tom said that he was very shocked.
Tom said that he was very jealous.
Tom said that he was really upset.
Tom said that he was really tired.
Tom said that he was really sorry.
Tom said that he was really lucky.
Tom said that he was really happy.
Tom said that he was really drunk.
Tom said that he was really broke.
Tom said that he was really bored.
Tom said that he was really angry.
Tom said that he could see ghosts.
Tom said that Mary wasn't pleased.
Tom said that Mary wasn't jealous.
Tom said that Mary wasn't annoyed.
Tom said that Mary wasn't adopted.
Tom said that Mary was optimistic.
Tom said that Mary was in a hurry.
Tom said he'd help load the truck.
Tom said he was hoping to see you.
Tom said he was feeling confident.
Tom said he saw Mary this morning.
Tom said Mary saw John doing that.
Tom refused to admit he was wrong.
Tom really wanted to talk to Mary.
Tom needs to do a bit of shopping.
Tom moved to Boston with his wife.
Tom made several good suggestions.
Tom lost his job three months ago.
Tom looked like he'd seen a ghost.
Tom likes to study in the library.
Tom likes both Boston and Chicago.
Tom isn't used to having visitors.
Tom isn't the one getting married.
Tom isn't sure what Mary is doing.
Tom isn't really asking for money.
Tom isn't here to talk about that.
Tom isn't having a very good time.
Tom isn't going to take this well.
Tom isn't going to sell his house.
Tom isn't going to make it, is he?
Tom isn't going home anytime soon.
Tom isn't going anywhere with you.
Tom isn't exactly sure what to do.
Tom isn't exactly sure what it is.
Tom isn't doing that again, is he?
Tom isn't allowed to do that here.
Tom is very good at telling jokes.
Tom is used to having Mary around.
Tom is the one who made this mess.
Tom is taking care of what he can.
Tom is sure it wasn't an accident.
Tom is sure Mary wants to do that.
Tom is supposed to be working now.
Tom is still skeptical about that.
Tom is still a long way from home.
Tom is so ready for something new.
Tom is ready to do that, isn't he?
Tom is probably still unconscious.
Tom is probably still pessimistic.
Tom is probably still intoxicated.
Tom is probably smarter than Mary.
Tom is prepared to take that risk.
Tom is pleased with your progress.
Tom is no longer working for Mary.
Tom is moving to Boston next year.
Tom is moving to Boston next week.
Tom is lucky that Mary helped him.
Tom is lucky Mary is here to help.
Tom is looking for Mary right now.
Tom is likely to let Mary do that.
Tom is likely to do that tomorrow.
Tom is just trying to protect you.
Tom is just here to play baseball.
Tom is just a high school student.
Tom is interested in helping Mary.
Tom is in Boston with his parents.
Tom is hoping nothing bad happens.
Tom is going to take a look at it.
Tom is going to meet Mary tonight.
Tom is going to make sure of that.
Tom is going to have to stop Mary.
Tom is going to have to help Mary.
Tom is going to go to Boston next.
Tom is going to be here all night.
Tom is going to ask Mary for help.
Tom is going to Boston in October.
Tom is a friend of yours, isn't he?
Tom is fortunate to have you here.
Tom is extremely proud of his son.
Tom is doing the very best he can.
Tom is definitely making progress.
Tom is concerned about his future.
Tom is busier than he's ever been.
Tom is better at French than Mary.
Tom is an excellent bridge player.
Tom is always doing something new.
Tom is already well aware of that.
Tom is almost finished doing that.
Tom is a pretty good cook himself.
Tom has been trying to save money.
Tom drove Mary to ballet practice.
Tom doesn't want to work for Mary.
Tom doesn't want to talk with you.
Tom doesn't want to surprise Mary.
Tom doesn't want to join the team.
Tom doesn't want to join our club.
Tom doesn't want to go to Harvard.
Tom doesn't want to go for a walk.
Tom doesn't want to buy any books.
Tom doesn't want to buy a new car.
Tom doesn't want to become famous.
Tom doesn't want to be left alone.
Tom doesn't want to be a stuntman.
Tom doesn't want to be a diplomat.
Tom doesn't want to be a designer.
Tom doesn't plan to go by himself.
Tom doesn't plan to do that again.
Tom doesn't plan on stepping down.
Tom doesn't like air conditioning.
Tom doesn't know a thing about it.
Tom doesn't know Boston very well.
Tom didn't want to wait very long.
Tom didn't want to study medicine.
Tom didn't want to stay in Boston.
Tom didn't want to speak with you.
Tom didn't want to play billiards.
Tom didn't want to go, but he did.
Tom didn't want to go there again.
Tom didn't want to eat fried rice.
Tom didn't want to do this for me.
Tom didn't want to do that either.
Tom didn't want to come yesterday.
Tom didn't want to come to Boston.
Tom didn't want to be an engineer.
Tom didn't want to be a paramedic.
Tom didn't need to work in Boston.
Tom didn't need to go, but he did.
Tom didn't need to go there alone.
Tom didn't need to do this for me.
Tom didn't need to do that either.
Tom didn't need to do it that way.
Tom didn't have to go there alone.
Tom didn't have to do it that way.
Tom crawled in through the window.
Tom chewed on his nails nervously.
Tom asked Mary not to be so noisy.
Tom and Mary have worked together.
Tom and Mary are working together.
Tom and Mary are playing together.
Tom and Mary are on the same side.
Tom and Mary are good friends now.
These are nice. How much are they?
The strike started three days ago.
The hamburgers here are very good.
The boss isn't going to fire Mary.
Please tell Tom I want to do that.
Our offices get cleaned every day.
Our offices are cleaned every day.
Keep these papers in a safe place.
It's going to be over in a minute.
It's going to be good to get home.
It's going to be a little cramped.
I've already written Tom an email.
I'm sure Tom will change his mind.
I'm sorry I was late this morning.
I'm not sure who Tom's married to.
I'm not sure how I should do that.
I'm not quite sure where you live.
I'm not married, but my sister is.
I'm not going to watch TV tonight.
I'm getting paid a lot to do this.
I wish Tom didn't want to do that.
I usually watch TV in the evening.
I think Tom works the night shift.
I think Tom and Mary are divorced.
I think I should do that tomorrow.
I suppose we'd better get started.
I promise I'll come to your party.
I need you to do that immediately.
I know Tom didn't need to do that.
I know Tom didn't have to do that.
I hope you don't miss your flight.
I hope nothing bad happens to Tom.
I have an infected cut on my foot.
I had trouble finding Tom's house.
I had no idea Tom was lying to us.
I had no idea Tom was lying to me.
I don't think you should buy that.
I don't think we should leave yet.
I don't play the guitar very well.
I don't mind cleaning the kitchen.
I don't like going to the dentist.
I don't have the key to this door.
I can't help you to do that today.
I can't believe you told Tom that.
How long has Tom been watching TV?
Have you paid your phone bill yet?
Does Tom still want to go with us?
Does Tom still think he can do it?
Does Tom still study after dinner?
Does Tom still live here with you?
Does Tom still like cheeseburgers?
Do Tom and Mary have many friends?
Do Tom and Mary have any children?
Do Tom and John still have beards?
Come back here as soon as you can.
Are Tom and Mary working together?
Your parents are older than mine.
You should put on warmer clothes.
Will you be at home next weekend?
Why does Tom want to do that now?
Who bought these tickets for you?
When did Tom arrive in Australia?
What exactly does Tom want to do?
What exactly does Tom need to do?
What exactly does Tom have to do?
What do Tom and Mary do together?
We should quit while we're ahead.
We have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom's salary is the same as mine.
Tom's leg needed to be amputated.
Tom's best friend is from Boston.
Tom wondered where Mary had gone.
Tom won't lend me any more money.
Tom won't get much sleep tonight.
Tom won't do that again, will he?
Tom wiped his hands on his jeans.
Tom will probably make a mistake.
Tom will probably make a fortune.
Tom will probably be heartbroken.
Tom will probably be embarrassed.
Tom will leave in thirty minutes.
Tom will leave Boston next month.
Tom will go to Boston in October.
Tom will be working this weekend.
Tom will be the person in charge.
Tom will be helping Mary do that.
Tom was supposed to protect Mary.
Tom was more confused than I was.
Tom was doing that the wrong way.
Tom was at the gym all afternoon.
Tom wants to remodel his kitchen.
Tom wanted to work in a hospital.
Tom wanted to tell you something.
Tom wanted to talk to his lawyer.
Tom wanted to show you something.
Tom wanted to go back to college.
Tom wanted to eat some ice cream.
Tom wanted to eat some apple pie.
Tom wanted to eat lunch with you.
Tom wanted to come here tomorrow.
Tom wanted to buy a leather belt.
Tom wanted to buy a fishing boat.
Tom wanted to buy Mary a present.
Tom wanted to be a tattoo artist.
Tom tapped his foot on the floor.
Tom still calls his father Daddy.
Tom should've done that long ago.
Tom served a long time in prison.
Tom says he's feeling very tired.
Tom says he really likes it here.
Tom said that he wasn't prepared.
Tom said that he was very scared.
Tom said that he was very amused.
Tom said that he was really sick.
Tom said that he was really rich.
Tom said that he was really poor.
Tom said that he was really cold.
Tom said that he was really busy.
Tom said that Mary wasn't strong.
Tom said that Mary was terrified.
Tom said that Mary was satisfied.
Tom said that Mary was miserable.
Tom said that Mary was irritated.
Tom said he's glad you're coming.
Tom said he'd pick me up at 2:30.
Tom said he'd clean up this mess.
Tom said he was tired of waiting.
Tom said he was happy to see you.
Tom said he was done for the day.
Tom said he had a wonderful time.
Tom said he didn't want to argue.
Tom said he didn't remember Mary.
Tom refused to give me any money.
Tom really needs to see a doctor.
Tom put the money in the gym bag.
Tom never discussed that with me.
Tom needs to be a little quieter.
Tom misses his wife and children.
Tom knew that Mary would do that.
Tom isn't used to doing that yet.
Tom isn't trying to impress Mary.
Tom isn't sure why that happened.
Tom isn't sure on how it started.
Tom isn't going to wait for Mary.
Tom isn't going to be here today.
Tom isn't doing anything tonight.
Tom isn't disturbing you, I hope.
Tom is worse off now than before.
Tom is working very hard on that.
Tom is willing to try new things.
Tom is wearing expensive clothes.
Tom is trying to do what's right.
Tom is taking a shower right now.
Tom is supposed to wait for Mary.
Tom is stocking up on everything.
Tom is still thirty minutes away.
Tom is still not sure what to do.
Tom is still confused about that.
Tom is reviewing all his options.
Tom is probably still handcuffed.
Tom is probably still eating now.
Tom is probably ready to do that.
Tom is pretty excited about that.
Tom is preparing to do just that.
Tom is planning a trip to Boston.
Tom is likely to wait until 2:30.
Tom is likely to stop doing that.
Tom is likely to leave next week.
Tom is likely to be leaving soon.
Tom is likely to be here all day.
Tom is likely to be back by 2:30.
Tom is leaving in thirty minutes.
Tom is leaving Boston next month.
Tom is just about ready to leave.
Tom is happy when he's with Mary.
Tom is going to the pool to swim.
Tom is going to need Mary's help.
Tom is going to get one of those.
Tom is going to fix those things.
Tom is going to change the rules.
Tom is going back to the library.
Tom is getting married in Boston.
Tom is filling in for Mary today.
Tom is filling in for Mary again.
Tom is expecting Mary to be here.
Tom is doing what he loves to do.
Tom is doing what he can to help.
Tom is doing everything possible.
Tom is determined to get answers.
Tom is delighted with the result.
Tom is dealing with that problem.
Tom is dating a woman named Mary.
Tom is concerned for your safety.
Tom is concerned about that, too.
Tom is committed to doing better.
Tom is coming with you, isn't he?
Tom is aware of what's happening.
Tom is at home with the children.
Tom is at home with his children.
Tom is anticipating more charges.
Tom is a very influential person.
Tom helped Mary unload the truck.
Tom hasn't asked me for anything.
Tom has to get up early tomorrow.
Tom has several Canadian friends.
Tom has done everything possible.
Tom has been trying to cut costs.
Tom has been here his whole life.
Tom has been filling in for Mary.
Tom has a good voice, doesn't he?
Tom had difficulty locating Mary.
Tom got out of the swimming pool.
Tom gets the same salary as I do.
Tom found a job at a supermarket.
Tom folded his T-shirt carefully.
Tom eats lunch at home every day.
Tom drove to Boston last weekend.
Tom drove from Boston to Chicago.
Tom doesn't want to visit Boston.
Tom doesn't want to study abroad.
Tom doesn't want to stick around.
Tom doesn't want to sell his car.
Tom doesn't want to see us again.
Tom doesn't want to say anything.
Tom doesn't want to leave Boston.
Tom doesn't want to go back home.
Tom doesn't want to dye his hair.
Tom doesn't want to be in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to be different.
Tom doesn't want to be an artist.
Tom doesn't want to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't want to be a surgeon.
Tom doesn't want to be a fireman.
Tom doesn't think that'll happen.
Tom doesn't regret what happened.
Tom doesn't plan to go this week.
Tom doesn't plan to do that here.
Tom doesn't like living downtown.
Tom doesn't know much about that.
Tom doesn't go to church anymore.
Tom doesn't go to Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't do his job very well.
Tom didn't want to work for Mary.
Tom didn't want to talk with you.
Tom didn't want to surprise Mary.
Tom didn't want to join the team.
Tom didn't want to join our club.
Tom didn't want to help us today.
Tom didn't want to go to Harvard.
Tom didn't want to go for a walk.
Tom didn't want to give it a try.
Tom didn't want to do that alone.
Tom didn't want to come so early.
Tom didn't want to buy any books.
Tom didn't want to buy a new car.
Tom didn't want to become famous.
Tom didn't want to be a stuntman.
Tom didn't want to be a diplomat.
Tom didn't want to be a designer.
Tom didn't want me to sit by him.
Tom didn't need to stand in line.
Tom didn't need to pay that much.
Tom didn't need to make a speech.
Tom didn't need to help us today.
Tom didn't need to go by himself.
Tom didn't need to give a speech.
Tom didn't need to do that today.
Tom didn't need to do that alone.
Tom didn't let Mary say anything.
Tom didn't have to stand in line.
Tom didn't have to speak so loud.
Tom didn't have to pay that much.
Tom didn't have to make a speech.
Tom didn't have to go by himself.
Tom didn't have to give a speech.
Tom didn't have to do that again.
Tom didn't have to dance with me.
Tom can't help you, but Mary can.
Tom can stay with us if he likes.
Tom brought his daughter to work.
Tom bought three bottles of wine.
Tom asked if I wanted to do that.
Tom and Mary are both very lucky.
Tom and Mary are already engaged.
Tom and John are just young boys.
Tom and John are intelligent men.
The boss isn't going to fire you.
That's a very beautiful painting.
Perhaps Tom and Mary are married.
Obviously, Tom didn't need to go.
Neither Tom nor John has a beard.
My office is being painted today.
Mary thanked Tom for the flowers.
It's never going to happen again.
It's going to be a fun challenge.
It's going to be a big challenge.
I've invited Tom over for dinner.
I've come to pick up my children.
I'm thinking of buying a new car.
I'll carry your suitcase for you.
I'll call you tomorrow afternoon.
I'd recommend going there by bus.
I'd rather talk about this later.
I wish I knew what Tom was doing.
I waved to Tom and he waved back.
I was the one who had to do that.
I was late for work this morning.
I was just getting ready for bed.
I want to do that sometime today.
I took a picture of the schedule.
I told Tom not to talk so loudly.
I think Tom is likely to do that.
I think Tom and Mary are married.
I think Tom and Mary are engaged.
I stayed in bed until noon today.
I saw Tom, but I didn't see Mary.
I saw Tom staring at Mary's legs.
I saw Tom in Boston last weekend.
I remember turning off the stove.
I really, really need to do that.
I need you to do that right away.
I might not have time to do that.
I met a friend of mine yesterday.
I like volleyball and basketball.
I like the dress Mary is wearing.
I like broccoli, but Tom doesn't.
I like Tom, but I don't love him.
I knew Tom and Mary were married.
I hope to go to Boston next year.
I have three dogs and three cats.
I had trouble finding your house.
I don't think I'll do that today.
I didn't get up until noon today.
Evidently, Tom didn't need to go.
Evidently, Tom didn't have to go.
Don't forget to mail the letters.
Don't Tom and Mary work together?
Doing that will take us too long.
Does Tom still think Mary did it?
Does Tom still really want to go?
Does Tom still like Chinese food?
Does Tom still have a girlfriend?
Does Tom still do that every day?
Did you catch that fish yourself?
Can you explain that to me again?
Are you still seeing a therapist?
You should go back to your room.
Why should Tom do that for Mary?
Why does Tom want to go with us?
Why are you speaking so quietly?
We'll have to start without Tom.
We can't go on living like this.
Tom's only companion is his dog.
Tom's explanation was confusing.
Tom won't be at school tomorrow.
Tom will probably die this week.
Tom will probably be late again.
Tom will probably be interested.
Tom will probably be here later.
Tom will probably be frustrated.
Tom will probably be eating now.
Tom will probably be downstairs.
Tom will be filling in for Mary.
Tom went for a walk in the park.
Tom wasn't telling us the truth.
Tom wasn't looking for sympathy.
Tom wasn't carrying an umbrella.
Tom was with us the entire time.
Tom was where Mary said he'd be.
Tom was waiting for a tow truck.
Tom was at the party, wasn't he?
Tom was arrested for kidnapping.
Tom wanted to try something new.
Tom wanted to talk to you again.
Tom wanted to talk to all of us.
Tom wanted to pay off his debts.
Tom wanted to know who did that.
Tom wanted to go to grad school.
Tom wanted to go out for a walk.
Tom wanted to come to our party.
Tom wanted to borrow some money.
Tom wanted to be more like Mary.
Tom wanted to be a veterinarian.
Tom used to enjoy rock climbing.
Tom tried to comfort his mother.
Tom told Mary what was going on.
Tom told Mary that he was sorry.
Tom told Mary about what he did.
Tom thought I wanted to do that.
Tom taught Mary a lot of things.
Tom still wants to go to Boston.
Tom shouldn't have quit his job.
Tom should tell Mary about that.
Tom says that he can see ghosts.
Tom says he won't need our help.
Tom says he has to work tonight.
Tom said that he wasn't annoyed.
Tom said that he was very lucky.
Tom said that he was really mad.
Tom said that Mary was prepared.
Tom said that Mary was innocent.
Tom said that Mary was confused.
Tom said he'd be going by train.
Tom said he was glad to see you.
Tom said he was glad to be here.
Tom said he didn't want a party.
Tom rides his bicycle every day.
Tom put his money in a shoe box.
Tom probably has food poisoning.
Tom noticed something was wrong.
Tom needs to pay more attention.
Tom needs to clean up this mess.
Tom lives in Boston, doesn't he?
Tom likes tea, but Mary doesn't.
Tom likes both science and math.
Tom knew something was going on.
Tom just wants Mary to be happy.
Tom isn't used to wearing shoes.
Tom isn't used to the food here.
Tom isn't trying to impress you.
Tom isn't supposed to leave yet.
Tom isn't supposed to have that.
Tom isn't stubborn like you are.
Tom isn't going with you, is he?
Tom isn't going to wait for you.
Tom isn't going to let Mary die.
Tom isn't going to buy that car.
Tom isn't doing the best he can.
Tom isn't doing anything, is he?
Tom isn't disturbing you, is he?
Tom isn't at home. He's at work.
Tom isn't afraid of competition.
Tom is waiting to hear from you.
Tom is waiting for you to leave.
Tom is very proud of all of you.
Tom is used to having me around.
Tom is trying as hard as he can.
Tom is too old to be doing that.
Tom is the person who helped me.
Tom is supposed to wait for you.
Tom is supposed to protect Mary.
Tom is staying at another hotel.
Tom is somewhere in the stadium.
Tom is really good-looking, too.
Tom is really going to miss you.
Tom is probably still miserable.
Tom is playing soccer somewhere.
Tom is on a very tight schedule.
Tom is never going to find Mary.
Tom is my only friend in Boston.
Tom is lucky that we helped him.
Tom is looking for his passport.
Tom is looking for an apartment.
Tom is likely to let Mary drive.
Tom is likely to come home soon.
Tom is leaving tomorrow morning.
Tom is hoping Mary will say yes.
Tom is going with you, isn't he?
Tom is going to wait in the car.
Tom is going to visit Australia.
Tom is going to miss doing this.
Tom is going to miss doing that.
Tom is going to lose everything.
Tom is going to look after Mary.
Tom is going to freeze to death.
Tom is going to figure this out.
Tom is going to be needing this.
Tom is going to Boston tomorrow.
Tom is getting busier every day.
Tom is doing that for the money.
Tom is dating a girl named Mary.
Tom is coming back home tonight.
Tom is at home with his parents.
Tom is always arguing with Mary.
Tom is about the same age as us.
Tom is a little behind schedule.
Tom insisted on buying me lunch.
Tom hoped Mary wouldn't be late.
Tom has to do a bit of shopping.
Tom has stopped going to church.
Tom has made a very big mistake.
Tom has gone blind in both eyes.
Tom has done something very bad.
Tom has done something terrible.
Tom has been to Australia twice.
Tom has been managing just fine.
Tom has asked me to talk to you.
Tom has asked me for some money.
Tom had difficulty finding Mary.
Tom doesn't want to study music.
Tom doesn't want to say goodbye.
Tom doesn't want to read a book.
Tom doesn't want to pay in cash.
Tom doesn't want to go with you.
Tom doesn't want to go swimming.
Tom doesn't want to go by train.
Tom doesn't want to eat with us.
Tom doesn't want to change that.
Tom doesn't want to be the boss.
Tom doesn't want to be a singer.
Tom doesn't want to be a doctor.
Tom doesn't plan on being there.
Tom didn't want to wait in line.
Tom didn't want to visit Boston.
Tom didn't want to talk so loud.
Tom didn't want to study abroad.
Tom didn't want to stick around.
Tom didn't want to stay with me.
Tom didn't want to sell his car.
Tom didn't want to learn French.
Tom didn't want to buy anything.
Tom didn't want to be in Boston.
Tom didn't want to be different.
Tom didn't want to be an artist.
Tom didn't want to be a teacher.
Tom didn't want to be a surgeon.
Tom didn't want to be a fireman.
Tom didn't survive the accident.
Tom didn't need to wait in line.
Tom didn't need to talk so loud.
Tom didn't need to study French.
Tom didn't need to stay with me.
Tom didn't need to go with Mary.
Tom didn't need to go to school.
Tom didn't need to go to Boston.
Tom didn't need to go back home.
Tom didn't need to get involved.
Tom didn't need to be so formal.
Tom didn't need to ask for help.
Tom didn't like going to school.
Tom didn't have to study French.
Tom didn't have to go to school.
Tom didn't have to go to Boston.
Tom didn't have to go back home.
Tom didn't have to get involved.
Tom didn't have to buy anything.
Tom didn't have to ask for help.
Tom constantly checks his phone.
Tom can probably help us escape.
Tom and Mary will work together.
Tom and Mary aren't engaged yet.
Tom and Mary are just different.
Tom accused me of being selfish.
The weather isn't so nice today.
That's a very beautiful picture.
Should I tell Tom what happened?
Nothing serious happened to Tom.
Neither Tom nor Mary is correct.
It's interesting to talk to Tom.
It's going to cool down tonight.
It's going to be very, very hot.
It's going to be cloudy all day.
It's going to be Christmas soon.
It was very crowded in the room.
I've never seen Tom around here.
I've never been bitten by a dog.
I'm used to driving on the left.
I'm sure Tom won't buy that car.
I'm not hungry, but I'm thirsty.
I'm not going to buy this shirt.
I'm going to send out my resume.
I'm glad Tom and Mary get along.
I'm dealing with that right now.
I'm Canadian, but my wife isn't.
I wasn't sure when I'd get here.
I was born in Australia in 2013.
I used to go swimming every day.
I think we're on the wrong road.
I think we'd better get started.
I still need to do that someday.
I now regret saying what I said.
I never like to travel by train.
I need to know why Tom did that.
I like the dress you're wearing.
I know lots of people in Boston.
I hope we don't miss our flight.
I guess we'd better get started.
I don't want to catch your cold.
I don't like being kept waiting.
I don't have Tom's phone number.
I didn't know that Tom was sick.
I bought these shoes last month.
Have you met your new neighbors?
Have you ever run in a marathon?
Even Tom didn't need to do that.
Even Tom didn't have to do that.
Does Tom still like Indian food?
Does Tom still believe in magic?
Does Tom have a fishing license?
Do you want me to open a window?
Do you think Tom is influential?
Are Tom and Mary still together?
"I work in Boston." "I do, too."
Why did Tom want to go with us?
Why did Tom want me to do that?
We played basketball on Monday.
Tom's locker is next to Mary's.
Tom won't have to say anything.
Tom will probably still be mad.
Tom will probably be terrified.
Tom will probably be skeptical.
Tom will probably be irritated.
Tom will probably be impressed.
Tom will probably be exhausted.
Tom will probably be desperate.
Tom will help me do that later.
Tom will drive us to the beach.
Tom will be helping me do that.
Tom went to college, didn't he?
Tom wasn't talking about today.
Tom was trying to impress Mary.
Tom was just talking about you.
Tom was being paid by the hour.
Tom wants Mary to do that for him.
Tom wanted to talk to me again.
Tom wanted to return to Boston.
Tom wanted to pay off his loan.
Tom wanted to own a restaurant.
Tom wanted to join the Marines.
Tom wanted to go to the movies.
Tom wanted to go out with Mary.
Tom wanted to file a complaint.
Tom wanted to eat here tonight.
Tom wanted to do that tomorrow.
Tom wanted to do something new.
Tom wanted to come and see you.
Tom wanted to buy a few things.
Tom wanted to become a surgeon.
Tom wanted to become a fireman.
Tom wanted to become a citizen.
Tom wanted to be a firefighter.
Tom wanted to attend the party.
Tom wanted to apologize to you.
Tom used to be a heavy drinker.
Tom still calls his mother Mom.
Tom shouldn't watch so much TV.
Tom seems to be having fun now.
Tom says he won't study French.
Tom said that he wasn't strong.
Tom said that he wasn't lonely.
Tom said that Mary wasn't safe.
Tom said that Mary wasn't rich.
Tom said that Mary wasn't done.
Tom said that Mary was unlucky.
Tom said that Mary was thirsty.
Tom said that Mary was pleased.
Tom said he isn't going ashore.
Tom said he didn't like Boston.
Tom said Mary saw John do that.
Tom runs a successful business.
Tom really wanted to kiss Mary.
Tom realized that he was dying.
Tom put the turkey in the oven.
Tom put the money in the trunk.
Tom poured himself some cereal.
Tom plans to just stay at home.
Tom only speaks French at home.
Tom needed to buy a few things.
Tom met Mary at a dinner party.
Tom lives near you, doesn't he?
Tom likes hearing himself talk.
Tom kept on flirting with Mary.
Tom isn't very good at his job.
Tom isn't used to this weather.
Tom isn't the person in charge.
Tom isn't telling us the truth.
Tom isn't telling me the truth.
Tom isn't sure what's going on.
Tom isn't looking for sympathy.
Tom isn't going to wait for me.
Tom isn't going to talk to you.
Tom isn't going to lose, is he?
Tom isn't going to let you die.
Tom isn't going anywhere today.
Tom isn't doing anything today.
Tom isn't concerned about that.
Tom isn't carrying an umbrella.
Tom isn't all that influential.
Tom is working on that problem.
Tom is waiting to talk to Mary.
Tom is waiting for your answer.
Tom is waiting for a tow truck.
Tom is very serious about that.
Tom is very nervous about that.
Tom is trying to work that out.
Tom is trying to get to Boston.
Tom is the one who's different.
Tom is supposed to wait for me.
Tom is still ahead of schedule.
Tom is still a little confused.
Tom is running out of patience.
Tom is running a little behind.
Tom is right and Mary is wrong.
Tom is really excited about it.
Tom is probably still angry.
Tom is probably still alone.
Tom is probably retired by now.
Tom is pretty proud of himself.
Tom is pretty excited about it.
Tom is pleased with the result.
Tom is now back from Australia.
Tom is looking forward to that.
Tom is likely to never recover.
Tom is likely to never do that.
Tom is likely to help us today.
Tom is likely to do that today.
Tom is likely to do that again.
Tom is likely to die in prison.
Tom is likely to come tomorrow.
Tom is just trying to help you.
Tom is just having a good time.
Tom is in a bit of a hurry now.
Tom is here to play basketball.
Tom is here on urgent business.
Tom is going to need more room.
Tom is going to move to Boston.
Tom is going to miss you a lot.
Tom is going to have to change.
Tom is going to do that for us.
Tom is going to do that for me.
Tom is going shopping tomorrow.
Tom is going back to his hotel.
Tom is going as fast as he can.
Tom is doing this to help Mary.
Tom is concerned about it, too.
Tom is better off without Mary.
Tom is as committed as you are.
Tom is a pretty logical person.
Tom has told Mary not to worry.
Tom has studied many religions.
Tom has found a new girlfriend.
Tom has been talking about you.
Tom had an interesting evening.
Tom gave Mary another chance.
Tom drove the boys to the pool.
Tom drove his sons to the pool.
Tom doesn't want to wear jeans.
Tom doesn't want to go, either.
Tom doesn't want to go outside.
Tom doesn't want to go hunting.
Tom doesn't want to contribute.
Tom doesn't want to be with us.
Tom doesn't want to be with me.
Tom doesn't want to be like me.
Tom doesn't want to be at home.
Tom doesn't want to be a pilot.
Tom doesn't know why Mary left.
Tom didn't want to wait for me.
Tom didn't want to talk to you.
Tom didn't want to say goodbye.
Tom didn't want to say a thing.
Tom didn't want to read a book.
Tom didn't want to pay in cash.
Tom didn't want to go anywhere.
Tom didn't want to eat with us.
Tom didn't want to do it alone.
Tom didn't want to come see me.
Tom didn't want to come at all.
Tom didn't want to change that.
Tom didn't want to be the boss.
Tom didn't want to be a singer.
Tom didn't want to be a lawyer.
Tom didn't want to be a doctor.
Tom didn't say Mary was hungry.
Tom didn't need to say a thing.
Tom didn't need to participate.
Tom didn't need to go anywhere.
Tom didn't need to do it alone.
Tom didn't need to convince me.
Tom didn't need to come see me.
Tom didn't know the truth then.
Tom didn't have to participate.
Tom didn't have to let Mary go.
Tom didn't have to come at all.
Tom can't go out with us today.
Tom broke his arm last weekend.
Tom asked me to give him money.
Tom and Mary ran away together.
Tom and Mary are talking again.
Tom and Mary are on this plane.
Tom always wears a tie to work.
Tom always thinks about others.
Tom already regrets doing that.
Tom almost missed the deadline.
This is going to come in handy.
Things aren't likely to change.
The burgers here are very good.
That coat is too small for you.
Please don't tell Tom anything.
Maybe Tom and Mary are in love.
Make sure you get here on time.
Luckily, Tom had a good lawyer.
It's going to be partly cloudy.
It's going to be fine tomorrow.
It's going to be different now.
It's going to be a tough match.
It's going to be a long winter.
It's going to be a fun weekend.
It was very crowded on the bus.
If I don't hurry, I'll be late.
I've been sick for three weeks.
I'm thinking of buying a house.
I'm taking an umbrella with me.
I'm ready to go, but Tom isn't.
I'm not sure what Tom is doing.
I'm just learning how to drive.
I'm going to a concert tonight.
I'm a little under the weather.
I'll probably see you tomorrow.
I'll be ready in three minutes.
I'd prefer to sit on the floor.
I'd like to try on these shoes.
I wonder why Tom asked me that.
I wasn't expecting Tom to come.
I was busy studying for a test.
I want to find a new apartment.
I used to go jogging every day.
I think we have to go upstairs.
I think Tom was looking at you.
I think Tom has fallen in love.
I started my new job on Monday.
I saw Tom fall off his bicycle.
I need you to do that tomorrow.
I need to do that this evening.
I met Tom at a party last week.
I like sports, but Tom doesn't.
I just got here a few days ago.
I hope you'll come to my party.
I hope you pass all your exams.
I hope we have time to do that.
I heard Tom crying in his room.
I have to try harder at school.
I have to clean my house today.
I forgot to pay the water bill.
I fell asleep during the movie.
I don't wash my car very often.
I don't want to go out tonight.
I don't want to cause problems.
I don't think we should go yet.
I don't know why Tom hates you.
I don't have your phone number.
I don't feel like going to bed.
I don't eat meat, but Tom does.
I can't help thinking about it.
How long were you in Australia?
How long have you had your car?
Does Tom still want to go home?
Does Tom still think Mary lied?
Does Tom still plan to help us?
Does Tom help you wash windows?
Did you and Tom like the movie?
Coffee is Tom's favorite drink.
Are you two traveling together?
All the tickets have been sold.
You should try something else.
Why did Tom want to help Mary?
What time is breakfast served?
What made Tom want to do that?
What exactly needs to be done.
What do you suggest we change?
We had an interesting evening.
We don't care what Tom thinks.
Tom's priorities have changed.
Tom's cellmate was a Canadian.
Tom's car crashed into a wall.
Tom's birthday is next Monday.
Tom won't stay here very long.
Tom won't be working tomorrow.
Tom won't be going back there.
Tom won't be at work tomorrow.
Tom will probably wait for us.
Tom will probably still be up.
Tom will probably be stubborn.
Tom will probably be prepared.
Tom will probably be grateful.
Tom will probably be forgiven.
Tom will probably arrive soon.
Tom will leave this afternoon.
Tom will do everything he can.
Tom will be the one in charge.
Tom will be going there alone.
Tom will be away until Monday.
Tom was where he said he'd be.
Tom was trying to impress you.
Tom was surprised and shocked.
Tom was sipping his margarita.
Tom was listening to the news.
Tom was just looking for Mary.
Tom was just following orders.
Tom was in a fight last night.
Tom was in Boston last summer.
Tom was born in this hospital.
Tom wants to help you do that.
Tom wants to buy a few things.
Tom wanted to study in Boston.
Tom wanted to meet Mary again.
Tom wanted to make Mary happy.
Tom wanted to live on his own.
Tom wanted to get to know you.
Tom wanted to get out of town.
Tom wanted to drink champagne.
Tom wanted to change all that.
Tom wanted to call his lawyer.
Tom wanted to buy our old car.
Tom wanted to buy another car.
Tom wanted to borrow your car.
Tom wanted to become a priest.
Tom wanted to be a lumberjack.
Tom used to work in a factory.
Tom used to be my best friend.
Tom used to be a heavy smoker.
Tom used to be a car mechanic.
Tom tried to be Mary's friend.
Tom tried to avoid doing that.
Tom took a self-defense class.
Tom talked with me about that.
Tom sounds like a nice person.
Tom should try something else.
Tom seemed to be very nervous.
Tom seemed to be a bit scared.
Tom says he's very happy here.
Tom says he might go shopping.
Tom said that he needs a loan.
Tom said that Mary was strong.
Tom said that Mary was eating.
Tom said that Mary was amused.
Tom said he'd be glad to help.
Tom said he was feeling great.
Tom said he was afraid to fly.
Tom said he didn't need money.
Tom really wanted to hug Mary.
Tom put the money in the sack.
Tom probably wants to do that.
Tom prayed for God's guidance.
Tom owns a thirteen acre farm.
Tom only drinks bottled water.
Tom needs to buy a few things.
Tom likes both Mary and Alice.
Tom isn't satisfied with that.
Tom isn't really my boyfriend.
Tom isn't likely to find Mary.
Tom isn't far from Boston now.
Tom isn't coming to the party.
Tom is working at a pet store.
Tom is very satisfied with it.
Tom is trying to sell his car.
Tom is trying to impress Mary.
Tom is trying to find out why.
Tom is still checking into it.
Tom is sorry that it happened.
Tom is serving time in prison.
Tom is running out of options.
Tom is really upset with Mary.
Tom is ready for an adventure.
Tom is probably still in jail.
Tom is probably in Boston now.
Tom is only here to help Mary.
Tom is on the right track now.
Tom is never going to find us.
Tom is never going to find me.
Tom is likely to win tomorrow.
Tom is likely to wait for you.
Tom is likely to study French.
Tom is likely to speak French.
Tom is likely to let Mary win.
Tom is likely to come by taxi.
Tom is leaving this afternoon.
Tom is just about ready to go.
Tom is interesting to talk to.
Tom is having a party tonight.
Tom is happy with his new car.
Tom is going to wait for Mary.
Tom is going to take his time.
Tom is going to need you here.
Tom is going to need a lawyer.
Tom is going to have fun, too.
Tom is going to get this done.
Tom is going to find out soon.
Tom is going to die, isn't he?
Tom is going to buy a new car.
Tom is going out to celebrate.
Tom is getting ready for that.
Tom is extremely disappointed.
Tom is excited to get started.
Tom is coming to pick Mary up.
Tom is being paid by the hour.
Tom is anxious to get started.
Tom is always doing something.
Tom is always arguing with me.
Tom is a good friend of ours.
Tom is a good baseball player.
Tom helped Mary tie her shoes.
Tom hasn't asked for anything.
Tom has to clean up this mess.
Tom got paid a lot to do that.
Tom got married to a Canadian.
Tom got a job teaching French.
Tom doesn't want to stop Mary.
Tom doesn't want to stay here.
Tom doesn't want to say hello.
Tom doesn't want to move here.
Tom doesn't want to kill Mary.
Tom doesn't want to help Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go abroad.
Tom doesn't want to get drunk.
Tom doesn't want to get a dog.
Tom doesn't want to eat pizza.
Tom doesn't want to come home.
Tom doesn't want to be famous.
Tom doesn't want a girlfriend.
Tom doesn't plan to step down.
Tom doesn't like his nickname.
Tom doesn't know how to relax.
Tom didn't want to wear jeans.
Tom didn't want to go, either.
Tom didn't want to go with me.
Tom didn't want to go hunting.
Tom didn't want to do a thing.
Tom didn't want to contribute.
Tom didn't want to be with us.
Tom didn't want to be with me.
Tom didn't want to be like me.
Tom didn't want to be at home.
Tom didn't want to be a pilot.
Tom didn't say Mary was wrong.
Tom didn't say Mary was right.
Tom didn't need to go with me.
Tom didn't tell me the whole truth.
Tom didn't have to talk to me.
Tom didn't have to go with us.
Tom didn't have to do a thing.
Tom couldn't finish his lunch.
Tom contradicts himself a lot.
Tom and Mary are taking turns.
Tom and I live on Park Street.
Tom always wears nice clothes.
Tom always gets to work early.
This won't take long, will it?
This coat is too small for me.
The exam was three hours long.
Should I invite Tom to dinner?
My room is on the third floor.
It's going to get warmer soon.
It's going to be hot tomorrow.
It's going to be cold tonight.
It was a long and tiring trip.
Is Tom always here on Mondays?
I've got a splitting headache.
I'm not interested in history.
I'm just learning how to swim.
I'm grateful for your support.
I'm going to watch TV tonight.
I'm going to request a refund.
I'm going to have some coffee.
I'm going to be a little late.
I'm going away for a few days.
I'm dealing with that problem.
I'll have a glass of red wine.
I'll clean up this mess later.
I'll check on that right away.
I'd rather snowboard than ski.
I'd rather not go out tonight.
I'd like to stay home tonight.
I'd like to send this airmail.
I'd like orange juice, please.
I went to bed before midnight.
I watch a lot of sports on TV.
I wasn't invited to the party.
I was late for work yesterday.
I was busy cleaning the house.
I was bitten by a dog last week.
I warned Tom not to come here.
I want you to wash the dishes.
I told Tom not to be so noisy.
I think you'll like this book.
I think we should take a taxi.
I think we should go home now.
I think everything will be OK.
I think I can find your house.
I still don't need to do that.
I promised I wouldn't be late.
I often forget people's names.
I never said it would be easy.
I like the people I work with.
I know exactly how Tom feels.
I hope something happens soon.
I hope Tom isn't at the party.
I hope I have time to do that.
I heard that Tom lost his job.
I heard someone slam the door.
I have to unpack my suitcases.
I have to go home immediately.
I had to walk home last night.
I don't think Tom believed me.
I don't really want to go out.
I don't like school very much.
I don't know why Tom hates me.
I don't have time to exercise.
I don't feel like leaving yet.
I didn't mean to stay so long.
I didn't know I needed a visa.
I didn't do that, but Tom did.
I apologize for being so late.
How much are the strawberries?
How many stitches did you get?
How long did you have to wait?
How long did Tom have to wait?
Don't bother locking the door.
Doing that will take too long.
Does Tom still work in Boston?
Does Tom still want to see me?
Does Tom still swim every day?
Does Tom still have long hair?
Does Tom still have a bicycle?
Does Tom like classical music?
Do you know this neighborhood?
Do Tom and Mary work together?
Do Tom and Mary have children?
Did you call Tom this morning?
"Where's Tom?" "I don't know."
"I work in Boston." "Me, too."
You can stay with us tonight.
Will Tom be working tomorrow?
Why does Tom want to eat now?
Why does Tom like this hotel?
What exactly do I need to do?
What exactly do I have to do?
What do you want for dessert?
We should try something else.
Was Tom surprised to see you?
Tom's cellmate is a Canadian.
Tom's apartment is very tidy.
Tom will probably leave soon.
Tom will probably be puzzled.
Tom will probably be present.
Tom will probably be pleased.
Tom will probably be outside.
Tom will probably be jealous.
Tom will probably be grouchy.
Tom will probably be excited.
Tom will probably be careful.
Tom will probably be annoyed.
Tom will be thirty on Monday.
Tom will be thirty next week.
Tom will be leaving tomorrow.
Tom will be here before Mary.
Tom went into the other room.
Tom watches TV every evening.
Tom wasn't prepared for that.
Tom wasn't playing the piano.
Tom wasn't able to find work.
Tom was wearing a blue shirt.
Tom was the person in charge.
Tom was stung by a jellyfish.
Tom wanted to thank you, too.
Tom wanted to take a day off.
Tom wanted to study medicine.
Tom wanted to speak with you.
Tom wanted to see both of us.
Tom wanted to play billiards.
Tom wanted to go there again.
Tom wanted to get rich quick.
Tom wanted to feel important.
Tom wanted to eat fried rice.
Tom wanted to come to Boston.
Tom wanted to buy some books.
Tom wanted to be happy again.
Tom wanted to be cooperative.
Tom wanted to be an engineer.
Tom wanted to be a paramedic.
Tom usually cycles to school.
Tom swore he'd do that today.
Tom seems to be a bit scared.
Tom says he'll wait for Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't poor.
Tom said that he wasn't full.
Tom said that Mary was lucky.
Tom put the money in the bag.
Tom promised to buy me lunch.
Tom probably won't find Mary.
Tom married a Canadian woman.
Tom knows a lot about tennis.
Tom isn't used to doing that.
Tom isn't tired, but Mary is.
Tom isn't sure where Mary is.
Tom isn't sure what it means.
Tom isn't sure what happened.
Tom isn't sure if he's right.
Tom isn't playing the guitar.
Tom isn't here. He went home.
Tom isn't going to stop here.
Tom isn't going to find Mary.
Tom isn't feeling well today.
Tom isn't doing anything now.
Tom isn't doing anything new.
Tom isn't as tired as we are.
Tom isn't afraid of the dark.
Tom is your friend, not mine.
Tom is way ahead of schedule.
Tom is wasting his time here.
Tom is waiting for your call.
Tom is waiting for something.
Tom is very excited about it.
Tom is trying to impress you.
Tom is too old to play games.
Tom is supposed to help Mary.
Tom is still figuring it out.
Tom is still as busy as ever.
Tom is sorry for what he did.
Tom is probably still hungry.
Tom is probably already dead.
Tom is much younger than you.
Tom is making a lot of noise.
Tom is lucky it's not Monday.
Tom is lucky Mary isn't here.
Tom is looking into that now.
Tom is looking for the truth.
Tom is living somewhere else.
Tom is listening to the news.
Tom is likely to come by cab.
Tom is leaving here tomorrow.
Tom is just looking for Mary.
Tom is interested in helping.
Tom is interested in biology.
Tom is interested in animals.
Tom is going to work on that.
Tom is going to visit Boston.
Tom is going to take it slow.
Tom is going to make it work.
Tom is going to make changes.
Tom is going to make a video.
Tom is going to have to move.
Tom is going to Mary's party.
Tom is going there next week.
Tom is doing the wrong thing.
Tom is coming to pick you up.
Tom is coming here right now.
Tom is back where he started.
Tom is aware of the problems.
Tom has told us not to worry.
Tom has told me not to worry.
Tom has to do that right now.
Tom has lived in many places.
Tom has gone to the hospital.
Tom has already gone to work.
Tom doesn't want to sit down.
Tom doesn't want to see that.
Tom doesn't want to meet you.
Tom doesn't want to marry me.
Tom doesn't want to hug Mary.
Tom doesn't want to help out.
Tom doesn't want to fix that.
Tom doesn't want to be first.
Tom doesn't want to be alone.
Tom doesn't plan to be there.
Tom didn't want to stop Mary.
Tom didn't want to stay here.
Tom didn't want to say hello.
Tom didn't want to move here.
Tom didn't want to kill Mary.
Tom didn't want to go abroad.
Tom didn't want to get drunk.
Tom didn't want to get a dog.
Tom didn't want to eat pizza.
Tom didn't want to come home.
Tom didn't want to be hugged.
Tom didn't want to be famous.
Tom didn't want to be a hero.
Tom didn't want to apologize.
Tom didn't say Mary was busy.
Tom didn't need to wait long.
Tom didn't need to let me go.
Tom didn't need to help Mary.
Tom didn't need to go either.
Tom didn't need to be helped.
Tom didn't need to apologize.
Tom didn't have to go either.
Tom didn't have to be helped.
Tom and Mary are friends now.
Tom and I had the same dream.
Tom always leaves work early.
Tom always gets here on time.
This is exactly what we want.
Things will be different now.
That coat is too big for you.
Some people are very selfish.
Should I tell Tom everything?
Please be quiet. I'm working.
Our team is one player short.
Nobody believed Tom at first.
My best friend is a Canadian.
Mary is about to have a baby.
It's going to be spring soon.
It's going to be lots of fun.
It's going to be interesting.
I've never seen Tom so upset.
I'm very proud of all of you.
I'm pretty sure Tom is wrong.
I'm not interested in poetry.
I'm never invited to parties.
I'm in the same class as Tom.
I'm going to help my friends.
I'm busy studying for a test.
I'd love to meet your family.
I'd like to meet your family.
I wore my new suit on Monday.
I was in Australia last year.
I was here all day yesterday.
I want Tom to leave me alone.
I tried to keep my eyes open.
I think that Tom is an idiot.
I think Tom is likely to cry.
I think I should go home now.
I still call my father Daddy.
I promise I'll do that today.
I need to find a gas station.
I might play tennis tomorrow.
I might go see Tom on Monday.
I hope they don't torture us.
I hope I can impress my boss.
I have to unpack my suitcase.
I have to go home right away.
I don't think Tom will agree.
I don't often walk to school.
I don't feel very well today.
I didn't tell Tom about that.
I cleaned my room last night.
I always go to school by bus.
Don't bother waiting for Tom.
Does it snow a lot in Boston?
Does Tom still work for Mary?
Does Tom still teach history?
Does Tom still need a doctor?
Does Tom still look confused?
Does Tom still like tomatoes?
Does Tom still like it there?
Does Tom still do that a lot?
Did you have a nice vacation?
Could I borrow your umbrella?
You can ask questions later.
Why does Tom want to see me?
Why did Tom do that himself?
When will you see Tom again?
What changes should we make?
We have three grandchildren.
We aren't on the right road.
Tom won't do anything crazy.
Tom will tell Mary tomorrow.
Tom will probably walk here.
Tom will probably be sleepy.
Tom will probably be grumpy.
Tom will probably be chosen.
Tom will probably be absent.
Tom will have to leave soon.
Tom will be there with Mary.
Tom wasn't talking about us.
Tom was pretty disappointed.
Tom was pretty busy himself.
Tom was just being cautious.
Tom was hungry this morning.
Tom wanted to work for Mary.
Tom wanted to think it over.
Tom wanted to see everybody.
Tom wanted to join the team.
Tom wanted to join the Army.
Tom wanted to join our club.
Tom wanted to hear from you.
Tom wanted to have some fun.
Tom wanted to go for a walk.
Tom wanted to give it a try.
Tom wanted to do that today.
Tom wanted to do a good job.
Tom wanted to cheer Mary up.
Tom wanted to buy a new car.
Tom wanted to become famous.
Tom wanted to be the winner.
Tom wanted to be pharmacist.
Tom wanted to be a stuntman.
Tom wanted to be a diplomat.
Tom wanted to be a designer.
Tom should've been expelled.
Tom seems to be influential.
Tom says he's pretty hungry.
Tom says he's feeling tired.
Tom said that Mary was next.
Tom said that Mary was hurt.
Tom said that Mary was free.
Tom said that Mary was fine.
Tom said that Mary was done.
Tom said he won't go ashore.
Tom put the ham in the oven.
Tom massaged Mary's temples.
Tom made a very big mistake.
Tom lives next to a library.
Tom lived next to a library.
Tom likes his new job a lot.
Tom isn't working this week.
Tom isn't the one in charge.
Tom isn't really my brother.
Tom isn't prepared for that.
Tom isn't my friend anymore.
Tom isn't going to stop you.
Tom isn't going to stop now.
Tom isn't going to catch me.
Tom isn't going out tonight.
Tom is working this weekend.
Tom is working hard on that.
Tom is watching a movie now.
Tom is very happy with that.
Tom is updating his website.
Tom is trying to save money.
Tom is skeptical about that.
Tom is sitting on the floor.
Tom is running out of water.
Tom is running out of money.
Tom is pretty proud of that.
Tom is pretty near finished.
Tom is pretty much finished.
Tom is planning to be there.
Tom is on his way to school.
Tom is on his way to Mary's.
Tom is now in Mary's office.
Tom is never here on Monday.
Tom is making some progress.
Tom is making good progress.
Tom is making a big mistake.
Tom is looking for a lawyer.
Tom is likely to be elected.
Tom is keeping an eye on it.
Tom is just passing through.
Tom is just getting started.
Tom is here to support Mary.
Tom is here to protect Mary.
Tom is heading back to town.
Tom is having problems here.
Tom is grateful to be alive.
Tom is going tomorrow night.
Tom is going to wait for me.
Tom is going to need a loan.
Tom is going to invite Mary.
Tom is going to go get Mary.
Tom is going to change that.
Tom is getting a lot better.
Tom is fortunate to be here.
Tom is concerned about that.
Tom is buying food for Mary.
Tom is being treated fairly.
Tom is aware of the problem.
Tom is almost finished here.
Tom is a skilled blacksmith.
Tom is a pretty good friend.
Tom is a normal teenage boy.
Tom is a convicted murderer.
Tom is a Canadian, isn't he?
Tom hasn't been complaining.
Tom has been to Boston once.
Tom has a university degree.
Tom had to wait a long time.
Tom doesn't want to sell it.
Tom doesn't want to meet me.
Tom doesn't want to keep it.
Tom doesn't think he snores.
Tom doesn't feel well today.
Tom didn't want to sit down.
Tom didn't want to see that.
Tom didn't want to meet you.
Tom didn't want to marry me.
Tom didn't want to hug Mary.
Tom didn't want to help out.
Tom didn't want to fix that.
Tom didn't want to be first.
Tom didn't want to be alone.
Tom didn't need to thank us.
Tom didn't need to thank me.
Tom didn't have to go there.
Tom didn't have to be there.
Tom didn't finish his lunch.
Tom can't meet us on Monday.
Tom bought a bottle of wine.
Tom asked me to talk to you.
Tom and John are my nephews.
This coat is too big for me.
There's nowhere to sit down.
There isn't anything to eat.
The person in charge is Tom.
Something is wrong with Tom.
Our priorities have changed.
Just put the suitcases here.
It's very warm in this room.
It's going to work for sure.
It's going to get warm soon.
It's going to be very tough.
It's going to be light soon.
It was a nice day yesterday.
I've already read that book.
I'm too old to be doing this.
I'm staying at home tonight.
I'm playing tennis tomorrow.
I'm not sure where you live.
I'm going to run a marathon.
I'd like to go to Australia.
I'd like my steak well done.
I won't be at home tomorrow.
I was warned not to do that.
I usually do that every day.
I used to sing in the choir.
I used to jog every morning.
I told Tom that I loved him.
I told Tom it was dangerous.
I think you'll like it here.
I still call my mother Mama.
I seldom read books anymore.
I saw Tom waiting for a bus.
I saw Tom fall off his bike.
I regret saying what I said.
I need some help doing this.
I need some help doing that.
I met a woman who knows you.
I know Tom is likely to cry.
I know Tom is in his office.
I hope to pass all my exams.
I have to go to the dentist.
I have to go shopping today.
I have three older brothers.
I had no trouble doing that.
I had difficulty doing that.
I got the job I applied for.
I get paid a lot to do this.
I don't watch TV very often.
I don't think Tom said that.
I don't drink a lot of wine.
I didn't watch TV yesterday.
I already regret doing that.
How can we make that better?
Does Tom still wear glasses?
Does Tom still want to come?
Does Tom still have a fever?
Does Tom still have a beard?
Does Tom still go to school?
Does Tom still go to church?
Does Tom still drink coffee?
Do Tom and John have beards?
Do I need to change clothes?
Did Tom give you my message?
Both Tom and Mary can drive.
Aren't Tom and Mary friends?
You really need to do that.
You didn't have to help me.
Why does Tom want you here?
Tom's shift isn't over yet.
Tom won't take any chances.
Tom will probably die soon.
Tom will probably be right.
Tom will probably be pushy.
Tom will probably be first.
Tom will probably be fired.
Tom will probably be drunk.
Tom will probably be broke.
Tom will probably be bored.
Tom will probably be awake.
Tom will probably be alone.
Tom will buy food for Mary.
Tom will be here all night.
Tom went to visit a friend.
Tom wasn't going very fast.
Tom was trying to scare us.
Tom was right here with me.
Tom was just being careful.
Tom wants to do that again.
Tom wanted to visit Boston.
Tom wanted to teach French.
Tom wanted to study abroad.
Tom wanted to stick around.
Tom wanted to speak to you.
Tom wanted to sell his car.
Tom wanted to see us again.
Tom wanted to look younger.
Tom wanted to know who won.
Tom wanted to kill himself.
Tom wanted to go back home.
Tom wanted to dye his hair.
Tom wanted to donate money.
Tom wanted to be respected.
Tom wanted to be in Boston.
Tom wanted to be different.
Tom wanted to be a surgeon.
Tom used to live on a boat.
Tom used to enjoy swimming.
Tom used to be a policeman.
Tom used to be a bartender.
Tom tried to restrain Mary.
Tom tends to forget things.
Tom sounds like a nice guy.
Tom says he won't ever win.
Tom said that Mary was sad.
Tom said that Mary was mad.
Tom said he was in a hurry.
Tom recommended this movie.
Tom recommended this hotel.
Tom passed his French test.
Tom ought to wait for Mary.
Tom often sings in his car.
Tom never talks about that.
Tom needs to wait for Mary.
Tom lives just a mile away.
Tom knows a lot about that.
Tom isn't worried about it.
Tom isn't working for Mary.
Tom isn't too old for Mary.
Tom isn't that influential.
Tom isn't really my cousin.
Tom isn't going to help me.
Tom isn't going to go away.
Tom isn't going back there.
Tom isn't doing that today.
Tom is wearing his uniform.
Tom is trying to reach you.
Tom is taking a look at it.
Tom is still working on it.
Tom is still in good shape.
Tom is still a good friend.
Tom is safe here, isn't he?
Tom is safe for the moment.
Tom is running out of food.
Tom is really running late.
Tom is quicker than we are.
Tom is pretty good at this.
Tom is pretty good at that.
Tom is pretty disappointed.
Tom is pretty busy himself.
Tom is playing in the park.
Tom is one of my relatives.
Tom is my only friend here.
Tom is looking for you now.
Tom is looking for his dog.
Tom is likely to win today.
Tom is likely to win again.
Tom is likely to be home soon.
Tom is just being cautious.
Tom is just about finished.
Tom is in a safe place now.
Tom is in Boston right now.
Tom is here to support you.
Tom is here because of you.
Tom is heading out of town.
Tom is having a tough time.
Tom is going to visit Mary.
Tom is going to call later.
Tom is filling in for Mary.
Tom is faster than you are.
Tom is exhausted, isn't he?
Tom is confident he'll win.
Tom is concerned about you.
Tom is coming back tonight.
Tom is being very cautious.
Tom is back from Australia.
Tom is at home watching TV.
Tom is always very careful.
Tom is a wonderful teacher.
Tom is a very quiet person.
Tom is a typical youngster.
Tom is a lot different now.
Tom heard a loud explosion.
Tom has to do that at once.
Tom has no plan to do that.
Tom has never been camping.
Tom has made a big mistake.
Tom has done something bad.
Tom drinks a lot of coffee.
Tom doesn't want to try it.
Tom doesn't want to see us.
Tom doesn't want to see me.
Tom doesn't want to see it.
Tom doesn't want to retire.
Tom doesn't want to escape.
Tom doesn't want to change.
Tom doesn't talk very much.
Tom didn't want to sell it.
Tom didn't want to see you.
Tom didn't want to meet me.
Tom didn't want to keep it.
Tom didn't need to help us.
Tom didn't need to help me.
Tom didn't have to help us.
Tom didn't have to go home.
Tom broke into Mary's room.
Tom and Mary are on a date.
This is taking us too long.
This hotel isn't very good.
There was a lot of traffic.
Tell Tom I want to do that.
Should I turn on the light?
My job is very interesting.
It's going to be worthless.
It's going to be hilarious.
It's going to be dangerous.
I've got to brush my teeth.
I'm not waiting any longer.
I'm going to eat some cake.
I'd recommend taking a bus.
I'd like to buy a used car.
I'd like something cheaper.
I was late for the meeting.
I want to meet your family.
I want Tom to stay with me.
I think you've seen enough.
I think we'll win the game.
I think Tom works at night.
I think Tom is coming over.
I think I'll go for a walk.
I stayed in bed until noon.
I saw Tom get into his car.
I really needed to do that.
I put my bags on the table.
I often get up before 6:30.
I need to do that sometime.
I need to call a tow truck.
I love dancing in the rain.
I like Tom and he likes me.
I hope we can do that here.
I haven't been here before.
I have three older sisters.
I didn't get up until noon.
I can't stand this anymore.
I can't seem to stay awake.
I always go to work by bus.
Don't force Tom to do that.
Does Tom still play tennis?
Does Tom still like school?
Does Tom still like Boston?
Does Tom still have a boat?
Does Tom look angry to you?
Come here and look at this.
Come back here immediately.
Can you explain that again?
Will Tom be here tomorrow?
Why's Tom working so hard?
Why does Tom want to stay?
Why did Tom open the door?
Which way are you heading?
Where will you be at 2:30?
Where does Tom have to go?
What time is Tom arriving?
Were Tom and Mary friends?
Was Tom at work yesterday?
Tom wore a pirate costume.
Tom won't starve to death.
Tom went to the cafeteria.
Tom was the one in charge.
Tom was hoping to see you.
Tom was hesitant at first.
Tom was cautious at first.
Tom was able to find work.
Tom wants help doing that.
Tom wanted to study music.
Tom wanted to sleep on it.
Tom wanted to see results.
Tom wanted to ride a bull.
Tom wanted to read a book.
Tom wanted to pay in cash.
Tom wanted to make a deal.
Tom wanted to go with you.
Tom wanted to go by train.
Tom wanted to get married.
Tom wanted to get his GED.
Tom wanted to eat with us.
Tom wanted to change that.
Tom wanted to buy a house.
Tom wanted to become rich.
Tom wanted to be the boss.
Tom wanted to be near you.
Tom wanted to be a singer.
Tom used to enjoy cooking.
Tom speaks many languages.
Tom seems to know already.
Tom said he felt helpless.
Tom recommended this book.
Tom pushed his plate away.
Tom prayed for God's help.
Tom might lose everything.
Tom lives in a safe place.
Tom left here a while ago.
Tom jumped into the river.
Tom isn't really sure yet.
Tom isn't really my uncle.
Tom isn't getting dressed.
Tom isn't at school today.
Tom isn't afraid to fight.
Tom isn't above criticism.
Tom is working hard on it.
Tom is waiting for dinner.
Tom is very well prepared.
Tom is very proud of that.
Tom is very proud of Mary.
Tom is trying to scare us.
Tom is still working hard.
Tom is still not sure why.
Tom is sick of doing that.
Tom is safe now, isn't he?
Tom is really competitive.
Tom is ready to leave now.
Tom is quite fond of Mary.
Tom is on this plane, too.
Tom is on the right track.
Tom is managing just fine.
Tom is managing all right.
Tom is likely to be there.
Tom is leaving right away.
Tom is just being careful.
Tom is having a good year.
Tom is happy with his car.
Tom is going to walk home.
Tom is going to the beach.
Tom is going to Australia.
Tom is finished, isn't he?
Tom is faster than we are.
Tom is excited about that.
Tom is confused, isn't he?
Tom is concerned about it.
Tom is checking into that.
Tom is busy at the moment.
Tom is better than we are.
Tom is aware of the risks.
Tom is at the supermarket.
Tom is already a teenager.
Tom is about through here.
Tom is Mary's only friend.
Tom helped Mary yesterday.
Tom has changed the rules.
Tom has been wasting time.
Tom got married last week.
Tom doesn't work at night.
Tom doesn't want to watch.
Tom doesn't want to relax.
Tom doesn't want to pitch.
Tom doesn't want to do it.
Tom doesn't want to dance.
Tom doesn't have a lawyer.
Tom didn't want to try it.
Tom didn't want to see us.
Tom didn't want to see it.
Tom didn't want to retire.
Tom didn't want to escape.
Tom didn't want to change.
Tom asked Mary to help us.
Tom and Mary are swimming.
Should I call you tonight?
My suitcase is very heavy.
My neighbors are Canadian.
It's going to be worth it.
It's going to be painless.
It's going to be exciting.
Is Tom playing the guitar?
I've talked to you before.
I've enjoyed my stay here.
I'm not sure what that is.
I'm not going to buy this.
I'm going to stop smoking.
I'll do all I can to help.
I'd rather stand than sit.
I'd like to go to bed now.
I won't be here next week.
I woke up early yesterday.
I was busy cooking dinner.
I used to sing in a choir.
I told Tom not to be late.
I think I scared Tom away.
I regret not inviting Tom.
I promise I won't be late.
I probably won't be there.
I need to save more money.
I need to do that someday.
I need to do that for you.
I might see Tom on Monday.
I met a man who knows you.
I knew that Tom was lying.
I have to work until 2:30.
I have to work on Mondays.
I hardly ever read in bed.
I had to wait a long time.
I don't like orange juice.
I don't go out very often.
I don't care where we eat.
I didn't visit the museum.
I didn't mean to say that.
I bought my ticket online.
Does Tom still want a car?
Does Tom still look upset?
Does Tom still look angry?
Does Tom still have a key?
Does Tom still have a job?
Does Tom still have a cat?
Does Tom still have a car?
Does Tom still always win?
Do you like ghost stories?
Do you know Tom's brother?
Did you see Tom yesterday?
Did Tom come to the party?
Are you afraid of spiders?
You can do that yourself.
Why does Tom like Boston?
Why did Tom want to stay?
Which way are you headed?
When does Tom have to go?
What time did Tom go out?
We need to obey the laws.
Tom's shift ends at 2:30.
Tom's car's always dirty.
Tom works at this clinic.
Tom won't leave you here.
Tom won't be going there.
Tom will probably forget.
Tom will figure this out.
Tom wasn't talking to us.
Tom was playing football.
Tom was grinning at Mary.
Tom was eating ice cream.
Tom was doing that wrong.
Tom was born on a Monday.
Tom wants to go home now.
Tom wanted to wear jeans.
Tom wanted to talk to me.
Tom wanted to go with us.
Tom wanted to go outside.
Tom wanted to go hunting.
Tom wanted to contribute.
Tom wanted to be with us.
Tom wanted to be with me.
Tom wanted to be popular.
Tom wanted to be like me.
Tom wanted to be at home.
Tom wanted to be admired.
Tom wanted to be a pilot.
Tom used to be a dentist.
Tom tried being friendly.
Tom organized this party.
Tom never said thank you.
Tom never got in trouble.
Tom needs an interpreter.
Tom lives near the river.
Tom isn't ready to begin.
Tom isn't hurting anyone.
Tom is who he says he is.
Tom is waiting for a bus.
Tom is unsure what to do.
Tom is the only one left.
Tom is the only guy here.
Tom is the one in charge.
Tom is still pretty busy.
Tom is still on the team.
Tom is still cleaning up.
Tom is ready to help you.
Tom is quieter than Mary.
Tom is probably dead now.
Tom is on a tight budget.
Tom is meeting with Mary.
Tom is looking into that.
Tom is likely to succeed.
Tom is likely to be fair.
Tom is leaving right now.
Tom is leaving next year.
Tom is just here to help.
Tom is just finishing up.
Tom is just disappointed.
Tom is invited to dinner.
Tom is in good condition.
Tom is here to play golf.
Tom is here to meet Mary.
Tom is good at this game.
Tom is going to the pool.
Tom is going to see Mary.
Tom is going to my place.
Tom is going to fix this.
Tom is going to fix that.
Tom is going there alone.
Tom is going out tonight.
Tom is from a big family.
Tom is doing fine so far.
Tom is doing fairly well.
Tom is coming right back.
Tom is certainly curious.
Tom is behind bars again.
Tom is ahead of schedule.
Tom is a very old friend.
Tom doesn't want to work.
Tom doesn't want to walk.
Tom doesn't want to talk.
Tom doesn't want to stay.
Tom doesn't want to sing.
Tom doesn't want to quit.
Tom doesn't want to play.
Tom doesn't want to help.
Tom doesn't study enough.
Tom doesn't study French.
Tom doesn't like his job.
Tom doesn't have to wait.
Tom doesn't care who won.
Tom didn't want to watch.
Tom didn't want to study.
Tom didn't want to speak.
Tom didn't want to relax.
Tom didn't want to pitch.
Tom didn't want to fight.
Tom didn't want to dance.
Tom didn't need to worry.
Tom didn't need to study.
Tom didn't need to speak.
Tom didn't need to leave.
Tom didn't need to drive.
Tom didn't need to do it.
Tom didn't have to drive.
Tom came with his father.
Tom and Mary are parents.
Tom and John have beards.
This is a very good book.
There's nothing to drink.
Tell me why you're angry.
Not many people like Tom.
My eyes aren't very good.
I've never played tennis.
I'm trying to find a job.
I'm terrified of spiders.
I'm sorry about the mess.
I'm not working tomorrow.
I'm not good at swimming.
I'm going to read a book.
I'll send you my picture.
I worked late last night.
I was working last night.
I was here all last week.
I was about to go to bed.
I want to brush my teeth.
I think we might be lost.
I think I'll sit outside.
I think I'll do that now.
I slept until noon today.
I should do that for you.
I really need to do that.
I promise not to do that.
I promise not to be late.
I now regret saying that.
I needed to do that, too.
I need to brush my teeth.
I might see you tomorrow.
I might go to the movies.
I might be late tomorrow.
I met Tom on my way home.
I know I locked the door.
I guess I'll take a taxi.
I feel like a new person.
I don't often drink wine.
I can't eat strawberries.
How should I change that?
Good shoes are expensive.
Don't trust Tom too much.
Does Tom still want this?
Does Tom still need help?
Does Tom still like jazz?
Does Tom still like cats?
Does Tom still help Mary?
Does Tom still cry a lot?
Do you know Tom's sister?
Do you know Tom's mother?
Do you know Tom's father?
Are Tom and Mary married?
Are Tom and Mary friends?
You can turn off the TV.
You can call me tonight.
Why does Tom want to go?
Who was Tom waiting for?
We enjoyed our vacation.
Tom's face is very pale.
Tom works in a bank now.
Tom woke up before Mary.
Tom was riding his bike.
Tom was good at his job.
Tom wanted to stop Mary.
Tom wanted to stay here.
Tom wanted to say hello.
Tom wanted to pay later.
Tom wanted to move here.
Tom wanted to go abroad.
Tom wanted to get drunk.
Tom wanted to get a dog.
Tom wanted to do better.
Tom wanted to disappear.
Tom wanted to come home.
Tom wanted to be wanted.
Tom wanted to be hugged.
Tom wanted to be a hero.
Tom should talk to Mary.
Tom says he didn't swim.
Tom sat near the window.
Tom sat alone on a rock.
Tom said he didn't swim.
Tom said he didn't mind.
Tom needs to find a job.
Tom likes horror movies.
Tom knows Mary is angry.
Tom isn't going to quit.
Tom isn't convinced yet.
Tom isn't at work today.
Tom isn't a millionaire.
Tom is very, very lucky.
Tom is very, very angry.
Tom is too old for this.
Tom is to blame as well.
Tom is terrified of you.
Tom is still having fun.
Tom is still doing well.
Tom is ready to move on.
Tom is psyched about it.
Tom is pretty near done.
Tom is pretty confident.
Tom is playing football.
Tom is part of the team.
Tom is making something.
Tom is leaving tomorrow.
Tom is just a young boy.
Tom is in Australia now.
Tom is here to see Mary.
Tom is here on vacation.
Tom is here for the day.
Tom is helping Mary out.
Tom is heading this way.
Tom is happy to be here.
Tom is grinning at Mary.
Tom is going to hear us.
Tom is going to eat now.
Tom is going to be rich.
Tom is going to a party.
Tom is going for a walk.
Tom is fixing the latch.
Tom is faster than Mary.
Tom is eager to see you.
Tom is coming to get us.
Tom is building a house.
Tom is bound to get wet.
Tom is back on schedule.
Tom is about to go home.
Tom is Mary's assistant.
Tom heard Mary laughing.
Tom hasn't told us much.
Tom has to go to Boston.
Tom has found a new job.
Tom has a very easy job.
Tom fell off the ladder.
Tom doesn't want to run.
Tom doesn't have a bike.
Tom didn't want to work.
Tom didn't want to walk.
Tom didn't want to quit.
Tom didn't want to play.
Tom didn't need to talk.
Tom didn't need to stay.
Tom didn't need to hide.
Tom didn't need to help.
Tom didn't have to wait.
Tom didn't have to sing.
Tom didn't have to help.
Tom chewed on his nails.
Tom can't see you today.
Tom called Mary a moron.
Tom became a missionary.
It's going to be cloudy.
Is Tom always like that?
I've just spoken to Tom.
I've been really sleepy.
I'm not studying French.
I'm not good at drawing.
I'm going to go to work.
I'm glad you're with us.
I'm busy cooking dinner.
I'll be there next week.
I visited Tom last week.
I used to jog every day.
I told Tom not to shout.
I should call Tom first.
I saw Tom slip and fall.
I need to buy some food.
I might go to Australia.
I lost my key yesterday.
I have to study tonight.
I got caught in traffic.
I didn't quite get that.
I can't help loving you.
I can tell Tom anything.
Does Tom still work out?
Does Tom still have one?
Does Tom still enjoy it?
Does Tom still eat meat?
Does Tom live near here?
Are you really a lawyer?
Would you like a spoon?
Why does Tom know that?
Why did Tom want to go?
We've bought a new car.
We live on Park Street.
Try to avoid junk food.
Tom won't buy that car.
Tom will fix the latch.
Tom will be a bit late.
Tom wasn't able to win.
Tom was treated fairly.
Tom was in bed, asleep.
Tom was carrying a bag.
Tom was actually early.
Tom wanted to sit down.
Tom wanted to see that.
Tom wanted to marry me.
Tom wanted to know why.
Tom wanted to help out.
Tom wanted to be loved.
Tom wanted to be liked.
Tom snuck out at night.
Tom sings in the choir.
Tom says he won't swim.
Tom says he won't mind.
Tom plays guitar a lot.
Tom needs to be warned.
Tom makes minimum wage.
Tom loves Mary so much.
Tom lost sight of Mary.
Tom isn't turning back.
Tom isn't at home much.
Tom isn't an economist.
Tom is very happy here.
Tom is tired of losing.
Tom is taking too long.
Tom is still very busy.
Tom is still too young.
Tom is still out there.
Tom is still in school.
Tom is still improving.
Tom is still confident.
Tom is staring at Mary.
Tom is riding his bike.
Tom is ready, isn't he?
Tom is ready to go now.
Tom is quite safe here.
Tom is looking into it.
Tom is kind of serious.
Tom is going to escape.
Tom is going to church.
Tom is going out again.
Tom is going back home.
Tom is glad to be here.
Tom is fine on his own.
Tom is filthy rich now.
Tom is doing just that.
Tom is doing OK so far.
Tom is counting on you.
Tom is checking it now.
Tom is better than you.
Tom is behind schedule.
Tom is aware of it now.
Tom is already at home.
Tom is almost home now.
Tom is almost finished.
Tom is a schoolteacher.
Tom is a piano teacher.
Tom is a lot older now.
Tom has traveled a lot.
Tom has short hair now.
Tom has broken his arm.
Tom got a job teaching.
Tom felt very isolated.
Tom drank all the wine.
Tom doesn't have a key.
Tom doesn't feel tired.
Tom didn't want to run.
Tom didn't want to lie.
Tom didn't need to lie.
Tom didn't need to eat.
Tom did me a big favor.
Tom cries all the time.
Tom ate a light supper.
This suitcase is heavy.
That's not my umbrella.
Please try to be quiet.
Please be here by 2:30.
It's very cozy in here.
It's going to be tough.
It's going to be sunny.
It's going to be scary.
It's going to be risky.
I've eaten here before.
I've done the shopping.
I'm sure Tom will call.
I'll be back in a week.
I worry about you, too.
I was tired last night.
I told Tom to hurry up.
I think Tom hates Mary.
I saw Tom last weekend.
I need to do that, too.
I need a bottle opener.
I like your new jacket.
I have to wear glasses.
I have to do some work.
I always enjoy parties.
Food here is expensive.
Don't let this get wet.
Does Tom still need me?
Does Tom still have it?
Does Tom live near you?
Does Tom ever call you?
Could I ask a question?
Why does Tom eat pork?
What did you show Tom?
Tom's boots are muddy.
Tom will look at it.
Tom was staring at me.
Tom wanted to stop us.
Tom wanted to keep it.
Tom wanted to go, too.
Tom wanted to be last.
Tom wanted to be here.
Tom unleashed his dog.
Tom tried to fix that.
Tom took a yoga class.
Tom taught Mary a lot.
Tom should study more.
Tom paid for the meal.
Tom often watches CNN.
Tom met us last night.
Tom let me sit by him.
Tom isn't on the list.
Tom isn't going there.
Tom isn't a foreigner.
Tom is wearing a coat.
Tom is very impressed.
Tom is very confident.
Tom is still not sure.
Tom is still not safe.
Tom is still in there.
Tom is still checking.
Tom is staring at you.
Tom is scared of Mary.
Tom is right on track.
Tom is really pleased.
Tom is ready, I think.
Tom is ready to begin.
Tom is ready for that.
Tom is ready for Mary.
Tom is probably ready.
Tom is on his way now.
Tom is making a movie.
Tom is likely to wait.
Tom is likely to fail.
Tom is just different.
Tom is in third place.
Tom is here in Boston.
Tom is having fun now.
Tom is going downtown.
Tom is done for today.
Tom is being laid off.
Tom is being cautious.
Tom is baking cookies.
Tom is actually early.
Tom is about to start.
Tom is a very old man.
Tom is a teacher here.
Tom hopped in the car.
Tom heard a loud bang.
Tom hasn't complained.
Tom fell off his bike.
Tom fell off a ladder.
Tom drank three beers.
Tom asked us for help.
Tom and Mary saw John.
Tom always helps Mary.
This soup's too salty.
My job is very boring.
It's your turn to pay.
It's hot in this room.
I've made some coffee.
I've bought a new car.
I'm too old to do that.
I'm tired of standing.
I'm getting a new car.
I'm feeling depressed.
I'm caught in traffic.
I'm brushing my teeth.
I'm better than I was.
I'll have the chicken.
I know some first aid.
I knew Tom lied to us.
I knew Tom lied to me.
I had a nice vacation.
I had a good vacation.
I fell off my bicycle.
I enjoyed my vacation.
I eat fruit every day.
I don't work at night.
I can't see you today.
I can't eat that much.
Don't buy those shoes.
Does Tom go out often?
Diamonds aren't cheap.
Can Tom drive a truck?
Your house is on fire!
Why did Tom help you?
Why did Tom eat pork?
What time did Tom go?
We'll need some help.
We have a spare room.
Tom was watching CNN.
Tom was mean to Mary.
Tom was a bit scared.
Tom wanted to try it.
Tom wanted to see us.
Tom wanted to retire.
Tom wanted to escape.
Tom sat on the table.
Tom sang three songs.
Tom often wears blue.
Tom never watches TV.
Tom must not do that.
Tom might call later.
Tom makes good money.
Tom made Mary suffer.
Tom isn't used to it.
Tom isn't being sued.
Tom is tired of this.
Tom is the new owner.
Tom is still with me.
Tom is still excited.
Tom is scared of you.
Tom is really afraid.
Tom is proud of that.
Tom is on this plane.
Tom is inexperienced.
Tom is here for Mary.
Tom is getting tired.
Tom is finally alone.
Tom is desperate now.
Tom is baking a cake.
Tom has to work late.
Tom has to be warned.
Tom has a cold again.
Tom drives a minivan.
Tom can do that here.
Please open a window.
Is Tom working today?
I've cleaned my room.
I'm stuck in traffic.
I'm good at swimming.
I was sick last week.
I was here last week.
I think Tom hates us.
I need some exercise.
I like rock and roll.
Here's your room key.
Do you work at night?
Do you have red wine?
Do spiders scare you?
You've been injured.
Why are you so slow?
Where's immigration?
We're expecting you.
We need a tow truck.
We bought a new car.
Tom wasn't offended.
Tom wanted to watch.
Tom wanted to speak.
Tom wanted to relax.
Tom wanted to pitch.
Tom wanted to learn.
Tom wanted to do it.
Tom tilted his head.
Tom stirred his tea.
Tom ordered a steak.
Tom isn't that poor.
Tom isn't safe here.
Tom isn't a quitter.
Tom is working here.
Tom is watching CNN.
Tom is very hopeful.
Tom is used to that.
Tom is through here.
Tom is sure of that.
Tom is really obese.
Tom is real excited.
Tom is proud of you.
Tom is pretty tired.
Tom is pretty happy.
Tom is on the beach.
Tom is leaving soon.
Tom is kind of late.
Tom is just leaving.
Tom is invited, too.
Tom is being helped.
Tom is always there.
Tom is almost broke.
Tom is afraid of us.
Tom is afraid of me.
Tom is a normal kid.
Tom fixed the latch.
Tom criticized Mary.
Please stay with me.
It's my turn to pay.
I'm good at drawing.
I'm good at dancing.
I'll take the train.
I'd prefer red wine.
I worked last night.
I used to play golf.
I threw my back out.
I sprained my wrist.
I never read in bed.
I need a cork screw.
I like these colors.
I like orange juice.
I got there at 2:30.
I got hit by a ball.
Does Tom still sing?
Do you want dessert?
Do you need a spoon?
Do snakes scare you?
Are you watching TV?
You'd better drive.
You can't sit here.
You can walk there.
Why did Tom resign?
Who's Tom's mother?
What's your budget?
What was the cause?
We should warn Tom.
Tom won't stop now.
Tom wiped his eyes.
Tom went to church.
Tom washed his car.
Tom was just lucky.
Tom wanted to work.
Tom wanted to walk.
Tom wanted to wait.
Tom wanted to swim.
Tom wanted to play.
Tom stole your car.
Tom needs a change.
Tom must be warned.
Tom isn't home now.
Tom is very skinny.
Tom is very frugal.
Tom is really poor.
Tom is really late.
Tom is quite sharp.
Tom is nearly home.
Tom is in no hurry.
Tom is fixing that.
Tom is filthy rich.
Tom is aware of it.
Tom is an activist.
Tom has complained.
Tom goes to church.
That's my mother's.
That's my father's.
Spiders terrify me.
I've got blue eyes.
I'm cooking dinner.
I'd like to go now.
I was busy working.
I still feel dizzy.
I need stamps, too.
I miss Tom's smile.
I hope you'll come.
Do you have change?
Do I need stitches?
A typhoon's coming.
You're badly hurt.
We only take cash.
Tom's car's dirty.
Tom won't be sued.
Tom looked drowsy.
Tom isn't invited.
Tom is way behind.
Tom is used to it.
Tom is meticulous.
Tom is making jam.
Tom is just lucky.
Tom is in the car.
Tom is fine today.
Tom doesn't snore.
Tom blushed again.
Snakes terrify me.
I'll go by subway.
I'd like a refund.
I still feel weak.
I missed you, too.
I like big cities.
I don't like rain.
I can't work here.
I can't bend over.
Has Tom gone home?
Does Tom eat fish?
Does Tom eat eggs?
Are you a tourist?
You've been hurt.
Who was Tom with?
Tom was cautious.
Tom looks drowsy.
Tom isn't active.
Tom is on a date.
Tom is like Mary.
Tom is in school.
Tom is behind us.
That's my mother.
That's my father.
Is your car blue?
I'm in the lobby.
I'll go by train.
I'd prefer decaf.
I'd better hurry.
I never watch TV.
I need help, too.
I like my school.
I don't want ice.
Here's your coat.
Tom will escape.
Tom took a bath.
Tom is worn out.
Tom is home now.
The line's busy.
My back is sore.
I'm in the park.
I'm hungry, too.
I'm at the mall.
I used to paint.
Be here by 2:30.
Be here at 2:30.
Who's Tom with?
Tom isn't lost.
Tom is invited.
Sailing is fun.
I'm getting by.
I'll go by bus.
I hate cooking.
I feel nervous.
I do that, too.
This is on me.
Open a window.
Is this spicy?
I need stamps.
I feel rotten.
I can't relax.
I'm well now.
I feel lousy.
Who paid?
That's wet.
That's the fastest train in the world.
Mary has weird breasts.
Is it true that Tom and Marie have just opened a linguistic consulting firm?
If you want to divorce, you will have to pay the price.
I promised him that I would not tell it to anyone.
We will be safer here.
Your skin is white like paper.
I'm happy there.
Mozart died in 1791.
My grandfather had been dead for a long time when I was born.
I could not live without you.
Who's going to eat all that?
But, what do you do there?
Have you always lived here?
Would you like to sleep with me tonight?
Are you crazy? You're gonna get killed!
The death of her dog was difficult for her to live through.
My husband is difficult to live with.
Do you want us to do waffles or crepes?
I love this view.
Have you honestly ever seen a view so magnificent?
I am only the translator.
I lost faith.
Sami was killed.
Sami was terrified of his father.
Sami became even more terrified of his father.
It was Sami's blood.
Sami was still in the apartment.
Sami is now forty-six years old.
Sami lives quietly in Cairo.
Sami never remarried.
Sami doesn't remember Layla.
Sami tried to befriend Layla.
Sami was given an opportunity to tell the truth.
Sami took the baby and went.
Sami couldn't do what he wanted to do.
Sami got very violent.
Sami took the baby and left.
Sami fell onto his knee.
Sami was lying there.
Sami was a cold-blooded murderer.
Sami continued to look for the money.
Sami opened up the piggy bank and took the money.
Sami took the baby off the bed.
Sami went home.
Sami got rid of his bloody clothes.
Layla wrapped the baby up.
Layla went to collect the baby from the Bakir's.
Sami slept through the movie.
Sami was late by thirty minutes.
Sami brutally killed Layla.
Sami is a monster.
Sami did what he did.
Sami hurt everyone.
Sami is my first-born son.
Sami misses Layla so much.
Sami is doing what he always did.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was safe.
Why did Sami convert to Islam?
Sami learned Arabic late in life.
Sami and Layla will talk about this later.
Sami was a big talker.
Sami hopped on his bike.
Layla hopped on Sami's bike.
Tom won't likely do that tomorrow.
Tom will be eating dinner at Mary's house tonight.
Tom was wearing a name tag.
Tom said he was looking for volunteers.
Tom said he was looking for more volunteers.
Tom said he was looking for a volunteer.
Tom is very, very good at what he does.
Tom is one of my clients.
Tom is more intelligent than most people think he is.
Tom is in a brass quintet.
Tom is having fun, right?
Tom is having fun, isn't he?
Tom is having a party tomorrow evening.
Tom is going to have a good time, I'm sure.
Tom is going to do that this evening.
Tom is eating dinner at Mary's house tonight.
Tom is coming now.
Tom is a very good player.
Tom has been asking the questions.
Tom and Mary are in the living room playing cards.
I didn't expect you to help.
Age is the time from birth to death.
If Tom didn't kill Mary, then who did?
Tom was hanged for a murder he didn't commit.
Sami moved to Canada from Egypt.
Sami loved to have fun.
Sami lit up any room he walked into with the smile that he had.
Layla had no shortage of men pursuing her.
Sami has made a big impression.
Sami gave Layla his card.
Do you know Sami?
Sami should call Layla.
That's the worst that could happen.
Sami and Layla met on a Cairo subway.
Sami was eager to impress.
Sami took Layla to his new office.
Sami seems busy.
Sami was the perfect man for Layla.
Sami was well-mannered.
Sami understands the hard work it takes to build a successful career.
Sami had a great professional.
Sami made his life himself.
Sami is Layla's new boyfriend.
Sami helped Layla find a job.
Sami was a powerful figure within the Toronto Arab community.
Sami and Layla dated for six months.
Sami and Layla were spending as much time together as they could.
Sami danced beautiful.
Sami and Layla were very happy together.
Sami looks so handsome.
Sami is a Congressman.
Sami and Layla were together everywhere.
Sami and Layla appeared as a couple everywhere.
Sami looks wonderful.
Sami and Layla look wonderful together.
Sami was proud to show off his car.
Sami wanted to look better.
Sami is anything but perfect.
Sami and Layla were ready to take the next step.
Layla has always dreamed of getting married.
Sami and Layla wanted to have a beautiful wedding.
Sami has been married before.
Sami doesn't want to change that.
Sami is going to the office.
Sami introduced Layla to Farid.
Sami told people that Layla was his wife.
Sami and Layla were married.
This made Sami look more respectable.
Sami moved in with Layla.
Sami and Layla were very compatible.
Sami didn't like sharing space with Layla's son.
The atmosphere soured between Sami and Layla.
Tom wrote Mary a love letter, but he didn't send it.
Sami wants Layla to feel at home.
Sami went upstairs.
Sami told Layla to go upstairs.
Sami was controlling at times.
Sami looked at Layla as property.
Sami wanted to be always in the center of attention.
Sami has never visited Egypt.
Egypt has the best food and the best music in the Arab world.
Sami might be cheating on Layla.
Sami cheated to feel more admired.
Sami wanted more women in his life.
Sami was living a charmed life.
Sami had his business.
Sami is no fool.
I've seen a lot of Tom recently.
We were deeply moved by Tom's story.
Sami knows Layla is cheating on him.
Layla accused Sami of sleeping with another woman.
Sami chose to forgive Layla.
Sami and Layla managed to repair their relationship.
"Let's dance." "No, thank you." "Come on, just a few steps."
Layla couldn't forgive Sami for his infidelity.
Why is Sami dressed like that?
Sami took Layla to fancy dinners.
Sami's drinking became incessant.
Sami did have a drinking problem.
Sami's drinking caused a rift in his marriage.
Sami shut the door.
Sami is out with someone.
Sami spends every single day at the bar.
Sami drank every day.
Sami wanted Layla out.
Sami's crime stunned all the community.
This is where Sami hangs out.
Sami even bragged about how he fooled his wife.
Rocky sure is a good dog.
Layla followed her lover's instructions.
Sami recounted his entire day.
But by using fire-fighting helicopters, we have already managed to largely limit fires.
The boy finished learning how to read.
Mary nodded.
Mary sighs.
Mary's sighing.
Mary burped.
Mary belched.
Can plants talk?
Take comfort in that.
Console yourself with that.
Now you're exaggerating.
That's bonkers.
That's daft.
He collects picture postcards.
Is it fine if I write a letter to Tom? What do you think?
I can't believe I didn't notice the earthquake in my sleep.
It's alright now.
If you come, I'll also go!
If I can't work and study at the same time, should I decline the job?
If you get a smartphone, you should download Skype. Telephone bills are such a waste of money.
Tom Miller, one of several promising young composers, is gathering a lot of attention.
Why don't you like me?
My cat kind of looks like a biscuit.
You can easily drill through that panel.
My sister is in love with my best friend.
Caution! Fragile!
You needn't count on me.
Who told you all this?
What is it that you're trying to say?
Enough with that mysterious silence!
It is visible to the naked eye.
Are you still letting last night's fight bother you? You're surprisingly sensitive.
Do you want to see something?
Tom is listening to electronic music.
Paleontologists have discovered hundreds of well-preserved pterosaur eggs.
Sponges are filter-feeders.
Sponges live at the bottom of the sea.
Tom and Mary explored the abandoned tunnel.
Tom didn't study for his final exam.
Pterosaurs became extinct 66 million years ago.
You remind me of how I used to be.
You should be proud of what you've done.
Will you invite me inside?
I'll text you.
He dropped his gaze.
She dropped her gaze.
They became business partners.
Teenagers are more likely to drive dangerously, especially when one of their friends is nearby.
Is there anything that you want to tell us?
I've never done anything wrong in my life.
I've never done anything illegal in my life.
I thought that I was alone.
They thought that they were alone.
I saw him hold Mary's hand.
Tom took my hand.
No one was watching.
She glanced at him.
Good morning, everyone.
That's to be expected.
Solar and wind energy are getting cheaper all the time.
Renewable energy is getting cheaper all the time.
Renewables are getting cheaper all the time.
I hope he's not her boyfriend.
I hope she's not his girlfriend.
How does artificial intelligence work?
I've got my hands full.
Let me invite you to dinner.
Did she invite you to dinner?
Did he invite you to dinner?
The coach made us run three extra laps.
Do you mind if I take a picture?
Should I go out with him?
You can be such a drama queen.
Tom can be such a drama queen.
This is such bullshit.
Mary can be such a drama queen.
You can be such a drama queen, Tom.
"What's wrong?" "Uh, nothing."
So how was your date?
She's something else.
He's something else.
Tom escaped with the help of a guard.
I had no idea we had so much in common.
The thought makes me shudder.
Tom leaned forward and whispered something into Mary's ear.
Tom leaned forward and whispered something into my ear.
We just went for a walk.
We just went for a walk and talked.
She looked a little disappointed.
He looked a little disappointed.
Who said I had a date?
What makes you think I was on a date?
Tom's spaceship has artificial gravity.
I had such a horrible dream last night.
I'm not mad. I'm just disappointed.
Nobody was watching.
Tom looked into the distance.
Mary looked into the distance.
Your T-shirt's inside out.
Tom waded ankle-deep into the ocean.
Mary waded ankle-deep into the water.
Tom rolled up his pants and waded ankle-deep into the water.
Tom tried to reassure her.
He tried to reassure her.
Tom tried to reassure Mary.
Mary hiked up her skirt and waded ankle-deep into the water.
Tom was lucky that someone helped him do that.
Tom was lucky that somebody helped him do that.
Tom will probably still be angry.
Tom will take a look at it.
This is a completely false accusation.
Maybe I should come back another time.
The patient has regained consciousness.
Tom waded ankle-deep into the river.
Tom looked at the caller ID.
"How was your date?" "Horrible."
Do you mind if I take a look?
It was obvious that they were more than just friends.
"How was your date with Tom?" "It wasn't a date."
I've got my hands full here.
It sounds like you've had a bad day.
Tom took three pictures.
It's obvious that Tom and Mary are more than just friends.
I'll lay the table.
Tom cleared the plates from the table.
The moonlight reflected off the snowflakes.
Tom's dog licked his face.
What is it you're trying to say?
Why didn't you let Tom talk to Mary?
I wonder how Tom feels.
It's good that you were there.
Tom, Mary, John and Alice sat around the fire.
Tom and I know Mary cried.
Tom and I know that Mary was crying.
Don't let Tom sleep.
He absolutely trusts you.
I never consider ease and joyfulness as the purpose of life itself.
Tom is happy to have had help doing that.
They handed out free earplugs at the gig.
The gig was as loud as hell.
The volume at the gig was ear-splitting.
The band produced an ear-splitting wall of noise.
It was chocka in there.
The streets were chocka when everyone spilled out of the venue.
The streets were chock-a-block.
Pardon my clumsiness.
I need the loo!
Not in my opinion.
Tom stood at the window and, in the fading light, began to play the trumpet.
Tom, you're as thin as a rake.
Working at the bookstore
What were you doing at this time yesterday?
I was learning at school at this time yesterday.
I'm not going to be at school tomorrow, I'm going to be in Madrid.
I'm in Spain right now.
At four o'clock in the afternoon.
It is three o'clock right now.
I will be here Wednesday afternoon.
Will you be here on Wednesday?
I got up at twelve o'clock on Sunday.
When do you get up on Sundays? When do you got to sleep?
Were you in his house in Madrid last Thursday?
Are they all in Spain?
How old are they?
He eats at twelve o'clock.
She works at the bookstore.
I'm at home from six o'clock in the evening to eight o'clock in the morning.
Did you do something fun?
I planned to meet the professor at 1:30.
I finally found a job.
Nothing, I'm not eating anything right now.
They will not be at school tomorrow afternoon.
Where will you be tomorrow afternoon?
Do you have time in the morning?
I wake him up at six o'clock in the morning every day.
Please refrain from disturbing me.
I'm sure his brother is very young.
Last night we were stargazing on the roof.
We shouldn't laugh at his mistake.
Say a simple phrase.
That man pushed her to the side.
The scientist hypothesizes about the beginning of the universe.
All teachers need to go to teacher's college before they are allowed to teach.
Carl Gauss studied modular arithmetic extensively.
You should read this all by yourselves.
The tank was obliterating everything around it.
They had waited a long time to reunite with their family.
He volunteered at an advocacy group.
Suddenly, a man materialized in front of us.
This was a disclaimer before the video played.
Let us have a circle that inscribes a square.
He wrote a short blurb about the movie he had just watched.
New technology often revolutionizes the way we think and do things.
The fate of the country was highly dependent on the new ruler.
The kids spent a long time condensing the snow into a big snowball.
The protester was violently assaulted.
The boy's favorite exhibition at the zoo was the one with the panthers.
The girls bought a chocolate chip cookie with their extra money.
Liberals are sometimes informally referred to as Grits.
The government was impeding on the rights of its citizens.
The boy continued to taunt his younger brother.
The women felt victimized.
The children were most interested in the great white shark.
We have to do this all by ourselves.
Technology is just a tool.
Working too hard can make you unhappy.
It is invisible to the naked eye.
Summer time will end next Sunday.
Summer time will start next Sunday.
That diet makes you thinner, but does it also make you healthier?
There's a parking space a little further ahead.
Tom is a bit of a showman.
Tom is an expert on neural networks.
This is going to be easier than I thought.
I knew it would be easy.
It might be a good idea to check at the counter.
As of next month, prices will go down by 10%.
Of course, you are not supposed to write in your textbook.
The smell of coffee woke me up.
The president will make a statement tomorrow.
I'm eating buttered toast with jam.
He is making use of the collective's name for his own profit.
Sometimes, you need to be alone. Not to be lonely, but to enjoy some free time just being yourself.
Where are we going to dinner tonight?
Wait for it...here it comes.
I am not really a speech type of guy, but here goes....
Please tell me about your teacher.
I want you to find out if Tom and Mary are planning to be here by themselves.
Sami was eager to participate into the crime.
I have seen this place before.
Sami will walk out a free man for ever.
Layla was a girly girl, but she also loved sports.
I would like to report someone missing.
The door is always open.
Say something nice.
Say something funny.
What could you say?
Sami has color TV.
Do you know what I like about Sami?
If you behave yourselves today, I'll buy you ice cream.
You'll get six years for stealing Sami's car.
I want a real Cadillac.
I never drink on the job.
"Do you drink?" "Never."
I'm going upstairs to call the boys for dinner.
Sami and Layla have already eaten dinner.
I think I better have a talk with the boys.
That's the way Sami wants it.
Sami wants to stay.
Sami wants Layla to stay.
Sami didn't say one word about Layla staying.
Sami has only two people he can trust: Layla and Farid.
Sami hardly slept a wink all night, thinking about Layla.
I still can't understand why Sami wants to leave.
I only ask for one thing.
Sami is very kind and loving.
Sami makes a wonderful father.
Sami is living in the lap of luxury.
Sami won't give up all this luxury.
This is the couple I told you about.
Sami has a little flat in Cairo.
May I ask what line of business you are in?
I'm in love with these babies already.
That racist asshole said that white children belong with white families.
"Have you heard what that racist asshole just said?" "Fuck him."
Misunderstandings do occur.
Do you hear what that motherfucking racist is saying?
Shut up, racist motherfucker!
Go suck a lemon.
"Fuck off!" "What did you just say, asshole?"
"Fuck off!" "Say that again, asshole?"
Sami is the only one who says the word asshole at home.
I'm too young for Playboy Magazine.
Have you discussed this with Mrs. Bakir?
Look who's talking.
The place is full of foreigners.
Layla is wearing the ugliest dress.
We're all gonna have dinner in one of the best restaurants in Cairo.
Caviar is fish eggs.
Sami is leaving town.
This is a family affair.
I'll be expecting you.
What can I say? Yesterday, I had to wait for the flash flood to subside. Thunder and lightnings caused voltage drop. And my broadband won't work.
Doing what is right fills the upright with joy, but evil-doers with terror.
Tokyo is bigger than any other Japanese city.
Where is the nuclear waste storage facility?
Sami danced beautifully.
I knew that it wouldn't be easy.
Tom is a vulcanologist.
Quickly!
Law
Quickly!
Have you eaten?
When I am with you, I feel very happy.
One can get used to anything.
You can get used to anything.
One can get accustomed to anything.
Even the best fish starts to smell after three days.
It's not necessary to remind me about that every time.
Let's not get into that subject.
I want to punch you in the face.
How can you suggest such a thing to me?
Try talking to the police.
It's hard to breathe.
Attention is a currency that I am familiar with.
At first I was still confident, but that should change quickly.
This can be discussed for a long time.
Every artist writes his own autobiography.
People wanted the good life.
There is nothing that war has ever achieved we could not better achieve without it.
My favourite season is autumn.
Autumn is my favourite season.
A return ticket to Birmingham, please.
Tom is a black belt in karate.
Mary is a black belt in taekwondo.
Tom is two inches taller than Mary.
Tom got his master's degree in May.
I'm glad you brought it up.
He liked everything about her.
She liked everything about him.
Tom likes everything about Mary.
I asked him if he knew her well.
I asked Tom if he knew her well.
Tom is a freediver.
Tom dove under the ice.
She suffered bitterly.
Tom suffered bitterly.
Tom has a fantastic body.
Mary has a fantastic body.
Mary is a fashion blogger.
Tom has a nice body.
Mary has a nice body.
Tom felt completely at home.
Don't leave the toilet seat up.
Mary untied her hair.
Tom untied his ponytail.
Tom ruffled his hands through his hair.
He seemed sincere.
She seemed sincere.
We're inviting you.
Invite anyone you want.
He's the oldest.
She didn't argue.
He didn't argue.
Tom didn't argue.
I'm the youngest.
Do you understand the instructions?
This is an impressive technological achievement.
Shouldn't we invite him too?
What about Tom? Shouldn't we invite him too?
What about Mary? Shouldn't we invite her too?
Shouldn't we invite Tom, too?
Do you understand what you need to do?
I asked Tom if he knew Mary well.
I asked Tom how well he knew Mary.
Fish and visitors stink after three days.
I allow Tom to do that.
I don't think that we'll be able to solve this problem by ourselves.
He cleans the lettuce.
I'll do what I've gotta do.
Sami was determined to build a sucessful life for him in Canada.
Sami's passing had a lasting effect on Layla.
Sami was the center of Layla's world.
Sami worked very hard to provide a better life for his daugther, Layla.
Sami had a clear vision of how he wanted his life to be.
Sami was from a very good family.
Sami was very kind to everyone.
Sami spent his whole life caring for people.
Sami would give you the shirt off his back.
There was just more one thing Sami needed to do to complete his perfect life: getting married.
Sami and Layla built a perfect life.
Sami went from a life of crime to a life of luxury.
Sami had a bit of a narcissistic streak.
Can you call Layla and tell her that I won't be home for dinner?
Sami and Layla were taking their lunches at a cozy hotel.
Sami and Layla had a very active sex life.
It's an open marriage until the divorce is final.
Sami refused to turn a blind eye.
Sami devoted himself to building a perfect American life.
Sami admitted that he was having an affair.
Sami is sleeping with the receptionist.
Sami learned about Layla's affair.
Sami doesn't pay attention to Layla anymore.
Sami has a controlling personality.
What does she have that I don't have?
You're fat, terrible, ugly,... Do you want me to go on?
Sami tried to make a picture perfect-life for himself and his family.
Sami wanted to have his perfect life back.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of his life for ever.
Layla has just learned that her husband is having an affair with his receptionist.
Layla put on weight since the children.
Sami promised Layla that he was going to break off the affair.
I need to know that Sami's affair is ending.
Sami is ruining Layla's life.
Sami was driving around, looking for Layla.
Sami wanted to break off the affair.
Sami wanted to keep his family together.
Sami and Layla worked hard to save their marriage.
Sami was looking for Layla and Farid.
Sami refused to just walk away.
I need you to come home right now.
He lost his watch.
Sami walked out of the elevator alone.
Sami got out of the elevator.
Sami wanted to make sure that Layla was safe and secure.
Sami's rejection has pushed Layla over the edge.
Sami imagined himself outside of his body, watching things go on.
Sami's last heroic act he did in his life was saving Layla.
Sami backed up his car.
The car ran over somebody.
Sami realized that he had run over his wife.
Sami claimed that running over Layla was an accident.
Sami saw Layla lying on the ground.
Sami was charged with the murder of Layla Bakir.
Layla broke down several times during the trial.
Sami destroyed the life of his children.
Sami destroyed the life of Layla Bakir.
Sami has to pay for the treatment out of his pocket.
Sami and Layla were living a lifestyle well beyond their means.
Sami declared bankruptcy.
Sami's cancer could return at any moment.
A year after declaring bankruptcy, Sami set up a new company.
Sami's cancer was still responding well to treatment.
Dublin is my favourite city.
Sami liked to show off his success.
Sami's calm reassurances to Layla were hiding the bitter truth.
Sami visited his store to check on security.
Money started pouring in.
A priest, a minister, and a rabbi walk into a bar. The bartender asks them, "What is this, some kind of joke?"
Sami started cheating on Layla often with women he worked with.
Everyone in this neighborhood knows you are cheating on me.
Sami has had enough of Layla's cheating and lies.
Sami flew into a wild rage.
Sami threatened Layla with divorce.
Are you going to take my kids from me?
Sami can't take chances.
Sami was afraid of losing Layla.
Sami went right back to his old ways.
Sami had multiple affairs with various women.
Sami wanted to dig his family out of debt.
Sami was living a perfect double life and getting away with it.
Go finish your breakfast.
Sami sensed his wife was back to her cheating ways.
Sami is a serial cheater.
Sami thought he would get away with it for ever.
Sami's two different lives eventually collided.
Sami was released on bail.
After his divorce with Layla, Sami's whole life was in shambles.
Sami wanted to figure out how he could salvage his professional life and reputation.
Sami clung to life as blood poured from a deep stab wound.
The police looked into Sami's recent behavior.
"You're under arrest." "For what?" "For the murder of Sami Bakir."
Sami faced possible life in prison.
Sami lived a modest ordinary life.
Sami was living a nice life.
Sami first came to Canada 36 years ago as an Egyptian immigrant.
Sami wanted a better life for himself.
Sami expected life in his new homeland to be filled with love and excitement.
Sami had a very bubbly life.
Sami knew he wasn't supposed to ask his patient on a date, but couldn't resist the Egyptian beauty.
Sami's life was very ordinary.
This breathed a new life into Sami's marriage.
The cat is, above all things, a dramatist; its life is lived in an endless romance though the drama is played out on quite another stage than our own, and we only enter into it as subordinate characters, as stage managers, or rather stage carpenters.
Cats eat bread.
I tore to pieces the picture I took with him.
Today, you didn't wear your contacts and instead had on glasses. For a moment, I couldn't tell who you were!
Mary is a jinx.
When Tom said that he had studied archeology but showed no interest in the excavations, I became suspicious.
Don't try to do everything by yourself.
Where would you go if you could go anywhere?
Tom was lying on his back, looking up at the stars.
Tom cried at the end of the movie.
I asked Mary if she knew him well.
Tom sacrificed himself to save his family.
He's probably just scared.
She's probably just scared.
Don't be naive. He doesn't care about you. He only cares about himself.
No one really knows what happens when we sleep.
I thought that you had enjoyed the experience.
"I know what you're thinking." "What am I thinking?"
Tom backed out at the last minute.
Mary backed out at the last minute.
Tom made a mental note.
A cloud drifted over the moon.
The water in the stream is cold.
I always cry at weddings.
Work smarter, not harder.
Sami walked out of the store.
Sami took a seat and continued watching the fight.
Sami walked out of the store at six o'clock.
Sami followed the blond-haired woman.
Sami's shoes were found in a dumpster.
Sami followed the blond-haired woman out of the store.
Sami followed Layla out of the bar.
Sami was following another blond-haired woman.
Sami was a well-known sex offender.
Sami was arrested for rape.
Sami isn't committing any crime.
Police made contact with Sami.
Police looked into Sami's truck.
Sami disappeared in the blink of an eye.
Sami and Layla played together outside.
Layla got eyes for one man only.
Sami and Layla were crazy in love.
Sami's world came crashing down.
Sami was leaving town.
Sami promised his parents not to do that.
Sami hooked up with some friends.
Sami drove down the coast.
I don't know why Sami picked that beach.
Sami lost his teenage innocence.
There are no cops driving up and down here.
Sami kept Layla warm.
You don't know who's out there.
Sami and Layla slept on the beach.
Sami emerged from the shadows.
Sami is a criminal profiler, in other words, he can get inside the mind of a killer.
Sami was stalking the beach, looking for a victim.
We have a sexual predator on the loose.
Sami didn't get caught.
Sami was lying in wait for the perfect time to strike.
Sami and Layla walked down along the beach.
Sami's luck ran out.
Sami is still out there.
What started out as an evening with friends ended up in a massacre.
Sami spent the night at his best friend's house.
Sami wanted Layla to come home.
Sami pulled up into the driveway.
Sami went running into the house.
Sami came out of his room.
Hope really held us together.
The case quickly went cold.
Sami worked really hard on it.
Sami was plagued with guilt.
Sami's parents were out of town.
Sami is gonna be in so much trouble when he gets back.
Sami was yelling at Layla.
Layla's right nipple was cut off.
Sami's mouth was stuffed with sand.
There was no DNA found on Sami's body.
Sami was killed with a sharp object.
Sami didn't have sex with the victim.
Sami didn't have sex with his victims.
Sami wanted to have complete power and control over Layla.
Sami left Layla for dead.
Sami wanted to play God.
That was very gratifying for Sami.
I have heard that from Sami.
Sami finally came to.
Sami and Layla fell asleep.
Sami and Layla made love.
Sami and Layla made love then fell asleep.
Sami's eyes were swollen shut.
Sami tried to stand up but he just kept falling over.
Sami got back to his car.
Sami's survival instinct kicked in.
The police finally managed to track Sami down.
There isn't a morning that goes by where I don't think about Sami.
Sami woke up at six.
Sami was in a daze.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of their time at each other's homes.
Sami remained in a coma for weeks.
Sami finally woke up.
Sami was on the beach that night.
Sami was sick from war.
Sami is on summer vacation.
Sami had another day of fun in the sun.
Sami was cut across the neck.
Sami jumped off a building in downtown Cairo.
What was Sami doing out that night?
Sami snuck out of his parents' house.
The beach is full of life.
This is where Sami lost his life.
Life just moves on.
For me, after Sami's death, life just stopped.
Sami will stay at the house.
Sami listened to his parents.
Sami had a larger-than-life personality.
There was no limit to what Sami could have done.
Sami had his whole life ahead of him.
Sami needs to do his moral duty.
Sami can finally rest in peace.
They say that girls are going missing on this highway.
It was like evil came over us and we couldn't stop fighting.
Sami's killer is still out there.
Sami felt far from the troubles and dangers of a big city.
I wish I was here to fish.
Sami looked at the highway.
Sami is on the police list.
Sami has officially gone missing on June 6, 2006.
If Sami is alive, we want to bring him home.
Sami cried a lot of times.
Sami bludgeoned his victims to death.
Sami heard Layla screaming from his house.
There were other secrets Sami discovered when he talked to Layla.
Sami picked up a hitchhiker.
The police stopped investigating and the case went cold.
Sami won't pick up just anybody.
Layla felt safe with Sami.
The predator was distracted from its prey.
Sami managed to stay out of view for many years.
Sami would take a ride from anybody.
Sami gave Layla a ride.
A truck driver picked Sami up.
Sami made several stops on that highway.
Some answers might lie in that town.
Sami's town is a tiny dot surrounded by the Russian wilderness.
Sami is with somebody.
Sami took the phone call.
Sami found Layla's clothes hanging up in his room.
Sami went missing.
Sami went in there and started yelling.
Sami planned to join some friends at a party.
Sami hitched a ride.
The only way to get there is to hitch a ride.
Sami always came back at six.
Something went very wrong that night.
I just can't imagine the pain Sami went through.
Sami's day turned to horror.
Sami's body wasn't easy to find.
Sami has been talking to me a lot about racing cars.
Sami might be connected to the victim.
Sami wanted Layla out of sight, out of mind.
Sami may have known the area.
Sami was scared Layla might be connected to him.
Sami can't be connected to the victim.
Sami was looking around.
Sami faded into the background.
I've got a question for Sami.
Sami disposed of the victim.
Sami is done with the phone.
Sami disposed of Layla's body.
This murder case dates back to the early sixties.
A bitter winter is setting in.
Sami was found murdered on the roadside.
Sami and Layla had something in common.
Sami spent a lot of time talking to Layla.
Sami got in his car.
Sami got a young girl in his car.
Sami was ruled out as being involved in Layla's death.
I felt like evil came over me and I couldn't stop until I was done beating Layla to death.
For Sami, life goes on.
Sami was greeted with warmth.
Sami was walking on the highway at night.
Sami may end up dead.
Sami was trying to cover his tracks.
Sami had a problem with women.
Some eyewitnesses may not be around anymore.
Sami was able to get some help.
Today's investigation technology could get information out of a tiny hair.
Sami hitchhiked to a friend's house nearby.
Sami has a rapsheet a mile long.
Sami is a Canadian with a rapsheet a mile long.
Sami picked up girls, murdered them, and dumped their bodies in the woods.
Sami had a taste for killing.
Sami took chances.
Sami took chances when they came up.
There is another killer out there.
People started coming forward and telling police what they knew.
Sami held back some information.
Is Sami still out there?
Sami begged Layla not to hitchhike.
Sami went back to the highway.
Layla baked cookies for Christmas.
Sami really wanted to be a psychologist when he grew up.
Sami felt so bad for Layla.
This happened on Christmas.
Sami would sit here and cry.
You should look at this.
Sami will take you on a wonderful journey.
Sami went missing in Egypt.
Sami is on a mission to reveal the truth.
Sami, an investigative journalist, is obsessed with unsolved murders.
Sami is not planning on going quietly.
Sami doesn't have his gun on him.
Sami stepped out of the car.
Sami put himself in danger by doing so.
Sami was missing.
Is there still a possibility to save Sami's life?
The initial interrogation took place at a police station in Toronto.
Sami is here to find out the truth.
Sami is in custody.
Sami led a quiet life with his girlfriend and their daughter in Cairo.
Sami spent a few years in the military.
On paper, Sami is pretty normal.
The cards are laid on the table.
Sami sat there quietly and said nothing for ten whole minutes.
Sami explained to us how he did that.
Sami lived about an hour north of Toronto.
Sami dropped Layla's body down to the bottom of the lake.
Police knew just where to look for Sami's body.
Sami took Layla back to his home.
Sami held Layla captive.
Sami gave Layla some water.
Sami told Layla exactly what he was going to do to her.
Sami killed Layla by asphyxiation.
Sami seems to be loving every minute of it.
Sami derived a great deal of enjoyment from that experience.
Sami could flick the swith from a sadistic killer to a loving and caring father.
Sami has been living a secret life for the last sixteen years.
Sami is one of the worst serial killers I have ever heard of.
Sami wanted to make a deal.
I want this whole thing wrapped up and over as soon as possible.
Sami doesn't want to be on TV.
Sami wanted his kids to have a chance to grow up in a safe place.
The investigation will go on for months.
Sami gave up just one of his secrets.
Sami disappeared from his home and was never heard from again.
Sami confessed to murdering Layla.
Sami is telling the truth.
Sami dropped the murder weapon in a lake.
Sami got caught.
Sami killed at random.
Sami never talks to anyone about this.
Sami didn't give up the details of his crimes.
The police uncovered more details about Sami's life.
Sami has roamed all over Egypt.
Sami drove to Cairo.
Sami drove another hundred miles to Cairo.
Sami flew out of this airport.
Sami flew under his own name.
For a long time, Sami was absolutely right.
Sami prepared his murder years in advance.
Sami dug his rifle up.
Sami covered his tracks.
Sami learned everything he needed to cover his tracks.
Sami greased his rifle and buried it on his farm.
Sami was on a military mission.
Sami is comfortable in an area like this.
Sami was shocked by the answer.
Sami admitted to holdups in Egypt.
Sami tried to escape from the court.
Sami attempted to run out of the courtroom.
Sami managed to lurch forward another six feet towards the door before he was tased by a security guard.
Sami worked here for six months.
What Sami has got to say might shock you.
Sami got no red flags from Laya at all.
Sami took a break.
Sami didn't stop for lunch.
Sami is going to Egypt.
Sami took a trip for six days.
Sami is paying Layla to do her job.
Sami cared about his girlfriend and daughter.
Sami presented a friendly and normal face to the world.
Sami asked Layla for money.
Sami tried to avoid life in prison.
Things didn't go the way Sami wanted.
Sami made one final carefully planned kill.
Sami took many secrets to the grave.
Sami roamed Egypt, looking for victims.
That's what Sami wants to find out.
This incredible story has only just begun.
Sami did hours of interviews with the FBI.
Sami admitted to six murders.
I wasn't prepared for what I found.
Look after the environment, look after fellow creatures, look after the earth.
Do it today. Don't wait for tomorrow.
Tomorrow may never come.
Do it within the hour. Don't wait for the following hour. There may be other things to do the next hour.
Do it now, not later. There may not be another opportunity any time soon.
A man walks into a bar...
Tom's study faces the backyard.
I'm tired to the point of collapse.
Are you guys sure that's necessary?
This shirt really needs to be ironed.
This shirt really needs ironing.
This shirt must be ironed.
This shirt's got to be ironed.
It froze this night.
Do you see that fox?
See that fox?
I'm sorry, but I'm not the one who you think I am.
Tom'll do his nut if you don't bring him his doughnut.
He'll do his nut when he sees that.
The room's nice.
Sami danced beautifully.
Sami is nowhere in sight.
Sami reacted with shock.
Take the medicine the doctor prescribed you.
Take the medicine that the doctor prescribed to you.
It's always good to have a first-aid kit in the car.
I've changed my plans. It would be very expensive to move now.
The majority of consumers are opposed to plastic bags.
He saw the surprised expression on my face.
His mother's very pleased with him.
He rules the country with an iron fist.
He rules the land with an iron hand.
Can I have a glass of milk, please?
They'll do anything to win.
I'm sticking holiday photos all over the wall.
I'll plaster this wall with holiday photos.
Tom became dizzy from the heat.
Anton regularly goes to confession.
Their parents are on holiday.
They haven't told us anything.
They didn't tell us anything.
They told us nothing.
I need an unfurnished flat.
He gets great pleasure from long walks through the woods.
He enjoys long walks through the woods.
Which Hogwarts house do you belong to?
Tom and Mary are both Harry Potter fans.
Are you a dog person or a cat person?
Tom took a personality test.
Are you an extrovert or an introvert?
I'm really glad I did it.
Tom took the Myers-Briggs personality test.
Tom's job is very stressful.
Mary's job is very stressful.
You go first, then.
Let's bury the hatchet.
Could you hand me a towel?
Extroverts like to be the center of attention.
It took a moment for the words to sink in.
Mary was flattered.
Tom smiled shyly.
Mary smiled shyly.
She blushed even more.
Mary blushed even more.
Tom blushed even more.
I was flattered by the invitation.
Won't you stay just a bit longer?
The night was just getting started.
I suppose I was flattered.
I was flattered by the attention.
It wasn't long before we became lovers.
It wasn't long before they became lovers.
I would love to buy you a drink.
Tom wrapped Mary in his arms and kissed her.
I want you so badly.
You probably shouldn't do this.
We probably shouldn't do this.
Her face reddened.
Mary's face reddened.
We talked a little.
What a cheek!
They really seemed to enjoy themselves.
"I'm flattered," Tom said sarcastically.
I fell for him the first moment I saw him.
I fell for her the first moment I saw her.
I thought it would interest you.
Tom pulled his T-shirt over his head.
What a shambles.
What an utter shambles.
The wood's got to be handled carefully.
The wood must be handled with care.
The wood must be kept carefully.
Tom's listening to the Shipping Forecast.
This problem must be considered as a whole.
I know it sounds cheesy.
Don't mess everything up!
Tom has strikingly good looks.
Tom was oblivious to her presence.
Tom was not oblivious to her presence.
Tom fought in both world wars.
The money must be paid at the time of purchase.
Do you have your own flat?
What's so special about him?
What's so special about her?
Consider it a friendly warning.
What is Tom trying to prove?
Tom arranged an emergency meeting.
Tom turned red with embarrassment.
Mary turned red with embarrassment.
I'm so excited to be here.
What are you most scared of?
You're heartless.
I just got lucky.
Everyone was still laughing.
I should get back to the party.
His hands became fists.
They live in social housing.
They live in a council flat.
Tom slept on top of the covers.
Tom has thick blond hair.
I have literally no idea who you're talking about.
I have no idea who you're talking about.
The squirrel hid in in Tom's back pocket.
Tom hid his squirrel in his back pocket.
Mary hid the squirrel in her back pocket.
The rain's stopped; the windows can be opened again.
Tom's face turned red with embarrassment.
Mary's face turned red with embarrassment.
Mary dug her phone out of her purse.
Mary dressed hurriedly.
Tom dressed hurriedly.
Tom has a 9-to-5 job.
Your wife is on the phone.
Your husband is on the phone.
Do you have a moment to speak with me?
Do you love your husband?
I have never heard a good pronunciation of this word, so maybe I'm pronouncing it wrong.
Football is the only sport that unites people.
Let me introduce you to the ones I love the most.
You're my only love.
You are my first love.
Things I love the most?
Nixon resigned because of the Watergate scandal.
You still don't believe me, do you?
We were both slightly embarrassed.
They were both slightly embarrassed.
I know how much you care for me.
I don't think this is a method that I can recommend really unless you are willing to risk failure.
Sami is mildly delusional.
Sami provided a DNA sample to police.
The police confirmed Sami's alibi.
Sami lived in a neighboring apartment.
There was never an affair between Sami and Layla.
Sami had a jealous wife.
Layla accused Salima of having an affair with her husband.
Are you seeing my husband?
Sami's life was falling apart until he met Layla.
Sami is still married.
Sami saw Layla as more than a friend.
Sami shouldn't be doing that.
Sami doesn't deserve that.
Sami was eager to help Layla fix her problems.
Sami introduced Layla to his sister, Salima.
Sami gave Layla advice on things she usually did.
Sami and Layla's argument often ended violently.
Sami never wanted to tell anybody.
Sami was never arrested or charged for any crime.
Sami was surprised by how things unfolded between Layla and Farid.
There is a thing that just doesn't add up.
When Sami kissed Layla, she started to cry.
When Sami and Layla finished having sex, she started to cry.
Sami would drink a lot.
Sami turned his wrath on his stepkids.
Life in Sami and Layla's household took an ugly turn.
Sami wanted to have a mother in his life.
You're doing it wrong again.
Life in Sami's household reached a boiling point.
You've hit me.
You're going to jail.
I didn't hit you.
I hit the wall.
Sami and Layla only had a verbal fight.
How dare you hit me?
How dare you hit me?
Life quickly returned to normal.
Sami and Layla are the two people I trust the most in my life.
Sami wanted to keep the affair separate from the rest of his life.
Sami's life was in danger.
Sami felt that Layla's life was in danger.
How did Sami's gun get there?
Sami started to panick.
All Sami wants is the truth.
Sami was traumatized and confused.
Sami's version of the events doesn't make sense.
Sami tried to leave Layla.
Sami wasn't prepared to use the gun.
Sami got up and ran.
Sami did another video about himself.
Sami loves each one of you.
Sami loves sweet potatoes.
Sami has three birth marks.
Sami was born with a birth mark on his right thigh.
Layla never wears necklaces.
Layla wanted to have a necklace.
Who are the world doping champions?
Please get out of my way.
A pair of falcons nests on the roof.
Ask, and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened to you. Everyone who asks receives; everyone who searches finds; everyone who knocks will have the door opened.
Stop now, please.
I think you should download this app.
I'm going to lie down for a while.
I think like you.
This bike is the same as mine.
Don't touch it till I come back.
Her insolent remarks to her boss cost her her job.
There were many gods and goddesses in ancient Rome.
Some do it, Apple does it right, and the industry follows.
I've been looking forward to a quiet weekend.
The highest mountain in the world is Mt. Everest in Nepal, rising more than 8,848 metres into the sky.
Basalt is a type of rock that forms when lava solidifies.
Biologists, geologists and geochemists work together on this project to understand the lifeforms, such as bacteria, that grow on these rocks, and the factors that allow them to thrive.
We live on a solar-powered planet.
As we wake up in the morning, the Sun peeks over the horizon to shed light on us, blanket us with warmth and provide cues to start our day.
Without the Sun, life on Earth would not exist.
Finland celebrates 100 years of independence in 2017.
Finland achieved independence on December 6, 1917.
Finland has the most saunas per capita.
For nearly 40 years, NASA has been measuring how much sunshine powers our home planet.
Finns love tango.
Finland has the most heavy metal bands per capita in the world.
Over the course of about 11 years, our Sun cycles from a relatively quiet state to a peak in intense solar activity called a solar maximum.
Tom nearly died of embarrassment.
Mary nearly died of embarrassment.
I nearly died of embarrassment.
Tom almost died of embarrassment.
Mary almost died of embarrassment.
I almost died of embarrassment.
Finland offers fathers nine weeks of paternity leave.
Tom owns an Iittala glass bird designed by Oiva Toikka.
Alvar Aalto is a famous Finnish architect.
Tom is a glassblower.
Tom works full-time.
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
Finland's government is one of the least corrupt in the world.
Finland has one of the best education systems in the world.
Angry Birds was created by a Finnish company.
A Volkswagen executive received a seven-year prison for his role in the Dieselgate scandal.
Tom dedicated his poem to Mary.
I dedicate this song to Mary.
I dedicate this song to Tom.
He was so handsome.
She was so beautiful.
This is embarrassing in retrospect.
The wealthiest 1 percent of American households own 40 percent of the country's wealth.
This is not my area of expertise.
That was kind of embarrassing.
Where is your luggage?
You don't allow your kids to do that, do you?
You don't allow your children to do that, do you?
I watch the news every morning.
How can you imagine that I don't love you anymore?
It's turning sour.
The parents are standing outside of the school waiting for the children.
Everyone in my family is very healthy.
Everyone in my family is healthy.
Everyone in my family is doing OK.
No one in my family is sick.
Everyone in my family enjoys watching TV.
Everyone in my family can play a musical instrument.
Everyone in my family can play an instrument.
Buddhist monks shave their heads.
Hey, that's cheating!
I wondered whether or not Tom thought he had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought Mary had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought Mary needed to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought Mary wanted to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought we had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought we should do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom thought you had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary not to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she didn't have to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she didn't need to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she had to do that.
I wondered whether or not Tom had told Mary she needed to do that.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to dance.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with Mary.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to go to Boston with us.
I wondered whether or not Tom wanted to sing.
I wonder whether Tom wants to do that today or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted us to be here or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to sing or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to do that or not.
I wondered whether Tom wanted to dance or not.
Sami must think I have lost it.
Sami claimed that he could contact the dead.
I wondered whether Tom told Mary to do that or not.
Is there a spirit here with a message for someone at this table?
Ask him something that only him would know the answer to.
What did you do for a living?
Sami just fell over dead.
Spirit, are you here with us?
Sami knew enough about medicine to bluff his way through some easy questions, passing himself off as a doctor.
Sami made contact with the dead.
Sami told us a terrifying story.
Sami took a coffee break.
Sami spent his entire life there.
I'll see you down there.
Sami is usually in by now.
"It sounds so stupid." "To me, it doesn't."
You can come over any time you like, if you want.
Sami invited Layla to spend the night.
So where are you headed?
Sami had a pretty rough childhood.
Sami was sexually abused as a child.
Stay here with me. You'll be safe.
"I'll help you." "You're my hero."
Sami was lonely and wanted somebody to talk to.
Sami loves the high life just as much as Layla does.
Sami had an amazing house down by the river.
You guys can come over all the time.
Sami wanted to impress Layla.
Sami could help change that.
We need to protect the lives of people.
Life is not static.
Sami said that Layla was the love of his life.
Sami hosted a Halloween party.
Sami hosted a Halloween bash for his friends.
Sami is doing better in life.
I didn't want to disappoint Sami.
Do you promise that you won't tell Sami that I gave you his number?
Sami couldn't memorize the number.
None of the phone numbers worked.
Layla feared for her life.
Sami was the center of Layla's life.
Layla got her son ready for school.
Layla is a kindergarten teacher.
Layla treasures her job.
Layla is a translator. A job she treasures.
Sami and Layla had some dinner together then went to bed.
Sami was interested in learning everything about Layla's life.
Sami knows nothing about Layla's personal life.
Layla was a prostitute.
Layla was a whore.
Layla had AIDS.
I'm gonna get the police involved.
We're responding to a 911 call.
Sami took an immediate liking to Layla.
Sami stayed over one night.
Sami was still reluctant to call the police.
Sami was reluctant to call the police yet again.
Sami called the police yet again.
Sami is not going to court.
Sami failed to appear at his hearing.
Sami got a phone call at his house.
Sami put the house on the market.
Your restraining order is toilet paper.
I wish to study in Boston.
Sami is eluding the police.
Sami started a new chapter in his life.
Sami told the police that he was being stalked.
Another police officer came.
You can't come now. There's a lot going on. Maybe you could come later.
Sami was a loud mouth.
What's the gun for? Some score to settle?
Where are you gonna live, you bum?
"I'm ashamed to call you my son." "The feeling is mutual." "Oh yeah? Then get out of my house!"
Sami took Layla out of his will.
Sami can't help you out unless you're straight with him.
Sami is about to take Layla out of his will.
Sami had a motive to kill.
You should talk to my sister's boyfriend.
Why do you want to leave Boston?
We might go to Boston next spring.
Where's your favorite place to eat in Boston?
Palestine has the indisputable right to defend its territory.
Subscribe for more videos.
A year after his marriage with Layla, Sami started an affair with another woman.
Layla overheard Sami talking on the phone with his mistress.
It's his stag do.
It's his stag party.
Sami and Layla denied they were having an affair.
I've introduced Mary to my parents.
I don't understand how you can like this pub.
Sami fought hard for his life.
When did you buy that phone?
Can you tell me tomorrow's schedule?
Nobody ever comes to see me in hospital.
Jealousy and stupidity often walk together.
Am I sick, Doctor?
We hope that you understand the difficult situation with which we are confronted.
The chocolate cake has an ooey-gooey center that spills out when it's cut.
My uncle is a fuddy-duddy who thinks life was better back in the 1950s.
Blue is the complementary color to orange, so you'll often see them together on movie posters.
Traveling salesmen lead stressful lives.
There are no skyscrapers overshadowing the city anymore.
She succeeded in overshadowing her brother after she had finished law school.
I need a deep-tissue massage after a tough day.
Sami never had a normal kid's life.
The reason I'm writing you is to tell the truth and nothing else.
Sami was buying and selling cars.
Sami always tells the truth.
Sami has left his life in Cairo behind to search for his daughter.
How do you plan on hiding it?
How do you plan on hiding this?
Sami bought himself a new truck.
I fumbled for the torch.
I felt for the torch.
You shouldn't have worried so much.
We all looked at each other.
The firemen managed to contain the fire.
You asked to see me?
My husband is having an affair.
Why are men like that?
This is so entertaining!
I'll never understand men.
I'll never understand women.
Her question took me by surprise.
His question took me by surprise.
Tom's question took me by surprise.
Have you ever seen a rainbow?
Does the name Tom mean anything to you?
Tom wore a Santa hat.
Tom and Mary were wearing Santa hats.
Her question took him by surprise.
My heart is heavy.
How I long to be with you.
Your mom seems nice.
Tom pushed his food around his plate.
Mary pushed her food around.
They don't have to stay.
Alphabetize this list.
Waiting tables in Boston can be very lucrative.
It looks like I might have to go to Boston next summer.
I don't understand what you're driving at.
Tom said he wouldn't win.
What if Tom did that?
Tom says Mary was bored.
Tom says he's desperate.
Tom says he's very busy.
Don't pull me.
We need to extinguish that fire.
Sami ordered some flowers.
We couldn't put out the fire.
Where is Sami rushing to?
There is nothing Sami can do about it.
Sami was disappointed in Layla.
Sami had his radio off.
Sami should go in.
I swear on the name of Sami Bakir that this will never happen again.
Sami has been scribbling on the wall.
Let's go back now.
Sami went back to the garage.
Can you give me a ride tonight?
I'll clean up that myself.
Can you search for the fastest route?
"Can I go play with Sami?" "Off you go."
You're winding me up, aren't you?
You're having me on, aren't you?
It's supper time. See you.
You're having me on now.
Now you're having me on.
Sami has got a sore throat.
Have you decided what to do about your problem?
Sami's practice isn't going so well.
I love my sister, but I do like winding her up a bit.
Is your throat sore again?
You're not mad at me?
Stop trying to get away and come to help us.
Sami doesn't seem to be around anywhere.
We're sleeping over at the Bakirs' tomorrow.
I don't know where else to look.
If you get scared, you can always turn this light on.
Something smells pretty stinky here.
I think I know where that stench is coming from.
I don't remember much about that woman.
We're in luck today.
We're in luck today.
Wake up. You can't sleep here.
I think that Sami has got time to spend in jail.
Would you do me a favor and take this cup of coffee to Sami?
Would you like to come inside for some tea and cookies?
I look forward to seeing your cow at the fair.
I'll help you clean it up.
Put it in here instead.
What do you do with this garbage?
Everything could be turned into something useful.
I was just heading off to the fair.
The tire was rolling down the hill.
Your tires are filthy.
There is no sense in just sitting around, doing nothing, is there?
I think we can take care of that.
Am I walking too fast?
We can be a band.
You can play so many more notes on this instrument.
We're a band.
She fried the fish in this pan.
I couldn't say it's the best, but it's less bad.
Although my earphones were pulled out, I still took no notice.
Through the 3D printer, he was able to reconstruct faces and life.
Trust, but verify.
My torch has stopped working.
Take the torch. We'll need it.
Take the torch. We'll definitely need it.
The elation at having successfully escaped was short-lived: Tom awoke in the beam of a policeman's torch.
Tom hasn't done very much.
Tom hasn't done everything we've asked him to do.
There are still some things that Tom needs to do.
Tom hasn't yet done everything he was supposed to do.
Tom told me that he still had a lot to do.
Has Tom done everything you've asked him to do?
My flashlight has stopped working.
Take the flashlight. We'll need it.
Take the flashlight. We'll definitely need it.
Do you have your own apartment?
Tom skips classes too often.
Bring a flashlight with you. You'll need one.
That's not your cup.
I don't want to talk about this anymore.
That's my sister's camera.
We can't allow ourselves to be fooled.
We can't let ourselves be fooled.
We can't allow ourselves to be deceived.
We can't let ourselves to be deceived.
Tom doesn't think Mary and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks that Mary and I can't take care of ourselves.
Tom and I made ourselves as comfortable as possible.
Tom and I made ourselves as comfortable as we could.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I really could take care of ourselves.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I could really take care of ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I'd really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I really would be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I'd really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I only just found out ourselves that Mary and John weren't planning to come.
Tom didn't have to stay home to help us. Mary and I could've done it by ourselves.
You didn't need to stay home to help us. Tom and I could've done it by ourselves.
You didn't know that Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I could've saved ourselves a lot of time by just doing that ourselves.
You didn't know Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
Tom said he wished that Mary and I wouldn't go out after dark by ourselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and me to go skin diving by ourselves.
Tom said he didn't believe that Mary and I actually did that by ourselves.
Tom and I only just found out ourselves that Mary wasn't planning to come.
Tom and I could save ourselves a lot of time by just doing that ourselves.
You didn't know Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves, did you?
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom didn't know that Mary and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I really could take care of ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I could really take care of ourselves.
Tom and I didn't know that we weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I might not be permitted to do that by ourselves.
Tom didn't know that Mary and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I didn't know that Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered whether Mary and I could take care of ourselves.
Should I tell Tom that Mary and I don't want to do that by ourselves?
I think this is the first time Tom and I've done that by ourselves.
I think I should tell Tom that Mary and I won't do that by ourselves.
Tom didn't know Mary and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I probably won't be able to solve that problem by ourselves.
I think it might be dangerous for Tom and me to do that by ourselves.
It might be dangerous for Tom and me to go skin diving by ourselves.
I didn't know that Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
Does Tom still think Mary and I'll be able to do that by ourselves?
Tom thought that Mary and I went into the woods to kill ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I might be permitted to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I'd be lonely if we went camping by ourselves.
Tom said he wished that Mary and I wouldn't do that by ourselves.
Tom didn't know Mary and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I didn't know Tom and I weren't supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I wouldn't be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered why Mary and I didn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wondered if Mary and I could take care of ourselves.
I think that was the first time Tom and I did that by ourselves.
Tom told Mary and me that we should try to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I wouldn't enjoy doing that by ourselves.
Should Tom and I tell Mary that we won't do that by ourselves?
I didn't know Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom told Mary and me that we should try to do it by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
I wonder if Tom and I can work out our problems by ourselves.
I think you ought to let Tom and me go to Boston by ourselves.
I think Tom and I might have accidentally poisoned ourselves.
Does Tom think Mary and I'll be able to do that by ourselves?
We should be ashamed of ourselves for treating Tom that way.
Tom and I don't think we'll be able to do that by ourselves.
It might be dangerous for Tom and me to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've solved that problem by ourselves.
Does Tom really think Mary and I can take care of ourselves?
Tom thought Mary and I wouldn't enjoy camping by ourselves.
Tom and I told our new classmates a little about ourselves.
I think you should let Tom and me go to Boston by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could take care of ourselves if we tried.
Tom thought Mary and I might need to do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I might have to do that by ourselves.
Tom said he wished that Mary and I'd behave ourselves.
Tom and I've been told not to try doing that by ourselves.
Does Tom really think Mary and I can do that by ourselves?
I think Tom and I should be able to do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've done that faster by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could do that by ourselves if we tried.
Tom told Mary and me that we should do that by ourselves.
Tom thought Mary and I'd be doing that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I were supposed to do that by ourselves.
Tom thinks that Mary and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom and I'll probably be able to do that by ourselves.
Tell Tom that Mary and I have to do that by ourselves.
I think you should let Tom and me do that by ourselves.
I know Tom and I can take care of ourselves if we try.
Does Tom know Mary and I can't take care of ourselves?
Would it be OK if Tom and I stayed here by ourselves?
Tom and I'd like to spend some time by ourselves.
Tom and I stayed by at home by ourselves last Monday.
Maybe Tom and I should quit before we hurt ourselves.
I think Tom and I'll be able to do that by ourselves.
I suppose Tom and I could try to find Mary ourselves.
Do you think Tom ad I'd be able do that by ourselves?
I think Tom and I will be able do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've gotten home by ourselves.
I believe that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
Weren't Tom and I supposed to do that by ourselves?
We should stop doing this before we hurt ourselves.
Tom suggested that Mary and I do that by ourselves.
I'm convinced Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I don't think Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom knows Mary and I can't take care of ourselves.
Tom and I couldn't stop ourselves from doing that.
I think that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I think Tom and I could've done that by ourselves.
Do you think Tom and I could do that by ourselves?
Tom and I shouldn't have gone there by ourselves.
Tom and I should've taken care of that ourselves.
Tom and I might not want to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I could've done that faster by ourselves.
I wonder if Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
I know that Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom asked if Mary and I were enjoying ourselves.
Tom and I'd never done that by ourselves before.
Tom and I don't do that by ourselves very often.
I think Tom and I'll be doing that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I might've poisoned ourselves.
Tom and I helped ourselves to something to eat.
Tom and I aren't going to do that by ourselves.
Tom wanted Mary and me to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I think we can take care of ourselves.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at a Mary's party.
I think Tom and I should do that by ourselves.
Tom wants Mary and me to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I have the right to defend ourselves.
Tom and I have no one but ourselves to blame.
I think Tom and I might do that by ourselves.
I think Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom told Mary and me to go home by ourselves.
Tom told Mary and me to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I'd like a little time to ourselves.
Tom and I won't be able to defend ourselves.
Tom and I did that by ourselves last Monday.
Tom and I amused ourselves by playing games.
I know Tom and I can take care of ourselves.
We must not allow ourselves to be deceived.
Tom told Mary and me to handle it ourselves.
Tom and I prepared ourselves for the crash.
Tom and I have to look after ourselves now.
I think Tom and I should do that ourselves.
I think Tom and I can do that by ourselves.
Tom and I've never done that by ourselves.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at the picnic.
Tom and I can move the piano by ourselves.
We must not allow ourselves to be fooled.
Tom and I'll take care of that ourselves.
Tom and I'll have to find Mary ourselves.
Tom and I wanted to do that by ourselves.
Tom and I should've gone there ourselves.
Tom and I should do everything ourselves.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at the party.
Tom and I enjoyed ourselves at the beach.
We need to prepare ourselves for battle.
Tom and I've been pretty busy ourselves.
Tom and I were told to behave ourselves.
Tom and I should've done that ourselves.
Tom and I are pretty proud of ourselves.
We tried to make ourselves comfortable.
Tom asked if we'd done that by ourselves.
Tom and I'll have to do that ourselves.
Tom and I just couldn't help ourselves.
Tom and I had a few problems ourselves.
Tom and I decorated the room ourselves.
Tom and I consider ourselves fortunate.
Let's just keep this between ourselves.
Tom and I've got to protect ourselves.
Tom and I'll deal with that ourselves.
Tom and I seldom do that by ourselves.
Tom and I painted our house ourselves.
Tom and I must take care of ourselves.
Tom and I have the place to ourselves.
Tom and I didn't do that by ourselves.
I hope Tom and I don't hurt ourselves.
We're preparing ourselves for battle.
We must prepare ourselves for battle.
Tom and I won't do that by ourselves.
Tom and I might do that by ourselves.
Tom and I cleaned up after ourselves.
Tom and I can't do that by ourselves.
How will Tom and I protect ourselves?
We need to clean up after ourselves.
Tom and I'll take care of ourselves.
Tom and I will do that by ourselves.
Tom and I tried to defend ourselves.
Tom and I need to protect ourselves.
Tom and I are pretty busy ourselves.
Tom and I should do that ourselves.
Tom and I really enjoyed ourselves.
Tom and I consider ourselves lucky.
Tom and I can't do that ourselves.
Tom and I must do that ourselves.
Tom and I made ourselves at home.
Tom and I found ourselves seats.
Tom and I can support ourselves.
May Tom and I do that ourselves?
Tom and I made these ourselves.
We need to take care of ourselves.
Tom and I did that ourselves.
We need to defend ourselves.
We consider ourselves lucky.
Tom and I injured ourselves.
Tom and I behaved ourselves.
Tom and I let ourselves in.
Tom and I blame ourselves.
That's a pagoda.
That's a hotel.
That's a boat.
That bicycle isn't Tom's.
That applies to Tom, too.
Why do you eat that crap?
Stop eating that crap.
They will eat your bananas.
They'll eat your bananas.
I could really go for a cigarette.
Tom has eaten most of his pizza.
I don't have any feelings for Tom at all.
Have you ever felt that you don't know what to do?
More things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of.
Child is father of the man.
Who will you be coming with?
I won't be leaving until tomorrow.
I'm at my parents' house.
I'm at my parents' place.
You need a hobby.
How can I call a taxi?
A blockchain is a growing list of records, called blocks, which are linked and secured using cryptography.
Satoshi Nakamoto invented bitcoin and the blockchain.
Tom wants to create his own cryptocurrency.
CubeSats are tiny satellites that are deployed from the International Space Station.
Scientists discovered a mosquito perfectly preserved in amber, and which also contained the blood of many different species of dinosaurs.
Hackers stole $70 millions in Bitcoin.
The Pirin national park in Bulgaria, is home to many large mammals such as brown bears and wolves.
The tail of a dinosaur has been found trapped in amber.
Tom closed the door behind them.
I closed the door behind us.
Tom closed the door behind us.
Learning a new language is also learning a new culture.
Tom is a brilliant coder.
Is Bitcoin a bubble?
Tom is preparing for his next competition.
Tom listened to the sounds of the sea.
Tom opened the window and listened to the sounds of the sea.
Mary wrapped her arms around Tom's neck.
Cetaceans are thought to use Earth's magnetic field to navigate.
Mass strandings occur around the world and can affect anywhere from three to several hundred animals during any given event.
In strandings involving multiple deaths, autopsies reveal that the vast majority of the deceased animals were healthy before they beached.
Just as weather varies on Earth, occasionally bringing thunderstorms and gusty winds, the ever-changing Sun sometimes hurls massive clouds of solar material and magnetic fields into space, called coronal mass ejections, or CMEs.
If we can determine what conditions promote strandings and develop an alert system that recognizes when those factors are coming together, then stranding networks in different areas can prepare for the event and get rescue efforts on the ground sooner.
Headquartered in Yarmouth Port, Massachusetts, IFAW operates in 40 countries, rescuing animals and promoting conservation to secure a safe habitat for wildlife.
That man died a few hours ago.
Interplanetary space is hardly tranquil. High-energy charged particles from the Sun, as well as from beyond our solar system, constantly whizz by.
MMS, launched in 2015, uses four identical spacecraft flying in a pyramid formation to take a three-dimensional look at the magnetic environment around Earth.
Bitcoin mining uses more electricity in a year than the whole of Ireland.
Don't be shy, Tom.
She coughed.
You coughed.
Send me a postcard!
My father's saying nothing.
The students I teach are good.
Every word is a prejudice.
I like your suggestion.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered.
I will devour you, little boy.
Envy and jealousy are the private parts of the human soul.
The Galileo and Voyager missions provided evidence that Europa has a liquid water ocean under an icy crust.
We thought Enceladus was just boring and cold until the Cassini mission discovered a liquid water subsurface ocean.
For any star, it's possible to calculate the range of distances where orbiting planets could have liquid water on the surface. This is called the star's habitable zone.
Astronomers have already located some habitable-zone planets.
Basic physics tells us that smaller planets must be rocky and larger ones gaseous.
The oxygen in Earth's atmosphere comes from living things, but oxygen can also be produced by inorganic chemical reactions.
If you walked into a college dorm room and found three students and a pizza, you could conclude that the pizza had recently arrived, because college students quickly consume pizza.
Every scientist involved in the search for life is convinced it's out there. Their opinions differ on when we'll find it.
How soon we find a living exoplanet really depends on whether there's one relatively nearby, with the right orbit and size, and with biosignatures that we are able to recognize, Hu said. In other words, "There's always a factor of luck."
Basic physics tells us that smaller planets must be rocky and larger ones gaseous, but for planets ranging from Earth-sized to about twice that radius, astronomers can't tell a large rocky planet from a small gaseous planet.
Hu pioneered a method to detect surface minerals on bare-rock exoplanets and defined the atmospheric chemical signature of volcanic activity, which wouldn't occur on a gas planet.
Who does not have two-thirds of his day for himself, is a slave.
Time is the number one killer.
Just act naturally.
Venus and Mars do not have magnetospheres at all.
Jupiter does not have a molten metal core; instead, its magnetic field is created by a core of compressed liquid metallic hydrogen.
I'd never thought of it that way before.
Thirty years ago, the international community signed the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer and began regulating ozone-depleting compounds.
Ozone is a molecule comprised of three oxygen atoms that occurs naturally in small amounts.
Closer to the ground, ozone can also be created by photochemical reactions between the sun and pollution from vehicle emissions and other sources, forming harmful smog.
The current ozone hole area is still large compared to the 1980s, when the depletion of the ozone layer above Antarctica was first detected. This is because levels of ozone-depleting substances like chlorine and bromine remain high enough to produce significant ozone loss.
Ozone pollution near Earth's surface is one of the main ingredients of summertime smog.
Unlike its presence at high altitude where ozone acts as Earth's sunscreen from harmful ultraviolet radiation, at low altitudes, ozone is a health hazard contributing to respiratory problems like asthma and bronchitis.
Tom is a deep thinker.
Mary is a deep thinker.
To dream is to lose interest.
To foresee is to project in the future what one has perceived in the past.
Ancient people worshipped many gods and goddesses.
Ancient people worshiped many gods and goddesses.
Friendship is a love that never dies.
I never thought that something like this could happen.
You probably shouldn't do this.
You probably shouldn't do this.
I wore the scarf that you made for me.
This is a very exciting opportunity.
Tom is a bit scatterbrained.
Mary is a bit scatterbrained.
Korolyov was responsible for the Sputnik program, which in 1957 launched the first artificial satellite into orbit.
Jupiter has at least 69 moons.
He loves football.
And this is Tom.
How about some eggs and bacon?
"You drive me crazy, baby." "I know."
Sami is a race car driver.
Every Halloween, the Bakirs have a family get-together in Sami's house.
Sami divorced his wife so that he could be with Layla.
Sami called Layla one week later on a quiet afternoon.
Sami changed the beneficiary of his life insurance to Layla.
Sami confronted Layla about her lover.
Sami took drastic steps to establish his airtight alibi.
What does the barometer say?
We're playing soccer.
Tomorrow will be perfect for kite flying.
The needle of the barometer fell low.
We take several readings of the barometer per day.
If I have six apples and give one away, how many apples do I have left?
"You look like a huge gorilla in this big black coat." "Very funny, Sami."
Sami burped and everyone laughed.
I'm sorry for getting so mad.
Who left this stupid bottle lying around?
A new woman walked into Sami's life.
"What's your name?" "I thought you would never ask."
All of my friends like football.
Sami was trying to lure Layla back into his life.
A voice of one that cries in the desert: Prepare a way for the Lord, make his paths straight.
How long have I been out?
My cell is ringing.
Tom wore a reindeer hat at the Christmas party.
Tom wore a party hat.
Party hats are often worn at birthday parties.
The men wore tuxedos and the women wore evening gowns.
I'm trying to find that black skirt I wore last week.
And why are you telling me that?
Mary wore a beautiful evening gown to the party.
Tom rolled onto his side.
You can't come to the party dressed like that!
"You can't come to the party dressed like that!" "Why not?"
What about that red dress?
Mary tried to pretend like she was having a great time.
Tom tried to pretend he was having a great time.
Oh no, I spilled salad dressing on my dress!
Mary wore a black cocktail dress.
Mary wore a strapless dress to the party.
Tom wore a silly hat to the party.
The Kadazan language will be launched on Google Translate in 2018.
The Iban language will be launched on Google Translate in 2018.
The Dusun language will be launched on Google Translate in 2018.
He is big and fat and always busy.
Tom wasn't exactly forthcoming with an answer.
This is pure poetry.
It's not correct word.
Not a correct word or expression.
They are sorry, they want to make it up with you.
Not a word.
It's easy to develop bad training habits.
He had his hands all over her.
Tom's last girlfriend was German.
Tom's last girlfriend was from Boston.
He was drunk the last time I saw him.
The leaves have fallen.
The last of the leaves have fallen.
What does your wife do?
What does your husband do?
Tom's last girlfriend was Japanese.
Tom climbed into a taxi.
Disaster puts one in touch with oneself: suffering fuels creativity.
Sports are fun.
Tom's skin is dry.
It's not boring. It's cool.
Reading is not boring. It's cool.
Science is not boring. It's cool.
Astronomy is not boring. It's cool.
Fireworks are cool.
Time is an invention, or it is nothing at all.
Tom's last girlfriend was Russian.
Your mom and dad don't know?
Your parents don't know?
They don't need to know.
What do you consider your most impressive achievement?
I have band practice after school.
Tom lives in his van.
Tom did a handstand on the edge of the cliff.
They hadn't eaten since morning.
Tom packed up his possessions.
My parents can't wait to meet you.
I told him she was my girlfriend.
I told her he was my boyfriend.
Every truth is a road drawn through reality.
I already told your parents.
I'm trying to understand how all the pieces fit together.
Tom and Mary hiked up the mountain.
Tom looked intensely into her eyes.
That was extremely painful.
Tom's parents were very understanding.
That was kind of you.
Tom is his family's main breadwinner.
Sex appeal is the keystone of our civilization.
I am not authorized to answer that question.
That was very kind of you.
Won't anyone tell me what's going on around here?
Watch out for landmines.
There are still thousands of tons of unexploded ordnance in Germany.
Tom is a bomb disposal expert.
That was just the way Sami lived his life.
They're definitely up to something.
Tom partied really hard.
Tom is a thrill-seeker.
Tom ran through the airport.
Sambo is a Russian martial art.
Sambo is a Russian martial art created by the Soviet Red Army.
Fireworks are legal.
Tom couldn't afford to hire professional actors.
Tom's desk was perfectly clean.
Tom's desk is perfectly clean.
Tom and Mary don't have enough money to buy a house.
She doesn't like football.
Tom punched a hole in the wall.
She is no longer my girlfriend.
It's mine now.
I play basketball.
I play netball.
Brain exercises are important, especially for small children.
Tom's inappropriate behavior had been widely reported by the press.
You are so fast, like the fire brigade.
Are you already awake?
When he got off the bus, he said goodbye to me.
After his speech a standing ovation ensued.
How much does the membership cost?
I do like a challenge.
It's a routine procedure.
The starling has been chosen as Bird of the Year 2018.
I parked my car near the main entrance.
He is a Dutchman.
She is a Dutchwoman.
Where can I find a pair of jackboots?
This divan is made of velvet.
This couch is made of velvet.
He is responsible for that car accident.
She has pear-shaped breasts.
He is invisible to the naked eye.
She is invisible to the naked eye.
Just give me two minutes.
Translating and interpreting the various languages requires money, time, and energy.
An overtaking ban for lorries is in force on many motorways.
On your marks.
Sorry, Sami, nature calls.
Take a picture of me.
Take another picture of me.
Take another picture.
That was the last picture Sami took.
Show me the pictures.
I found it. Finders keepers.
Sami used up all the film.
Sami got the film developed.
Sami bought a new roll of film.
If you found it, it is yours. Finders keepers.
Sami found a camera in the park.
Sami found a professional camera on the beach.
"That's you, isn't it?" "Not this time."
"You're a very good artist." "So is Sami."
Sami was a tough cookie.
Purple is my favorite color.
"Sami knows all the words." "He has to. He's an experienced comedian."
For a comedian, remembering the words is the easy part.
Who else wants to take a dump?
Let's go see what Sami is doing.
My cheeks are sore from smiling too much.
Everyone can join, including girls.
Sami is coming over to play with Layla.
I can do wheelies.
This is a chocolate coin.
I thought I would find happiness there.
I thought you would like it.
Sami's job was to protect lives.
This cop's job is to protect lives but today, he took lives.
We played football yesterday.
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things.
I look, but I don't see.
The material is airproof.
The material is airtight.
Sami has been having an affair with Layla.
My pillow is waiting for me.
My brother's son is my nephew.
Introverts don't like being the center of attention.
She seemed happy to see me.
He seemed happy to see me.
Mary seemed happy to see me.
He was not very talkative.
Tom is not very talkative.
I feel like a total idiot.
In the U.S., the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) allocates portions of the electromagnetic spectrum used for communications to various users.
Software-defined radios like cognitive radio use artificial intelligence to employ underutilized portions of the electromagnetic spectrum without human intervention.
The annual Geminid meteor shower has arrived. It's a good time to bundle up, go outside and let the universe blow your mind!
With August's Perseids obscured by bright moonlight, the Geminids will be the best shower this year.
The Geminids are active every December, when Earth passes through a massive trail of dusty debris shed by a weird, rocky object named 3200 Phaethon.
The dust and grit burn up when they run into Earth's atmosphere in a flurry of "shooting stars."
"Phaethon's nature is debated," said Cooke. "It's either a near-Earth asteroid or an extinct comet, sometimes called a rock comet."
The Geminids can be seen with the naked eye under clear, dark skies over most of the world, though the best view is from the Northern Hemisphere.
Skywatching is easy. Just get away from bright lights and look up in any direction!
Give your eyes time to adjust to the dark.
Meteors appear all over the sky.
Autonomous machines will someday be deployed to the Moon, Mars or beyond to construct shelters for human habitation.
At around 2,200 kilometers in diameter, Hellas Planitia is the largest visible impact basin in the Solar System, and hosts the lowest elevations on Mars' surface as well as a variety of landscapes.
Just like on Earth, high-latitude regions on Mars are covered with frost in the winter. However, the winter frost on Mars is made of carbon dioxide ice (dry ice) instead of water ice.
The Dawn flight team is studying ways to maneuver Dawn into a new elliptical orbit, which may take the spacecraft to less than 120 miles (200 kilometers) from the surface of Ceres at closest approach. Previously, Dawn's lowest altitude was 240 miles (385 kilometers).
Gamma-ray bursts are the most powerful explosions in the cosmos.
Dawn is the only mission ever to orbit two extraterrestrial targets.
Tom can break bricks with his hands.
This kung fu master can break bricks with his hands.
Mars has two small moons, Phobos and Deimos.
Magnetic fields are invisible.
Tom beat me fair and square.
You beat me fair and square.
I don't really want to talk to you.
Where is the restroom?
Let me help you. Your bags look very heavy.
Tom was running down the street drunk and naked.
Tom took his finger off the trigger and lowered the gun.
Tom should've let his children go camping with us.
Tom sat motionless on a chair in the center of the room.
Tom reached into his pocket and pulled out some change.
Tom has willingly done everything we've asked him to.
If you don't leave now, you'll be late.
When the whistle blows, that means everyone stops what they're doing and listens.
Go as fast as you can.
Sami stepped in a deep spot and fell into the water.
Let's go and play.
Sami broke his glasses and he can't see anything.
Anything they say to Tatoeba can have an impact.
Let us not think that climate change will not affect us.
Who is the founder of Google Translate?
It's on telly right now.
Kettle's on. What do you fancy?
I'm just popping out for some bread. Do you want anything?
Everything that is said at Tatoeba can have repercussion.
Someone took my glass when I wasn't looking.
Your flies are undone.
I'm just popping out to the shops.
The course lasts a fortnight.
The course lasts for two weeks.
You've barely moved all day.
Parenting is difficult and stressful.
Mary defied her father's wishes.
Tom is an attentive lover.
Does your partner empathize with you?
Tom is very concerned with his appearance.
Mary is very concerned with her appearance.
Tom is generous to everyone.
I know the statistics.
You can't disappear like that.
You can't just disappear like that.
Tom gets bored easily.
Mary gets bored easily.
Tom was a model inmate.
Tom is a model inmate.
The prison was overcrowded.
His body is very muscular.
Tom burned his tongue on the hot cheese.
I got Tom to swim.
We have got a lot of practising to do.
On your marks. Get set. Ready? Go!
Get behind me.
I'm done practising.
Call me dad.
I'm your dad.
Who needs a food processor like this?
Sami is making a fool of himself.
I do believe you're jealous.
"You're jealous." "Jealous? Of whom?"
Of whom is Layla jealous?
Sami has just ordered another round.
I've been thinking and I think that your decision is the best.
How far did you run?
Sami caught the frisbee.
Sami's dog caught the frisbee.
Sami can set broken bones.
Sami knows an old man who can set broken bones.
We haven't been alone in years.
Let's have a second honeymoon.
The camping trip is off.
"We're stuck." "What do you mean "we"?"
I want you to scan this book.
We've got a lot more packing to do before leaving.
Sami and Layla wanted to go away on a second honeymoon.
If I was married to her mother, I'd go to a psychiatric hospital.
Unroll the tent right here.
There is a monster out there.
The monster chased me.
There is no monster in your room.
It's just a baby crocodile.
I'll go in that direction.
Sami can make up his own bed.
Sami has seen every medical show on TV.
Who can tell me what a tragicomedy is?
I didn't trust Tom and he didn't trust me, either.
Sami was the only one who could fit into the costume.
Sami is ready to leave for the airport.
Look after the cattle.
Sami brought love and laughter everywhere.
Layla doesn't shave her legs.
Sami never shaves.
"Idiot!" "Idiot? I can imagine where you picked that up."
Sami is paying his debts.
Is dinner ready, Mom?
"Is that clever?" "Very."
Take off your coat, please.
Sami promoted Layla over Farid.
Sami said he promoted Layla over Farid by mistake.
It's too dark to see.
It was too dark to see.
It'll soon be too dark to see.
Tom lives in a caravan.
Tom lives in a camper.
Is it supposed to snow tonight?
Should it snow tonight?
I love them both.
Where were you when Tom was murdered?
I'm on no one's side.
Tom spent the night half-awake.
That explains a lot of things.
Well, that explains a lot of things.
I told him about my dreams.
Be careful not to burn the roof of your mouth.
Tom blew on the pizza to cool it down.
Tom burned the roof of his mouth biting into the slice of pizza.
Tom gave Mary a reassuring hug.
Tom ate two large slices of pizza.
In the morning, we found a stranded dolphin.
"O Tannenbaum" is a traditional German folk song.
"Silent Night" was declared an intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO in 2011.
Do you want a glass of milk?
Advent calendars are special calendars that mark the progress of Advent.
Mary gave the children an Advent calendar to help them count the days until Christmas.
A chocolate is hidden behind each door of this Advent calendar.
Tom gave Mary a a heart-shaped cookie.
Tom gave Mary a Lebkuchen.
They left without paying.
Tom sat next to her and began to rub her back.
He's not a loser. He's my friend.
Advertising again!
Tom wraps his gifts so artfully that one doesn't want to open them.
Tom wrapped Mary's Christmas gift in wrapping paper with a squirrel wearing a Santa hat on it. He knew that this would make Mary very happy.
Tom sings in a choir.
Mary sings in a choir.
Do you run this place by yourself?
"Okay, I'll tell you, but don't laugh." "I promise."
I've never seen the stars shine so brightly.
The passengers hurried onto the plane.
The plane's doors were already closed when Tom got to the gate.
I've been trying to reach you all day.
Where were you? I've been trying to reach you all day.
That's what I tried to tell him.
That's what I tried to tell her.
This will be my crowning achievement.
This will be the crowning achievement of my career.
Tom thought about what he'd do when he got out of prison.
Tom picked up the magazine.
Tom picked up a magazine.
Does your invitation still stand?
Come on, Tom, lighten up.
Tom decorated his house with Christmas lights.
Tom decorated his house with 100,000 computer-controlled lights.
Christmas trees used to be illuminated with candles.
Tom picked the magazine up.
There's nothing between Mary and me. She's just a friend.
There's nothing between Tom and me. He's just a friend.
Would you like a glass of milk?
I told Tom about my dreams.
I told Tom about my dream.
I told Tom about the nightmare I had last night.
Tom was eager to get started.
Mary was eager to get started.
They were eager to get started.
I would've told you, but Tom made me promise not to.
I kept trying to tell Tom that, but he wouldn't listen.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider going to Australia.
I've worked here for three years.
I've tried calling Tom all day, but the line is busy.
Tom wraps his gifts so beautifully that no one wants to open them.
Tom and I'll do that by ourselves.
Do you think that Tom is still busy?
Do you think that Tom is still cold?
Do you think that Tom is still here?
Do you think that Tom is still home?
Do you think that Tom is still lost?
Tom says he seldom does that.
We counted the growth rings on the tree that we cut down and found out that it was thirty years old.
Tom and his children spent all afternoon looking for the perfect Christmas tree.
I don't know what this tree is called, but there are a lot of them around here.
The truck Tom was driving slid on the icy road and crashed into a tree.
We cut down the largest tree we could find so we could make a canoe.
Tom has three bonsai trees that he got from his great-grandfather.
Tom took shelter under the tree, hoping he wouldn't get too wet.
The strong winds knocked down a lot of tree branches last night.
The apples from the tree behind Tom's house are very delicious.
Tom tried to hide behind the tree, but I could still see him.
Several trees blew down in our neighborhood during the storm.
I planted various fruit trees on my property three years ago.
Tom and his friends chopped down every tree on his property.
Tom sat in the shade of a tree, watching his children play.
Tom climbed a nearby tree to see if he could see the ocean.
That man standing over there next to the maple tree is Tom.
Tom slept under the tree, using his knapsack for a pillow.
I think the coat underneath that tree over there is Tom's.
Hundreds of trees in this park blew over in the hurricane.
When Tom was a young boy, he used to love climbing trees.
Tom strung up a hammock between two trees and took a nap.
The tree in front of the library was struck by lightning.
Last week's storm damaged many trees in our neighborhood.
How many of the trees on your property are fruit trees?
A tree has fallen across Park Street, blocking traffic.
Last week, we cut down all the trees in our backyard.
I think this is the tallest tree that I've ever seen.
Do you think you could climb to the top of this tree?
Why do you think Tom enjoys climbing trees so much?
I think this is the oldest oak tree on this island.
My father planted this tree on the day I was born.
We had to rescue a skier who crashed into a tree.
Tom and Mary carved their initials into the tree.
I think Tom was the one who cut down those trees.
Tom and his father built a tree house together.
A tree fell on my new car and I had to junk it.
Tom works on a 300-acre Christmas tree farm.
Tom was killed when a tree limb fell on him.
Tom died when his truck crashed into a tree.
We planted several trees in our front yard.
Tell Tom that I'll prune his trees for him.
When do you take down your Christmas tree?
Tom sat on the tree stump, reading a book.
Many of my neighbors have persimmon trees.
What'll it cost have this tree cut down?
My favorite tree is the weeping willow.
Do you know what kind of tree that is?
How old do you think those trees are?
Tell Tom that I'm pruning the trees.
Tell Tom that I'll prune the trees.
How many trees are in your orchard?
Tom died after his car hit a tree.
Tom squatted down under the tree.
Tom died when a tree fell on him.
I rested in the shade of a tree.
When did you plant these trees?
When were these trees planted?
This tree is older than I am.
A tree fell on Tom's house.
What's your favorite tree?
What kind of tree is this?
These trees are beautiful.
Who planted these trees?
That's a fir tree.
Where is the ice cream parlor?
Where is the ice cream parlor?
I want to return to work.
We have a special offer for you.
Everything I talked about was true.
There was only one chair.
Read whatever you want.
It wasn't possible to go.
I have to get off at the next station.
Your brother is younger than me.
How many rooms does their apartment have?
We're going to live together.
Mary doesn't realise that she gets on everyone's wick.
Mary doesn't realise that she gets on everyone's nerves.
Do this exercise as revision.
You're a rum old bird!
You're a funny one!
Recently, there has been a strong sense of despair on Youtube.
Tom is skilled at using his time.
Try to power cycle it?
He chopped the tree down.
He felled the tree.
He felled a tree.
He chopped down a tree.
The tree was felled.
I'm standing under a tree.
I'm standing under the tree.
Hey, you wanna get beat up?
Don't say stupid things!
What's the difference between a friend and a lover?
Tom marvelled at Mary's unique, language-transcending vocals.
You're well in there, Tom!
You are approaching, aren't you?
I agree with you on this point.
I should've never trusted Tom.
Merry Christmas, everybody!
One of the best parts of the holiday season is spending time with the special people in your life.
Why do you like black coffee?
I am interested.
I like Norwegian!
Keep a sharp eye!
I'm drinking my coffee.
I was awakened by the smell of coffee.
Your genes determine whether you are a late riser or an early bird.
That joke cracks me up.
Indubitably.
Which detergent is best suited for this?
I was raped!
Do you work on Mondays?
It is easier than it seems.
She passed away.
She is handy.
He is handy.
A plane landed on the speedway.
Do chickens pee?
We tried to fool Tom, but he obviously knew something was up.
This is an outstanding performance.
I want to share a secret with you.
Dmitri Shostakovich was a Russian composer.
I know hardly anything about it.
The small flower is yellow.
Shostakovich regularly sent postcards to himself to test how well the postal service was working.
Have you got any plans?
I'm talking to my child.
She's giving her mother a bouquet of flowers.
Would you like to go out for dinner with me?
Her condition is comparable to mine.
I'm old school.
Can't you get someone else to go.
How long will you be away, Tom?
She had about a hundred and fifty dollars in cash.
He was now twelve years old and ready to enter a junior high school.
Of course, Tom missed his father.
It is getting very late
Bring us two egg sandwiches, two cups of coffee and two pieces of apple pie, please.
I'll get your sandwiches now, folks. I'm sure they're ready.
Let's go to bed now. It's quite late and you are very tired after that long ride today.
Soon, you'll be going to high school.
You're getting to be a big boy now.
May I go to school tomorrow?
He locked the door behind him as his mother had told him to do.
He opened his eyes, looked about him and then jumped out of the bed.
His mother was already home from work and had supper prepared.
I told you to be quiet.
Does my father know about this?
If you know what is good for you, you will obey my commands.
Anytime you want anything, just let me know.
I'm getting off at the next stop, you know.
Sami refused to do that from the get-go.
Sami can't wait that long.
Sami and Layla are waiting for us.
Who else could it be?
Layla makes my lunch.
Sami ate at the school cafeteria today.
Make your lunch yourself. All the stuff is right there.
Sami is going to make dinner tonight.
Sami can't stay for dinner.
No meat was being served in the school cafeteria.
I'll leave it to Mr. Bakir to decide on a suitable punishment for this kind of irresponsibility.
Sami's cooking isn't that good.
Sami has an over-inflated ego.
Why don't you turn the computer off and go eat?
"Thank you." "Sure. You're welcome."
Layla is so jealous.
Layla has been seeing somebody else.
Sami is just using you.
Sami was just toying with my affections.
Sami took Layla out for a pizza.
Sami doesn't want to see Layla again.
Dinner is in the oven.
What's this hissing sound?
Sami projects an image of maturity and dignity.
What has Layla done to her hair?
Report to my office immediately.
I see you know who I am.
"I know you're the boss." "You'd better believe it."
"Maybe you're right." "Of course I am."
I may be small, but I'm quick.
This could affect Sami's whole life.
Layla rocked the baby in her arms and sang him a lullaby.
I can't take Layla to the dance.
Sami can't go to the dance.
Sami was returning to the garage after finishing work.
"I have a house with a pool." "Now you're making me curious."
Is this freak your friend?
Sami even went to an island.
It sounds really good.
I like stargazing.
Where can I find a translator?
Is there anything in that rumour?
Is there any truth to that rumour?
Never argue with a teacher before an exam.
Every Saturday we play football.
He advanced his pawn forward two spaces.
Why don't English speakers like to adopt English sentences?
His watch said seven o'clock.
He felt rather ashamed of himself.
There is no time to spare.
For a while, there was silence.
Is she working in a good place?
For a long moment, the two looked at each other.
There were tears in his eyes, and the expression on his face made it plain to the waiter that something was very wrong.
I don't believe I care for any breakfast.
I hope that you will like your new school. It's a wonderful place.
How can I get in touch with you, Dad, after you are gone?
I want you to write me frequently.
The boy thought he'd better say nothing more on the subject.
We'll get a cab now, and go to see your new home. I am very sure that you will like it.
I sing of arms and the man, made a fugitive by fate, who first came from the coasts of Troy, to Italy and the Lavinian shores.
This show is about monarchs, nobles, and peasants butchering each other for no real reason.
"Social justice warrior" (often shortened to SJW) is a pejorative term used on both the left and right to refer to left-wing individuals perceived as promoting or imposing their beliefs in an excessively aggressive manner.
Rather than focus on actual problems, they bicker among themselves, accusing each other of having beliefs that are insufficiently ideologically pure.
Ideological purity tests accomplish nothing.
Rather than attack racism, they attack each other for being insufficiently anti-racist.
I am in favor of political correctness, but sometimes it goes too far.
When does Tom usually eat?
Conservatives think I'm an SJW, and liberals think I'm a reactionary.
Show him who's boss.
Show her who's boss.
Show them who's boss.
Give me the ring.
Give me your ring.
Where is the ring?
How much did the ring cost?
The ring is mine.
It's my ring.
Is it true that even among the penguins of Antarctica there are emissaries from the Kremlin?
Never doubt!
The book is full of lies.
I did not know what to say and I said nothing.
Read more books.
I saw them leave together.
Tom and I made plans to go to the party together.
Don't leave them alone together.
Tom was very protective of her.
Tom hosted the party at his house.
We all had dinner together.
Do you remember what happened at the Christmas party last year?
I saw a look pass between them.
Tom saw a look pass between them.
I think Tom is having an affair.
I think Mary is having an affair.
And what makes you such an expert?
I don't want you to end up like me.
I don't want you to end up like Tom.
I don't want you to end up like Mary.
I never said I was an expert.
Are you going to eat with us?
She's playing football.
She plays football.
Football's not a game of chess.
Mary played football yesterday.
I wouldn't want you even if you were the only woman on the Earth.
You behave yourself while I'm gone.
You should have listened to your mother.
I should have listened to my mother.
Tom should have listened to his mother.
I want you to behave yourself while I'm gone.
His heart belongs to football.
The truth's on the football pitch.
She just wants to meet you.
He just wants to meet you.
She's only thinking about football today.
The kids are fighting.
I played football with my dad.
The kids are fighting again.
I don't want to live that way.
What is taking them so long?
What the hell is taking them so long?
Who is the world's best goalkeeper?
I don't have time now to think about football.
Tom has a strong grip.
He kissed the corner of her mouth.
The study was published in the journal Science.
The study was published in Nature.
Not only is the universe expanding, but its expansion is speeding up.
You don't have to make it difficult.
As barefoot beach walks can confirm, sand warms or cools quicker than rocks or pavement.
Phobos has an oblong shape with an average diameter of about 14 miles (22 kilometers).
First, the researchers trained the neural network to identify transiting exoplanets using a set of 15,000 previously-vetted signals from the Kepler exoplanet catalogue.
In the test set, the neural network correctly identified true planets and false positives 96 percent of the time.
Then, with the neural network having "learned" to detect the pattern of a transiting exoplanet, the researchers directed their model to search for weaker signals in 670 star systems that already had multiple known planets.
In 1962, Mariner 2 completed the first successful close-up observations of another planet when it flew by Venus.
He's truly what you call a football genius.
He is truly what one calls a footballing genius.
On 18 October 1967, Venera 4 became the first spacecraft to measure the atmosphere of another planet.
Mariner 2 made a number of important scientific discoveries not only about the planet but also about interplanetary space during its transit.
Mariner 1 launched first on July 22, 1962, but its Atlas-Agena rocket veered off-course and was destroyed in the first few minutes of flight.
The fault was traced partly to a missing hyphen in communications software.
During its 110-day journey, Mariner 2 sent back valuable information about its interplanetary environment including confirming the existence of the solar wind, a stream of charged particles emanating from the Sun.
The spacecraft encountered several hardware anomalies, many of which inexplicably fixed themselves.
By the time Mariner 2 approached Venus, one of its solar arrays had failed and the vehicle came dangerously close to overheating, but it remained healthy enough to complete its scientific mission.
Unlike Earth, Mariner 2 found that Venus has no appreciable magnetic field and therefore no protective trapped radiation belts, meaning the planet is constantly bombarded by cosmic rays.
There will be other missions to Venus, but there will never be another first mission to Venus.
We have much to discuss.
Tom dried his hands.
When I was young, I was a big football fan.
How far do you think Australia will go in the World Cup?
The Sierra Nevada range rose almost an inch during California's recent drought due to loss of water from within fractured rocks.
Geological processes created these bright areas and may still be changing the face of Ceres today.
Since Dawn arrived in orbit at Ceres in March 2015, scientists have located more than 300 bright areas on Ceres.
Joy to the world! The Lord is come.
Flamengo has the biggest fan base in Brazil.
My grandmother has grey hair.
He will work with us.
Did I say it right?
Why is the child alone? Where is his mother?
Why are you alone? Where is your mother?
Tom worked in the garden for a long time.
Why are you allowed to do that, but not me?
Children love magic tricks.
This seal can balance a ball on his nose.
This seal can balance a ball on its nose.
Origami, the Japanese tradition of paper-folding, has inspired a number of unique spacecraft designs.
Origami can seem deceptively simple, hiding complex math within its creases.
The Starshade is an immense, folding iris that has been proposed as a way to block light from distant stars. It would unfurl to a diameter of about 85 feet (26 meters) in space, about the size of a standard baseball diamond.
Dampening the brightness of a star's light would extend the capability of a space telescope to detect orbiting exoplanets.
Manan Arya's PhD thesis looked at the use of origami in space superstructures.
Salazar has been making origami for 17 years. As a kid, he was inspired by the children's book "Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes."
Salazar folds paper versions of endangered species and donates them to benefit wildlife conservancies.
Football is a team game.
Tom's playing football tomorrow.
A spacecraft destined to explore a unique asteroid will also test new communication hardware that uses lasers instead of radio waves.
She's playing football tomorrow.
He just wants to get into your pants.
She just wants to get into your pants.
Tom can't keep it in his pants.
You'll have the report on your desk first thing in the morning.
Mary tried to pair them off at the Christmas party.
Close your eyes and try to remember.
The whole family gathered around the big Christmas tree.
I need you to tell me what happened last night.
I've made that dish a hundred times and no one's ever complained before.
In the Mediterranean forests, we have many kinds of trees: oak, pine, willow, ash, elm, and others.
He stopped talking when he saw her.
Tom stopped talking when he saw Mary enter the room.
They met at the Christmas party last year.
We met at the Christmas party last year.
That bird is probably a sparrow.
The seagull and pelican are seabirds.
I prefer football to baseball.
I don't want you to be here.
Mark is an ardent football fan.
Under the tree is a bench.
The children built themselves a tree house.
I noticed it precisely because I was looking in her direction.
The fact is that she didn't notice the difference.
I knew immediately what he meant.
I knew immediately what she meant.
Don't flirt with the customers.
What should I do if a customer tries to flirt with me?
Tom pocketed his change.
Mary wrote down the recipe.
Your blood pressure is a bit high.
What seems to be the trouble?
This story has a sad ending.
Are you having an affair with someone?
How bad is it, doctor?
Why are you texting all the time?
Who are you texting all the time like that?
Tom was hunched over his keyboard.
The waitress wiped a cloth across the table.
I'm not familiar with that term.
Tom is a potato farmer.
It wasn't really a date.
Nothing could make me happier.
Please accept this token of friendship.
Please accept this gift as a token of friendship.
Please accept it as a token of our friendship.
You know what Tom's answer is going to be.
The bouncer asked to see her I.D.
The bouncer asked to see Tom's I.D.
No, Tom didn't tell me.
We're in love and we're probably going to get married.
It was a terrible kiss.
The best way to become a good kisser is to practice frequently.
She was a little anxious.
Tom was a little anxious.
Mary was a little anxious.
Her golden hair fell across her shoulders.
Her golden hair fell over her shoulders.
Her golden hair fell upon her shoulders.
Her golden hair fell over her shoulders and cascaded down her back.
Tell him I have some questions for him.
Tell him I have some questions for her.
You can observe a lot just by looking.
Is that why you stopped?
I think you might be right.
"You're drunk." "No, I'm not."
What did you win?
Tom had a smug look on his face.
You're taking this way too seriously.
It's just a friendly competition.
The international team of researchers discovered several new species previously unknown to science.
Tom refused to press charges.
Mary declined to press charges.
And how do you plan on paying me?
I can't believe I'm crying.
Was it a good workout?
This exercise is good for the lower back.
He was eager to impress her.
She was eager to impress him.
Tom spends most of his time on the road.
There must be a logical explanation.
He kissed the top of her head.
He kissed her forehead.
The doorman refused to let them in.
The doorman refused to let them enter.
The bouncer allowed two people in.
Tom tried to sweet talk the bouncer into letting them into the club.
And so it begins.
Mary was wearing leggings.
The club was hot and stuffy.
Cork is the only tree that regenerates its bark.
Harvesting cork causes the tree no harm.
Her lips met his.
I've never heard my mother sing.
I've never been to Boston, and Tom hasn't either.
I've met Tom on several occasions.
I've lived in Boston before.
His face reddened with shame.
It's all Greek to me.
I'm making a last minute effort.
There is a computer on the table.
I come from a beautiful city: Chengdu.
I want to buy a pair of pants.
Please show your flight ticket and passport.
I'm going to the barber today.
I will not die.
I don't know that person.
This village isn't big, but it's quite lively.
My name is Anna.
I should've let Tom leave.
Tom said he's been offered three thousand dollars.
Tom didn't seem to be a nice guy.
I'm driving you home myself.
I have already called a taxi.
I thought I did the right thing.
I'm invited to the company picnic.
Sami has no future.
Sami got a big promotion.
Sami can say goodbye to his promotion.
Sami likes it here.
Sami will never leave.
How about some lunch?
Layla looks fantastic.
It stinks urine.
Sami is acting really weird.
Sami gave Layla some pie.
Sami wanted to give it a try.
Sami will try.
Sami is not moving.
Sami was jumping up and down.
Sami gave it a try.
Sami was just showing Layla how to use the trampoline.
Sami invited Farid and his wife over for dinner.
Can I have something to nibble on before dinner?
Sami is in his room doing his homework.
Please leave your message at the sound of the beep.
Sami was trying to call Layla.
The phone is working.
Sami and Layla have canceled dinner tonight.
See you tomorrow night.
Tom says that's his favourite shop.
When do we eat.
We will eat what we catch.
They serve food there.
We're gonna go further up the lake.
We better get our raincoats.
Sami forgot the pack the raincoats.
Sami has a crazy sense of humor.
Everybody get out. Not you, Sami.
I call that stealing.
There's only one way to quit my gang.
Sami threatened to beat Layla up.
I have been watching your shows since I was a little kid.
I hate to spoil your fun, but do you know what time it is?
Tie his hands behind him.
You saved our lives. You're fantastic.
Sami is setting the table for dinner.
Maybe you should put that trophy in the living room.
Sami knew he would be discovered sooner or later.
Sami was watching that show this morning.
Sami sent Layla a postcard.
Sami lost his dignity and self-respect.
Who submitted Sami's name?
Only a complete imbecile would do that.
Sami is going to be on the TV show.
Sami needed braces for his teeth.
I'm not gonna take a no for an answer.
Mark is an avid football fan.
I love my town.
It's his stag night.
We were looking for a parking space for a very long time.
We spent ages looking for a place to park.
Sami is a plastic surgeon.
Sami placed signs everywhere.
Sami hired a hitman.
Sami surprised a peeping Tom in his garden.
Sami married a beautiful woman.
Sami lived in a beautiful neighborhood.
Sami dialled 911.
Sami ran back to the truck.
Sami didn't show up for work today.
Sami misses Layla a lot.
Sami misses Layla a lot.
Sami was in the house and he never heard anything.
Sami firmly believes that Farid killed his wife.
Sami was found murdered.
Sami was shot and stabbed multiple times.
Sami's life since Layla's death has stopped.
Sami just wanted that to end.
Sami was lying on the ground.
Sami collapsed to the ground.
Sami used a crudely fashioned silencer to shoot Layla.
Sami came to this house to kill Layla.
Sami knew how to do it.
Sami's father was murdered.
Sami didn't really have to work.
Sami left his job at six.
Sami tried to stay up until his mother came home.
Sami went to work that morning.
Sami got the call.
Sami's heart was pounding out of his chest.
Sami spent two years in jail.
Sami took matters into his own hands.
Sami thought maybe this had something to do with Layla's death.
Sami makes his own perfume.
Sami married his middle school sweetheart.
Sami left Layla for another woman.
Sami was conducting business as usual while his wife was missing.
Sami bothered Layla with many questions.
Sami smelt that Layla was burning something.
Sami was doing sit-ups on the floor.
Sami didn't see anything out of the ordinary.
Sami provided police with a rock-solid alibi.
Sami removed a big chunk of carpet.
Sami ruined the carpet.
Sami had his house cleaned by professionals.
Sami arrived home.
Sami found more droplets of blood on the wall.
Sami never came home.
Sami never came home.
Sami began rubbing Layla's back.
Sami returned home without a car.
Sami didn't need to ask.
Sami was never charged.
Sami was cheating on his wife.
Sami dumped Layla's body.
Sami is completely convinced of Layla's innocence.
Sami has never broken the law.
Sami looked ill.
Sami burned his room to get rid of evidence.
Sami saw what happened.
Sami fell in love with Layla.
Sami started to meet beautiful single women who were in his age range.
Sami liked most of those girls.
Sami gave Layla thumbs up.
Sami left the room.
Sami began dating.
Sami didn't commit this crime.
Sami was robbed.
Sami was beaten.
Sami was shot.
Sami was shot.
Sami didn't save the message.
Sami never mentioned Layla's call to police.
Sami knocked Layla unconscious.
Sami was sleeping just a dozen feet away.
Sami heard somebody crying for help.
Sami was listening to phone messages.
Sami took the stand.
Sami left an hour after the party ended.
Sami's death has split his family.
Sami never made it home that night.
Sami was sleeping in a hole that he dug in the sand.
Sami believed Layla absolutely.
Sami never told his story to the jury.
Sami said Layla was an innocent woman.
Sami was enjoying dating Layla.
Sami was preparing for Layla's funeral.
Sami may want more than casual dating.
Sami has never stopped praying for Layla.
Sami wrote his name on the wall.
Sami threw the key into the river.
Sami doesn't know a lot about Layla.
Sami was acquitted of murdering his wife.
Sami was astonished at the verdict.
Sami apologized to Layla's family.
Sami committed a crime.
Sami started naming names.
Sami felt like someone was watching him.
Sami followed Layla to the gym.
Sami was hiding in Layla's backyard.
Sami held a grudge against Layla.
Sami burned the desk piece by piece.
Sami received a letter from a mysterious woman named Layla.
Sami used to date Layla.
Sami started to alter things in his new apartment.
Sami secretly recorded Layla.
The treatment just made my husband's condition worse.
Sami needed to talk to Layla about that.
Sami really loved Layla.
Sami remembers that clearly.
Sami became a high-profile defense attorney.
Sami went to the authorities to make a confession.
Sami continually raped and abused his daughter.
Sami kept that secret for years.
Sami got the courage to expose the conspiracy.
Sami was terrified to return to that house.
Sami encouraged Layla to do that.
Sami accompanied his wife when she went to make a confession at the police department.
Sami grew maniacally controlling.
Sami beat Layla bloody.
Sami punched Layla in the head.
Sami said he had never been molested by his father.
Sami abused his children.
Sami was paralyzed by fear.
Sami brainwashed Layla.
Sami started punching and kicking Layla in the stomach.
Sami denied ever beating Layla.
Sami only hit Layla once.
Sami was trying to kill Layla.
Sami was Layla's dance partner.
Sami dropped the hammer on Layla.
Sami was accused of child abuse.
Sami seemed like a likely suspect.
Sami begged Layla to forgive him.
Sami was too frightened to tell that to his father.
Sami was stunned.
Sami started discussing that with Layla.
Sami said that concerned him.
Sami should stay with Layla.
Sami should stay with Layla.
Sami should stay with Layla.
Sami called Layla names.
Sami offered to tell police everything that he knew.
Sami started acting strangely.
Sami started acting strangely.
Sami spoke exclusively to Al-Jazeera.
Sami was trying to tarnish Layla's reputation.
Sami told that even from jail he would send somebody to kill her.
Sami was sitting in this chair.
Sami bought a subscription to a porn magazine and sent it to Layla's office to embarass her.
Sami wants to humiliate Layla.
Sami drove the 600 stretch of highway to Cairo.
Sami smiled at Layla.
Sami dragged Layla by her hair.
Sami was glaring.
Sami is scared to death.
Sami shugged his shoulders.
Sami was stalking his prey.
Sami pushed through the window and fired.
Sami was lying on the floor, not moving and not breathing.
Sami never laid a hand on Layla.
Sami has agreed to testify.
Sami attempted suicide.
Sami slit his wrists.
Sami paid Farid for the hit.
Sami opened this drawer and there was a gun in it.
Sami was posting on Facebook all the time.
Sami was feigning memory loss.
Sami wasn't trying to evade any responsibility.
Sami was blocked from my Facebook page.
Sami was indicted for first degree murder.
Sami found himself face trial for murdering his wife.
Sami is not here to defend his father.
Sami's fridge wasn't working properly.
Sami paid Farid to kill Layla.
Sami kissed Layla goodnight.
Sami ran outside.
Sami was standing over his wife's body.
Sami's lifeless body was floating in the swimming pool.
Sami was dressed in his pajamas.
Sami doesn't remember attacking Layla.
Sami's confession was expected to put Layla away.
Sami suddenly changed his story.
Sami was also watching.
Sami was sleep-walking.
Sami won an acquittal.
Sami was embarassed and ashamed.
Sami didn't expect to lose this game.
Sami confronted his father.
Sami won't answer that.
Sami was facing capital murder charges.
Sami described everything he saw.
Sami's second trial began.
Sami treated his daughters to a fancy steak dinner.
Sami bragged about buying a new SUV.
Sami was convicted on two counts of capital murder.
Sami has been waiting for that moment for over six years.
Sami remained convinced his father was innoncent.
Sami stuck by story he told police the night he was arrested.
Sami has accepted that.
Sami taught a Bible study class.
Sami was a little concerned.
Sami reacted violently.
He raised his hat as a token of respect.
I was named in honor of my great-grandfather.
The valley known as Sleepy Hollow hides from the world in the high hills of New York state.
Near Sleepy Hollow is a village called Tarry Town.
The village had a small school.
She was the only daughter of a rich Dutch farmer.
He dressed in his best clothes.
Tobacco is the leading cause of lung disease.
The World Health Organization estimates that almost five-million people a year die from the effects of smoking.
Nicotine is a poison.
It is not easy to stop smoking permanently.
The American Cancer Society says the sooner smokers stop smoking, the more they can reduce their chances of cancer and other diseases.
Do not lose hope.
I've known Tom ever since he was a child.
I've known Tom since I was little.
I've just come back from Boston.
I've decided to continue doing that.
I've come here to study French.
I've bought a cup of coffee.
I've been waiting here for Tom since this morning.
I've been waiting for you for three hours.
I've been waiting for Tom for an hour.
I've been studying French for a long time, but I'm not fluent.
I've been in Boston before.
I've been going out with Mary for months.
Try to behave a little when I'm not there.
I'm not a big beer drinker.
You can expect that.
I've only had two beers, I really need a third one!
The ecosystem consists primarily of low trees and bushes that are built to resist harsh climate conditions.
I still don't know what I want to study after my A-levels.
I don't drink beer very often.
I sincerely hope that never happens to me.
I sincerely hope that never happens to you.
I sincerely hope that never happens to him.
I sincerely hope that never happens to her.
What's this movie about?
The movie was interrupted by a station break.
Sami loves that serial.
This food is loaded with preservatives.
Sami signed a contract of his own free will.
You can call me Sami.
Set the table for lunch.
Sami took a bubble bath.
Sami helped police crack the crime.
Sami launched his own investigation.
Sami was supposed to be here.
Sami is eating a lot.
Layla can't go with Sami to the dance.
Layla can't go with you to the dance.
Layla is ready for the dance.
What does it mean in plain English?
Sami met Layla at the dance.
Sami has got a raise today.
Sami came riding across campus on a poney.
Sami popped in to see how Layla was doing.
Tell me how it tastes.
Champagne is an alcoholic beverage.
Sami's wife left him because he drinks a lot.
You should see your eyes.
I've been friends with Tom since we were children.
Layla is a cocktail waitress.
My head is spinning around.
I think you're hallucinating.
I think I'm imagining things.
My hearing is going.
I've been given permission to do that.
This wonderful man saved my life.
I can't tell you how glad I am that it all turned out this way.
This nightmare is over.
You promised me a movie.
Sami blackmailed Layla.
Could you speed it up, please?
Sami just waxed the floor.
And how do you plan to amass this fortune?
We have come to invite you to dinner.
"We really appreciate you for helping us." "Of course you do."
I've been to Australia once.
I've been in Boston for less than a month.
Sami shoud regain his memory soon.
Sami got his memory back.
Don't underestimate Tom's determination.
Don't trust Tom, no matter what he says.
Don't trust Tom no matter what he says.
Don't talk to Tom about it.
Don't phone me when I'm at the office.
Sit down. Breakfast is ready.
Sit down and eat breakfast.
Go over there and eat your lunch.
I've bought you lunch today.
Another boy invited Layla to the dance.
Would you go to the school dance with me next week?
Don't pay any attention to what Tom says.
Don't meddle in Tom's affairs.
Don't lose your temper no matter what Tom says.
Can you hear us OK?
Don't give Tom more money than is necessary.
Sami is on his way over.
I saw you've posted a "for sale" sign.
Don't disturb Tom while he's sleeping.
You shouldn't laugh at Tom's mistakes.
If Sami dares moving in, I'm moving out.
You should thank Tom.
Is Vera celebrating Easter?
Tom came by city bus.
I'm starting this evening.
Are you singing today?
You should watch that movie if you get the opportunity.
What wonderful flowers!
The day was wonderful.
There is much evil in the world.
Action is needed!
You should come back home before it gets dark.
You should buy Tom some new toys.
You should apologize to Tom for coming late.
Say something in Arabic.
Welcome to our guest from Egypt, Sami Bakir.
You should pay more attention to what Tom says.
We won a victory for Palestine here tonight.
Do you approve of what Tom is doing?
Did Tom sleep well?
What prevented you from coming here yesterday?
What number bus do I take to get to Park Street?
The soldiers cheered as the train crossed the border into the state of Wisconsin.
One of the men had a large red scar across his forehead.
The three soldiers spread their blankets on the train seats and tried to sleep.
It was a cold evening even though it was summertime.
The station was empty because it was Sunday.
We were just getting ready to have dinner.
They all ate until they could eat no more.
It was in all the papers.
You're here already?
It is a dead language.
Please quickly take a bath!
Do you know what Pocket Monsters means in English?
This plane landed safely.
Don't talk with that smiling face.
When did you start using that cellphone?
My Arabic is far from perfect.
Sami is the best Arabic teacher I know.
Sami taught Leyla how to swear in Arabic.
Could you recommend a good Arabic teacher for my son?
Sami is fascinated with Arabic fairy tales.
The trout swam upstream.
The trout was swimming upstream.
I always buy my bread from the bakery.
I'd like a lager.
The mere thought of the work awaiting him at home makes Tom tired.
Tom's tired just thinking about the work waiting for him at home.
Do you two know each other?
Tom's parents died in an accident.
I'm sorry I laughed.
You don't need to apologize.
His lips met hers.
Were you with him last night?
Were you with her last night?
She threw herself into his arms.
Mary threw herself into Tom's arms.
"Why didn't you tell me?" "I'm telling you."
The Rhine is a river.
Tom and I decorated the house for Christmas.
We never had a real Christmas tree when I was young.
Tom spent Christmas behind bars.
Tom is a busker.
Tom spent Christmas in jail.
Tom drew her into his arms.
Tom made a little speech.
Tom can't see his own mistakes.
I have to go downtown.
"Do you want a drink?" "No, thanks."
I was just a kid back then.
I hope I didn't do anything to upset you.
It was only a little cut.
For a while, I didn't say anything.
Her lips were sweet.
His lips were sweet.
How much did he pay you?
How much did she pay you?
Love always wins in the end.
Love always wins.
I felt like the whole school was at me.
Go away! I don't want to see you.
He was pushing his luck.
She was pushing her luck.
Do you think she hates me?
Do you think he hates me?
I hope I haven't done anything wrong.
Tom was afraid that he had overplayed his hand.
Everything about her is perfect.
Everything about him is perfect.
Everything about her was perfect.
Everything about you is perfect.
"I asked Tom if he had ever kissed a girl." "And what did he say?"
I really enjoyed the time we spent together.
She gives me the creeps.
I'm a big girl. I can handle it.
The American Dream is rapidly becoming an illusion.
Tom calmed the baby.
She must be Tom's girlfriend.
He must be Mary's boyfriend.
Tom is my only real friend.
Why doesn't Mary like me?
Bless me, Father, for I have sinned or will sin.
Tom didn't know at the time that a Choice Mom was a Single Mothers by Choice.
Multinationals and extremely rich people manage, sometimes legally, sometimes illegally, to pay little to no taxes by using services offered in fiscal paradises.
This sentence is so uninteresting, no one will translate it.
Tom worked at the same company for his entire career, which is why his resume barely covered half a sheet of A4.
I don't have a way with words.
I cannot put it so eloquently into words.
Here comes Tom! Act as if you were busy!
Tom was pushing his luck.
I hope you feel the same way about me.
My dad doesn't know, but mom does.
I get up early during the week, however on weekends I'm a late riser.
Tom published a novel under a pen name.
Mary published a novel under a pen name.
We are home on Sundays.
I just wanted to get it over with.
She's not someone you want to get on the wrong side of.
He's not someone you want to get on the wrong side of.
Tom is not someone you want to get on the wrong side of.
You're sleeping with her, aren't you?
You're sleeping with him, aren't you?
Did you take your medication?
I told him that it was over.
You're looking for her, aren't you?
People and winds change quickly.
Do you have any Esperanto dictionary?
My brother likes coffee.
Do you often go to a restaurant?
It was so cold that the lake froze over.
When was the last time you were at your parents'?
I promise to call.
He hasn't sold the house.
Do you really want to wear that?
Their children do what they want.
We accepted her invitation.
Her father died ten years ago.
They didn't accept the gifts.
How can she stand it?
What is more difficult: learning how to speak or to read in Arabic?
Sami speaks a little Arabic, but doesn't know how to read it.
You shouldn't use too many dashes.
She often comes too late.
Mary kicked Tom in the unmentionables.
Tom poured cold water on the prospects of a deal being struck.
Tom was up with the lark.
Tom's just larking about.
That man has long hair.
Who are these presents for?
I don't want to talk about it now.
I would also like to see the ocean.
Tom doesn't have any money on him.
Tom ordered a glass of wine.
Tom ordered an apple juice.
Roses are flowers.
Tom swims like a fish in the water.
Are there fish in this pond?
The hike will take place in the month of May.
Nothing worked as planned.
These products are mediocre quality.
This merchandise sells well.
"Are you cold?" "A bit."
He has square shoulders.
Thomas has the shoulders of a swimmer.
All the girls found him irresistible.
I never asked you anything.
I'm organizing a small party Saturday.
It would really be awesome if you could come.
I'm very glad that you're here.
Give me time to take a shower.
What would you say to going to have dinner in town?
You haven't gained a bit of weight?
Why didn't you say it earlier?
She avoids his look.
The cicada nymph was caught in a spider web, grew wings and flew away.
It was a huge success.
Tom is easily influenced.
I don't want to try something new. I want things to stay the same.
I want to have my own life.
I just want to get this thing over with as quickly as possible.
Tom has a laid-back personality.
Tom hoped that the doctors would tell him that he didn't need the surgery after all.
She was genuinely worried about him.
Tom was genuinely worried about Mary.
Tom was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
Mary was starting to feel a little uncomfortable.
Where did you learn to make pizza?
When did you learn to make pizza?
I love this sweater.
Tom wore an ugly Christmas sweater.
You must be homesick.
Tom hates Christmas.
Did you have a favorite book as a child?
You shouldn't have lent money to Tom.
Only cats have nine lives. You have but one.
Tom gave Mary a box of assorted chocolates.
Tom gave Mary a box of chocolates, and then ate all the chocolates himself.
Tom told me that he hated Christmas.
He looked a bit embarrassed.
What was your favorite book when you were a child?
Mary whisked some snow off her hat.
Tom watched a BBC documentary.
This documentary was narrated by David Attenborough.
She looked a bit embarrassed.
You shouldn't give up hope.
He was surprised by her candor.
Tom was surprised by Mary's candor.
Mary took off her winter coat and her hat.
We need to hire someone who can speak French.
Tom was considered a prodigy in his youth.
Stop playing with that thing.
Tom is an old miser.
We didn't see any children at all.
The scientists placed wires on the dogs' heads to measure electrical activity in the brain.
We didn't see a single game.
The Hungarian scientists hope to understand how the dogs' ability to learn and remember changes as they get older.
The study may help researchers understand how human brains change as we age.
The scientists found differences between male and female dogs. Iotchey says the females appeared much better at learning new things.
It was harder for all the older dogs to remember things, especially when several things were happening at the same time.
Among very old dogs, up to two thirds of them show signs of dementia.
North Korean hackers have taken millions of dollars in virtual currencies like bitcoin in recent attacks over the internet.
Virtual currencies are forms of money that are not overseen by governments but are exchanged digitally and controlled by their developers.
North Korean hackers have been blamed for a number of cyberattacks in the past, including a computer virus known as WannaCry.
The cyberattack affected hospitals, banks and companies around the world this year.
North Korea has rejected accusations that it has been involved in hacking.
A huge number of people spend a lot of time enjoying animal photos and videos.
Millions of images from a variety of furry friends get posted and shared on social media every day.
This picture shows choir members singing during a rehearsal for their upcoming Christmas performances, at St Paul's Cathedral in central London.
It takes more than red clothing and a white beard to be a professional Santa.
Many aspiring Santas attend special classes.
Tom runs a Christmas shop that is open all year round.
We chose Tom to be our leader.
Christmas is the most magical time of the year.
We caught Tom red-handed.
Tom's eyes glowed like a child's at Christmas.
Tom's eyes glowed like a child's on Christmas morning.
We were surprised by Tom's behavior.
I asked Tom if he'd ever kissed a girl.
It is time to give it to you.
I believe in the power of magic.
I wanna say something.
Layla wants Sami's love.
I need love.
What I want is love.
They will wait for us.
Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine.
You need to control youself.
I wonder why Tom didn't come to Mary's party.
I wonder where to hang this picture that Tom gave me.
I wonder what's on Tom's mind.
I did that during summer vacation.
Tom warned me not to do it again.
It's unlikely Tom is as busy as you think.
We enjoyed the rain last night in the park.
Sami indulged in several affairs.
Sami led an immoral life.
Sami isn't in a mood for a chat.
It is about time you study vocabulary !
Because of fierce Juno's ever-remembering wrath, he was tossed about much by the power of the gods, both on land and the deep sea.
Tom looked away in horror as Mary doused her fries with mayonnaise on top of the ketchup.
When the U.S. sneezes, Japan catches cold.
The company sold a 100 yen hamburger and a 120 yen coffee and attracted a lot of customers.
Additionally, a great number of ivory objects and seashells were unearthed from the same site.
Archaeologists discovered the ruins of an old city with a circumference of twelve square kilometers and a wide range of bronze, jade and gold objects.
You shouldn't be afraid of the future.
Tom should've listened to his mother.
Tom was very protective of Mary.
No rest for the wicked.
The politician announced his resignation.
Did you know Tom has spent time in jail?
Sami tore Layla's ego down.
Mary allowed Tom to play his guitar.
Tom allowed Mary to play his guitar.
You could've told the truth.
We were in Boston last winter.
We went to the station to see Tom off.
We went to Boston last year for the first time.
We went shopping yesterday.
We want to go to Boston and Chicago.
We went to Australia for our honeymoon.
We're planning to go to Australia for our honeymoon.
We waited for Tom to turn up.
We usually talked in French.
We thought that we wouldn't be able to stop Tom.
I don't have any homework today.
Would you like some more apple juice?
I have got a good book.
Oh my God, what a mess!
Am I your first friend who's not Japanese?
Do you want me to come to Japan to see you?
Sorry I didn't reply to your message earlier, I was busy.
How many episodes of One Piece have you watched?
Do you think Tom will reach the top of the mountain?
Do you really think that Tom had nothing to do with what happened?
If you don't understand, you need to say so.
If there's something you don't understand, let me know.
How did you do that?
If you need help, let me know.
If you need to borrow some money, let me know.
Mary is easily influenced.
Were you able to do that by yourself?
We sat down on a bench to talk.
We kissed last night.
Can you close the drapes?
Tom signed an NDA.
Do you think Tom's story is true?
Do you think Tom is the one who broke the window?
Do you think what she said is a lie?
Do you still want tea?
Please close the drapes.
Sami was dressed in tactical gear.
Sami had it all.
Is it true that Tom won the race?
Sami was having an affair.
Sami knew about Layla's infidelity.
Sami's life was his family.
Sami was devoted to helping other people improve their lives.
Sami took his clothes to the dry cleaner.
Sami has been covering this case.
Is it true that you're going to study in Boston?
Is French taught at your school?
Sami's body was covered by leaves.
It appeared to me that Tom wasn't doing what he was supposed to be doing.
Layla left with the kids.
Layla left with the kids.
Where do you want to go, then?
"We kissed." "You what?"
"We kissed last night." "You what!?"
At the end of the game, the player with the most points wins.
Tom is borderline paranoid.
Sami saw there was blood everywhere.
Sami began driving home.
Sami began driving home.
Sami saw there was blood everywhere.
I only live here because it's cheap.
Tom disappeared mysteriously.
Good morning. Did you sleep well?
I live here because it's close to where I work.
I only live here because it's close to where I work.
I only live here because it's close to work.
Why do you live here?
Sami earned the name Papa Bear.
Sami got a call from police.
Sami followed Layla home.
Sami granted reporters interviews.
Sami called our radio station.
Sami granted reporters interviews.
Sami called our radio station.
"Why do you live here?" "I don't."
She told you, didn't she?
He told you, didn't he?
I'm sorry, officer. It won't happen again.
I knew you'd get into trouble.
When Tom got back to his car, a parking ticket was stuck under the windshield wipers.
They don't need to know that.
Germans love beer and sausages.
She doesn't need to know that.
Just don't get caught.
She didn't sound particularly concerned.
Tom didn't sound particularly concerned.
Tom smuggled the stolen diamonds out of the country.
Tom never pays his parking tickets.
Tom walked over to his car and noticed a parking ticket stuck under the windshield wiper.
What was your hobby as a teenager?
I don't feel like going shopping today.
Are the presents wrapped?
But Christmas is tomorrow Tom! When on earth will you have time to do any shopping?
Elke is a feminine given name that means "of noble birth".
Tears began to stream down her face.
Maria lit a few tealights to improve the atmosphere.
I don't care how much it costs. I want it!
Tom and Mary are both big spenders.
Tom put on a fake smile.
Mary put on a fake smile.
Mary put on a fake smile to hide her true emotions.
Have you bought all your Christmas gifts?
Have you finished all your Christmas shopping?
Have you bought all your presents?
Did you consider that you might be wrong?
Did you try to understand her viewpoint?
Did you try to understand his viewpoint?
Tom took Mary's hand and sat down next to her.
Hey, will you be at the party later?
When Tom got back to his car, there were several tickets stuck under the windshield wiper.
When Tom got back to his car, there were several tickets stuck under the windshield wiper.
Do you feel uneasy about your body?
Tom tore the ticket to bits.
Please don't give me a ticket!
The price of Bitcoin has fallen by 25% in the past 24 hours.
Tom wants to declutter his home.
Mary wants to declutter her home.
I'm not interested in seeing you anymore.
I'm dating someone else.
She took my hands and squeezed them.
Tom took Mary's hands and brought them to his lips.
Tom gently took Mary's hands and squeezed them.
Sami is angry about this.
Sami is angry about this.
I'm really looking forward to 2018.
Sami was sitting here.
Sami's optimism was quickly dashed.
It's nice to hear your voice.
I assumed she was his girlfriend.
I assumed he was her boyfriend.
Mary has curly blonde hair.
No one had ever told me that they loved me before.
Hurry up, Tom! We're going to be late!
Hurry up, Mary! We're going to be late!
Tom looked into her eyes, leaned in, and kissed her.
It was such a romantic moment.
I can't find my lip gloss.
Mary is not allowed to have a boyfriend.
Tom almost lost his eye.
Tom is the youngest of ten children.
Did you have a job when you were a teenager?
The referee made a bad call.
Being right is not always what is important.
Tom is often disruptive in class.
You don't speak to anyone about anything.
You don't speak to us about anything.
You don't speak to me about anything. How can I know what's going on inside your head?
Do you have any idea how much I love you?
The rope snapped and Tom fell down the crevasse.
I get the feeling that you're telling me what you think I want to hear, instead of what you really think.
You never listen to anything I say.
You never listen to anything I say!
Where the hell have you been? I was worried sick!
When you have something to say, count to ten before saying it.
No one can really know what's going on inside your head if you don't tell them.
There was no point in denying it.
There's no point in denying it.
You and Tom are the best friends I've ever had.
Please don't leave me alone with him.
Please don't leave me alone with her.
"What are you talking about?" "You know perfectly well what I'm talking about."
Tom and Mary are the best friends I've ever had.
Tom planted a gentle kiss on Mary's lips.
He planted a gentle kiss on her lips.
He wrapped his hand around the back of her head and kissed her.
It looked like she wanted me to kiss her.
Would you like to could come over to my house to hang out?
I think you owe me a kiss.
She wanted him to kiss her and yet, she was afraid of what might happen.
One day, she asked him to kiss her.
Mary asked Tom to kiss her.
I think she wants me to kiss her, but I'm not sure.
Batteries degrade over time.
You're a little rascal!
You're a scamp!
You're a scally!
You're a scallywag!
Sami tore the letter into pieces.
Sami grew up in Bible country.
Sami was a pillar of the community.
Sami was a fun person to be around.
Sami was listening to the pastor.
Sami gave a heart-felt eulogy at the funeral.
Sami delivered a powerful eulogy.
Sami's killer might be attending the funeral.
Sami's door was locked.
Sami was lying on his side.
Sami stepped over the body.
Sami called cops to inform them that Layla had been shot.
Sami lost his wife of sixteen years.
Sami is the father of Layla's six children.
Sami has known Layla for years.
Sami enlisted in the Marine Corps.
Sami and Layla's relationship reignited.
Sami and Layla were a picture perfect family in a picture perfect American town.
Sami was singing in the choir.
Sami was helping in the kitchen.
Sami fed on the spiritual nourishment that the church offered.
Sami had no known enemies.
Sami lied in a pool of blood.
Sami's wallet was never touched.
Sami's death seemed like an execution.
Sami took only one shot.
Sami was murdered in the same room.
Sami is a veteran police detective.
Sami wrote Layla a lengthy love letter.
Sami wrote Layla a love note.
Sami went from a grieving husband to a prime suspect.
Sami told police everything that had happened that day.
Sami didn't want the baby.
Sami's affair with Layla continued.
Sami recovered from the grief.
Sami was a dirty-looking guy.
Sami saw a dirty-looking guy walking around the office.
Sami had a well documented alibi.
Sami had a doctor's appointment that day.
Sami looked at the floor.
Sami whispered under his breath.
Sami was Layla's secret admirer.
Sami met with Layla's close friend, Salima.
Sami noticed Layla's strange ways.
Sami began to ask about Layla's daughter.
Sami told Layla to go to the hospital.
Sami was a respectable smooth-talking reverend.
Sami had sex with Farid's wife.
Sami made his children sole beneficiaries of his life insurance policy.
Sami was Layla's spiritual counselor.
Sami did a little bit of his own investigating.
Sami was asking questions.
Sami sent Layla a text.
Sami threw Layla under the bus to save himself.
Sami confessed everything in the interrogation room.
Sami was spilling it all to the cops.
Sami said Layla pulled the trigger.
Sami betrayed his faith.
Sami is now serving life in prison.
Sami took a plea deal to have charges reduced.
Sami gave Layla the combination to open his gun safe.
Sami eulogized the man he murdered.
Sami broke all the Ten Commandments.
Sami met the daughter of a doctor.
Sami was a student at the University of Cairo.
Sami grew up in a quiet town.
Sami and Layla had an instant connection.
Sami was very impressed with Layla's perseverance and drive.
Sami quit that job after a week.
Sami and Layla's relationship seemed to blossom.
Sami had a relationship with another woman.
Sami wasn't ready to take Layla to the altar.
Sami never used condoms with Layla.
Sami was inching towards his degree in biosciences.
Sami wanted to name his son after his father.
Sami wouldn't pick up his phone.
Sami's text messages shocked and saddened Layla.
Sami didn't have medical insurance at the time.
Sami had a mild infection.
Sami's co-workers were so excited for him.
Sami took one of the pills Layla had given him.
Sami quickly learned the truth.
Sami told Layla what the medication he had given her was.
Sami told police a horror story.
Sami betrayed his own family.
Sami stole a page from the doctor's prescription pad.
Sami forged a prescription.
Sami did all of those things.
Sami was devastated by his son's actions.
Sami was loving and caring about other people.
Sami dated Layla for a long time.
Sami was a once promising medical student.
Sami spent half a million dollars.
Sami is sixty-six years old.
Sami took an unbelievably regrettable decision.
Sami married a beautiful young attorney.
Sami's life was taking off.
Sami has just opened his law firm.
Sami was shot six times with his own gun.
Sami and Layla's romance turned sour.
Sami wanted a nose job.
Sami and Layla's story began here.
Sami was waiting at the bar.
Sami and Layla had ended a serious relationship about a month before.
Sami and Layla met on Facebook through a mutual friend.
Sami lived in a small suburb near Cairo.
Sami's team has been undefeated for six years now.
Sami was at Layla's apartment.
Sami and Layla got their dogs together.
Sami had the brains to match his good looks.
Sami and Farid are long-time buddies.
Sami spent nights in bars like these.
Sami believed in the ideology of gun-ownership.
Sami's comfort with guns made Layla feel safe.
Sami hired Layla at his law firm.
Sami stomped on Layla's head.
Sami was about a mile away.
Sami parked the car and walked into the bar.
Sami headed up the stairs.
Sami had a bookcase in his room.
Sami was a gun lover.
Sami had an artillery vest.
Sami checked Layla for a pulse.
Sami was waiting in the interview room.
Sami has known Layla since sixth grade.
Sami gets good grades.
Sami has known Layla from college.
Sami was certainly attracted to Layla and the feeling was mutual.
Sami lived in this neighborhood.
Sami had a long-time girlfriend.
Sami lost interest in Layla rather quickly.
Sami loved to watch the debates.
Sami shot the man in self-defense.
Sami sat at the dining-room table.
Sami abused prescription drugs.
Tom left France to live in Switzerland.
Sami asked Farid about how life behind bars was.
Sami was worried about his homework.
Sami started singing Amazing Grace.
Sami shot Layla in the face.
Sami finally got his day in court.
Sami burned off his fingerprints.
Sami is before that judge again.
Sami walked into the courtroom.
Sami spent time with Farid in jail.
Sami laughed about the murder.
Sami was the aggressor in that fight.
Sami was the lead detective on that case.
Sami's love has turned to hate.
Sami and Layla went to a shooting range together.
Sami shot and killed Layla and played like it was an accident.
Sami found out about that date between Layla and Farid.
Sami killed Layla in a jealous rage.
Sami was in pain.
Sami called Layla's condo.
Sami got an even more disturbing call from Layla.
Sami was a mess.
Sami is Farid's former partner.
Sami never took the stand.
Sami was under extreme emotional distress.
Sami was seen dancing in the classroom.
Sami's big brother has died.
Sami's chair is going to be empty for ever.
Sami never had a parking ticket.
Sami plays the incident back in his head all the time.
Sami requested a new trial.
My brother got married within a month.
Sami hired a hitman to kill Layla.
Sami wanted his wife killed.
Sami is telling his version of the story.
Sami is away on assignment.
Sami's mansion faced the shoreline.
Sami is under house arrest.
Sami was accused of sollicitation to commit murder.
Sami listens to Christian music.
Sami watched every video on Layla's Youtube channel.
Sami's downfall began the day he met Layla.
Sami and Layla had instant chemistry.
Sami went to Catholic high school.
Sami got a real estate license.
Sami had a past.
Sami called an escort.
Sami's divorce was final.
Sami and Layla snuggled at home watching reality TV.
Sami watched the show at home.
Sami and Layla dreamed together of being on TV.
Sami failed to mention he was a convicted felon.
Sami is on probation until 2026.
Sami wanted to get Layla out of the way.
Sami and Layla's honeymoon is over.
Sami watched the video over and over again.
Sami lived in a small building.
Sami covered the story for CBC.
Sami doesn't remember Layla's last name.
Sami is about to show his true colors.
Sami and Layla didn't act like typical newlyweds.
Sami gave Farid a photo of Layla.
Sami gave Farid the picture of the woman that he wanted murdered.
Sami left the house early Saturday morning.
Sami is at this gym.
Sami is still recovering from liposuction.
Sami was watching a television show.
Sami came back to his residence.
Sami had another surprise for Layla.
Sami was caught on camera.
Sami watched the video dozens of times.
Sami posted the video on Youtube.
Sami's crime was caught on tape.
Sami wanted Layla's money.
Sami is in construction.
Sami and Layla had an X-rated conversation.
Sami wasn't a victim.
Sami is an expert in reality TV.
Sami considered the trial a disaster for Layla.
Sami was found guilty of sollicitation to commit first degree murder.
Sami begged the judge for leniency.
Sami is a part-time actor.
Sami and Layla wanted to mimic the movie.
Sami was a confidential informant.
Sami's attorney filed a motion to dismiss the case.
Sami is not in the business of producing television.
Sami is denying the undeniable.
Sami went through depression.
Sami was hoping for sympathy.
Sami had ice running through his veins.
Sami failed the polygraph.
Sami called Layla six hundred times in the days leading to Farid's shooting.
Sami took the witness stand.
Sami was sitting in the back with popcorn.
Sami will be sitting in the back.
Sami's and Layla's worlds collided.
Sami and Layla were hanging out and playing music.
Sami was headed for the mall.
Sami is staying in Cairo with his dad.
Sami was in another part of town.
Sami and Layla attended the wedding of Farid's son.
Sami drove 600 miles to attend Layla's wedding.
Sami needed a bathroom break.
Sami played video games.
Sami was listening to a rap song.
Sami crossed paths with Layla.
Sami rushed from a convenience store to see what was happening.
Sami was standing in his bedroom.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami returned fire and tried to get away.
Sami went to a popular shopping mall in Cairo.
Sami is the only son of Layla Bakir and her ex-husband Farid Sadiq.
Sami got out of his car to go inside the store.
Sami exited his vehicle and fired six more times.
Sami fled from the scene.
Have you read Milton's works?
Have you read my project on ecotourism?
Sami was a homicide victim.
Sami opened fire on the police SUV.
Sami loved rap.
Sami sprayed the car with bullets.
Sami is a vineyard supervisor.
Sami began mixing booze with cocaine.
Sami left the parking lot immediately after the shooting.
Sami was yelling obscenities back at Layla.
Sami always had new jokes to tell.
Sami rejected any suggestion his father was a racist.
Sami is an amateur pilot.
Sami could no longer afford to repair his plane.
Sami has just got home a few minutes ago.
Sami went back to the hotel.
Sami was sitting in the driver's seat.
Sami put his window back up.
Sami unholstered his pistol.
Sami was in a strange area.
Sami is behind bars on murder charges.
Sami was lying on the floor on his stomach.
Sami's throat was slashed.
Sami is in custody after shooting Layla.
Don't let the light catch your eye!
She's travelling around the world.
3 days to tire of beauty, 3 days to be used to a beast.
Tom scolded everyone without reason.
By the way, have you read my latest book on this topic?
At the time work is completed I will help.
She likes this game.
That was done, who is the stupid one?
So I want to gradually cut my hair. Really Already?
By the time I arrived at the house I had already stolen a key.
Abbr: That's ok.
When I arrived at the house I had already stolen the key.
Borrowed Game prohibited.
A character that represents an number which is operated to a result is called an equation.
In general, everything is fine.
I assumed he was your boyfriend.
I assumed she was your girlfriend.
It's cold today.
Tom wore a thick scarf.
An artist must have an eye for colour.
Well, what can you say?
What does Mary think about it?
Well, what is there to say?
I won't be coming until four o'clock.
I won't come before four o'clock.
I was very tired, so I was able to fall asleep straight away.
Sami took his puppy for a walk.
Sami and Layla ate dinner.
Sami and Layla finished their pizza and went to sleep.
Sami was transported back to Cairo and charged with murder.
Sami shot an unarmed black teenager.
Sami's shooting caused a public outcry.
Sami's testimony is crucial.
Sami didn't see a weapon of any kind in Layal's car.
Sami saw Layla with a firearm.
Sami heard the brutal details of how his beloved son had died.
Sami shot between Layal's legs.
Sami had the right to enjoy his music.
Sami disrespected Layla's parents.
Sami had a deep-seated prejudice against African Americans.
Sami acted like a thug.
Sami had a very limited scope about African Americans.
Sami was pushing for justice for his son.
Sami's life sentence was an addition to his 60-year sentence for killing Layla and her baby daughter.
Sami is continuing to appeal his first-degree murder sentence.
Sami established a foundation.
Sami pressured Layla to get a facelift.
Sami hired a new nanny.
Sami's success was built on lies.
Sami had a heart big enough to adopt six young Egyptian orphans.
Sami uses the English language effectively.
Sami was a braggart and a bore.
Sami had a huge ego.
Sami had total control.
Sami lost weight.
Sami would jump and do push-ups in the middle of a conversation.
Sami began disappearing for long stretches.
Sami has never been into plastic surgery.
Sami gave Layla more medicine.
Sami soon discovered his father had been keeping secrets, too.
Sami has become obsessed with his appearance.
Sami and Layla had a steak dinner.
Feel free to call me if you need anything.
My hands and feet always feel cold.
Your hands are like ice cubes.
Mary held her hands in front of the heater.
Tom held his hands in front of the heater.
Tom held his hands in front of the vent.
Tom set the heater on high.
Tom's hands were numb.
My hands were numb inside my gloves.
There's no more firewood.
Tom's teeth were chattering.
My lips were blue.
Tom's lips were blue.
Her lips were starting to turn blue.
Tom held his hands in front of the heating vent.
That could have been a lot worse.
I'll take some magazines.
Mary rubbed her hands together.
The lakes are frozen.
The lake is frozen.
Tom ran out of the sauna and jumped into the ice-cold water.
Tom participated in his city's annual polar bear swim.
Tom swam in the frozen lake.
Tom cut a hole in the ice.
The Epiphany marks the baptism of Jesus in the River Jordan.
Winter swimming isn't dangerous for healthy people.
Could you please elaborate.
Tom slipped on the icy sidewalk.
Sami was in the bathtub.
Sami got Layla out of the water.
Sami was on the line.
Sami failed to give police an audible address.
Sami's terrible secret fears began to crystallize.
Sami couldn't lift his mother out of the tub.
Sami began to suspect the unconceivable.
Sami has started to disappear for long periods of time.
Sami dialled the number day and night.
Sami dated a stripper named Layla.
Sami worked the night shifts.
Sami wasn't happy with Layla's answers.
Sami wrote just two and a half paragraphs to describe how he had killed Layla.
Sami went to every single newspaper in Cairo to tell his story.
Sami collapsed and died just days after undergoing a surgical operation.
Sami is a guest in our home.
Sami was with his aunt Layla.
Sami was on the Internet.
Sami was fascinated with witchcarft.
Sami enjoyed killing animals.
Sami, Farid, Layla, and Salima were like a pack of dogs.
Sami grew up in a close-knit Mormon community.
Sami landed a residency at a Cairo hospital.
Sami's entire career was based on falsified documents.
Sami served in the army in the mid-1960's.
Sami collected more than sixty thousand dollars in disability payments.
Sami had a felony conviction for writing phoney checks.
Sami had sixty pairs of socks.
Sami sent Layla back to her Egyptian homeland.
Sami changed Layla's birth certificate.
Sami was frantic with worry.
Sami and his children shared the same bed.
Sami decided to bring Layla on a long journey back to Egypt.
Don't be afraid to get back up again, to try again, to love again, to live again and to dream again. Don't let a hard lesson burden your heart. Follow your path!
Sami opened up a bank account under a false name.
Sami stole Farid's identity.
Sami was a doctor with a comfortable salary and a reputation.
Sami is certainly not smiling now in his prison cell.
Sami had a buyer for his house.
Sami pled guilty for aggravated identity theft.
Sami had six computers.
Sami had six boxes of documents in his room.
Sami died just six hours after that call.
Sami placed a frantic 911 call.
Sami sent Layla next door to get help.
Sami had a black shirt on and nothing else.
Sami was in the garage.
Sami was on his back.
Sami was lying dead face up in the bathtub.
Sami described the scene.
Sami is serving a six year prison term for fraud.
Sami killed Layla with a combination of powerful sedatives and painkillers.
Sami will do everything in his power to help the investigation.
Sami agreed, as part of a plea bargain, to testify against Layla.
Sami plans to appeal his conviction.
Sami is a known sex offender.
Sami's children were living in a jungle of sexual predators.
Sami had no place to hide.
Sami was walking home from school with his twin sister.
Sami disappeared into the crowd.
Sami was numb with fear.
Sami's body has been found in the garbage.
Sami's body was thrown in the trash.
Sami was at Layla's home Saturday afternoon.
Sami was working at the construction site.
Sami had a ponytail.
Sami and his friends were under suspicion.
Sami worked for a construction company.
Sami couldn't shake the feeling that the killer was still nearby looking for him.
Sami took kids for rides on his bicycle.
Sami was known as Grandpa Sammy.
Sami was loading up his equipment.
Sami pressed his face up against the fence.
Sami is waiting for Santa Claus.
Sami plays Santa at a local orphanage.
Sami was scared for Layla's safety.
Sami reflected on his last moments with Layla.
Sami mowed the lawn that morning.
Sami was doing paperwork.
Sami is a landscaper.
Sami's wife, Layla, was a nurse.
Sami's computer was right there on the desktop.
Sami drove by Layla's house on Bakir Avenue.
Sami's computer contained a lot of child pornography.
Sami seemed an unlikely suspect.
Sami was known for his volunteer work during emergencies.
Sami is one hell of a man.
Sami consumated his marriage with Layla.
Sami is a gentle giant.
Sami was acting strangely from the start.
Sami exhibited a fascination for death and torture.
Sami was arrested for twenty-six counts of child pornography based on computer evidence.
Sami was breathing a sigh of relief.
Sami killed himself around Christmas.
Sami wanted revenge.
Sami was a victim of bullying.
Sami is Farid's former roommate.
Sami babysat the children of family members.
Sami was a child in danger.
Sami even made death threats.
Sami turned on Layla for a reward.
Sami could have used that money to pay for Layla's therapy.
Sami assaulted Layla, killed her and dumped her body in a dumpster.
Sami is Layla's father and he was supposed to protect her.
Sami wanted Layla to get the death penalty.
Sami organized a benefit concert.
Sami can't see through the walls.
I am a railway worker.
Tom did a bang-up job.
Christmas is a time for sharing.
You were right. Tom is a complete idiot.
Why do I get the feeling I'm not going to like this?
Couldn't it wait until after Christmas?
Can't it wait until after Christmas?
Tom and Mary sang a Christmas carol.
You think so?
Mary was eager to see Tom again.
Tom was eager to see Mary again.
He was eager to see her again.
Damn shame, that's what it is.
Would you have lunch with me today?
I thought the same thing at first.
I initially thought the same thing.
Tom rubbed his hands together gleefully.
Tom placed the gifts under the Christmas tree.
They were both wide awake.
She agreed right away.
He agreed right away.
Tom agreed right away.
When Tom asked Mary out, she agreed immediately.
May I kiss you goodnight?
They were both silent for a long time.
They exchanged knowing looks.
"T" stands for Tom and "M" stands for Mary.
Tom chopped some firewood.
Tom put some coal into the stove.
Tom chopped some firewood with his axe.
The weather was lovely.
Tom stacked the firewood behind the house.
Tom stacked the firewood inside the woodshed.
Mary knitted Tom a new pair of socks.
Who's that girl with Tom?
My hands are like ice cubes.
She looked right at me.
He looked right at me.
Why don't we go inside where it's warm?
These jackets aren't very warm.
Her eyes brightened.
You need to go inside and get warm.
He kissed the tips of her fingers.
Tom was wearing a ridiculous hat.
Tom poured the hot chocolate into two mugs.
I love plants.
Tom has a small garden.
Bring in some firewood.
Snowball fight!
Food fight!
We sat side by side.
Why don't we go inside the store to warm up?
Why don't we go inside to warm up?
Tom and Mary started throwing snowballs at each other.
Tom was wearing a ridiculous-looking hat.
Tom was wearing a hat that was too small for him.
Tom stacked the firewood behind the house.
Tom stacked the firewood inside the woodshed.
Tom chopped some firewood with his ax.
Tom put the presents under the Christmas tree.
Tom and Mary sang Christmas carols together.
Please elaborate.
Tom and Mary went skating on the frozen pond.
That could've been a lot worse.
We need more firewood.
I assumed Tom was your boyfriend.
I think Mary wants me to kiss her, but I'm not sure
Would you like to come over to my house and hang out?
It looked like Mary wanted me to kiss her.
You know perfectly well what I'm talking about.
Please don't leave me alone with Tom.
Tom didn't deny that he was the one who'd done that.
Tom looked into Mary's eyes, leaned in, and kissed her.
I assumed Tom was Mary's boyfriend.
I assumed Mary was Tom's girlfriend.
Tom tore the ticket in half.
Tears began to stream down Tom's face.
What was your hobby when you were a teenager?
Tom and Mary don't need to know that.
I knew Tom would get into trouble.
I knew Tom would get into trouble for doing that.
Tom has already told you, hasn't he?
I knew Tom would get into trouble if he did that.
"I don't want to go to Boston." "Where do you want to go, then?"
"I don't want to go to Boston." "Where would you rather go?"
What time's your train?
Are you going to cut down all these trees?
Are you going to invite Tom to the party?
Are you interested in sports?
By the way, where does Tom live?
Tom ran away from the policemen.
Tom ran away from the policeman.
Tom ran away from the police officers.
I'm doing everything I can to avoid catching a cold.
Hang your suit in the closet.
Hang your coat in the hallway.
We haven't called the police yet.
Haven't you called the police yet?
Have the police been called?
Whose binoculars are these?
Tom put the binoculars in his bag.
Tom took the binoculars out of his bag.
Wait here while I go get your jackets.
Wait here while I go get your coats.
Let me get your coat.
Don't let anyone leave this building.
Don't let anyone in this building.
No one is allowed to leave this building.
Why don't you try doing that the way Tom showed you?
Tom turned on the soldering iron.
I looked for the key under the welcome mat and in the nearby flower pot.
What do your parents want for Christmas?
What does Tom want for Christmas?
What does Tom want for his birthday?
What do you plan to buy Tom for Christmas?
What do you plan on buying Tom for Christmas?
The lights are on in every house on this street, except for Tom's.
No one is working here today, except Tom.
Tom is the only one working here today.
A bottle of shampoo costs as much as a tube of toothpaste.
Shampoo and toothpaste are the same price.
I have to go to the store to buy some shampoo and toothpaste.
I bought shampoo and toothpaste.
I went to the store to buy some shampoo and toothpaste.
Tom turned to Mary and asked her a question.
How many people are on your team?
Here are the documents you asked for.
Is this enough for you?
Tom struck the match, but it didn't light.
I handed the letter to Tom.
Tom handed me the letter.
Tom handed me the package.
Tom handed the package to me.
Tom handed the letter to me.
I handed Tom the letter.
Do you have any pictures of Tom's children?
Tom said he wished he were rich.
Is it deep here?
They need food and water.
The water is refreshing.
The water's cold today.
I can hear water dripping somewhere.
It sounds like the faucet is dripping.
It sounds like the faucet in the kitchen is dripping.
What's asphalt made of?
The flowers in the vase were wilted.
I took time off from work and went to the doctor.
I took time off from work and went to the hospital.
I left work early and went straight home.
Why is there no hot water?
Our water heater is broken.
Our water heater is leaking.
We need to replace our water heater.
We need to replace our hot water heater.
Our broken water heater couldn't be repaired.
How much money did Tom lose playing poker last night?
How much money did you win?
Who won today?
Which team won?
You should go out for a walk with the children.
I hope I don't regret doing this.
It's not at all difficult to do that.
The audience gave Tom a standing ovation.
In the desert, water is worth its weight in gold.
I like oranges, but I like lemons more.
It won't hurt to try doing that.
It would be a good idea to try doing that.
Why do you suspect that Tom was the one who did that?
Why do you suspect it was Tom who did that?
Happy workers are better workers.
Tom hasn't had a pay raise for three years.
Tom's yearly salary has been the same for the past three years.
Accept your past without regrets.
This is a test of endurance.
Most of the things you worry about never happen!
Sami thinks his neighbors are a nightmare.
Sami, Layla, and Farid stood there like a bunch of idiots.
Sami found dog droppings in his backyard.
Sami found dog poop in the kitchen.
Sami's neighbors were terrorized.
Sami and Layla were retirees.
Sami was building the house as a rental unit.
Sami's pickup truck was carried away by the flood.
Sami could drive a dozer.
Sami climbed in a bulldozer.
Sami had problems with one of his neighbors.
Sami fixed the fence.
Sami and Layla's dispute span out of control.
Love is what gives joy to all creation.
Sami parked his car in Layla's front yard.
Sami had a math problem.
Sami was trying to get help and nobody would help him.
Sami was the leader of a gang.
Sami lived in a mobile home.
Sami was digging up his yard with an excavator.
Sami was digging holes in his backyard.
Sami gave Layla the finger and she gave him the finger back.
Sami declared a war to the whole neighborhood.
Sami and Layla's squabble was about to turn nuclear.
Sami's thirst for destruction was not likely to be stenched.
Sami filmed that with his cellphone.
Sami was dozing on a sofa.
Sami has been sleeping in the living room.
Sami's home has to be rebuilt from the foundation up.
Sami scared the crap out of me.
Sami's house is turning into a battleground.
Sami's response was no.
Sami now claims ownership.
Sami presented the police with these documents.
Sami took care of the property.
Sami's lawyer was using language that was very confusing for the jury.
Sami decided to do some digging of his own.
Sami is the founder of a mysterious group called Divine Intervention.
Sami knew that in advance.
Sami changed the locks.
Sami opened the door and walked in.
Sami is the leader of the group.
Sami was convicted of impersonating an Egyptian diplomat.
Sami drove Layla nuts.
Sami is a long-time Cairo resident.
Sami's house wasn't for sale.
Sami drove by, honking the horn.
Sami and Layla conspired together to organize a defamation campaign against Farid.
Sami began planning his payback.
Sami's horn has a particular sound.
Sami began suing the hornblowers.
Sami came to the meeting.
Sami's crime was captured on surveillance cameras.
Sami was eating a slice of coconut cake.
Sami and Layla were just not ready for mediation at this point.
Sami threw a peace and reconciliation barbecue at his home.
Sami made a brief statement.
Sami and Layla spent the party avoiding each other.
Sami showed compassion.
Sami has neighbors from hell.
Sami flung the dog feces onto Layla's doorstep.
Sami Bakir is the mayor.
Sami is an anger management expert.
Sami has made a judgment error.
Sami threw feces on Layla's yard.
Sami found a bag of dog feces in his backyard.
Sami was given multiple tickets.
Sami took the law into his own hands.
Sami wanted Layla off the city council.
Sami frequented local sex shops.
Sami is not the squeaky clean churchgoer that he purported to be.
Sami read Layla's journal.
Sami had the mind of a sociopath.
Sami was buried in a shallow grave.
Sami found sleeping pills in Layla's purse.
Sami made a gruesome discovery.
Sami was trapped in a love triangle that would turn deadly.
Sit up straight.
Don't slouch in your chair.
Eat your peas.
Keep your shoulders straight.
Yoga can improve your posture.
Always bend your knees when you're lifting something off the ground.
Tom was understandably concerned.
Mary was understandably concerned.
Walk with your head held high.
Don't slouch in your seat.
Don't get side tracked.
Mary's mother is often critical of her appearance.
Mary's mother is often judgmental.
Tom suffers from back pain.
Tom and Mary live in a small log cabin.
The baby is sleeping in his crib.
The baby is asleep in his crib.
The baby sleeps in a crib next to his parents' bed.
Tom arrived in a horse-drawn sleigh.
Tom and Mary arrived in a horse-drawn carriage.
Asanas are yoga postures.
Asanas are often referred to as "yoga postures" or "yoga positions".
Tom sat in the lotus position.
Breathe in through your nose.
Become aware of your entire body.
Visualize your entire body.
Tom did a few sun salutations.
Nearly everything Tom and Mary eat comes from their land.
I'm sometimes lonely on weekends.
They began spending almost every weekend there.
It gets very crowded on weekends.
Tom plays the balalaika.
Her confession came as a surprise.
Tom was sitting on a yoga ball.
Mary is sitting on a yoga ball.
Inhale and exhale evenly through your nose.
Remove the price tags before wrapping your presents.
Tom forgot to remove the price tag.
Tape one side of the wrapping paper to the box.
Go and brush your hair.
Tom put Mary's present in a bag with cute pictures of penguins on it.
Tom put Mary's present in a bag with pictures of cute penguins on it.
Tom pushed his trolley down the aisle.
Tom pushed his shopping cart down the aisle.
This place is weird.
Tom tied his horse to the wooden post.
Tom measured out the wrapping paper.
Tom can't wrap presents.
He slipped his arms around her waist.
Tom slipped his arms around Mary's waist.
I am very disappointed in you.
Do you want to die?
Tom is a member of the royal family.
Have you spoken to Tom lately?
Tom moved behind Mary and slipped his arms around her waist.
Tom hummed to himself.
Mary hummed to herself while washing the dishes.
Tom fixed the bug.
Entomologists love bugs.
Sami considers this sacred ground.
Sami was a gift from God.
Sami's death made headlines.
Sami was known for his taste in hiphop.
Sami shared Layla's love of hiphop.
Sami liked action movies.
Sami liked superheroes.
Sami was part of the couple's clique.
Sami and Layla's romance was almost over.
Sami's laughter was replaced with tears.
Sami studied biology.
Sami's future was full of promise.
Sami studied biochemical engineering.
Sami had this smile on his face from ear to ear.
Sami has moved on but his ex has not.
Sami packed up his stuff and moved to a different city.
Sami created many cartoon characters.
Sami painted graffiti.
Inhale through your nose.
Exhale through your mouth.
Sami called Layla on a payphone.
Sami gave Layla advice about how to deal with that depression.
Sami and Layla met on the campus.
Sami had lunch.
Sami deliberately turned his phone to airplane mode.
Sami was eating at a nearby McDonald's.
Sami and Layla got into a verbal argument.
Sami went to the campus police station to report Layla missing.
Sami wouldn't hurt a fly.
Sami loves animals.
Sami was in agony.
Sami Bakir is present in the court with his counselor.
Sami has got a very narrow opportunity to tell the truth.
Sami wanted to eliminate his rivals.
Sami had an obsession with getting Layla back.
Tom sharpened his axe.
She's on the loo.
She's in the khazi.
Did he see us?
"Did he see us?" "I don't think so."
Point your toes.
Straighten your legs.
Tom and Mary sat by the window watching the snow fall down.
He put his hand over hers.
They both stared out of the window watching the snow fall.
It snowed for days.
It kept on snowing until the snow reached the windows.
A shovel full of snow can weigh as much as 20 pounds.
Tom shoveled the driveway.
Some people like shoveling snow.
I went up to his room.
Tom slept on the pull-out sofa.
Snow blowers are too expensive.
Shoveling snow is good exercise.
Tom's first job was shoveling snow.
Hit me as hard as you can.
I had never experienced anything like that before.
Tom had a heart attack while shoveling snow.
Tom had a heart attack while shoveling his driveway.
They sat talking in front of the fire.
Tom and Mary discovered that they were staying at the same hotel.
Tom looked like he really needed a holiday.
I know her a bit.
They watched the snow fall.
She pressed her cheek against his.
Tom and Mary watched the snowflakes fall.
Tom and Mary were fascinated by the snowflakes.
Hurry and finish your breakfast.
Chipmunks hibernate during winter.
Do you often buy things, and then regret it later?
Have you ever watched snowflakes fall to the ground?
Alexey's passion is taking closeup pictures of snowflakes.
Alexey is a snowflake photographer.
Tom grabbed Mary's elbow.
Tom watched the snow fall outside his window.
Mary watched the snowflakes fall outside her window.
Relax completely.
Tom stumbled through the snow.
Christmas is celebrated on January 7th in Russia.
Tomsk is a city located on the Tom River in Siberia.
Tom can do a hundred pushups.
You weren't supposed to see that.
Tom pressed his face against the window.
Mary pressed her face against the window.
Tom can't do a single push-up.
He met her at the door.
Mary pressed her face against the cold glass of the window.
Hurry up and finish your breakfast.
Mary put on two sweaters.
Don't confuse a comet with an asteroid.
Another run for the money, huh?
Sami and Farid were childhood friends.
Sami smelt blood.
Sami faced peer pressure at school.
Sami and Layla formed a dark alliance.
Sami was involved in a bloody massacre.
Sami was an investigator for the district attorney.
Sami's grandfather showed him how to shoot.
Sami killed his grandparents.
Sami was dead in his sleeping bag.
Sami and Layla spent a lot of weekends together.
Sami and Layla's friendship was rekindled.
Sami was involved in a killing.
Sami said he was under a huge amount of pressure.
Sami has never heard of a place called Paraguay.
Sami might be the murderer.
Sami was trying to find his identity.
Sami didn't fit in with any of those groups.
Sami didn't fit in with any of those groups.
Sami was giving a speech in class.
Sami and Layla began a schoolyard friendship.
Sami lived deep in the Rockies.
Sami played a chess match.
Sami received a lot of compliments.
Sami organized his gang in a paramilitary structure with him in command.
Sami was a lieutenant.
Sami became a lieutenant-colonel.
Sami didn't know he was getting involved in a cult.
Sami trained his gang members for violence.
Sami is from the small Southern African country of Malawi.
Sami Bakir was ambushed, shot, and possibly killed in the Colombian jungle.
Sami was going in the wrong direction.
Sami lived in a mountain paradise.
Sami was deeply paranoid and in need of help.
Sami visited the pastor.
Sami viewed Farid as his leader.
Sami was Layla's military superior.
Sami was trained into obedience.
Sami was in a remote mountain outpost.
Sami's gang was on the move.
Sami took that as an order.
Sami and Layla built the cabin together.
Sami has never spoken in public before.
Sami is being treated for mental illness.
Sami and Layla talked for a while.
Sami and Layla played some Scrabble.
Sami wanted Layla to look at that light.
Sami looked up at the sky and prayed.
Sami spent the New Year's Eve in Egypt.
Sami described the watch he saw at the mall.
Sami was on vacation with his parents.
Sami is staying with me this afternoon.
Sami is the ringleader.
Sami was an average student with a brilliant mind.
Sami is not a genius.
Sami participated in burglaries.
Sami was at the top of the command structure.
Sami wore a bullet-proof vest for protection.
Sami's organization is out of business.
Sami is the supposed mastermind of the attack.
Sami looked like a foreigner.
Sami's letter was filled with outrageous rants.
Sami suffered so long with the guilt of killing his once best friend.
Sami got the guarantee of a lighter sentence.
Everyone started waving their flags.
The people look like ants.
He's trembling like an aspen leaf.
Can't you see that I'm in the middle of something?
Can't you see that I'm in the middle of something here?
I'm sorry. I'm in the middle of something here.
It hasn't been the same since you left.
Christmas won't be the same without you.
This pendant must be very old.
He's still very much in love with you.
She's still very much in love with you.
I know you're there.
Mary thinks you're made for each other.
Tom thinks the two of you are made for each other.
Tom hasn't been the same since you left him.
Mary hasn't been the same since you left her.
He hasn't been the same since you left him.
He hasn't been the same since she left him.
Tom felt like the luckiest man on earth.
Mary gasped when she saw the ring.
Hello, Tom speaking.
You two always got along.
Mary has dark bags under her eyes.
Have you told Tom that Mike isn't his biological father?
Don't worry. Someone will come and rescue us.
Don't worry. Someone will come and rescue us eventually.
Don't worry. Tom will come and save us.
Someone will come to rescue us eventually.
Don't worry. Someone will come to rescue us.
Sometimes, I don't think he really wants to know the truth.
Sometimes, I don't think she really wants to know the truth.
My place or yours?
Mary put a few drops of her perfume onto her letter.
If you've been having an affair with Tom, I need to know it.
If you've been having an affair with Mary, I need to know it.
Tom brushed Mary's hair aside.
We didn't part on very good terms.
We parted on good terms.
Tom prefers to be alone.
What makes you think I trust you?
A bead of sweat trickled down Tom's face.
Just because I'm married doesn't mean I'm blind.
Just because I'm married doesn't mean my eyes stopped working.
I would like to be alone now.
The witch laid a curse on the unfortunate little girl.
Summer is here.
I am a general psychologist.
Sami was fighting for his freedom.
Sami got a lifelong companion in Layla.
Don't speak, just love me!
Did someone love you before as I do?
He also suffered many things in war, while he strove to found a city, and to bear his gods to Latium: from this place arose the Latin race, the Alban fathers, and the walls of exalted Rome.
He is over eighty years old.
Third time lucky.
Do not wait a second longer.
Do not wait a second more.
Why don't you come by my place tonight?
Why don't you come back to my place for dinner tonight?
In all of human history, there has never been a kingdom that couldn't fall.
Pass the sugar please.
I ordered sushi, and John ordered tempura.
I've been getting some pretty weird emails for some time now.
For a while now, I have received some very strange messages.
The wind drove the sand.
I'm sorry, sir, but, "Your donkey is on fire," is not an idiom in any language.
He is racing home to clear his brower's history.
He does not enjoy the beach.
On every third Tuesday, he only reads Tintin, fries fish, and eats pomegranates.
He has mysterious habits.
He found that he had lost what wasn't worth keeping.
Eating her cooking is a suicidal behavior.
The bushel of wheat shed tears of gluten.
The owl heard the mouse in the brush.
The dog went blind in one eye.
The eggplant is bitter.
Keep them separate!
Glasses off! We need to see you clearly to compare you with your passport photo
Show me your passport and your ticket!
Against the wall!
The world is run by mobsters.
Ease up! You're grinding the gears.
Peel these potatoes.
These are slave wages.
Nice car!
Sweet ride! When did you get this new car?
Gnarly! You were airborne for like 10 seconds.
Totally tubular! Your skateboard rocks!
She's a valley girl.
The mall is dying.
Once upon a time, there was a video format called VHS.
This sentence isn't asking for anything.
I own this street corner.
He keeps taking the time machine to the '80's for the purpose of smoking crack.
He decided to create horrible artwork instead of aimlessly drinking.
He keeps stepping on other's toes.
He offered an olive branch.
If the van is rocking, it needs new shocks.
Titanium dioxide is frequently added to bottled salad dressing.
Why is every ninth monkey sick?
Crank up the heat!
Got any smokes?
I don't like sweets.
They discovered how to marinade meat with pomegranate molasses.
She pours date syrup on almost everything.
I'm craving fresh fruit.
She has issues with gluten.
If she eats too much fat in one sitting, she can experience diarrhea.
The birth rates are declining due to the impact of autoimmune diseases.
He ate almost a kilogram of dried Turkish figs in three days.
Sugar is sugar -- whether in fruit or granular form.
Not all calories are the same.
Fructose is a toxin.
She is filled with grief.
His prime directive is to waste my time.
They call it suicide by carbohydrates, but I call it pizza.
I like to binge watch binge drinkers at O'Flannigan's.
He says he's an artist.
Let's give him an unnecessary medical test.
I'm calling you about the lab results.
They've created a nonexistent disease.
My dog is crippled.
Can you cook this?
Do you have the recipe?
You can always tell when a ruler of the shadow government dies of natural causes due to the shuffling of power.
We should be thankful of death as it takes the worst of us away.
Why is she dancing in traffic circle?
She is newly divorced.
Ted Koppel and Henry Kissinger are good friends.
He died after a day-long drinking binge.
At my fattest, I wore suspenders.
If you're too attractive, no one will believe you are skilled technically.
I miss her embrace.
His jokes hurt.
I don't like being rejected.
Why does your dog receive checks in the mail?
Can your cat type this up?
Do you like my new boots?
You can't even say, "Pinot Noir."
I got audited.
It's the bookkeeper's fault.
The bookkeeper tried to seduce her.
The bookkeeper was arrested last night for embezzlement.
The cause of the death was an overdose.
You may regain the use of your legs one day.
No, there are no idioms in my language about one-legged dancers.
The mouse survived the cat's attack.
The mouse ate the grasshopper.
I would like to purchase a magazine.
Everyone laughs at my incredibly strange accent.
When he says "vegetables", I hear "busy devils".
I'm never going to take your advice on pairing cheese.
My dog isn't feeling well.
Must you needlessly touch everything with your filthy hands?
Your tires are worn out.
They are going to sign him.
You can eat my pickle.
As she boarded the train, he was terrified that he had contracted an STD.
Your body needs a break from the continual abuse to which you subject it.
He just died, and he wasn't kidding that he was allergic to wheat.
Hotdogs are very dangerous for young children.
The children turned the sofa into a sailing vessel.
Can you buy some soap?
I cannot remove the film this hand soap left on my hair.
His father died in 1939.
He would drink and disappear for days.
He stole petty cash from the office in the shoe store.
Look at how rail thin she was while picking apples during the Depression.
Everyone in the family likes BBQ Thursdays.
Cows eat grass -- no gluten!
You need to sign in.
The cause of death was "dependent clauses."
Ouch! That hurts!
The editor and the bookkeeper were fired for having sex in the office.
The bookkeeper needs to trim his eyebrows.
She pulled out some nose hairs to create tears and then knocked on the door.
He felt evil.
He was plagued by obsessive thoughts of guilt.
She liked sentences with six words.
Seven lucky dogs were chosen for the dog food commercial.
I thought it was a costume and not a real nun's habit!
This is a practical matter.
It's ambiguous.
I think you just defined "sharecropping."
He's prolific.
Throw the noodle against the wall to see if it will stick.
Boil a pot of water.
He buys thrift store landscape paintings and adds raccoons doing modern things, like operating a microwave, to the backgrounds.
They laughed and I cried.
I'm afraid I might get herpes from a snorkel.
Can I panic?
It was high energy.
We ran out of buns and then meat.
The fridge is overloaded with condiments.
Don't forget to buy condensed milk.
Bananas ripen quickly.
I dream of exotic fruit.
She is in a band called "Durian Durian", and they stink.
After a short trial, she sentenced the chicken to death.
On your way home, pick up a half-gallon of goat's milk.
She composed the music, but used her mouth to make the drum noises.
Stealing his roommate's stick of butter cost him his life.
He never recovered from his death.
She is still pregnant to this day -- forty years later!
There is a crazy amount of packaging on this product.
Simple, we'll throttle all submissions.
Put direct pressure on the wound to stop the bleeding.
Elevate her feet.
History is written by the shadow government's public relations firm.
Is it inclusive or exclusive?
Why did I wear shorts?
I'm hypothetical.
Step into the wonderful world of my sentence.
He chose art over booze.
Vipers everywhere!
Break dancing is not allowed in the nursing home.
What is the sound of my tears falling into your eggs?
He's dying and needs a cigarette.
It took her eight frustrating hours to seduce the bookkeeper.
My life will not be complete until I buy a 1965 Matra-Dubonnet Djet 5b sports car.
He's been shot.
Is it safe at night there?
Please wear your floatation device.
The bookkeeper lost his spleen in a horrible car wreck.
It was no "hunting accident".
There were no damages to the cars involved in the fender bender.
She threatened to translate his works and, thus, exposing him to the whims of the police state.
His program would not compile.
Sorry, it was just a big, heartless joke.
This blanket is too soft.
If you wrap your pillow case in a clean towel every night, you'll cure your acne.
Don't eat anything that comes out of a box.
This is not your father's police state.
It's a minor infraction.
Everything crumbles as soon as I touch it.
I don't like these stereotypes.
The Chinese are said to detest French baguettes because they're compared to dog bones.
It was unsavory, to say the least.
Quick, hide the beer cans!
He wouldn't stop making puns...
"Contains hazelnuts", my ass!
Is this all new to you?
What would be my day-to-day tasks?
I just came from the recital and my ears are bleeding.
The FDA allows a specific amount of maggots in mushroom soup.
Did you say "soup" or "soap"?
Stop fumbling around with the car keys and open the door.
Please stop giving deep tissue massages to the cat. It's digusting!
Harold liked to listen to ambient music while playing sudoku on the toilet.
Here, throw up in this waste-paper basket.
Bring out the good bowls.
Do you want a clean fork?
Does this contain gluten?
Is this gluten free?
'twas the night before Glutenmas, when all through the house, not a bagel was stirring, not even a corpulent spouse.
If you wish, everything is yours.
Sami took another look.
Sami thinks his daughter's fiance is responsible for her death.
Sami was in the shower.
Sami's family launched their own investigation.
Sami studied his daughter's autopsy.
Sami was last seen alive in June.
Sami is not the same person as he used to be.
Sami and Layla spent Christmas together.
Sami and Layla spent Christmas together.
Sami has been thrust into a role he never imagined.
Sami had a very vibrant personality.
Sami and Layla talked about almost any thing.
Sami is a former real estate agent.
Sami had an album for his dog.
Sami was in a hotel room.
Sami was trying to build a future with Layla.
Sami loves life.
Sami is more than twice Layla's daughter's age.
Sami already had six children and was going through a nasty divorce.
Sami found airline tickets in Layla's room.
Sami and Layla butted heads more often than not.
Sami was certain that his relationship with Layla was going to end.
Sami gave Layla a diamond bracelet.
Sami revealed another surprise.
Sami was heading to Cairo.
Sami and Layla had dinner at a restraurant across the street from the hotel.
Sami was sitting at the dinner table with Layla.
Sami and Layla got into an argument.
Sami was with his dogs.
Sami answered the phone.
Sami listened to the recording and heard a man's voice in the background.
Sami's cellphone was ringing.
Sami was found alone in that hotel room.
Sami got a call from the police.
Sami was planning his own demise.
Sami renewed his subscription to the magazine.
Sami sent joyful text messages to Layla.
Sami did not commit suicide.
Sami got rich selling houses.
Sami called Layla from the neighbors' home.
Sami called the detective.
Sami made a 911 phone call.
Sami tried to retrieve the call Layla had made.
Sami and Layla have had many fights before.
Sami sent a text message to Layla at midnight.
Sami discovered Layla's nude pictures.
Sami knew the pictures were in Layla's camera.
Sami is a former cop himself.
Sami has reported extensively on this case for the Al-Ahram newspaper.
Sami's death should be viewed as a homicide.
Sami was interviewed six days after Layla's death.
Sami looked at the photographs.
Sami looked at Layla's eyes.
Sami didn't wear his bracelet.
Sami shot this video on Christmas.
Sami took the bracelet out of the box and gave it to Layla.
Sami's bathroom door was left open.
Sami didn't want Layla to see him that way.
Sami sat on the floor.
Sami used a pillow to smother Layla.
Sami was suspended in mid-air.
Sami struggled to get air.
Sami is a forensic expert.
Sami is a medical examiner.
Sami just did the job for Layla.
Sami took a polygraph test.
Sami had to fight for six years.
Sami had something to do with Layla's daughter's death.
Sami agreed to take a polygraph test.
Sami is a chief polygraphist.
Sami was not telling the truth.
Sami was branded a liar on national television.
Sami is a victim, too.
Sami told us his sad story.
Sami had a big problem.
Sami called his children.
Sami was screaming and yelling and punching the wall.
Sami suddenly changed his mind.
Sami and Layla were having a party.
Sami made the call just after midnight.
Sami grabbed Layla by her shirt.
Sami took Layla's purse.
Sami fell on his knees.
Sami Bakir is the top investigator.
Sami's revelations rocked the case.
Sami read all the expert literature about that.
Sami is a former defense attorney.
Sami's wristwatch was on the wrong wrist.
Sami has a history of depression.
Sami had suicidal thoughts.
Sami tried to commit suicide with a bottle of pills.
Sami said that to his father.
Sami took some pills.
Sami had a change of heart.
Sami went straight home after leaving the hotel.
Sami confirmed Layla's account.
Sami discovered an error.
Sami's last cellphone ping came from a cellphone tower in Cairo.
Sami was fixated on finding out every detail.
Sami called that night.
Sami's statements were quite accurate.
Sami was at odds with Layla.
Sami was left with questions.
Sami has never been in Layla's car.
Sami was found lying in a blood-stained bed.
Sami left his life of a drug addict behind.
Sami killed his wife through jealousy and rage.
Sami was acting like a zombie.
Sami's story was enough to convince the jury that Layla was guilty.
Sami's life is scarred for ever by the day his mom didn't come home.
Sami has never been in trouble his whole life.
Sami graduated from high school in 2006.
Sami locked himself in the bedroom all weekend.
Sami locked himself in the bedroom and drank all weekend.
Sami's glass was on the nightstand.
Sami and Layla set up camp here.
Sami snorted a condom.
Sami gambled on his own risky business.
Sami was allowed to change his identity.
Sami played matchmaker.
Sami and Layla are getting ready for a night on the town.
Sami remembers the first moment he met Layla.
Sami and Layla are like any other couple in love.
Sami had his body transformed with gender reassignment surgery.
Sami was born a she.
Sami is a man even if he has breasts or a vagina.
Sami has struggled with gender identity since he was a toddler.
Sami wanted to be a girl.
Sami said he wanted his penis off.
Sami was an extremely feminine boy.
Sami danced like a ballerina.
Sami had a gay son.
Sami dreamed himself wearing a dress.
Sami lives just sixteen miles away.
Sami and Layla both felt like outcast.
Sami's lights were out.
Sami tried to drown himself in a pool.
Sami was transgender.
Sami grew his hair.
Sami searched the Internet for answers.
Sami broke the news to his mother.
Sami and Farid swapped clothes.
Sami was an idiot on the Internet.
Sami hurt himself for entertainment.
Sami became a celebrity.
Sami was the class clown.
Sami was a teen in trouble.
Sami was inhaling alcohol.
Sami went racing down this road at a 160 miles an hour.
Sami was driving towards Layla at 60 miles an hour.
Sami cannot protect his kids from seeing these sorts of videos.
Sami is trying to adjust to a life that will now be lived in a wheelchair.
Sami is a highly-paid lecturer.
Sami was so outraged by Layal's tone.
Sami wanted to have sex with Layla.
Sami found that word particularly offensive.
Sami is a hard-partying college kid.
Sami came from a deeply-devout conservative family.
Sami saw the flyer.
Sami studied at a public school.
Sami's talk was boycotted.
Sami couldn't believe his ears.
Sami had sex before he was married.
Sami continued to stir up the hornets' nest.
Sami filed an injunction against the school board.
Sami was shocked that people would respond that way.
Sami is the school superintendent.
Sami is a hero.
Sami knew in his heart that he was right.
Sami was at risk.
Sami declined our request for an interview.
Sami became a lawyer.
Sami wanted to be a vehicle for social change.
Sami is living the lifestyle of the rich.
Sami and Layla were having fun.
Sami posted that on Facebook.
Sami posted photos on his Facebook page.
Sami is hanging out on a yacht in Egypt.
Sami is a ridiculously rich teenager.
Sami has a mansion in Monaco.
Sami likes to upload his photos onto Instagram.
Sami is just sixteen and he's still at school.
Sami posts snapshots of his on Facebook every day.
Sami almost had a pop career with a single called "I'm a Punk."
Sami is a designer.
Sami will be a fashion model.
Sami looked at Layla's face.
Sami was posing with a horse.
Sami drives a Ford Focus.
Sami founded an investment company.
Sami is waiting in this parking lot.
Sami doesn't want anyone else using his computer.
Sami is a classic scholar.
Sami is an acclaimed pianist.
Sami got an opportunity.
Sami wanted to make his company big.
Sami gave Layla money.
Sami never wears business suits.
Sami was struggling to get a BA.
Sami hatched a new idea.
Sami refused to pay the bill.
Sami and Layla were planning to spend the holiday weekend together.
Sami heard Layla's cries for help.
Sami was trapped under the truck.
Sami's chest was crushed.
Sami has just found his son's body.
Sami was found dead in the garage.
Sami grew up on a family farm.
Sami had taken out a life insurance policy just a month before he died.
Sami planned his son's death.
Sami's father is a sociopath.
Sami's death was cold-blooded murder.
Sami's killer was inside his own home. It's his wife.
Sami is a mechanic but he doesn't like to go under cars.
Sami cashed in his insurance claims.
Sami received an insurance payout of sixteen thousand dollars.
Sami told police another horrific tale.
Sami had a wire underneath his clothing.
Sami lived in a small town in Egypt.
Sami was the beneficiary of a two hundred thousand dollar life insurance policy.
Sami's mother was an amazing woman.
Sami asked Layla the same question over and over again.
Stand at attention.
Sami was in the bathroom.
Everyone is different, and you, more so than others.
Sami saw the flames.
Don't be modest.
Can I exchange this?
Do you have the receipt?
Sami saw the flames.$
Sami saw the flames.
Sami saw the flames.
Sami repaired a broken window in the bathroom.
Sami was murdering his own family members for money.
What is the degree of heft?
What smells funky?
Hot garbage.
Is this gold?
Don't undress.
Where is my cap?
Sami was seeing a shrine.
Can you wash my clothes?
Why are you indifferent?
Sami and Layla ate dinner at a local restautant.
What is your favorite show?
I should have knocked.
Sami caught Layla on tape confessing to Farid's murder.
This came for you in the mail.
The sink is full of dishes.
I want steak tonight.
Do you want cheese on your salad?
How many eggs?
We've ran out of syrup.
More bacon please.
Do you have any wrapping paper.
I made you a birthday cake.
Sami took advantage of the situation.
You can re-gift the present if you don't want it.
Please turn the heater on.
Make a left here.
Time for inspection.
Pull over.
Back it up.
Dump everything here.
Pick this up.
Sami took advantage of the opportunity.
Sami agreed to meet his ex-wife again.
Wait for your turn.
It's not yours to say.
Please don't question.
There's been an accident at the crossroads.
The doctor is on his way.
Sami was in the interrogation room.
Bandage the wound.
Sami talked about the death of his own son.
Sami was crushed to death under a pickup truck.
Sami is sitting inside this interrogation room across from interrogators.
I promise I will.
Sami came home from a funeral.
Does she have to know?
When will you let me know?
Sami took medication that might have altered his behavior that day.
I look forward to speaking with you.
Let me know if anything changes.
Sami told police six different versions of the same story.
Sami was in the county jail.
She's pregnant again.
Sami became responsible and had manners.
Why do you disrespect me?
Where is my bag?
Sami was charged with murder in the second degree.
What is up with this?
Sami murdered his first wife, Layla.
Sami is sitting in a prison cell.
Sami was watching a movie.
Sami's revelations cracked the case wide open.
Sami is a devoted husband.
Sami was such a good guy.
Sami was a heavy smoker.
What exactly is porridge?
Sami was a drinker in the past.
Sami never saw a doctor.
Sami didn't have any enemies.
What a dump!
Sami is from the bayou.
Sami had a small suitcase.
You expect me to eat this?
Can I have some more?
Sami called Layla every evening.
Sami is a Texas cowboy.
What time will it be when we arrive?
Sami suffered severe internal damage.
I'm getting very hungry.
Sami fixed the circuit breaker.
Sami's answers offered little help.
Can it fit on the head of a pin?
Sami entered the hotel with beer.
I sat on a needle.
I love noodles.
It's too salty.
Sami took control over the situation.
Can you pass the salt?
Sami is a former Toronto cop.
How many stars?
Sami had a passion for crime solving.
I'm a baby.
Sami was on a golf course.
Can I come along?
Sami started from scratch.
Wake me up before you leave.
Sami took a closer look at the autopsy report.
Can you wash my jeans?
Sami left his glasses in the hotel room.
I don't have anything smaller.
Will this make a difference?
I'm sorry I spoke.
This won't matter in the end.
What was I expecting?
Sami had an aha moment.
Break it up.
Sami broke that rule.
Ask me again.
So now you see!
Sami's body is cold and the leads are even colder.
Again with the...
Sami was making some popcorn in the microwave.
Ask for forgiveness.
I expect an apology.
Sami shut off the air conditioning.
When I was a child, we respected our elders.
Sami told that to his co-workers.
Please don't talk to me.
Sami heard a gun going off.
What would it matter in the long run?
How am I expected to help?
What is her sickness?
Sami is an electrician.
What now?
Sami was killed by a bullet fired from a neighboring building.
OK, I'm coming.
Apologize and then go to your room.
The dog ran away.
Sami has got a problem.
Sami doesn't want to go to jail for that.
Sami began to reveal the pieces of the puzzle.
Sami had a handgun in his pickup truck.
I love coleslaw.
Look at the mule.
Sami quickly packed up the gun and returned it to the safe.
Can we stop for breakfast?
Sami's body was carried out on a gurney.
Someday, soon.
Sami is the shooter.
Break me off a piece.
Did you smoke it all?
Where is the remote?
Sami was watching Batman.
You're watching too much TV.
Sami was disgusted with Layla's behavior.
Sami lost Layla's trust.
Turn here.
Give up.
Sami died of natural causes.
Why must you do this?
Sami died from a seizure.
Why are you drinking in the morning?
Sami was in the ER.
Do you want more coffee?
Sami was a devout church organist.
What will you have for breakfast?
Sami had a strange way of expressing sympathy.
What a way to begin the day.
Whew, that was close.
I almost had an accident.
Someone was killed.
Sami was involved in a family plot to kill Layla.
They're searching for the body.
He fell down the ravine.
I was not expecting that.
Sami lived in the Bible Belt.
You're a big boy now.
Sami embodied that unholy mix of holy water and drugs.
Sami was messing with destiny.
Please save some for later.
Don't eat this all in one sitting.
He's bashful.
Sami is Farid's close buddy.
The cat is afraid of children.
Do you have exact change?
Sami was praying at church.
Sami had autism.
Bananas are high in potassium.
Do you have any granola left?
We're traveling light.
Sami is an exceptional human being.
What is this here?
OK, I'll explain.
Sami is finally having his moment in the spotlight.
Let up.
Sami showed up at my door on Saturday.
Where did I place that?
Where is my mind?
Sami was cremated and his ashes were scattered at a lake.
Sami played the song.
Sami moved his family to a new neighborhood and a larger home.
There'll be lots of explaining to do.
Sami's bad fortunes were just beginning.
I wasn't expecting a show.
Sami was a man with a mission.
What is this -- show and tell?
Sami hoped to put that sadness behind him.
One question.
Sami lives across the street.
Its bark is worse than its bite.
They've closed up.
When did the store fail?
Sami found Layla in bed without a pulse.
You have an important letter in the mail.
Sami's death is due to prior medical issues.
Sami took his 26-year old daughter to the emergency room.
Can you give me answer?
Where to?
Sami's kidneys shut down.
How often?
Chicken again?
So it goes.
Sami hoped for divine intervention.
Enough already.
This is exasperating.
Sami was floored by Layla's Facebook post.
I'll move the car.
Sami is also in the hospital with flu-like symptoms.
So this is how it ends.
Sami visited the hospital.
Your package is on its way.
Hooray, I get to sleep in.
Sami voluntarily came to the station for an interview.
I can't afford to miss it.
Sami discussed Layla's critical condition.
Did you request this?
This is not our policy.
So many questions, so little time.
Sami died last year of a heart attack.
I won't apologize.
Sami wouldn't quit smoking.
Why did she ask?
So much confusion!
Please move your car.
Your car is blocking the drive.
Don't park there.
You have a flat.
Sami is a quiet God-fearing man.
Sami fronted a blues band.
Sami's kidneys and brain failed.
You can't make a career out of it.
Sami would drink and smoke pot.
Or, can you?
Sabotage!
Jump up and help her!
Sami revealed cracks in the foundation of his seemingly picture-perfect family.
Not you again...
In your dreams...
Suppose I told you...
Sami's decision was suicidal.
She's not feeling well.
She died in her sleep.
Well, I'm done.
Sami dropped a bomb in the interrogation room.
Sami was drinking antifreeze.
Sami is a gifted musician.
Sami was behind bars.
Sami confessed to the killing of Layla.
Sami had a book on poisons.
Sami's house was in disarray.
Sami gave Layla a tour inside the house.
Sami had many laptops.
Sami gave a coke to Layla.
Sami wrote that in his journal.
Sami returned in a different mood.
Sami had a lot of bad dreams about his mother dying.
Sami wasn't buying Layla's story or her tears.
Sami was also Mother's little helper.
Sami carefully planned and researched all options.
Sami even explored witchcraft.
Sami wanted a tasteless poison.
Sami turned his attention to Layla.
Sami is now under arrest.
Sami's sister was hospitalized.
Sami's fellow church members were shocked.
Sami blew the whistle on Layla.
Sami is our pastor, the leader of our flock.
Sami is awaiting trial.
Sami regained consciousness.
Sami survived a vicious poisoning.
Sami died just six months later.
Sami was part of the plot.
Sami killed his dad and brother.
Sami is the youngest member of the gang.
Sami learned to accept his new reality.
Sami threw his mom under the bus.
Sami was sent to death row.
Sami was in court.
Sami entered the courtroom his back against the wall.
Sami was callous to the end.
Sami harbored no ill-will.
Sami loves going to concerts with Layla.
Sami, a rock singer, was more pathetic than poetic.
Sami was sentenced to life in prison with a possibility of parole when he's sixty-six.
Sami moved down from Connecticut to Florida.
Sami lived a privileged life thanks to his parents.
Sami was hiding secrets.
Sami will inherit a million dollars in life insurance if his parents are dead.
Sami's years of fantasy finally came to life.
Sami is working at this hospital as a volunteer.
Sami was sentenced to life with a minimum of 26 years.
Sami was sentenced to life with no chance of parole for a minimum of 36 years.
Sami's execution was a sad ending to a sad and desperate life.
Sami was leading two lives under two different roofs.
Sami went from village life in Egypt to metropolitan life in Toronto, Canada.
Sami hired a killer to get rid of the only witness.
Sami hired two hitmen.
Sami's hair is so beautiful.
Sami gave Layla thousands of dollars.
Sami is a professional liar and a thief.
Sami and Farid are best friends.
Sami is from the coroner's office.
Sami was caught in an elaborate sting.
Sami said he loved animals.
Sami came to pick up his check.
Sami spilled the beans to Layla.
Sami's body was in an advanced state of decomposition.
Sami's body was decomposing in that closet.
Sami died of asphyxiation.
You fell asleep with your glasses on.
It's the end of the line.
What is this doing here?
Please don't chew food with your mouth open.
I'm not paying.
I don't like the price.
What's the situation here?
Can we find a dog-friendly restaurant?
Sami's body showed signs of struggle.
Don't tip it over!
Sami purchased a wig.
They rolled their car into a ditch.
Sami decided to ignore his right to remain silent.
Call a tow truck, please.
She may not survive.
Power, wisdom, patience and innovation. Do you possess all these? Thou who wishes to wear the crown shall bear its burden.
Sami finished his meal.
I've been saving these for you.
Sami left before the music stopped.
I'm half Apache.
Sami wanted to visit Florida's Atlantic coast.
Sami killed his roommate, Farid.
I'll be expecting your resignation.
Sounds like a soap opera.
Sami has hatched a plan of his own.
Is it expensive?
Would it be too much to ask?
Sami and Layla spoke multiple times that day.
Step gingerly.
Sami's undercover camera was rolling.
Sami ordered a pizza.
It's too spicy.
Sami hired a professional makeup artist.
You have no sympathy.
You're a selfish bitch.
Sami looks pretty much like a corpse.
No wonder your husband left.
Sami's hands are bound.
I can't stand this much longer.
Where's the payoff?
Drop everything.
Sami was slapped with new murder charges.
Jump up, sit down...
Sami is facing the death penalty.
Sami was bitten by a viper.
Don't be so brash.
Sami has done enough talking.
We'll change cars.
I'm on my way to the airport.
Sami was terrorized by anonymous letters.
Can you give me a ride to the airport?
Sami secretly terrorized his neighbors, sending them anonymous death threats.
Sami was coaching the team.
When are you stopping this charade?
Sami's daughter goes to dance school every other day.
It's a cancer and it's growing.
Flip it over.
Sit up.
Sami doesn't need to play baseball anymore.
Make this shine.
Sami remained the coach.
Clean up this place.
Stop farting.
Sami had intimate knowledge of Layla's daily life.
I don't have an issue with that.
It was old hat.
Too soon?
Sami will take the bait.
Take a shower before getting into bed with me.
Hold me, I'm cold.
I need a little sunshine.
Sami was released from jail after serving his sentence.
Can we look at it tomorrow?
Sami is a pastry chef.
If only things had been different.
As the world turns...
Sami is an aspiring pastry chef.
He's lost his sight.
He's gone blind.
Sami's beloved chihuahua has died.
What are the local laws on livestock?
Sami felt like his whole world was falling apart.
Can you come back tomorrow?
We're closing soon.
Too sweet.
Sami stole Layla's belongings.
Can I borrow your hammer?
Sami is not very good at hiding his gullibility.
Do you have a screwdriver?
Sami cut ties with Layla.
I imagine a little hamlet in a valley...
Sami was even a guest at Layla's wedding.
Sami stole Layla's passport.
He's a crusty old man.
Sami bought six airline tickets.
Sami was studying pediatrics.
Tongue in cheek, so to say...
Sami read Layla Biblical verses.
Back 'er up.
Gotta drop a deuce.
Sami stole thousands of dollars.
Sami is on the run.
Sami kept Instagramming his whereabouts.
Almost home...
Sami set up a Facebook page dedicated to finding Layla.
It was pancaked.
Sami's mother died of breast cancer.
Sami wanted his daughter to live the American dream.
Another small plane crash?
Sami has access to Layla's room.
It was the fifth one today.
Pull over and let me out.
Sami deleted his social media accounts.
Sami googled Layla Bakir's name.
It's trash day.
Sami stole Layla's life savings.
It's more responsibility than she can handle.
We need to know in advance next time this happens.
Any allergies?
Sami preyed on Layla's openness and vulnerability.
Did you have a reaction?
Let me look at your rash.
Sami pled guilty to one count of first degree theft.
It won't hurt for long.
Sami was ordered to pay restitution.
She was up sick all night.
She's resting.
Poor girl.
If I'd only known...
What could be worse?
Sami has been distant and depressed for weeks.
Brace for impact!
Sami seemed his usual outgoing self.
Sami and Layla got married at an informal ceremony.
Sami didn't go to Layla's wedding.
Sami served Layla food.
Sami hasn't been over in a while.
All except you.
You look dashing.
Sami was teaching advanced chemistry at the University of Cairo.
They singled me out.
What's my line?
Sami made a memorable first impression.
Do you expect me to lie?
He's evil.
Sami strayed from the righteous path.
This isn't my job!
Sami's worship turned from God to girls.
It's my first day.
You're wanted in the kitchen.
Sami fell in love.
Put your feet up if you want.
Put your feet down!
Sami entered a new world of seduction and sex.
Get off of there!
Stop your whining!
Explain yourself!
Sami was a couple of months old.
Sami touched the knife to check if it was sharp enough.
Is this how you want to be remembered?
Sami was only a third of the way through his plan.
I'll be happy when I'm dead.
Sami lost his will.
How lucky.
Sami wanted to stop the pain.
What a trooper!
Give it your all.
Sami got lots of effective psychotherapy in prison.
Put your chin up.
Get back out there.
Stop them!
Defense! Go team! Stop 'em!
Sami and Layla gave each other kisses on the phone.
Pass the ball!
Do you get to travel often?
Sami was about to be arrested by the FBI.
Can you reach?
Put this back up there.
I can't get down.
Sami knew his act was cowardly.
Sami endured years of suffering.
When will you know?
Can we just stop arguing for a moment?
There's no justice in this world.
So melodramatic!
Sami witnessed his father's failure.
Why so melancholy?
He's from a different time.
Sami told that to a nurse.
I don't understand their culture.
This is all backward to me.
Sami fell into a deep sleep for a few hours.
All of this?
Sami considered himself the center of the universe.
I'm learning something new everyday.
Sami was charged with six counts of first degree murder.
Great expectations.
Sami wrote Layla a note.
Change the light.
Sami wanted to save his skin.
Open this door!
She's locked herself in her room.
Sami was taking a powerful drug.
Push it under the door.
I'm not coming out.
Please don't ask me!
Sami dissipated his rage through the use of violence.
I've had it!
She's mentally ill.
We don't now what she's been through.
Sami bought a shovel from a Walmart.
Addiction is a disease.
What's Latin?
Sami paid cash.
This was in your closet.
Sami googled suspicious terms.
Where can I hide this booze?
Sami did another search on Google.
Sami completed his research.
I found all sorts of beer bottles in the garage.
Sami's backpack, containing his wallet, was found in the marsh.
Sami was out there in the woods.
Sami is the snitch.
Sami was put on suicide watch for six weeks.
Well, maybe we can.
Sami tried to poison Layla with a mixture of sleeping pills and pesticides.
Can you go back?
Sami completed his masterpiece.
Sami didn't make any comment about that.
When will they finish the construction?
Sami led cops to the place where he had buried Layla.
Can you return my personal belongings?
I'm never returning.
It was the worst experience.
Take it outside!
Sami is the only witness the defense called.
You wanna go?
Sami tried to charm the jurors.
Come at me!
Sami talked about his efforts to win Layla back.
She cut him open with a knife.
She's gone mad.
They locked her up.
She's in prison now.
Sami descended into a life of despair.
How did she get away with that?
She's on the lam.
Sami and Layla's scuffle became intense inside the car.
Can I get a seat on the next flight?
Sami was discovered face down in a shallow grave.
Sami made a curious choice.
Sami made the long drive to Cairo.
Sami lived in the middle of nowhere.
She didn't say.
Such a particular moment!
Sami is a cynical murderer.
On what planet?
This is ass backwards!
Sami was laid to rest.
What are you hiding in there?
Sami grew up in a sleepy lumber town.
How much does it weigh?
Sami talked to the minister.
Excuse me, lady.
Sami was an Evangelist.
Sami sang the gospel.
It was a different time and a different world.
Sami's favorite hymn is Amazing Grace.
Sami was singing his favorite hymn, Amazing Grace.
Sami was a prominent member of the medical community.
Sami might have fallen down the stairs.
I like William Hung.
Sami gave Layla migraine medicine.
Do you have any cash on you?
Sami has been spending his nights on the couch.
Sami was on the ground.
Sami was on the ground.
Sami was happy to see his inlaws.
I need an excuse.
Pick up some melons while you're out.
Sami had a migraine headache.
Do you have any scissors?
I need some tape.
Sami broke a flowerpot.
Sami was out of town at a doctor's appointment.
Sami noticed a spot on the wall.
Sami noticed a red spot on the sheet.
Make yourself scarce.
Sami was out at a religious meeting.
It's episodic.
Sami didn't leave a dime to his wife.
Sami read some of Layla's journal entries.
Quick, hide behind the tree.
Put it away.
Sami found out about Layla's lover.
It started a fire.
Sami arranged to meet Detective Bakir to tell him about that.
Sami arranged to meet Detective Bakir to tell him about that.
That looks like a gang sign.
Sami buried Layla in this cemetery.
Sami showed Layla an old yellowing newspaper article.
I'll throttle him!
Don't panic, yet.
It's not a sure thing.
OK, back up.
Change your shirt.
Sami told police an incredible story.
Sami smelt smoke.
You're at the top of the list.
Sami checked Layla's feet.
Sami smelt diesel.
Sami found a can of diesel fuel in Layla's room.
I'll be thinking of you.
Sami was arrested, tried and convicted of arson.
It's a probability.
Sami invented a story to cover his tracks.
It's catchy.
Nice moves!
Get on the dance floor.
Sami is not a choir boy.
There's no excuse for this.
There's a hole in his head.
You're my sunshine.
Sami took the money to the bank.
What a pleasant day!
Sami had no proof.
I'm going out for my constitutional.
Please, no more beans.
Do the walk.
Sami tried to kill Layla with a mallet.
Sami hit Layla in the back of the head with a mallet.
Sami covered Layla's nose and mouth.
Sami slipped in the tub.
Sami got stung by jellyfish.
Tastes like chicken.
Sami hit Layla over the head with a mallet.
So dramatic!
It's got an edge to it.
Create a distraction.
Is she athletic?
Can you spell it for me?
Sami had only one serious injury.
Does this look silly?
Sami tripped at the bottom of the stairs.
Can you proofread this?
Where is your paper?
Sami didn't hear any screaming.
I've had too much coffee.
I saw your new pictures online.
Sami is at peace.
Sami turned down our request for an interview.
Sami was having an affair with Layla's mother.
That's so hot.
I need to get outside.
Sami found Layla in a fast-food parking lot.
Why are you missing class?
Did you hand it in?
Did you ask for amnesty?
I can't forgive you yet.
Maybe someday.
Sami is living on food stamps.
Sami was buried in a family plot.
He's the fountainhead.
What is the source of this?
I hope you appreciate this.
Can you listen for once?
I'll be working late.
This is a situation I don't want to deal with now.
He's the same as he was.
For the seventeenth time!
Please clap for me.
That stings.
He's a star.
That explains that.
I need a leather jacket.
I'm not getting you another thing.
I'm past that.
Turn around and help me.
Slow up.
Please stop telling me the same story.
We've heard it before.
It's nothing new.
Wrap it up and put a bow on it.
How do you live with yourself?
What is your favorite band?
Do you hunt?
I don't like my body type.
Not again!
Go faster.
It's crooked.
These don't line up.
Can I have another?
Let's clean up.
This will be difficult to explain.
There's an issue with this.
It's not what I was expecting.
There was some fallout.
There's been a policy change.
He lost the paperwork.
Do you have the receipt?
The latch is broken.
She left the gate open and the dog ran away.
Is there a cure?
What can be said?
I've seen better years.
There's a question of integrity.
I won't be asking twice.
There's only so much I can take.
He's joined a gang.
There's practically nothing left.
Thanks for getting back to me.
Let me know if there's anything I can do to help.
He's feeling a lot better.
What are you doing bro?
Don't be so particular!
I am not asking.
It's the principle of the thing.
Like you have a choice.
Don't box me in.
Separate yourself from me.
Let go.
Soup's on.
I won't make excuses for you.
You were different then.
There's no place for me.
I've been unseated.
Can you shield me from this?
How can I explain?
You need to exercise your rights.
I need to charge it.
Staring into the emptiness...
Picking up the pieces...
Cover yourself!
What's falling from there?
Is anyone home?
I won't be home for long.
Bunch it up.
I'm collecting.
Can you sign this birthday card?
You've stepped in dog shit.
Leave your shoes outside.
No shoes in the house!
Get some water for the dog!
The leg is broken.
It's in pieces.
There's no end in sight.
Where can I find peace?
Endless! I can't stand these politicians and their bullshit.
Against my will?
Never!
Do you like banjos?
Do you want to go out this evening?
Everyone has gone crazy.
Stop taking pictures!
We have leftovers.
Here, feel this.
Does it look infected?
Pickles on your sandwich?
Stop with the gluten!
Stop for moment.
Please reflect on this.
When will you understand?
The world is revolving.
It's all been uncovered.
To be discovered...
The air is crisp.
Eat the fruit before it goes bad.
There's sand in the bed.
I love the sound of the ocean.
Don't leave it here.
Nothing is here.
Muse, recount to me the reasons; what deity was offended, or what was the queen of the gods grieving, that she should drive a man extraordinary in his piety to undergo so many misfortunes, to endure so many hardships. Do the heavenly spirits have such passions?
Don't move too fast.
Let it show.
You're drifting off.
It's in the cellar.
Perhaps we could go for an evening stroll. And then afterwards we can get something to eat.
I'm just thinking...
I was concerned about your welfare.
Again with this?
There's no way of securing it.
It's a masterwork!
Don't close me off.
Exercise everyday.
My throat is sore.
Help me with this.
Come closer so I can give you a hug.
Where's my favorite nephew?
She hit a high note.
What swagger!
Hold up.
Back up there.
Were did I leave my spectacles?
Online shopping can be a huge ripoff.
The jar looked much larger on the website.
It's been defaced.
It's all frayed.
The collar is worn out.
The leash broke.
We need more puppy pads.
These are expensive!
You've been more than helpful.
We'll make bank.
Is it valuable information?
I can't stand these advertisements.
I'm no good.
When will it be available?
I've seen the light.
So many memories...
I'm scared for him.
He's so pale.
It's crushing me.
Death take me.
I used to dream.
I've given up hope.
Grasp my hand.
Kiss me goodnight.
It's just so novel!
It's a wonderment!
Oh, baby!
Tender kisses.
Slide over here next to me.
I used to pray.
The darkness is gone.
Close your mind.
Why is that so shocking?
Catch up!
Slow your horses!
On top of that!
Don't let your excitement show!
Walking free.
The opportunities here are boundless!
I'm in a groove.
Tongue and groove.
It's so smooth.
The sea looks menacing.
Far, far away.
He's suicidal.
You can chime in here.
What's your two cents?
You've never told me that.
There will be expectations.
Can you slow down a minute?
I can't search that fast.
He was uplifted.
He's been an inspiration to us all.
I'm feeling crabby.
Egah, it's vile!
What is this mush?
I lost my head there.
I don't want to sit around for hours.
Pick up the microphone.
Get up, you slacker!
Some of the best in the world.
Dig deeper.
There's a moral to the story.
That sound is dated.
I'm crazy for you.
It goes deeper than that.
Will you be able to attend?
Where are you located?
What's the closest cross street?
Do you see a landmark?
How long will you be?
Sit up straight!
Don't hit me!
There's too much violence for me.
When will this song end?
Boring!
I'm not against it.
The server is the size of a matchbox.
What happened to this?
Can it get worse?
Choke up on the bat.
Adjust your grip.
It's too humid for me.
Is it closed?
Instant feedback!
When will you open?
It's so nice to be amongst friends.
It was insane!
I've been locked up too long.
I'm a poor boy from a poor family.
Do you know how to sail?
Can you navigate?
Apply some leverage!
I can't see the end of it.
I ain't got nobody.
I can't feel my extremities.
He broke his back.
Secure this money somewhere.
Go take a shower.
It's been sliced clean off.
Do I hear an echo in here?
Close the windows.
I want a small, white dog.
My love is eternal.
It's bleeding heavily.
It's a set up!
He's bleeding to death.
I didn't look up.
I fell in the stream.
I can't wake up from this dream.
There was a river of blood spilled.
She offered me an apple.
Apply a soft touch.
Can you ask for me?
I'm feeling chipper.
How did you get those scabs?
Do not eat your scabs!
You are absolutely not allowed to leave this house.
You're grounded, mister.
Hold your head up.
Chest out!
Cat hair everywhere!
I can't tell when it's day or night.
It's so dark out there.
It's a full moon tonight.
Push off!
Catch the rope!
It's too slippery.
Pick me up.
Pink milk, pink milk!
My voice is tired.
I don't want to got to bed.
I can't tell the difference.
All she asks is that you apologize.
I've found a safe harbor.
Watch me walk into the distance.
Clean up this clutter!
The new year will bring changes.
Next year.
He just parachuted in.
No questions asked...
How common is this?
Are you seeing this?
Let me back up here.
Please explain.
I have no confidence in you.
It's so cold.
Take me.
He has nausea.
Wrap him up tight.
He's such a sweet boy.
Add no more.
Let me survey the situation.
Don't strain yourself!
I feel lightheaded.
Don't lose consciousness!
He's been huffing.
They're engaged at the moment.
What are you -- a vampire?
His elaborate designs.
Pinch a little.
I don't like this style.
I'm seeing things.
I think I have a concussion.
I was saved.
Old times!
Watch it hover!
Next time.
This weekend, I promise.
She has beautiful hair.
She bought another handbag.
I long for tenderness.
I can't peer into the future.
Ask your peers.
That was big of you.
He's a top performer.
The clouds broke before me.
Hold me closer.
Watching the clouds go by.
Hold out hope.
When evil truly dies...
I'm walking in a dream.
It's in the back of my head.
I won't be held accountable!
This tree is full of thorns!
Don't kill the vibe.
Box this up.
Can I have half a pound?
Can't you just sit awhile?
No more goodbyes.
You've hurt me deeply.
It's retro.
Should I take her?
I haven't been down there since '35.
I'm all used up.
I want to feel the sunlight on my skin.
See the sunlight on the ocean.
He bristled at the sight of me.
You can have me.
I'm lacking something.
I have my misgivings.
I must take leave.
That's an old song.
You've truly lost your way.
It's been so long...
It wasn't my suggestion.
I'll pick you up soon.
Please stop by for a visit.
I have a magical feeling.
I can't seem to touch it.
I've been bending over backwards.
Look at the moon!
There's not much time.
I feel a dark presence.
Don't represent me.
No, you don't have my approval.
Change gears.
Take this once a day.
Strengthen yourself.
You must persevere.
Stop dreaming and open your eyes.
I was sick and broken.
Raise your flag!
I was sick and lonely.
The door is coming off this.
That was exceptional.
My ear is burning.
Adjust your sights.
Change course.
I've waited all of my life.
I'm on my tiptoes!
Throw the ball!
That was close!
Did you feel a vibration?
OK, I'll allow it.
Just this once.
Can you pull yourself together?
Will I ever walk again?
I have no balance.
I'm having intense vertigo.
The trees are swaying in the wind.
Willow trees are so beautiful when they are blooming with yellow flowers.
I saw my reflection in the stream.
I can't get the station.
There's no remorse.
Do you know how to pickle?
This will kill the bacteria.
Let the dog out.
The cat wants in.
I've been married before.
Long suffering!
Based on what facts?
That pomegranate molasses is enchanted.
He crashed into a tree.
We are asked not to question.
On the authority of whom?
I need to break these chains.
Have I accidentally created a magical elixir?
Can you grill the meat?
Would you like salad?
We need to buy a grill.
No, take your time.
He's overloaded.
It won't budge!
It's getting blurry out here.
I think I'll just linger awhile.
It was effortless.
I've got a lump stuck in my throat.
Bactrian camels can survive both extremely hot and extremely cold weather.
I need to pick up the kids.
Bactrian camels have two humps on their back.
He's not on my level.
There's a tiny fragment that's broken off.
Bactrian camels served as pack animals for the caravans on the Silk Road.
Can you alphabetize these quickly?
Keep up the pace.
Bactrian camels can drink up to 57 liters of water at once.
I'm sliding.
Did you see a flash of light?
It will take awhile.
You tend to get it right.
Let it fall into place.
There's only so much time...
Search from the beginning.
He's still got a broken heart.
I discovered poetry.
Somewhere behind your eyes.
Her eyes sent me a green spark.
I feel like a leper.
Just below that ridge.
Park it here and follow me.
Just now I realized something.
Build me up and don't tear me down.
It's hard to find a reason.
I wish there could be another way.
How heartbreaking...
Blue whales are the largest animals that have ever lived on Earth.
Reach out if you need anything.
The Gobi desert is a cold desert.
Will you change your mind?
Blue whales feed on krill.
I'm disappearing into darkness again.
He found the poem and dropped the booze.
The Gobi Desert is expanding at an alarming rate.
I felt his presence near me.
She's a catch.
The penguin jumped out of the water.
What a wonderful moment.
The penguin was eaten by a polar bear.
You must make the bacteria inside you happy.
I can't take the overarching pain.
I'm scheduling a meeting for later next week.
Superconductors are materials through which electricity can flow without any resistance, when they are cooled below their critical temperature.
I'm not sure I can share.
The dolphins jumped out of the water.
I'm getting impatient.
I'm not sure I can wait much longer.
It's fallen under the bed.
I found it yesterday.
I lost my ring.
It's stuck in the tree.
I'm not sure I can descend from there.
Watch how he scrambles up the hillside.
Where's the molasses?
Only yogurt can improve this.
It's cut to the bone.
I'm in a holding zone.
Promises, promises!
What's the ransom?
I'm tongue tied.
I'm on a merry-go-round.
Dazzle your eyes on this!
He's running out of steam.
I'm not familiar with the genre.
A Christmas Carol was first published in 1843.
Tom, may I speak to you outside?
May I speak to you outside?
May I speak to you outside for a minute?
Beethoven's tempo was strange because his metronome was broken.
You left the refrigerator open!
Can I speak?
I don't need any favors.
Did you discharge a weapon?
I've been banished.
Take it easy on me.
What are the prospects?
It'll need to be configured.
Not a chance!
They fingerprinted me.
That's just brutal.
Did you find his record?
He's wanted.
He has a criminal past.
It'll be a challenge for him.
Do you think he can really change?
He's more idealistic than most.
DNA is magical.
What's your story, bud?
What can I get you, bud?
Can I exchange this?
What is your return policy?
You have a delivery.
You must disassociate yourself from them.
The secret to success is a love of language.
Don't let your vocabulary whither.
He burst into the room crying.
I like experimental rock.
Hold steady.
On the outside, you'll change your mind.
I'm feeling nothing.
Correct your course!
Your skin feels like sandpaper.
You've given yourself an autoimmune disease.
Gather his things together.
Why did it come to this?
Why must this transpire?
I cannot control my thirst, my desire...
All is forbidden here.
Abandon all hope.
Only the righteous stand erect.
He cast a shadow.
This is pitiful!
Can you quench your desire?
Open your mind and close your wallet.
It was practical at one time.
Please fold your clothes.
Have you written any new songs?
I just discovered a new band.
The dog wants to sit in the sun.
It's the simple things.
Protect me from myself.
Guide me.
He died from injuries sustained in a skateboarding accident.
They're melting!
He reached out to me.
He never called back.
I don't understand his thinking.
Where I can I find solace?
This is my sanitorium.
Wait for it.
Don't say goodbye.
Was there ever a chance?
Why do you torment me?
I met the man in my dream.
The bed is whirling around.
I crashed down the hill.
I hit every branch on the way down.
It's too steep a climb.
And now you come crawling to me?
Is this some type of black magic?
Cast out the devil, fool!
I'd like to formally apologize.
I'm sorry for your grief.
He was loved by everyone.
If only for awhile...
Let the dust settle.
Now you've stirred things up!
Are you bitter?
Can you forgive them?
Pick up the phone!
Can you call my father?
She's very sick.
She may die.
He has a real issue with pronouns.
I'm coming back soon.
We're stuck at the theater.
Do you ever think about anyone else?
What is your legacy?
Everything is dust.
I need an elixir.
I've gone lo-fi.
The rain is coming down in sheets.
The rust won't stop.
Everything is the same as it was.
Don't drown in the rain.
What's with the fascist haircut?
Try it on the other way.
I won't be around when you're in town.
I haven't the time.
The world is limitless.
Every shuffle of a card deck is unique in history of the universe.
I won't be there in time.
Clear the decks.
Who wants pancakes!
Everything down the drain.
Bend the string.
You've betrayed your family.
Add this to your stack.
Rising from the mist...
It's like I have a connection to the past.
Is this something new I should be concerned about?
Are there more features?
Is this to be expected?
I can't pronounce it.
Was it important?
He's going through a stage.
Select all contiguous sectors.
Yay! Our team won again.
Clear the field.
Are we still on for Wednesday?
He's in love with words.
I've reached my limit.
Call back.
How many slices of bacon?
We're improving over time.
Can it get better than this?
Look forward.
Can you pressure wash the sidewalks?
Those noisy leaf blowers!
The fumes are getting me.
I drove uptown.
Can you meet me downtown?
Can you buzz me in?
I like your haircut.
Are you into minimalism?
Can you show me your record collection?
Let's walk a few blocks in the snow and get Chinese food.
No, let's not get pizza.
Look at this window display.
I lost my mitton.
I'd like to forget.
The moon just stared back down at me.
Hold onto the lamppost.
My morning is clear.
Focus!
Will this cost extra?
What is this fee?
Can you remove this charge?
Was it my fault?
I was banned.
There will be an extra charge.
Will my insurance cover this?
I've stumbled.
Let's hear this new riff.
You've had a year.
It's all superimposed.
I'm supercharged!
Will there be a surcharge?
Take my hand and walk with me.
It smells like a barnyard in here.
Seal the vault.
Which time zone are you in?
Why do you get my hopes up?
I wish this would charge faster.
I'm sick of all these devices.
My blood is congealing.
Patience, my man.
Why isn't this more difficult?
Good, I'm not alone.
Yeah, baby.
Lay low.
The hour is now.
Double up.
Put it back on the shelf.
What are you trying to prove today?
My ribs are a bird cage.
What is your ultimate goal?
The end goal seems toxic to my being.
Desire is the nectar.
does he know you know
You've got a real talent for this.
Get into the raft.
Untie me.
Free your soul.
Is all right with you?
You're covered in sores.
Please, not that playlist again!
What a weird song...
Alright, OK.
Pledge your allegiance to this!
These new shoes are give me blisters.
I have high arches.
Ready for seconds?
The hours, the minutes, the seconds...
Why is this so poetic.
He eschews anything mainstream.
It is interesting how this conspiracy theory author abandons all attempts at verisimilitude.
He effortlessly spews the funniest non sequiturs I've ever heard.
Get back to the middle.
These guys are pure genius.
I hope you know that fruit juice is fattening.
He's attracted to anything to moves.
I'm not sure you understand.
Get up and stretch before we leave.
I can't wait for this song to end.
He sings like a cat caught in a fan belt.
Lord, open their eyes.
I have exclusive access to this website.
I will cherish these moments forever.
Isn't it a pity?
How do quell my righteous indignation?
Can you give back?
Between Christmas and New Years Day, there's a holiday dead zone.
It feels like heaven.
When you are sad, do something creative.
Soften your tone, please.
I will I could bottle your righteousness.
It'll be a stretch for me.
The penguin sprang out of the water.
The penguin leapt out of the water.
What is your status?
The gray sky is narcotic.
Strip off the bark.
Start a fire.
Did you drink all the milk?
Buy some more fruit.
How about some creamed chipped beef on toast?
I'll need to factor that in.
Where'd you get that 70's hair?
I know this is personal, but can I wear your underwear?
Follow my finger.
The paper's borders were singed.
I wish I could skip this.
It never occurred to me.
Sami's childhood seemed perfectly normal.
Sami has black boots.
Sami was driving a white Mitsubishi.
Sami was still lying, bleeding from a gunshot wound.
Sami set goals for himself.
Sami dove into his studies.
Sami went to a nightclub to blow off some steam.
Sami gave Layla his phone number.
Sami saw Layla on several occasions in several nightclubs.
Sami called the sheriff's department.
Sami and Layla didn't break off their engagement.
Sami was hired on the spot.
Sami became an Arabic teacher.
Sami and Layla met at a local club.
Sami's car came to a screeching halt in front of Layla's house.
Sami levelled his pistol at Layla.
Sami said it was Layla that was the aggressor, not him.
Sami was writhing in agony.
Sami was shot in the leg by his girlfriend of six years.
Sami was in total disbelief.
Sami didn't know who the female was.
Sami's visit didn't completely catch Layla by surprise.
Sami didn't seem he had any remorse.
Sami pulled his gun out of fear.
Sami was in danger.
Sami gave both Layla and Salima engagement rings.
Sami has just reached his breaking point.
Sami fired the gun in a fit of rage.
Sami faced an automatic term of life in prison if convicted.
Sami did it in self-defense.
Sami shot Layla in a very sensitive area.
Sami finally took the stand.
Sami seemed to realize the seriousness of the situation.
Sami fired his weapon.
Sami was his father's pride and joy.
Sami discovered his father's terrible secret.
Sami's father is a serial killer.
Sami's road trips became a killing spree.
Sami was a murderer with a notorious nickname.
Sami's father was a monster.
Sami did the unthinkable.
Sami is talking the longest walk in his life.
Sami lives in the country.
Sami lives in a small community where the West still lives.
Sami bought Layla shiny new snow boots.
Sami ran up to his father and gave him a hug.
Sami found kittens in the barn.
Sami was working by the barn.
Sami grabbed the kittens by the tail.
Sami was a sociopath.
Sami spent his youth in Egypt.
Sami took Layla to the grocery store.
Sami was talking about his sexual acts with other women.
Sami was proud of his sexual experiences.
Sami and Layla had a conversation at a diner.
Sami made confessions over the phone.
Sami grew up in British Columbia, Canada.
Sami took Layla to see the waterfall.
Sami disposed of his first victim in the woods.
Sami told us how he did that in his own words.
Sami met Layla in a bar.
Sami did not become a suspect.
Sami embarked on a killing spree.
Sami recounted the details of his crimes with a chilling lack of emotion.
Sami wasn't a stranger to Layla.
Sami's body was discovered dumped over a highway embankment in Ontario.
Sami denied any involvement in Layla's death.
Sami received a telephone message from Layla.
Sami threw Layla's purse in the woods.
Sami banned any kind of media into his home.
Sami has got contusions.
Sami can never erase these memories.
Sami was wearing a prison outfit.
Sami got a creepy feeling.
Sami decided to keep his distance.
Sami sent Layla a birthday card.
Sami decided to take a brave step.
Sami came out of the shadows and shared his story.
Sami is somehow responsible for Layla's actions.
Sami and Layla had a lot in common.
Sami and Layla shared a common bond.
Sami got the e-mail this morning.
Sami likes this TV series.
Sami expressed his condolences.
Sami had a hard time making eye contact with Layla.
Sami unleashed his emotions.
Sami was met with anger.
Sami still feels unworthy of forgiveness.
Sami's body was found in a remote corner of Ontario, Canada.
Sami Bakir is one of the FBI's most experienced criminal profilers.
Sami spent six years in the FBI's behavioral analysis unit.
I called her three times.
Sami asked the DA to take another look at that case.
Sami listened to Layla's presentation.
He prefers even numbers.
Sami was shaking from the cold.
Travel is exhausting.
Sami's body was found in the irrigation canal.
Sami had an insatiable appetite for everything.
Give it time.
Sami's death is a medical mystery.
Sami is in the hot seat himself.
Sami Bakir has been following this case from the very start.
Sami is looking for his ball.
Sami is a meth addict.
Sami was placed in foster care at age six.
Sami called an ambulance.
Sami saw no improvement in Layla's condition.
Sami has arrived in the clinic.
Sami ate soup.
Sami ate two bowls of the soup.
Sami lied in a coma.
Sami was taken by police for questioning.
Sami is Layla's stepdad.
Sami's mattress is outside.
Sami's favorite superhero is Spiderman.
Sami used unsual forms of punishment.
Sami had a torture chamber at home.
Sami made Layla eat 10 spoons of hot pepper.
Sami saw a porcupine in his backyard.
Sami was not a difficult child to take care of.
Sami told the jury the exact opposite.
Sami had a real obsession with eating.
Sami ate a dozen eggs.
Sami has a rare eating disorder.
Sami ate six bananas.
Sami ate a jar of pickles.
Sami ate things out of the trash.
Sami scratched his heel so much that it started to bleed.
Sami smeared the chocolate all over the wall.
Sami smeared feces everywhere.
Sami made Layla drink this horrible concoction.
Sami held Layla's mouth open.
Sami hurt others with his tongue.
Sami did that for a minute.
Sami was in the pantry.
Sami's testimony was never heard by the jury.
Sami was having a tantrum.
Sami's son was unsupervised for a brief period of time during which he ate an enormous amount of salt.
Sami said that Layla had a history of depression.
Sami withheld medical treatment in an effort to kill Layla.
Sami talked to the prosecutor.
Sami is a child development specialist.
Sami is a pediatrician.
Sami said Layla abused prescription drugs.
Sami drinks wine.
Sami's drinking influenced his conduct.
Sami wasn't the only businessman in the spotlight.
Sami's appeal was denied.
Sami is watching TV.
Sami has been doing some growing up.
Sami and Layla got back together just in time for Christmas.
Sami wrote a poem for Layla.
Sami robbed banks with Farid.
Sami is a toy inventor.
Sami can spot fakes.
Sami buys toys from this store.
Sami is a security guard.
Sami worked in an area surrounded by government buildings.
Sami has a taser.
Sami was involved in an illegal activity.
Sami was surrounded by a hostile crowd.
Sami had a Smith & Wesson.
Sami is a security officer.
Sami looks like Rambo.
Sami's tactics are completely wrong.
Sami's fight eventually landed on Youtube.
Sami works for a big department store.
Sami got the last laugh.
Sami started a blog.
Sami and Layla swapped their stories about customers.
Sami hid in the stock room.
Sami spilled his drink in the store.
Sami found a condom in the toilet.
Sami wanted to exact his revenge.
Sami called the customer service.
Sami is a savings guru.
Sami owned a chain of stores.
Sami bought the same items from six different stores.
Sami invited Layla back for an even bigger discount.
Sami buried the treasure in his backyard.
Sami bought a pair of jeans.
Sami was using a new smartphone app.
Sami used the app.
Tom is a Pastafarian.
Tom believes heaven has a beer volcano and a factory producing strippers.
Tom has made great choices today and has been a great helper at tidy up time.
Tom independently cut out and ordered the pictures.
Tom was diagnosed with autism when he was three years old.
The guitar sound effect is drilling into my mind.
I've heard better music from power tools.
I will defeat my adversaries with karmic forces.
Tom is watching me work.
Tom looks at her without saying anything.
He did not like swimming.
Adam has to worry about himself.
Tom read the contract in secret.
I do not like reading beer labels.
I do not like beer.
At last the game is up.
At last the jig is up.
According to set theory, I do not like the set of all beers -- namely, this one in particular.
They thought that Tom is sleeping.
God protect you.
I'm going to make coffee. Do you want some, too?
I'm going to make coffee. Do you want some, too?
Sami ate two bowls of soup.
Sami ate two bowls of soup.
Alcohol disinhibits.
He loves her and loves me.
Tom seemed distracted lately.
Mary seemed distracted lately.
I had enough fun with Tatoeba, I have to go to sleep.
You've seemed distracted lately.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anyone else.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anything else.
No one has ever made me feel like this before.
I want you more than I've ever wanted anything in my life.
I want you, Mary, more than I've wanted anyone or anything in my life.
I love you more than I've ever loved anyone.
Life is too short to be miserable.
We were crazy for each other.
They were crazy for each other.
Tom and Mary are crazy for each other.
Tom and Mary are crazy.
Tom treated Mary like a princess.
Tom treated me like a princess.
His lips brushed hers.
When my lungs are not blackened by the cigarettes, they are by pollution.
Tom likes to watch old movies.
Mary came by for a very short visit.
Try to see!
I received a letter that was written a week ago.
Parliament must now support the motion.
Mary lent me her car, but she forgot to give me the keys.
Tom was reading a book while listening to music.
As a child, Mary read a lot of books.
Have you read all his poems?
Did you read the entire report?
Tom has not finished reading this book.
My grandfather made me read this book.
Tom will not be able to help you do that today.
We take care of the neighbor's dog in their absence.
Tom is getting hungry.
Mary sat down at the desk and began to write.
Tom spends his time gardening and writing.
Anger made him boil.
Tom cannot assume this responsibility.
Select the correct answer!
He often plays stone-paper-scissors.
You, for modesty, do not fear anyone, no?
How many pipes does this organ have?
The batter for crepes is made of eggs, flour, butter, milk and sugar.
I don't want to disappoint my dad.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his parents.
Tom didn't want to disappoint his mother.
At home everything is early, both talent and baldness.
I took advantage of the stay to restore my health.
I brought you some berries.
Sorry, I misunderstood you.
I know this is difficult to accept.
This is not a good time to hang out.
Tom weighs himself every morning.
Tom waited for a favorable time.
Mary weighs herself every morning.
Tom chose the right moment.
Tom has to go to bed early.
You scared the bejesus out of me.
Tom scared the holy bejesus out of me.
Dying, on the other hand, might be better than asking for forgiveness.
There's no reason to be nervous.
Impatience is killing Tom.
Many birds can die due to a heat wave.
Her ambition pushed her to work hard.
I brought some pizza.
The room was littered with empty pizza boxes.
We squeeze the orange and throw away the rind.
Tom loves her to death.
Tom sealed the letter with wax.
Tom sold the book for 10 euros.
Tom sealed the letter with wax using his signet ring.
You must read the book several times.
I hope you will participate in many of them.
Mary cannot open the door.
Tom rang and Mary came to open,
Are you busy at the moment?
We spend Christmas with our children.
Tom loves to ski.
Go quickly for help!
Tom's back suddenly seized up.
Call a doctor quickly!
Suddenly my back seized up.
Older people are more prone to injury.
Older athletes are more likely to get injured.
As we age, our bodies become weaker and don't heal themselves as quickly as they used to.
I am a woman, not a girl.
Tom has washboard abs.
Today, I do not have housework to do.
Tom must unfortunately contradict you.
Tom skied down the slope.
Tom is a member of the ski patrol.
Tom dusted the snow from his pants.
Tom dusted the snow from his jacket.
Tom dusted the snow from the sleeves of his jacket.
Blushing after making a mistake will not fix it.
I'd like to learn how to ski.
The snow sparkled.
I wasn't hungry anyway.
Mary ran to get a doctor.
You can always run!
Tom is worried about the upcoming exam.
Tom went snowmobiling with Mary.
Don't go too far into the woods.
Tom's forehead touched mine.
I've never skied before.
Tom had never skied before.
You don't know what he did to me.
You don't know what Tom did to me.
You don't know what she did to me.
Tom and Mary rode on the ski lift together.
Tom is a ski patroller.
Tom is a member of the Canadian Ski Patrol.
Tom leaned on his ski poles.
Do you know how to ski?
Rudolph has a red nose.
These thermal socks will keep your feet warm.
Tom and Mary sat by the fireplace.
Have it your way then.
Tom fell through the ice into the frigid water.
Tom fell through the ice into the icy water.
Tom struggled to lift himself out of the freezing water.
Tom gave his dog a hug.
Tom fell asleep on top of the covers.
Tom is a fearless skier.
Tom is an expert skier.
Tom took ski lessons.
Do I hear a bit of jealousy?
Mary seemed upset.
For the first time, his expertise was put to the test.
The candles will be lit at midnight.
Could you, please, lend me your car tomorrow?
Mary would be a very good merchant.
I should never have borrowed money from him.
Tom will not let him believe it's better than it really is.
Tom went to get some fresh air.
Tom would like to leave now.
Tom fears tickling.
I'll go greet him tomorrow.
I will pursue my dreams.
Mary sends her son to buy bread from the bakery.
Send the photos by post!
Next Saturday I have to go to Paris.
Tom would like to go to the movies with you.
How are we going?
Tom did it to annoy his neighbors.
Now it's your turn to play.
Tom threw himself on me.
Tom dove into the food.
There, you are mistaken!
Tom was watching him sow salad.
Tom was not in the mood to laugh.
The table is painted white.
I enclose a photo.
We cannot reach Tom at the moment.
Everything suggests that Tom will be re-elected
Tom will fish for eel.
It only thing that remains is for Tom to abandon this idea.
It was something extraordinary.
In your entire life, you never have seen such a thing.
The fog rises.
Tom tries to get up.
Tom is chewing his fingernails over rejecting this advantageous offer.
They work to correct this defect.
Although Mary is sick, she will work.
Tom is just playing.
It's my turn!
Tom was very careful for fear of making a mistake.
What happened to your project?
Mary has just seen a pretty dress.
Mary bought a new dress.
I sold my bike to Tom.
I will sell my car.
I took Tom in my car.
The path winds along the road.
Do you have something to complain about?
It should work.
Do not be afraid, everything will be fine!
The wine cellar is too small.
There is a birth in the family.
In his face!
In your face!
I took a lot of it.
I took it full face.
I was smashed in the face.
I put a cleat in his mouth.
I put a cleat to him.
Finally, you're back.
He called me the same day.
You will not change Tom's mind.
Tom goes to the market.
The ordered item will be delivered to you by mail.
Sales of this commodity are off to a good start.
Beautiful minds meet.
Confused thoughts haunt Tom's head.
Tom dismissed this thought.
Tom's thoughts wandered.
Do you still need of me? Or can I go to sleep?
I got a kiss from him in response.
I will not prove anything.
A torrent of rain fell all night.
Tom spends his money as he wins.
Tom was invited to come and have a beer at the local bistro.
In a pinch, Tom can do without wine, but not coffee.
Mary was quick to sell her flowers.
The car is parked on the sidewalk.
Tom is considered the candidate with the best chance of winning.
Luck left him.
His chances have improved significantly.
The company does not have a good chance of survival.
Tom wants to change society.
Thomas has an athletic build.
It could be nice.
Confused thoughts haunt Tom's head
Tom lacks patience.
Would you have a daisy for me?
He stared at her with his dark eyes.
Mary gave him a reproaching look.
She leaned forward, offering a breathtaking view of her cleavage.
We were drinking a lot.
Why did not you tell him earlier?
I sulk.
Mary's heart started beating wildly.
Go ahead tell me.
Come help me decorate the tree.
We do not have a fir tree.
Excuse me, I would like to purchase a piccolo.
We are an exclusive piccolo supplier for the entire west coast.
I sell piccolos.
I've insured my rare 17th century piccolo.
I found your piccolo broken in the street.
Quick, hide this piccolo!
Stop that flautist!
Several insurgent flautists attacked our armored column with Jethro Tull covers and rocket propelled grenades.
The Netherlands are the second largest global exporter of food by dollar value after the United States.
Tom is training for a marathon.
The video quickly went viral.
Sami was a huge romantic.
Sami went there with that intent.
Sami was up to no good.
Sami was up to no good.
Sami paid for his loyalty to Layla with his life.
Sami took Layla to trial.
Sami was a gentle giant.
Sami was well liked in the community.
Sami and Layla were involved in a fairly typical marital struggle.
Sami is having an affair with a co-worker.
Sami smothered Layla with a pillow.
Sami left no trace.
Sami's gun was still in his bedroom.
Sami slept on the couch in the living room.
Sami had watched a basketball game the night before.
Sami was given a polygraph exam.
Sami was absolutely having an affair with his secretary.
Sami and Layla intended to divorce their spouses and start a new life together.
Sami celebrated his graduation.
Sami is an activist.
The news spread like wildfire.
The rumor spread like wildfire.
Mary was dressed all in white.
Tom wore a white tennis outfit.
Mary wore a white tennis outfit and white tennis shoes.
Mary didn't want to disappoint her mother.
Mary didn't want to disappoint her father.
Mary didn't want to disappoint her parents.
Tom was most insistent.
Tom tipped the waitress.
Mary wore the same dress she had worn the previous day.
Mary was dressed all in white, except for a pink ribbon in her hair.
Aren't your forgetting something?
Tom was evicted from his apartment.
Tom wore a yellow tennis headband.
We could have gotten caught.
Tom sent Mary a telegram.
The interior of the cabin was cozy and warm.
It didn't take long for word to get around.
I'll fix you something to eat while you take a shower.
I feel like life is passing me by.
Sometimes, I feel like life is passing me by.
NASA is collaborating with a well-known doll and book company to inspire children to dream big and reach for the stars.
"It is so important to find exciting new ways to inspire our next generation of space explorers," said Megan McArthur, a NASA astronaut.
I always want to encourage girls and boys to pursue their dreams, no matter how big.
American Girl is known for their series of dolls created to encourage girls to think about who they want to be when they grow up.
In temperatures that can drop below -20 degrees Fahrenheit, along a route occasionally blocked by wind-driven ice dunes, a hundred miles from any other people, a team led by two NASA scientists will survey an unexplored stretch of Antarctic ice.
Blue Origin successfully launched its New Shepard reusable space vehicle on Dec. 12 carrying a medical technology that could potentially treat chest trauma in a space environment.
Mary was spoiled.
Mary had everything a girl could ever want.
Tom had everything a boy could ever want.
Tom was a spoiled child.
Tom was spoiled by his parents, especially his mother.
Tom did not have an easy childhood.
Tom's father remarried after his mother passed away.
Tom's father remarried after a few years.
Tom did not get along well with his new stepmother.
Tom's mother remarried very soon after his father's death.
Tom turned his horse around.
Tell Tom to meet me there.
You're welcome to stay here.
Tom's parents never spent time with him.
I guess that's one way of looking at it.
Tom helps Mary with her homework sometimes.
I told you to never speak to me again.
I have to see this through.
It was only a few days until Christmas.
Tom played the Christmas tree in the school play.
At least let me buy you a drink.
He brought his lips to her ear.
I got your goat.
Mary got Tom's goat.
I heard a very interesting rumor.
I heard a rumor about you.
Is that a gun or are you just glad to see me?
I want to buy a saloon.
This needs correction.
Patience, Mary, patience...
What a blimp!
All I could think about was Tom.
All I could think about was Mary.
So nice of you to visit.
It's just a blip on a screen.
My robot won't stop beeping.
Meet my robotic pig.
Please do not break dance in the break room.
I'll need to study.
Rumor has it that Tom and Mary are friends again.
Rumor has it that Tom and Mary are friends again.
Tom has a cult-like following.
I should have told you the truth in the first place.
"I should have told you the truth in the first place." "Then why didn't you?"
Tom was reading a book on his e-reader.
I can't wait for Christmas day.
Tom was the brains behind the entire operation.
It turned out that Mary was the brains behind the entire operation.
I warned you about Tom.
I warned you about her.
Tom's school has a zero-tolerance policy.
Tom was spoiled rotten.
Mary was spoiled rotten.
They kissed slowly at first.
Watch the movie and be quiet!
Mary placed a plate stacked with pancakes on the table.
We ate pancakes and maple syrup for breakfast.
Mary didn't get along well with her new stepmother.
You have grapes.
"Whose chair is this?" "Mine."
Now I'll tell you the truth.
Three people died in the car accident.
I have one last question!
By whom was the company founded?
Could you make me an offer?
At the bottom of my garden, grow a tree.
Tom is committed to ratifying the decisions made by Mary.
I would be eager to buy a house.
Could we meet?
I enjoy good health.
I was surprised by your letter.
The phone is very used.
We have common tastes.
Will you allow me?
I would have liked to talk with you.
I hope it's not just a curiosity.
There was in my house a feeling that the evening ended too soon.
Tell me, if I can see you again.
Tom's father never remarried.
Tom asked for a refund.
Your message made me happy.
Do not make fun of me, I am sincere.
I would like to see you again!
We chatted together.
We danced together.
I do not think Tom has a dog.
What do you have in your hands?
It's not a real diamond.
I am not in a state to drink such sweet coffee.
I cannot drink coffee this sweet.
Tom is forced to give up his job.
That's bad news...
I went hiking and now I have a friction rash from wearing an ankle brace.
The bucket is full.
The guitarist found fame by wearing a fried-chicken bucket on his head at concerts.
He dreamed of being a professional wrestler.
He was hard to pin down.
What are you smoking?
The submission was flagged automatically.
Tom went to my room.
I share a bunk bed with Tom.
Tom is noisy.
Tom's legs were crushed.
Tom only likes soft drinks.
Tom needs a new liver.
Tom donated one-third of his liver, his wife left him, and then he drank himself to death.
Those old memories of junk food are nice to revisit.
It can't be solved.
It's not practical at the moment.
I have the best ideas.
I'm not popular in the office.
I spilled coffee on my desk.
I sneezed and coffee went everywhere.
Is this a good time to speak?
Dang near killed 'em.
And this little piggy went to market.
Tom's classmates called him "Peeping Tom".
Tom is not in the mood to joke.
Tom was not joking around when fired 5 shots into their car.
Tom spends a lot of his free time reading about road rage incidents.
Tom has many pet turtles.
Turtles don't usually battle to the death, but Tom's do.
Tom made a beeping sound when Mary backed out of the cramped aisle.
Tom likes to play practical jokes on Mary.
Mary will often poison Tom's food.
Tom suddenly found no pleasure in his new hobby.
Tom was pulled over the second he crossed state lines.
Tom's whole identity is wrapped up in his automobile.
The marketers know Tom too well.
Put on your "burd" shirt, daddy!
He wears the same shirt everyday, and I wonder why.
He's somewhere on the spectrum.
Do an advanced search for "I don't care".
She has the thirteenth apple.
Pardon me, but do you have any fancy mustard?
These hiking clothes have made me an extremely dangerous source of static electricity.
Everyone, their childhood, used to shuffle in their socks on the carpet and then discharge a spark of static electricity on the cat's nose.
Half empty or half full? He's full of it!
If you're a musical genius, be wary of the political implications of your statements.
Don't ridicule my cause!
I bought a new scarf.
This is a reissue.
Do you collect vinyl records?
Have you heard the term Neo-Victorian?
I think the pizza's here.
The pizza's here!
The pizza man is here!
Tom and Mary were waiting for the pizza to arrive.
I already ordered the pizza.
I need a bandage.
The pizza should be here any minute.
This is too salty.
Not so much salt!
They switched the sugar for the salt in the recipe and the results were horrible!
I'd like to purchase a puppy for my daughter.
When is the right moment to ask?
Excuses will get me far.
OK, enough already!
What was the point of all of this?
I'm impartial.
Tom scratched his cheek.
I love the French language!
Such a beautiful day. Just add coffee!
I'm sorry. There must be some mistake. I didn't order pizza.
I love you infinity to the power of infinity.
Don't hog all the room.
Microwave popcorn is very unhealthy.
She is very sick and needs an operation.
Let's schedule a time.
There are so many mistakes to be made.
I'll be standing on the corner waiting.
I'm waving at you. Do you see me?
Tom paid for the pizza.
I'm across the square in front of the record store!
Tom, the pizza's here.
Stop throwing pebbles against my window.
Why don't you do the honors?
Tom, why don't you do the honors?
I want chocolate everything!
Tom put on a fresh pair of pants and a clean T-shirt.
She has a special organ just for digesting chocolate.
We can only afford to pay you in chocolate coins.
I'm really not sure this will work.
Take his temperature.
Tom could feel the heat of the pizza through the cardboard box.
Tom opened the pizza box.
Tom stayed in the ski lodge while Mary went skiing.
Where's your sense of adventure?
It was a sunny day.
We should probably head back.
Tom looked up from his laptop screen.
Tom decided to ski, rather than snowboard.
Do you want parmesan cheese?
Do you want pepper?
Thank you so much for dinner.
Kiss my ass!
Boop! Got you on your nose. You'll have to be faster than that.
Wanna go?
S'up?
Yo, dog...
Not even!
Gag me with a spoon.
Grody to the max.
I'm so sure.
No duh, man.
Totally radical, man.
That'd be righteous, dude.
Take a chill pill.
What's your damage?
Gag me.
Your teachers are totally harsh.
Tom is a total hoser.
Tom is such a poser.
What a spazz. Tom can't even get the easiest rebounds.
He's a total wastoid.
Wicked! Your car did a total flip.
Tight! No parents will be home the whole weekend.
Schweet! We can drink all these beers I found.
Sick! That new paint job is awesome.
Big time...
She's totally bodacious.
What a dweeb!
Burn! You totally didn't see that coming.
Barf! What the hell are you wearing?
Wicked jumps, dude.
Tom got to 3rd base with Mary.
Mary's such an airhead, dude.
I'm, like, totally amped.
Bag your face!
Barf me out.
Bite me.
Don't bogart that joint, dude.
I just got some new bootleg tapes.
There's Mary's new boy toy.
I totally need to bulk up.
You car is, like, butt ugly.
Admit it. You're a couch potato.
Is this crucial?
That was dank.
We're in deep shit now.
She's a total ditz.
And in this class we have all the druggies.
I am fully convinced.
Tell me who you follow on Twitter, and I'll tell you who you are.
Tom would do well to follow his recommendations.
That's enough now!
You have carte blanche, you can do what you want.
The girl frowns.
The water level rises very quickly.
The snow did not stop falling.
I want to decorate the tree.
I'm afraid of falling in love with you.
Thomas often told me about you.
I am sorry. It was stupid of me.
Thomas slapped him on the shoulder.
For the love of God, help me!
This country is falling to pieces.
Today I went to the pool with a friend.
I know this place like the back of my hand.
You do not have to talk to him if you do not want to.
You do not have to talk to me that way!
You do not have to talk to me.
We do not have to talk about that.
I do not know why I said that.
Tom recommended me these books.
"The picture is just a bit too far to the right." "Like this?" "That was a little too much."
Is your house in front of the bank?
If you doubt what you see, how can you say what you say?
You need to start an elimination diet.
An idle mind is the devil's workshop.
Idleness is the enemy of the soul.
Idleness is the mother of all vices.
It is at the foot of the wall that we know the mason.
You can paint a flower, but what about it's odor?
One must learn to obey to know how to command.
To be tall, you must have been small.
The river can be dry, it keeps its name.
If he comes, I'll ask him the question.
You have a complicated name. I noted it so as not to forget it.
Who will correct my mistakes?
I know the correct answer.
Who will correct my mistakes?
It's a beautiful house that you have there. Did you buy it or build it yourself?
We must preserve his remaining works.
Does she know that?
Is he implicated?
What will be the new standard?
Why is he indifferent?
I never knew.
What a puzzle.
It's just so vast.
We bought a new place in the country.
The dogs are having fun.
How about a play date next Sunday?
Bring your dogs.
Your dogs are invited, too.
Sorry to scare you.
OK, I'm going out. I'll be back.
Shut the hood.
Shut the truck.
It's flooded.
It won't turn over.
You need a new starter.
It's the alternator.
Be careful on gravel roads.
All the things you saw were hallucinations.
Are they already there?
Enough with these accent marks!
Accent marks ahead!
He has a New Jersey accent.
Are they already here?
Concord brings forward small things, discord ruins the great ones.
I would like to know what happened.
Is all your money in the bank?
I asked Mary if she had ever kissed a boy.
I asked Thomas if he had ever kissed a girl.
Oh! This is so cute!
Cat!
Advanced!
What a balance!
Atmosphere.
Hmm.
Hunky-dory!
Blarney!
Slowly!
It ends!
Hello Madam!
Hello Master!
Tame me!
What impudence!
Move on!
I fail.
Sound the trumpet!
Do you want to bet?
Nothing more.
Look at you!
Save me!
So much better!
It's windy!
Shitting myself.
Please go!
Want to go out!
Please listen!
Happy New Year!
Good evening, madam!
Such a long time!
What a gun!
What a trifle!
What envy!
What an angel!
What people!
What a clamor!
What crazy!
What a ding-a-ling!
What a wacko!
About.
He exaggerates!
Forever!
Suck me!
I'd like to know what happened to Tom.
You miss.
You miss!
Be blessed!
It unblocks!
He drools.
It's crazy!
After you!
Sort this out yourself.
Go, trace!
Well, go ahead!
Chop-chop!
It's creepy.
It's blowing.
Why are you drinking coffee at midnight?
I love garlic!
I love onions!
My stomach cannot tolerate garlic or onions.
My profile pic will not upload.
Don't badger me!
Little Miss So-And-So.
Get funky!
Get down on the dance floor.
You should be dancing, yeah!
It is indeed in this city that I was born sixty years ago.
Have you put all your savings in the bank?
"Come with me," she said, holding out her hand.
"Come with me," he said, holding out his hand.
The weather was gloomy.
Thomas lay down in the grass and closed his eyes.
He must have slipped something into my glass.
I'm fine, I understand.
Mary began to chuckle.
I'm having the filet mignon.
I'll have the Rigatoni alla Siciliana with the gluten-free pasta.
What's the easiest Romance language to learn?
I've got to get up early tomorrow.
So much to do!
Contrary to popular belief and the propaganda of villainous oligarchs, there's plenty of space on earth for all of us.
Possessing money does not equate with wisdom.
God help your souls!
It's really so cute.
Mary stretched like a cat.
Stop acting.
He stared at her with a burning look.
He was not spoiled by life.
The stench of censorship will spell the end of the oligarchy.
Retro! Nice outfit! What is that: disco?
"My life is a sitcom," said Mary.
How many chickens did you count?
Don't bother with Paleo "butter coffee".
His hobby is creating new fad diets.
Prepare to be pleasantly surprised.
Tom put on a clean T-shirt.
Your jeans are dirty.
Tom washed his face.
Bring one for me, too.
This is my son, Tom.
This is my daughter, Mary.
Tom pulled his cowboy hat down to conceal his face.
He could not resist teasing her.
She could not resist teasing him.
Tom could not resist teasing Mary.
Tom helped Mary escape the paparazzi.
Tom opened his arms to hug me.
Mary opened her arms to hug me.
What's wrong? Are you okay?
Although you don't know me, I do have many pictures of you on my computer.
This here is something, but that there is nothing.
Don't put your hands in the spokes.
I should open a restaurant.
Today is our last day in Hanoi.
I don't watch American football.
Should I turn left, right, or go straight?
What was that last thing you said?
And the problem is?
They're going to open another restaurant just like this, but with a beach view.
This restaurant specializes in seafood.
Please don't talk about Russian potato salad! I'm so hungry.
I love dill pickles!
What? Pickles are made from cucumbers? Get out!
Tom has been accused of multiple lies.
Mary had a flu.
Tom is constantly seized.
A young and charming gentleman offered me a candy.
This story is old as the world.
They picked up the old papers.
It was the good old days.
The young lawyer came to fetch his fiancee to take him to dinner.
The young lawyer already has a large clientele.
Tom has never been young.
Tom rang. A girl came to open.
It was impossible to be understood.
Tom had the most absurd ideas.
It was unfortunately impossible for us to prevail.
What you are asking me is quite impossible.
It is physically impossible to control the whole world.
When did you get this idea?
Why do you want to earn more?
Last week we worked day and night.
Where do your ancestors come from?
Happy Birthday! By the way, how old were you?
Tom can always wait!
Tom is also swimming freestyle.
Tom is swimming against the current.
Tom is swimming very well with the butterfly stroke.
Why do secrets fascinate us?
First Tom went swimming, then he went shopping.
The doctor has no office hours on Monday morning.
I am very grateful that you did not plan to retire.
I have one last question: how many liters of wine are produced by you each year?
Did I understand correctly that you will be giving an interview on the radio tomorrow?
Pierre still believes in Santa Claus. On the other hand, his son does not believe anymore.
Tom made a space ship out of cardboard boxes.
One shouldn't bring a samurai sword to work unless one is a samurai.
We celebrate Christmas on December 25th.
Between Christmas and the new year, Mary and Tom go skiing.
The day after Christmas it snowed.
Where, when, to where, from where, why, to what purpose, and how?
For Christmas, we will be in the mountains.
At Christmas the whole family meets.
The pope reads his Christmas message.
Tom and Mary decorated the Christmas tree with multicolored balls.
All you saw was a hallucination.
Tom exchanges Christmas gifts.
Tom is trading Christmas items.
Christmas is coming!
She felt trapped.
He never tried to do it with me.
She never tried to do it with me.
You are really so bad.
But you're really bad.
The two men clashed upon seeing each other.
Mary called her mother to tell her the good news.
I do not know what to think of all that.
Thomas was red like a lobster.
I do not even have a penny.
I do not know if I did well enough to get accepted.
Does it recycle?
Let's stop here and buy a map.
Do you sell maps?
Do you have the map?
Where is the map?
What time will you arrive?
What time does your flight land?
Have you made reservations?
Your flight was cancelled.
My flight was cancelled.
We have to reschedule.
Green, yellow, and red peppers are all the same species. The color of the pepper depends on how long it is allowed to grow on the plant.
The reservations were cancelled.
Fog has grounded all flights at the airport.
We're in a holding pattern.
We'll be landing soon.
Just the first time was exciting.
Does this map have a legend?
He must have eaten a peanut because now he is in shock.
Don't eat peanuts and then kiss her. You'll kill her.
Hot dogs, nuts and seeds, chunks of meat or cheese, whole grapes, hard/gooey or sticky candy, popcorn, chunks of peanut butter, raw vegetables, raisins, chewing gum, and marshmallows are known choking hazards for children.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain. We are now at cruising altitude.
Let the sauce thicken first, but keep an eye on it and keep stirring.
Let's find out which paper towel is the sturdiest.
Having these STD pamphlets strewn here on the coffee table sure is an inhibitor.
We may have just enough leeway in the negotiations to get the project approved.
Who were Genghis Khan's first biographers?
I used to make ash trays in a kiln at school.
I'm going to run around like a headless chicken cleaning up this place because my girlfriend is coming over this evening.
The surface-to-air missile intercepted the ninth fighter.
I have a one-track mind. All I can think about is skiing.
The windchill factor makes your exposure on the mountain very dangerous.
We need to institutionalize the testing of organic products.
All the organic matter in the compost pile is decomposing.
Elderly people usually buy ranch-style houses to avoid the danger of climbing stairs.
The chemical engineers made a substance that smells like a wet dog chewing bubble gum.
I'm being victimized by all these boring sitcoms.
Predictably, when she is too hungry to think and her mind has run out of glucose, she makes me pick the restaurant.
The game console beckons me.
The snake engulfs prey entirely by unhinging his jaw.
I selectively don't like kids at school by their choice of death metal bands.
I did a cost-benefit analysis on ordering a large pepperoni pizza.
Set down your bags. Unburden yourself.
We all have our secretions, which will remain secret.
I'd rather have a multiple-personality disorder than -- er, umm, hello, my name is Gunter.
I hope that third pizza obliterates her diet. What a bitch.
Please, I beg of you, do not use the phrase "stone-cold sober" ever again in any song lyrics.
I began to marginalize the pepperoni on the pizza by devouring it selectively based on its protein index.
I began to stake out my territorial waters in the sorority house's hot tub.
The cat runs a minimum security prison on the couch. If the dog jumps up, she bats him down.
The man in the street is eating pizza and actually thinks voting machines are OK.
Thousand island dressing can be made of mayonnaise, ketchup, and sweet pickle relish.
We put the cat on a vegan diet. She became clinically depressed and died.
The editors of this magazine run a correctional facility.
I'll continue working for free as long as you don't pay me.
This floor wax also makes a good dip.
Please stop punishing us with your "wisdom".
Fruit juice is very unhealthy.
The sucrose molecule is comprised of glucose and fructose.
What's going on, my dear?
Mary unfastened the hooks on her bra.
This yogurt dip is completely overrated!
"My diet is ruined," she cried as tears splashed off the pepperoni.
Thomas slid his hands behind his back to unclasp his bra.
In one minute it will be midnight.
Thomas is built like a Mach truck.
He is a true colossus.
Finally, I do not think it's a good idea.
I do not want to talk about that now.
You would not have ten minutes?
Great! Now we can have one giant global police state.
Where did you hide the candy bars?
He is a football player.
He's a football player.
Oh, where is your advanced search now?
Self-reference this!
The database is full.
We're offline.
We're online.
I bought a bottle of black currant syrup today.
Tomorrow's breakfast served in a bowl: yogurt, walnuts, date molasses, more yogurt, strawberries, pistachios, whipped cream, and topped off with a drizzle of black currant syrup.
Man your battle stations.
I wish I could sleep in a warm cup of coffee.
Ah, shucks! My horse lost!
Freeze-frame!
Believe! Or die sinner!
I lost my book.
Let's call the lost and found office at the airlines.
I've left my jacket on the plane.
There is nothing like the smell of garlic cooking.
Garlic and pomegranate are best friends in the kitchen.
In a rage, Tom violently made pancakes, fracturing his wrist in the process.
Tom stood in the entrance, glaring menacingly at Mary.
No amount of alcohol could repair Tom's broken heart.
He'd finally forgotten her name.
Tom was charged with domestic violence after he tossed a biscuit at Mary.
Do you have the sales slip?
Do you have any gluten free items on your menu?
I got this spoon from a cereal box as a kid.
Why don't you just pump gluten up my ass? OK, one more pancake.
Can I have a bowl of water soup for my dog?
Don't forget that we bought pomegranates.
Tom acquired a service turtle. Shortly thereafter, his life was cut short.
Police officer: "So your name is 'Howard Johnson's McDonalds Penera Bread Smith'?" Drunk me: "Yes."
You must eat breakfast before you go to school.
Get your suspenders online.
Why do sentences in Japanese look so weird?
Do you see the girl wearing black silk dress? It's my daughter.
Steal a penny, you're a thief. Steal thousands, you're a financier.
It's a miracle!
Capitulate!
Immediately!
Glacial.
Sacrilege!
Small.
Keep.
Sold!
Telephone!
Regrettably!
Think!
Patience!
Pretty.
Unimaginable!
Unthinkable!
Inconceivable!
What a nut!
What a catastrophe!
Be brave!
Have courage!
Prudence, prudence!
Is it on the map?
Does anyone else know?
It's none of their business!
I walk the world alone.
The information desk is other there.
Why does this happen to me?
What else can I help you with?
When was the last time you experienced this pain?
Would you like to contribute?
Any volunteers?
Don't smoke in here!
Put it out!
Please do the dishes.
I'm washing clothes today.
I wish I knew better.
What a relief!
We bought a commercial washing machine for our home because we wanted the durability it offers.
Against all odds.
It's the principle of it that concerns me.
Don't turn your back to the ocean.
The wave broke her nose.
I got caught in a rip tide.
Where's my life vest?
Any takers?
Will there be a test?
This is a lot of work.
If I'd only known.
How perverse!
Does it already exist?
It's the old shell game.
He gives back to the community.
Failure, does not discourage us, it allows us to better see our points of weakness so we can succeed.
Your wallet is full of receipts.
Do you know how the operate the fireplace?
You need to purchase a new battery for the smoke detector.
You should really take an infant CPR class.
The defibrillator is mounted on the wall here.
Have you ever used a defibrillator?
A sudden noise frightened her.
Hold my hand while the plane lands.
These words got me thinking.
They're resting right now.
Protect the entrance.
We got ourselves a convoy.
You have to fill it yourself.
That's a big 10-4.
Mary has two brothers. The older one is dumb and the younger one is smart.
You can't be part of an anti-society. You sit inside all day and browse Tumblr.
Fire! Run quick!
I thought you'd get lost.
Just put an 'R' at the end of it. And now you have a new website!
This here is an evergreen tree.
I've been banished!
Can you sugar frost it for starters?
How insensitive!
Why did you bother?
I should walk immediately on waking to get my juices flowing.
Wake up and smell the roses!
You're going to jail, boy.
I seem to store fat just by being exposed to a light breeze.
It's a real pleasure to be here.
Would you like a mug of milk.
I speak a little Greek.
A hot drink will warm you up.
You'll survive.
I used to drink a gallon of milk a day.
The drug gave me kidney stones.
He speaks a little Aramaic.
I felt like I was dying. I got under the covers and shivered. Kidney stones are nothing to joke about.
Get under the covers.
I need a new pillow case.
Put the pillow case on the pillow.
Wash your face!
Clean up before dinner.
Wash your hands, please!
Wash your hands after using the restroom.
Practice good hygiene.
Do you know how to start a fire without matches?
The broken bottle magnified the sun's rays and started a forest fire.
File it!
I can't seem to find it.
I can't deal with it.
This is just a bump in the road.
Something crawled up her ass and died.
Poke it with a stick.
Don't smell your fingers!
He's as big as bigfoot.
Do you do your wash?
What are you brandishing?
I put a glaze on it.
Watch your step! It's slick out!
I don't like sweet food.
Why must you find fault in everything?
Pull over and let the meat wagon pass.
My brother is a firefighter.
We are in the evacuation zone.
I'm not particular.
One last pancake, please.
This is all you'll get for now.
We need to ration water and food.
What time is it in Hanoi?
Want to play checkers?
I broke your dish.
The glass fell off the table.
There's shattered glass everywhere.
I cut my foot on broken glass.
I've got a splinter of glass in my foot.
I've got a splinter stuck in my finger.
Play the next episode, please.
Let's not binge watch tonight.
Want to take a walk in the cool air tonight?
Stretch your legs.
I'm dreaming about pancakes.
They call him Mr. Gluten behind his back.
No gluten for Mr. Glutenstein at table five.
He's really militant about gluten, geez.
Open the banana at the other end -- like monkeys do.
Apes don't ask questions. They have everything they need.
I'd like an iceberg lettuce wedge salad.
I like IKEA more for the food than anything.
Let's contemplate Swedish meatballs for a moment.
Don't use any brand names in your material.
His future is at stake.
Do you like to fish?
What's the biggest fish you've caught?
It'll catch up to you.
I'm not so picky.
Relax. It'll be alright.
That tractor implement makes burrows in the field.
She was arrested for being an unlicensed medical practitioner.
We'll need an all-terrain vehicle to rescue them.
Please make cheesecake again.
I love cheese!
What's your dog's breed?
I saw an orb hovering over the lake.
That computer is unsecured.
It's been compromised.
Just flop down anywhere.
A broken roof tile fell next to us.
Watch for falling coconuts.
They rake the sand to make it look like paradise.
There's trash everywhere.
The river is like a floating landfill.
This doll is a choking hazard.
These clothes are flammable and not suited for children.
At attention!
Present arms!
When I ate the food only for animals, I wanted to throw up.
He threw a bottle out the window.
The band peed into the pool.
And this is how we cook the tourists.
There are a lot of Germans on this island.
I lost my wedding ring while snorkeling.
My nose was 5 inches from a moray eel.
We gave frozen peas to the friendly fish in the yellow cathedral of coral.
Those fish keep charging me and snapping at my flipper.
That species of fish is very territorial.
I need to start lifting weights.
I'll feel better if I return to athletics.
She only wants a slave.
She has no mercy.
She has mental issues.
She makes no effort.
She is completely indifferent to everyone else.
She tried to steal from her own child!
She had no moral upbringing.
Only in death will she see her faults.
She was caught in a lie.
She is in denial.
She can't see anyone else's point of view.
Don't attempt to argue with her.
Time to battle!
I choked on a chicken bone.
He's choking!
Do you know the Heimlich maneuver?
Slow down, please!
They lost your bags.
Let me get your bag.
Can you put the bags in the trunk?
Are we all ready to go?
Let's push off.
Let's shove off.
Get ready to catch the rope!
Throw the rope!
Next, please.
Passports, please.
Is this your picture in the paper?
Have you been in trouble before?
You can change.
Turn over a new stone.
The gym will be packed tomorrow.
I've signed up for a class at the gym.
I'm taking my health seriously.
You've been more than enough help.
I can't say enough.
God bless.
It's those small moments.
What a tender gesture.
He doesn't acknowledge my existence.
Well, that sucks!
Hello, is anyone home in there?
Smile if you're lying.
I hate his smirk.
He has that look and you can tell he's lying.
She has moods.
I'm in a different mode now.
Not feelin' too great.
Too greasy!
Not enough salt.
Too much salt for my tastes.
It was so salty I almost got sick.
You can't drink seawater!
It's like he's a new person.
He's turned his life around.
I don't recognize him anymore.
The food was exceptional.
They said the food is great, but it tasted horrible to me.
I'm not that sophisticated.
I can't figure myself out.
I don't know why I do what I do.
She had a horrible upbringing.
I don't blame her.
Where can we place the blame?
I need to learn 100 nouns today.
Vowels use the vocal chords and consonants use the mouth.
They just reorganized her division.
They all got laid off.
This company is a wreck.
The managers are clueless.
Somebody should teach her a lesson.
And that's just the beginning of it.
These people all sound like victims.
Stand up and brush yourself off.
Excuse me, sir, but is this an incidence of road rage?
Tom has Ebola.
Are you using this chair?
What is the appeal?
They died in a car wreck.
Picking up the pieces.
My bucket is full.
It's illegal to collect rainwater in this city.
Will there be potato salad at the church gathering?
Tom has a strange fixation to potato salad.
Tom is glucose-deprived.
Tom only eats eggs on even days and chicken on odd.
You can't make this up.
One for the history books!
What's going on in your liver, Tom?
"My liver, my business. Case closed," said Tom.
Tom needs a liver transplant.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow a cup of liver.
Try halfing a half endlessly and then you realize you don't exist.
Tom is not authorized for this sector.
"Tom, please, calm down," said Mary.
Tom had a heart attack while arguing with a couple of theologists.
Why isn't this on the map?
What's on your agenda?
Good morning, folks. How's everyone doing?
Ready to learn how to scuba dive?
Where's my flippers?
My snorkel is filthy.
Wow! Thousands of fish!
Wow. It must be nice.
Hmm. No one ever asks me.
I don't like working in this gift shop.
Everyone is a geezer.
What a load of crap.
When are you going to work on your art?
It's not official yet.
Make the most nutritious thing the least expensive. That'll confuse them and then they'll buy the most profitable item.
I need to pack on twenty-five pounds before New Years Day.
I put my Einstein novelty underwear on backwards twice today.
He's having an existential crisis.
Tom suggested a spelling bee to the death.
He died making a YouTube video.
They found his body later, floating in the river.
Does anyone have anything to say?
A show of hands?
So we're all in agreement?
Meeting adjourned.
To be continued.
It was too unwieldy for me.
Does anyone have any chocolate on their person?
This will be good.
Bonus points!
The lead guitar is killer.
Yuk, yuk!
Gluten free!
What a goof!
OK, already, jeez!
You never look at anything of the links I send you. Infidel!
Why don't you try practicing.
So on and so forth.
Yep. OK.
I'm just a teenager.
I eat like a teenager.
Meat is murder.
I'd love to be a duck.
Yum, black forest cake!
It's the best!
No questions?
Period is over.
I didn't see you in study hall.
Tom is a total burnout.
Tom is a wastoid.
Tom is missing in action.
Tom is a no-show.
Tom died with a needle stuck in his arm.
Opium Wars 101.
Kiss my robot ass.
Maximum overdrive.
Capisce?
Smoosh it up.
Hello, who's that?
Can you read me?
Copy. I read you. Over and out.
Mark this day! I will win the race next year.
I for one welcome our robot overlords.
Here come the nerds.
Here come the weirdos.
OK, panic!
The plane flew into the mountainside.
Case closed.
Open source.
Not interested?
Why should they suffer?
I'll just take a minute of your time.
Are you in marketing?
Total cash cow.
Operators are standing by.
No salesmen will call.
I might not make it back.
Peace. Out.
Create a smoke screen.
Sugar!
Nice sneakers.
You need a new belt.
Do we have any milk left?
Don't leave the fridge open.
Both legs of your flight look good.
I want a puppy!
I want a pony!
I want a kitten!
I think I'm tone deaf.
I think her singing killed the cat.
The crows are warning us to stay in the car.
What was that?
Knock, knock, anyone home?
I'm going to have a Tupperware party on Tuesday.
This is not a one word sentence.
Food poisoning? I feel fine.
Did you eat the mussels?
Mary died from food poisoning.
Totally bogus.
Like, wow, man.
Peace, brother.
See you on the flip side.
Mary looks anorexic.
No beans for me.
Chin up, chest out.
Stand at attention.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.
I hate lima beans.
Yes, Salisbury steak day in the cafeteria.
Two slices of pizza please.
I'd like to order a large pepperoni pizza.
We're having a Super Bowl party at our house. Can you make it?
I'm not getting enough sleep.
Can you fix my banjo?
It's a new breed.
I'd like some walnuts.
Open wide.
I've gained a few over the holiday.
She's got the freshman 15.
I've left clues.
Give me a riddle.
Shhhh, I'm reading.
The pineapple has gone bad.
The cheese is moldy.
Catch up.
Quick, duck!
Even if the pasta is gluten free, you will still gain several pounds in water weight from the carbohydrates. You need X amount of water to digest Y amount of carbs.
Please, please, please, stop me from eating too much blue cheese this year.
Will this be on the test?
Soak walnuts in water to reduce the bitterness.
Use macros to plan your daily nutritional needs.
Exercise is king.
Visualize yourself on a tropical beach.
What will happen to eyebrows this year?
I am designing a line of streetwear.
No chance.
We can use the cat carrier for a small dog.
Where is the leash?
This dog collar is too tight.
The dog can shake hands.
In the long run, none of it really mattered.
That's a big baby.
The mall is open.
Too bitter.
Be careful on these curves.
Do you want whole milk?
A bag of chips, please?
To go?
Long scarves can be very dangerous.
Mary is making lunch.
Mary helps Tom open a jar of pickles.
Tom explains to the Amazonian tribesman that jars, bottles, and cans are different containers for preservating food.
"That's a huge shrimp," said Tom.
Please tie my shoes.
Today, I'm wearing shoes for once.
Shirts are required for entrance to this store.
Let's rent a row boat and row out to the island.
This is not my first time canoeing.
The dog won't eat.
We have two dogs.
Our dogs are brother and sister.
Take a sip.
Can I try?
It seems like bubble gum.
Do you want gum for your ears?
We have to go around again.
Don't tailgate, please.
Take this exit.
Is this our exit?
Bad haircut?
Nice haircut!
No, I can't eat wheat, peanuts, or shellfish.
Do you want more octopus?
They make the best octopus tacos.
She's bashful.
He's hiding in the reeds.
I like roasted and salted sunflower seeds.
There'll be foggy conditions on your commute this morning.
We had a pleasant time.
She is suing us.
She got better!
I found a long hair.
Cat hair everywhere.
Sheesh. I wish I had come here sooner.
It's backward.
Is it running?
It's not dry yet.
The zoo has many other attractions aside from the penguins.
The Calgary Zoo zookeepers moved the penguins back inside because of the cold weather.
In addition to Mary and her new boyfriend, Tom invited three of Mary's ex-boyfriends, without telling her.
Mary thought about what it would be like to dance with Tom.
Tom thought about what it would be like to kiss Mary.
How did you celebrate New Year's Eve?
The band played the national anthem.
The children went to bed, but the grown-ups continued to party.
Tom was the first of his friends to get married.
Mary was the first of her friends to get married.
All of Mary's friends have babies.
Mary's friends organized a baby shower.
Mary gave birth to her first baby on January 1st.
Tom danced and partied all night.
Mary danced and partied all night.
Tom and Mary celebrated New Year's Eve together.
Tom wrote Mary a text message, but then deleted it before sending it.
Tom hit "send" by accident.
Tom and Mary went outside to watch the fireworks.
Tom leaned over the railing.
Tom leaned against the railing.
This year was a roller-coaster for me.
What is it like in California?
What is it like in Boston?
Mary climbed onto a chair and began to dance.
Tom climbed on the table and started to dance.
For me, the more, the better.
The more he works, the more he earns.
The more you eat, the more you want.
Tom and Mary watched the ball drop on New Year's Eve in Times Square.
Is Esperanto hard to learn?
Learning a language is not simple.
The Moscow subway runs until one a.m.
Tom is a brilliant programmer.
Mary is a brilliant programmer.
Mary hesitated for a moment.
Thank you, brother.
Tom died just as he was trying to say something to Mary.
Tom warned me, but I didn't listen to him.
Mary warned me, but I didn't listen to her.
Tom and Mary met at a New Year Party.
2017 was a roller-coaster year for me.
They took their time.
The airport is on the left hand side.
Why can't I have a phone when all of my friends have one?
Tom sat up slowly.
I saw the way you were looking at him.
I saw the way you were looking at her.
"I loved you Mary." "Then why did you betray me?"
I never flirted with him.
I saw the way you were looking at each other.
"But I love you Mary!" "I don't."
I saw the way you two were looking at each other.
Do you think I'm blind?
I saw the way you two were looking at each other last night.
You like him and he likes you.
You like her and she likes you.
You thieving bastard!
Things have been a little hectic lately.
There is nothing I wouldn't do for you, Mary.
I don't want your money.
I didn't mean to.
I didn't mean to. It was an accident.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
Tom is doing a student exchange in Germany.
I wish it was that easy.
Why are you killing yourself with carbs?
Have mercy.
The hot chocolate is warming my insides.
Your insides are technically your outsides.
It's my new streetwear line.
Do you like cashews?
You have black ink on your hands.
Someday you'll wear a fur hat and play the drums in an indie rock band.
Just add water.
I've sprained my ankle.
I can't put weight on it.
It's swollen.
I think I've pulled some ligaments.
I never thought it would heal.
All my ailments are gone but one.
Can you take me to the airport?
Can you pick me up on your way home?
Please, no more rice.
Why do you eat grass? Grass is for cows.
Only the misinformed spend their hard-earned money on wheat, which is basically grass.
You're inflammation on inflammation. That's why you're 250 pounds!
You're malnourished. That's why you keep eating and eating. Everything you're eating has zero nutritional value. Basically you're eating sugar and grass.
To thrive, your body needs carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, and chocolate.
Love everyone.
Stupid forehead pimple!
Eat grass like a cow!
We're thankful to you.
3 years ago, Tom fell down the stairs and broke his bones.
I got a stomachache from laughing too much.
These few months, this girl has almost never left her room.
The punchline comes at the end.
Alphabetically, please.
I want to become faster.
Get on my karma train.
The cute girl was bitten by a zombie dog and became a zombie.
He's traumatized. His favorite children's show was canceled.
She looked like she was holding in a huge fart.
When I fart and the dignitaries begin laughing at me, draw your swords.
None of those thoughts are cohesive nor do they make sense independently.
Basically, she's created a fad diet collider. And sometimes the particules that spin off are gluon-free neutrino burgers.
Do you want to go get a soursop smoothie with me?
He only hires people on the spectrum.
He's almost legally blind.
He likes to find faults immediately instead of patiently looking for strengths.
They look like monsters there with their facelifts, their distressed clothing, and their Prozac eyes.
It was a novel in one sentence.
I almost died of thirst.
Americans love exaggeration and that is no exaggeration.
He just got a butt load of used video games.
They purposely don't oil the door hinges here for security reasons.
I had this dream about a massive army of zombie authors that went around attacking and eating the brains of editors.
I'm the bookkeeper.
Why do you have a sentence diagram tattooed on your back?
Don't go out that door unless you want to be torn to shreds by a pack of rabid grammarians.
He was a strange fellow. He wrote one novel and then moved to Paris and disappeared.
Do you want a prune?
Put twice as many plums in the recipe.
You misspelled my tattoo!
I hear you get a free forehead tattoo when you join the gang.
We need more coffee and red pencils.
Take this sacred red pencil and go forth on your trusty office chair.
Mince these words and throw them into the pot of contempt.
The children danced around me and chanted, "Diabetes, diabetes, diabetes!"
It's not a doll. It's an action figure.
He told me that he loved me.
She told me that he loved me.
And then I woke up in a reclining armchair with a slice of my birthday cake on my chest.
Your mind is a prison built of words.
Please take off your thick adjective glasses and start writing leaner prose.
What airline?
They can't get text messages in flight or can they?
The passenger next to me. I turned his headphones off while he was sleeping. I used his remote. It was so loud.
It was the first novel comprised entirely of text messages.
Los Angeles is a city brimming with artists and most of them get little respect from critics worldwide.
I'm not sure how many facelifts there are per square mile, but we can factor that into the business plan.
Translate this! And that. And this. But not that!
No ifs, ands, or buts, mister!
Every time you speak Italian I gain five pounds.
During the SAG ceremony in LA, they raised one million dollars for the Facelifts For Tots charity.
Is this how you want to be remembered? Eating cheese doodles and watching Matlock?
He had gotten so fat that his family used to perform his eulogy at the dinner table every night.
We're all handicapped and heartless in own ways.
She needed the comfort of Grandma's wool blanket.
Translate this short sentence.
It was easy for them.
You were chosen at random.
At the beginning of civilization, the crazy man, the shaman, ate grass on the river bank and pulled his hair out. Now today, the same madman blabbers on his cellphone about crypto-currency, buys a scone at Starbucks for $4.35, and his hair falls out on its own.
He's going bald. Fasten your seatbelts.
I'm going bald. Hmm. What can I do to compensate?
Where is his teddy bear?
All set?
Shove off!
Left is port and right starboard.
There's a Starbucks on your starboard bow.
Hoist the jib!
Stop cradling that verb! Let it go!
He was like Minority Report with grammar. He knew beforehand if you were going to make a grammatical mistake.
Have you been here before? (Do you want to here my pathetic and obligatory marketing spiel?)
I know a word.
I used to have to pick the fuzz out from between my toes every night before bed. Now, thanks to science, I don't have to bother. Thanks, science!
Let's be practical.
What's your flight number?
Bombs away!
After she ordered 3 large pepperoni pizzas, her dorm mates put her on suicide watch.
He moved to LA.
He died his hair pink.
It's slight endearing how this band can't sing in tune.
We're pulling into arrivals now. Do you see us?
Cellphones have changed modern literature and perhaps in a bad way.
San Diego is a punk ass bitch.
Let us first define "punk ass bitch."
I want to participate in the dialectic process.
Let's buy some magazines and books before the flight.
We're on the tarmac.
See you on the lam.
On Uber now.
In Korea now.
Getting ready to leave.
Are you waiting outside?
It'll take us awhile.
Going through immigration, luggage, customs...
We are taxiing now.
Yes. Thanks.
Walking out.
Just left my dad a voicemail.
I miss you. Good night.
This is our last day in Hanoi.
Rice is easy on me too.
I was out over the weekend.
Give me call to set up an appointment.
I want to make you Vietnamese food.
Tom is both dreading and looking forward to the summer.
We are going to a cooking class this afternoon.
Hope they were tasty.
Just saw it.
Hi, handsome.
Nice. Now I can relax instead of studying for that test.
On Uber.
Best of luck.
Oh, very nice.
We just got out of the room.
I think you'd love it.
I'm having Vietnamese coffee.
Let me call my dad.
Oh, is that so? Well, I've got something for you.
For you?
Not sure yet.
She has a cough.
Good morning, handsome.
Food arrived.
Oh, ok.
It was so cold today.
Are you still on diet?
I miss you more.
Amazing... I never knew that chicken could taste so good.
Yes and super exhausted.
Raining hard.
It's rainy here.
Her dress is dragging on the ground.
Do you need anything from the store?
Can this conversation be gluten free?
Her name is Tabetha.
Oh, yeah, please do.
Shall we arrive earlier?
Love you.
Haha, cute.
Oh, that's bad. I hope you feel better.
Oh, that's really cool.
He was not the hero we wanted. He was the hero we needed.
That sucks. I'm sorry.
I hope you are OK.
You were almost late again today.
Oh, that's terrible.
Hehe. I'm evil.
Lmao. Send me more cat pics.
Lmao, it's OK.
Yeah, it's going very well.
I will, thanks.
I'm going to homecoming today.
I'm gonna go to sleep.
Good plan, thanks. LOL.
I'll check it out.
I'm gonna be very busy because school is starting.
She is going to deactivate my phone.
And thank you.
What's the email?
Hey, do you remember my password?
The policeman wants you to move.
Beautiful bird!
He procrastinates.
Let's dance, darling!
Talk about it!
Listen to him!
Pass it!
By car!
Good evening, darling!
If completed.
And how!
Holy Tom!
What spectacle!
What to say?
Yes, why?
No, why?
Tom trimmed his beard.
One question. What the hell is this song about?
Before the fact? Or after the fact?
This plant needs fertilizer.
I'm not satiated yet.
Her name is Fertilizia.
Mary, man. Barry, man. Barry, man. Mary, man.
Tom pounded the table.
Tom pounded the table with his fist.
It's too hot. It's too cold. When will it ever end?
Tom pounded the table with his fist.
The judge pounded the table with his gavel.
Objection, your honor.
You broke the Internet.
"Objection, your honor." "Overruled."
You're too cool for this place.
Sun streamed into the room from the window.
Without guard.
What a terror!
It's calm.
I protest.
He phoned.
Do you like soft drinks, you diabetic piece of shit?
I am also one of them.
Tom rolled onto his back.
I call this song: "Fuck Off!"
I am also one of them.
Why don't you try to fix it?
Fuck these autoimmune bullshit diseases! Fuck you, Monsanto!
That lawyer is a fucking piece of dog shit on my shoe.
Play it backwards!
She smells like she deep fried the earth.
Don't let her see anything edible.
This website is slower than a snail.
He will eat.
Hello, dad.
Hello, Mary.
Hello, professor!
Hello, darling!
Hello, doctor!
I hate those bands that just conform to some punk-like mentality without thought.
Dear friends!
Is it OK if I eat the eggs?
Let's get along.
Want to be my friend?
I've been tired all day.
Your sister is competitive.
Have you talked to anyone about this problem?
First it's hot and then it's cold. What's going on?
They kicked me off the plane.
She left the planet.
Check your voicemail.
Dude, seriously.
Since we're college students, let's go all out!
Let's go! It's my turn! Draw!
Would you also like to make a wax figure?
That's right, I remember it well.
Today is a little cold, huh?
I'm the second deuce.
Tom asked me to invite you.
Mary asked me to invite you.
I felt really stupid.
This is one thing I know.
This time for certain.
Let's go to the boardwalk.
Do you like saltwater taffy?
I caught an eel in my net.
We sailed our canoes across the lake by using our tarps as sails.
All of our matches are wet.
We were covered with mosquito bites.
Our luggage went to the wrong city.
They are desperate.
She's going to need help.
OK, I'll let you know.
Hang up!
Overtime! This year we'll win the state championship.
More cheese, please.
She's very creative.
She's an artist.
It was his time.
Knock on wood.
Happy hunting.
Is she liberal?
She needs a new liver.
She's worse today.
You enjoy the gossip more and your heart doesn't acknowledge her suffering.
What a fat cow!
Eat more wheat, you cow!
Heavy load ahead.
Jimmy got that fat chick pregnant.
No fat chicks.
Fat chicks welcome.
I like plump women.
She's so soft everywhere.
She's sick.
Don't judge.
I love her more than anything.
One point.
It's open mic night.
I love hummus!
Chickpeas for the win.
With every ounce of my strength!
I miss the '80, sez no one.
Everyone be fartin'.
I'll be waiting in my car.
What a stupid bitch.
America at its finest.
Dysfunctional families are a dime a dozen.
People still fart and it's 2018.
Pass the dressing.
Pass the dressing.
Yikes, and he's your doctor?
Do you want to become friends?
Don't eat paint chips!
He's a zombie.
How's everything?
I'm the one.
This is how it feels to be on top of the world.
Hey, mister, your fly is down.
Davy Jones' locker.
Pause. Take a deep breath.
One potato, two potato, three potato, four.
There's something amiss here.
Count to Mississippi.
Take a jump shot.
Travelling! Ref are you blind?
Was it my turn?
Oh, OK.
Set your phasers on stun.
Hey, dawg.
I scream. We scream. We all scream for ice cream.
Tell your sister to consume local artists instead of listening to Bono.
Step one. Get fur hat. Step two. Learn drums. Step three. Get facelift.
LOL.
Please, please, keep singing out of tune!
Listen to the bands near you.
She lives in LA, but she's anti-LA.
That's their theme song.
You cast a big shadow.
Soup's on!
He's a lumberjack.
I wish I was in a band.
So peaceful.
He's one of them.
I called out.
I called your name.
It's melting.
Why do I dream so deeply?
I get this band.
Look out for poison ivy!
I hope for a soft landing.
Look for ticks on your clothing.
She's got Lyme disease.
That's fucked up.
Leg warmers, LOL.
Everything is being reduced to a text message.
I bought a juicer.
This tastes like crap.
I'm throwing out the microwave.
No more frozen burritos for you.
Liquor not included.
Some assembly required.
Curtain call.
I've been through that stage.
You actually listen to this genre of music?
You're a tool.
You're a sucker for marketing.
Cool, that'll work.
You can discover something new every day.
Is it January already?
Where's your plane ticket?
Lift off!
Does it look safe?
Don't go out at night.
Don't trust anyone and buy your own drinks.
For some people rejection is like water off a duck's back.
I'm working on a playlist for my love.
We spend every moment together.
Why do the stars twinkle?
I put song lyrics into a blender and now I've got a hit song.
The airline's systems are all down.
All flights have been cancelled due to the storm.
There's some hope.
It's not any fun if it's legal.
Tom likes to wear boxers.
We need some relief from this weather.
Participation is mandatory.
I love cabbage!
He's down in the dumps.
See if you can lift her spirits.
He's been stuck inside all day.
She's been declawed.
My sweater is ruined!
Fade into grey.
Farewell, my friend.
I made my own potato chips.
My dog loves to pee on car tires.
I'll take a slice of Swiss cheese on my gluten-free sandwich.
I need carbs from time to time.
This ankle abrasion is still sore.
I don't like peanut brittle. I love it!
After a border incident involving gluten trafficking, the dictator ordered a full scale invasion.
The year is 2038. The global government has declared gluten illegal. The last seeds of wheat sit in a freezer next to a vial of smallpox.
Speakers of Germanic languages can learn a lot from Romance languages.
They took the fun out of everything by not taking offense to it.
Translate this sentence and win a prize.
The beat goes on.
Sami is a Palestinian who lives in East Jerusalem.
Sami is not allowed to go to East Jerusalem.
Sami has family in East Jerusalem.
Humans are xenophobic.
Humans are highly territorial.
Humans are bigots.
If you look over there, you will see a human in its natural habitat.
Humans are very xenophobic.
Humans are monsters.
Humans are criminals.
I can read many languages, but only speak one fluently.
Humans are animals.
His mug is red.
Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind.
Humans are very intolerant.
If you interrupt a human's activities, it is likely to become aggressive.
He says he calls them savages because they don't have electronic technology. That's pretty rich coming from someone who has no idea how electronics actually work.
Humans are highly aggressive animals.
Humans are irrational creatures.
Humans are irrational.
Humans are emotional creatures.
Would you like to play cards?
We can exchange gifts in the hotel room.
This orange is from our tree.
I'm not going to wag my tail when they arrive.
Ding-dong! Hello?
Earth to Tom. Over and out.
Roger.
Please don't give me grief.
You just peck, peck, peck.
I wish I had a potato.
I've never been so happy to see potatoes in my life.
Her leg is in a cast.
Put on sunscreen.
Can you help me with my dress?
You're getting burned.
I got bit.
Is the bite deep?
Mary: "You got bit? Oh, no. Did the dog draw blood?" Tom: "Yeah, he's a regular phlebotomist, alright."
Mary: "Why do you drink so much sangria?" Tom: "I'm a phlebotomist."
He only left me a few morsels.
Clean your plate.
Eat your broccoli.
Swiss cheese! My favorite!
A haircut will cheer me up.
Root vegetables are my new friends.
It's noon.
Time for lunch.
Lunch break!
Annoy me one more time!
Another one?
Again! Again! Again!
Not you again!
What is this? Vaudeville?
Get up on your tippy toes.
I broke my big toe.
I stubbed my toe.
I got athlete's foot from the shower at the gym.
Let's feast!
Can you say grace?
I hope they're all OK.
One more?
I suppose not.
Wow! Talented!
Slide on over.
Make room for me.
Did you get tickets?
Text me your shopping list.
She put the kibosh on that.
You want coffee or tea?
With or without sugar?
Our cat loves cheese.
Our car is in the shop.
Tom to the rescue.
Do you speak Yiddish?
They've made wheat flour and sugar illegal.
Can you buy me a toy?
I don't like corn.
Do you drink soy milk?
They're arguing next door.
For the last time!
It's an important milestone for her.
Butter makes my knees sore.
Butter inflames my arthritis.
It's an old back injury that's come back.
Don't put her under a microscope.
Wow. Look at you!
"Tom's the best violinist since Itzhak Perlman." "Who?"
Can you fly into LA?
We'll fly out of LAX.
Quick reflexes!
I like Fred and Ethel. More so Fred.
If the universe is a computer simulation, where are the unicorns?
That was Mary's potato. She was saving it.
We need people like you.
On the hunt?
It's in your toy chest.
It's on top.
Looks like a tackle box.
Everything is tangled.
I'm missing a button.
It popped off.
It'll take some trial and error.
It's all brand new.
Whether you like it or not, we're selling the car.
Are you coming or do you prefer to stay in the shop?
It's up to you whether to accept or decline.
We will do it, don't bother.
Why did she destroy my video game console?
You're leaving, by will or by force!
There are more outside than inside.
Tom knows where the wind blows from.
Tom must get some fresh air.
Today, I was with a friend at the swimming pool.
It took us three days to write a script for our movie.
Tom knows where does the wind come from
A chilly wind's blowing
We'll need some railroad ties for the garden.
The cat is playing in the garden.
Do you play gin rummy?
I'm all stuffed up.
My knee is sore.
My knee aches.
I feel bloated.
I'm peeing a lot.
My vision is blurry.
I have other symptoms.
I'm not feeling well at all.
I need a bag to throw up in.
I dreamt that I got worms.
Do you think I have worms?
The dog has worms.
Sorry, I threw up in your car.
The station is closed.
The last train just left.
When is the next train?
When is the next bus?
How much does it cost to fly there?
Are pets allowed?
Is your restaurant dog-friendly?
Luckily, I have instant coffee packets in my bag.
Can I get a cup of coffee?
She cut your sides short.
Bundle up. It's cold.
I like to walk in the cool breeze at night.
Let's take the dog to the park.
The cat is at the window.
Let the cat in.
Let the dog in.
You can pet the dog.
Let the cat out.
The cat has been howling all night.
Let's go to a concert in LA.
She's not into the LA scene.
I was drinking way too much coffee.
There's no excuse for my behavior.
I'm in purgatory.
I'm just stopping by.
Just checking in.
Just seeing what you are up to.
Just wondering how you are doing.
Is she still sick?
Is she on the mend?
Did you take her to the doctor?
Can you take the dog to the vet?
Is the operation dangerous?
Will she make a full recovery?
What time will you return?
Will you be open tomorrow?
It's infected.
There's a lot of swelling and pus.
It's severe sunburn.
Do you sell first aid items here?
What are some of the benefits?
I've lived a thousand lives.
This better be important.
Without you, my life would be meaningless.
You don't know how much this means to me.
That's a fine kettle of fish.
I haven't played cards for so long.
The jack of diamonds.
You don't know how much I appreciate this.
You don't know how much you mean to me.
The inside of my house is cold.
Tom: "Is today Wednesday?" Mary: "All day long."
Do you have a first aid kit?
Apply direct pressure to the wound.
Call for help!
Does she have a pulse?
How long was she underwater?
Remember to take your medicine.
Remember to take your medicine with you in your day pack.
She's bleeding.
Do you know the metric system?
How many pounds are there in a kilogram?
How many miles are there in a kilometer?
I'm not getting any cellphone reception here.
I'm running out of battery.
I can read the language, but I hardly speak it.
What do the instructions say?
Are you feeling up to it?
How many fingers am I holding up?
What's the difference between the two?
Do you have any gluten free options on the menu?
I'd like to order a salad.
Do you have steamed vegetables?
Does it contain shellfish?
Does it contain peanuts?
Does it contain eggs?
Does it contain sugar?
Does it contain butter?
Do I take the next exit?
Can you talk to me while I do the dishes and keep me company?
Is it important information?
Humans are aggressive animals.
Humans are not rational creatures.
In Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels, humans are described as being "the most pernicious race of little odious vermin that nature ever suffered to crawl upon the surface of the earth."
We call whisky from island nations "bleach."
In Paris, there are several gluten free bakeries.
Come on, be a hipster.
Is he a hipster?
What's the flight number?
What is the pick up location?
How many passengers?
How many guests?
Where was the vehicle damaged?
Are you reporting a crime?
Can I get a description of the assailant?
Where did you get those scratches?
It's dislocated.
Do you have first aid ice packs?
Be careful with ice packs and sedative medicine. You can get frostbite if you fall asleep while using the ice packs.
Do you have any idea how much this machine costs?
Shhh. What are they saying?
Can you speak slowly?
I still can't understand you. Can you turn off the background noise?
I hear a dog barking in the distance.
Do you have a whistle?
I see flashlights in the distance.
Where did you last use your glasses?
Your glasses are broken.
The doctor performed an unnecessary procedure.
The doctor ordered an unnecessary test.
The doctor is corrupt.
The lawyer is corrupt.
The politician is corrupt.
Secret society is a fancy name for organized crime.
Wash your hands!
Help clean up.
Dress the wound.
Do you have rubbing alcohol?
Is he OK?
The finger is broken.
You've severely sprained your thumb.
We need to airlift her.
The helicopter is landing.
She's a nurse.
We've had a collision at sea.
She is not interested in swimming.
There are lights underwater.
Turn on the spotlight.
Is this an illegal toxic waste dump?
They found a body.
The swimmer was drunk and drowned.
The drummer died.
The drummer drowned.
The drummer overdosed.
The drummer was buried last week.
The car door does not work.
He needs spiritual help.
He has a good character.
He lived dangerously.
He was reckless.
Be careful with the doses.
Eat more fruit, please.
The left side of your face is swollen.
He'll come out of this.
He suddenly flew to Quebec without notice.
He's lost his passion.
Hypothermia. I'm going to die out here in the cold.
Can I have a juice box?
Can you take notes?
Please don't eat the remaining food.
She's been drugged.
Her eyes are dialated.
One eye is dilated.
The entree is cold.
It's being remodeled.
People are dying simply because they refuse to change their diet.
You just drank eleven-hundred calories of juice.
Don't drink sugary cocktails.
Have some vodka straight. It's a lot less calories.
I can't sleep through the night.
He had a late night snack of cheese, cashews, and German natural herb bitters.
Someday planned obsolescence will be illegal in every nation.
Keep the plans simple, OK?
No one was hurt in the robbery.
People are spiritually hungry.
The wind off the beach is bone-chilling.
The police officer crashed his motorcycle.
I collect action figures.
He's a tourist.
I'm ordering the deep-fried frog sandwich.
He's not there.
Is any part of our meal served with live animals?
My cat gave birth to a kitten named Apollo.
My cat was sprayed by a skunk.
The drummer is missing.
Promise me.
Hold the leash.
The disease took his sight.
Where are your bags?
One day Americans will come to worship the pomegranate.
I'm stuck in LA for the night.
Be mindful of that vitamin A can be toxic at higher levels.
Eating a polar bear's liver can kill you.
There are natural treatments for the condition.
I caught a fish.
This puppy found me.
It's snowing!
Engineers scoff at creative people during the day, but then go home at night and worship fantasy worlds authored by creative people.
The billionaire made his fortune by hiring people with Asperger's syndrome to work in marketing.
There's more than enough food.
I found money!
He stayed up all throwing up and night watching television.
He's my new best friend.
It's in the trunk.
I had a minor accident.
There will be no shortage of fun.
I know a lot of local gossip, but I will only part with it for a fee.
I like freckles.
I like short women.
I like fat people.
This show is boring.
I awoke in the middle of the night.
There is more at stake.
She is fixable.
She is fixated on one perceived imperfection when she is perfect in every way.
He wasted his youth on an imperfection no one cared about and some women actually found it attractive.
It snowballed.
Good luck is contagious.
Stay tuned for an important message.
Don't stay in the other driver's blind spot.
Give me a taste.
The ice cream truck!
I want some!
A popsicle, please.
Children's programming. All day long.
Don't bother arguing with it; humans are impervious to logic.
You're pretty okay, for a human.
Most humans are terrible people.
The computer is rebooting.
Please update the computer.
The computer is infected with a virus.
You need to defragment the drive on a regular basis.
Nothing interesting is happening.
The hard drive is grinding away.
Watch out for falling coconuts.
There's a lizard under the refrigerator.
I'll perform a full scan of the system.
Is there an off-on switch on the device?
She's more technical, but gets bored easily.
I'm feeling weary.
It's so easy to be misunderstood.
It is possible to launder language to make it more appealing and uplifting.
I want this and this.
I want this and that.
Keep cash in an envelope in your wallet and only spend that when you are out shopping.
Begin every meal with soup.
Include fresh herbs with every meal.
Peace can be found within, but not if we consume modern day poisons.
Exercise is your liver's friend.
I had a dream that I was an amoeba in a pond.
Tadpoles are fun to watch.
How are magnets so magical?
I found this incredible fossil rolling in the surf.
The teacher stole the child's fossil discovery.
The archeologist drank heavily during the Alaskan winters.
The archaeologists needed to relocate the burial grounds before the pipeline could be built.
The cemetery needs to be moved to a new location south of the town.
The headstones in the cemetery were moved, but the bodies were not.
Eels look like aliens from another planet.
Some eels and fish have two sets of jaws like the monster in the movie Alien.
Hagfish can produce amazing amounts of mucus.
I've never seen snowfall in Florida before.
Humans are savages.
Humans are brutes.
Calm down and try to remember what exactly happened there.
If you could only choose one of them, which one would be it?
We are not afraid.
What would you say if you were in this situation?
The situation must be worse than you thought.
I hope they choose a good government.
They listened to you.
"Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis!" said Tom, answering the question of which word is the longest in the English dictionary.
She did know.
If you don't like being poor, you should have picked a different family to be born into.
The human brain uses one-half of all the sugar in the body.
Careful with that rock.
It takes 15 to 30 minutes for ingested carbohydrates to affect blood sugar levels.
Food allergy sufferers can experience fatigue and brain fog as the immune system attacks a nonexistent invader.
Tom felt as if a cinder block was dropped on his head.
These fruits sell well.
A west wind blows over the fields.
We must take it seriously.
Never overload the mule.
Tom messaged Mary a fallacious article on margarine and regretted it afterwards.
The chef conducted his kitchen with a soup ladle, producing a beautiful symphony of gastronomic indulgences.
The sentence was primitive, scraping it knuckles on the floor and grunting with heavy threats.
Jeff was very upset when an international food conglomerate introduced the "JEFF Ready Sandwich Spread."
You are the expert.
They form a class by themselves.
The winter months are December, January, and February.
The photo was passed from hand to hand.
The photograph was passed from hand to hand.
From today on I'm going to start studying.
The game is starting to be interesting.
He's not useful to us anymore.
I'm in sales.
I'm in marketing.
"Kiss your potatoes and tell them that you love them and that they're gluten free," said Mary to Tom during a late night discussion.
"I'm kissing a potato. Now what?" said Tom, looking at Mary for direction.
We all went to the theater to watch a play.
"Mary knows that I truly love potatoes," said Tom.
"Look at all these potatoes. I've never witnessed so many!" said Tom, throwing off his hat.
I am a potato.
Move your brussel sprouts over and make room for some delicious potatoes.
There was an ancient city; the Tyrian settlers held it: Carthage, standing afar opposite Italy and the mouths of the Tiber, rich in trade and very harsh in the study of war. Juno is said to have valued this one city more than all lands, even above Samos.
Tom must be hired immediately.
I fired the whole staff and hired Tom.
Every time Tom walks by Human Resources, the women swoon.
Cabbage will change your life.
Now that I know the power of cabbage I'm a new man. Thanks, cabbage!
I know fraud when I see it.
You're pulling the wool over their eyes.
Doctor: "I'm sorry. He's a vegetable now." Tom: "Why is that bad? Vegetables are good!"
Use the map to start a fire.
All those soft drinks gave me diabetes.
I am diabetes.
Only you can stop diabetes.
Where are all my friends?
We understand you know.
We're so sorry. If only we understood.
Gluten force one! Combine into the shape of a nasty sandwich! Ewww! Disgusting!
I am a spy.
We are researching drones.
I love pickles.
Would you like some potato soup?
Russia will always remain united.
Tom thinks I am his enemy.
We have a minimum order value of ten euros.
Tom was in the corridor of the second floor of the hospital.
It is not necessary that we attend the reunion.
They did not have worries.
Tom applauded the musicians.
Please sing this song again.
The people are responding furiously to his lie.
I eat a meat bun every day at the convenience store.
Most people should think that.
Sairu...is she a mother yet?
I'm not racist, but humans make me uncomfortable.
I have nothing against humans.
Sami tried to protect his daughter.
Sami told us his version of events.
Sami never broke the law.
Sami worked for the FBI for thirty plus years.
Sami is a murder defendant.
Sami sent Layla messages requesting that she contact him.
Sami arrived in Egypt and it was beautiful.
Sami and Layla slept together that first night.
Sami called his parents.
Sami is coming home.
Sami found his place in the world.
Sami felt he was worth something.
Sami was in love with Layla.
Sami had many loves: his beer, his favorite soccer team, and methamphetamine.
Sami walked his daughter down the aisle.
Sami married an Egyptian woman.
Sami soon moved to Cairo.
Sami's inlaws stayed overnight.
Sami was excited about golfing on his days off.
Sami was the gentle Egyptian giant.
Sami made friends immediately.
Sami was growing addicted to meth.
Sami bought a new golf club for six hundred dollars.
Sami threw the raspberries on the floor.
Sami can't afford raspberries.
Sami is a husky 260 pound Egyptian guy.
Sami demanded to see Layla's phone.
Sami looked at Layla's computer history.
Sami's son was evaluated by a social worker.
Sami choked Layla in anger.
Sami choked Layla during sex.
Sami suffered from asthma.
Sami died in the middle of the night.
Sami talked to Layla's father.
Sami was just making polite chit-chat.
Sami wasn't really expecting that kind of thing.
Sami may have killed his first wife.
Sami held his hand over Layla's mouth.
Sami couldn't breathe for an extended period of time.
Sami died at six in the morning.
Sami needs help.
Sami is a 36 year veteran of the FBI.
Sami was bludgeoned with a baseball bat.
Sami's son had a play date.
Sami had a nightmare.
Sami got his daughter back to bed.
Sami was standing in the doorway.
Sami had his hands around Layla's neck.
Sami kept dragging Layla toward the bathroom.
Sami had room to hit Farid with a baseball bat.
Sami made a call to 911.
Sami is a 911 dispatcher.
Sami's mother was downstairs the whole time.
Sami told Layla to stay in the room with the dogs.
Sami was driven to his house.
Sami was a violent man.
Sami grew up in a medieval city in Ireland.
Sami abused Layla for years.
Sami wanted to secure custody of 6-year old Farid.
Sami had an interview with a social worker.
Sami has to be placed in the custody of Layla in the event of his father's death.
Sami was determined to execute Layla's will.
Sami thought about his life.
Sami's children were crying.
Sami was granted one hour of visitation with the children.
Sami was later sent a letter Layla wrote.
Sami posted messages on Facebook.
Sami received a voice mail from Layla.
Sami focused on his fight for his children.
Sami's skull was crushed.
Sami was in a murderous rage.
Sami's attorney advised him not to discuss that with the media.
Sami crushed Layla's skull with a brick.
Sami crushed Layla's head with a pavement stone.
Sami was charged with voluntary manslaughter.
Sami's family demanded justice for him.
Sami had mental problems.
Sami had no further contact with the sheriff's office.
Sami was being charged with second degree murder.
Sami didn't take action.
Sami and Layla walked into the courtroom.
Sami simply did what any father would do.
Sami overpowered his assailant and killed him.
Sami was hitting the wall with his baseball bat.
Sami killed Layla with malice.
Sami didn't like his son-in-law.
Sami was a victim of abuse.
Sami has a constitutional right not to take the stand.
Sami wanted to prove his innocence.
Sami was led from the courthouse in shackles.
Sami was a brutal merciless killer.
Sami wasn't prepared to look at those pictures.
Sami will be remembered as a murderer.
Sami's life ended the day that they took his kids away.
Sami found a case of raspberries in the fridge.
Sami opened the fridge.
Sami displayed various forms of controlling behavior.
Sami's life was in jeopardy.
Sami had a personal bodyguard.
Sami survived his ordeal.
Sami told us his terrifying story.
Sami was honestly scared to death.
Sami grew up in a suburb of Cairo.
Sami was a celebrity.
Sami wanted to do Layla harm.
Sami hired an expensive security team.
Sami was doing a dangerous job.
Sami became a dangerous fanatic.
Sami is the chief of security at Layla Bakir's Cairo residence.
Sami was in his bedroom.
Sami was standing outside the front gate.
Sami reached the top of the wall in seconds and jumped down onto Layla's driveway.
Sami opened the front door.
Sami was already over the wall and down the road.
Sami decided not to call the police.
Sami remained on high alert.
Sami posed a tremendous threat.
Sami returned to Layla Bakir's residence.
Sami was out with his trainer.
Sami said he was Layla's husband.
Sami was five minutes away.
Sami was still screaming into the intercom.
Sami tried to lead Farid off the property.
Sami had sunglasses on.
Sami was surrounded by fans.
Sami has just had a narrow escape from a delisional stalker.
Sami examined the note Layla had left.
Sami gave Layla a religious leaflet.
Sami envisioned himself as a savior.
Sami immediately reported the intrusion to the police.
Sami was a meth addict.
Sami has a long rapsheet.
Sami assaulted a police officer.
Sami was a convict.
Sami is a heavy methamphetamine user.
Sami was gripped with fear.
Sami broke his son's arm.
Sami refused to let his guard down.
Sami was arrested in the middle of the night.
Sami looked at the cameras.
Sami didn't take his eyes off Layla.
Sami took off all of his clothes and went for a swim.
Sami was swimming in his pool.
Sami grabbed his gun.
Sami reached into his backpack and drew a gun.
Sami had one thing in mind: to eliminate Layla.
Sami and Farid struggled, both desperately trying to get a hold of the gun.
Sami summoned every ounce of strength to try to overcome his assailant.
Sami was rushed to the hospital and recovered within six days.
Sami tried to slice Layla's throat from ear to ear.
Sami was humming Michael Jackson's songs.
Sami was guilty on all charges.
Sami was sentenced to six years in prison.
Sami lined the walls of his cell with graffiti of Michael Jackson.
Sami underwent a psychiatric evaluation.
Sami served out his entire sentence.
Sami and Layla had a violent confrontation.
Sami wrote a book about this story.
Sami was fortunate to have the protection of a dedicated bodyguard.
Sami was a yoga teacher.
Sami was getting his freedom.
Sami was in a hospital ER.
Sami lives in a close-knit town where everybody is connected.
Sami is a management consultant.
Sami swept Layla off her feet with his rugged good looks.
Sami helped companies downsize.
Sami was Layla's hero.
Sami loves this place as much Layla does.
Sami and Layla started on their life project.
Sami planted trees.
Sami was on vacation every day.
Sami had a yoga studio.
Sami taught yoga.
Sami embodied peacefulness and loving kindness.
Sami squashed the bug.
Sami's marriage really began to crumble.
Sami and Layla negotiated a divorce.
Sami heard the loud bang.
Sami made his way upstairs.
Sami noticed a shell casing on the second step of the stairs.
Sami was covered with blood.
Sami was an absolute mess.
Sami had a German shepherd named Farid.
Sami's dog picked up Layla's scent.
Sami's injuries were life-threatening.
Sami used a baseball bat in that attack.
Sami committed a bloody crime.
Please make potato salad again.
Early hunter-gatherers had a hard time finding carbohydrates in the wild.
Humans spent ninety percent of their history as hunter-gatherers.
The sink is broken.
She is exhausted from her trip overseas.
You must take the second street on the right.
These scissors are not suited to cut hair.
Will she come back someday?
Why didn't you finish writing your book?
Tarquin was driven out of the city.
Who painted these pictures that are above the window?
How is this word written?
I welcome the idea of hiring a maid to help out in the household chores.
I welcome your suggestions.
Your frank opinions are always welcomed here.
Your presence is not welcomed here. Please leave at once!
"Shit! Why am I farting so much?" said Mary.
Is that the dog's stomach gurgling?
The dog sighed.
The dog is sleeping at the foot of the bed.
Look out to the sea.
I woke up this morning and wrote the second chapter of my novel.
She should just try to eat healthier.
Mary: "It's probably full of GMOs." Tom, laughing: "I thought you said GMOFOs."
I don't get any of your jokes.
He is pleasant.
He is a person of principles.
She wants to minor in philosophy.
She has only heard him fart in the bathroom.
There are chores to do first thing in the morning.
He plays drums in his sleep.
We need more chips and dip.
How can anyone eat dip this salty?
If you buy those XXL shorts, you'll look like a bozo.
I am a bowl of porridge.
He is not allowed to use metaphors.
The little dog drank all of his water during the heatwave.
She translated her sentence.
She translated her own sentence.
Sami returned to Egypt, refusing to stay in Canada.
Sami spoke little Arabic.
Sami was mortified by the answer.
Sami has had a baby with Layla.
Sami sealed his pledge to Layla with a tattoo.
Sami's mistress had no intention of going away.
Sami is always on the move.
Sami kept a low profile.
Sami hired a personal videographer.
Sami wanted to catapult Layla to celebrity status.
Sami had an ongoing affair with Layla.
Sami's car was found abandoned on the side of the road.
Sami was emotionally scarred from the break-up.
Today, August 25th 2012, Neil Armstrong, the first man to set foot on the moon, died.
Did they heat up the bathhouse?
The cow eats grass.
Here were her arms and her chariot; the goddess, even then, strove and nurtured this place to be a kingdom for the nations, if only the fates allowed.
The holiday season is a wondrous time of year when people are reunited with their racist family members.
Humans are idiots.
Humans are illogical.
Humans are incapable of considering situations objectively.
The word "racism" is often used colloquially as a synonym of "bigotry".
Humans make me sick.
I'd never let my daughter marry a human.
No son of mine is going to marry a human!
"The inhabitants of Earth are so primitive and violent, they seem to be on the point of blowing themselves up. Should we save them?" "Nah."
Have you lost your mind, woman?
That's a nice song.
The city has a very high population density.
The city covers a small area.
Humans are greedy.
Humans are selfish.
Humans have no empathy.
You should let me do it.
You should let other people do it.
What do you think about recycling?
Humans are immoral.
Where is the soup?
I can't find anything in the refrigerator.
He makes a hearty soup.
I'm sorry for sounding arrogant.
I haven't pooped in two days.
I make sangria with one ingredient -- brandy!
I have the body of an original aboriginal.
What is your poop situation?
Tom started the Paleo diet two months ago and now Mary and Tom make love all night long.
You never forget to send your mother a birthday gift.
After eating like an aboriginal, Tom's body transformed into a lean and muscular physique without any exercise other than walking.
Agriculture is not humankind's destiny.
Tom and Mary have been inseparable for over three years.
Tom remembers his first date with Mary.
God shapes us with fate. Life is not a straight line.
Who is your favourite youtuber?
Tom tried to illustrate what happened with the help of a matchbox, three matchsticks and two clothespins.
If you'll have a family, a wife and children, you'll understand it.
Don't be gay!
Don't be so gay!
Stop being so gay!
Please stop donating everything I own to charity.
If I don't use it, I should donate it to charity.
It's for charity.
For the costume party, I'm going as a hunter-gatherer and she's going as an archeology student.
Mary would have died from hunger if Tom hadn't had expert knowledge of bush tucker.
Native Americans of California and Arizona historically used non-returning boomerangs to kill birds and rabbits.
You can believe in the pipe dream of modern medicine curing diseases or just stop eating processed food.
What is the most delicious tasting grub?
These anchovies are so oily tasting.
Rub my back.
You can wear my shirt to the gym.
Try not to smile when you tell them.
I know I'm a huge nerd because my sideburns never match.
There should be a law against that.
What is that awful noise?
No one wants to admit it.
"Rice and quinoa are safe grains," said Mary. "What? Why?" said Tom.
The roof needs to be fixed.
Make it short and sweet.
The rain is pitter-pattering against the roof.
They took us to court.
There is a hair stuck to this soap.
Dinner has gone cold.
I'll take the phone call in the next room.
Tom is an addict.
Leave your phones outside.
Can you search online?
I want a new pepper grinder.
Walk the dog, please.
What time is it in Buffalo, New York?
This cheese pairs well with sauvignon blanc.
You are getting sleepy.
They've been hypnotized!
Why exactly did you do that?
Ice cream is one of worst foods, health-wise, you can eat.
Please stop buying crap in a box.
I am lucky.
I can't fall asleep or breathe.
Go suck a dick!
Tom is the coolest monkey in the jungle.
I can't stand rats.
She is holding a ladle with her right hand.
She is holding a ladle in her right hand.
Does your dog allow itself to be petted?
I declined to add a three-year protection plan to my newly purchased didgeridoo.
Where is the nearest didgeridoo repair shop?
I am a beast.
You cannot defeat me!
Let's go play basketball in the park.
After eating the bean salad, he had a six and seven-eighths pack.
I'm going to LA.
Find your higher power.
After writing a local guides review for the nearby dry cleaners, Tom drove his car into brick wall.
He felt empty inside.
I'm not on track with my diet!
Seriously, don't make me fart on your soup.
Find God, if you can.
Tom is in serious trouble.
No one is actually experiencing reality thanks to the oligarchy of billionaires.
We're enemies.
Dan believes this tie belongs to his wife's lover.
If his word were a bridge, I wouldn't cross it.
Would you mind walking the dog?
Could you please take the dog out for a walk?
Could you walk the dog?
How did you get this rusty junk approved by the Technical Inspection Association?
On whose authority did you do that?
Tom ordered Chinese food to go.
Do you feel God's ubiquity?
I'd like a large portion of rice, please.
Tom can prove that he's paid his debt.
Please put that on the invoice.
They are sceptical of all the newcomers.
We're learning Esperanto very quickly.
I'd like you to promise me that you won't repeat what you've seen lately to anyone.
An idea not properly analized is not worth to exploit, the same as a life without self judgment is not worth to be lived.
Please stay!
The dogs loathe cats.
I don't understand why it's so important for you.
Believe me, this situation is unpleasant for me, too.
I was walking home
She went to the movies alone.
I was not horrible.(women)
I w
Will you cheer for me?
David Beckham is english.
My name is Janez.
Look at us!
I want you to promise me you will never tell anyone what you have seen.
I am learning esperanto very quickly.
One large portion of rice please.
We are gonna buy ourselves a car.
Look me in the eyes.
God knows what it was.
But she had heard that an offspring, led by Trojan blood, would one day overturn the Tyrian citadels; from this would come a nation ruling widely and proud in war, for the destruction of Libya: thus the Fates spun out their destiny.
No matter which diet you choose, limiting your intake of carbohydrates is always a good idea.
The doctor recommended that I don't sweat the small stuff.
I noticed the air in my right front tire was low.
Luckily, I made it to the repair shop in time.
The mechanic found a nail in my tire.
Hold steady!
Take solace.
Encourage others.
Lift others up.
Find peace.
Be a mentor.
Be generous.
Share with your brother.
I miss the sun.
Do not call me that!
My foot is better.
Dark clouds are thirsty for the sun.
I know you know everything and you are counting on me.
This water tastes like a pipe.
I miss Michael Jackson.
Please let me poop in peace.
One time, after eating a bag of Turkish dried figs, I almost built a log cabin in the toilet.
The request queue was full.
Can I borrow your luggage for a short trip next weekend?
This database has a data integrity issue.
I'll never forget the moment I held a dolphin in my hands.
It's not the first time that I've seen this sentence.
I'll see you in Hell.
I am not disposable.
Do not let the dog jump on the coffee table!
The dog is happy.
I wish to be a dog when the world is too stressful for me.
I had to clear my dog's browser history.
Her desire for self-righteousness overwhelms the rest of her personality.
It sounds plausible to me.
The hint of stubble on his face evens out his ruddy looks.
Boil the milk.
The guillotine may not be perfect but it's the best system we have.
We're going to buy ourselves a car.
I have to pee.
He pees in an old orange juice bottle on long trips.
In the hot tub, Mary confessed to wearing adult diapers on long road trips to avoid stopping at rest stops.
I fucked your father.
I'm fucking your father.
I'm fucking your mother.
A decapitated planarian flatworm grows a new brain complete with all its old memories.
It takes no time.
"I have never heard of the Beatles" "Seriously? Someone who's never heard of the Beatles has been wasting their life."
You, stop staring off in class!
Each person judges well the things he knows.
He is a good judge of the things that he knows.
Therefore, a young person is not an appropriate student of politics.
A young person is unexperienced in the affairs of life.
The accounts are from and about those things.
Every art and every inquiry seem to aim at some good.
Every action and every undertaking seem to aim at some good.
Why should this make me angry?
There appears to be a difference of customs.
There appear to be different customs.
Custom is the ruler of all.
Law is the king of all.
Custom is the king of all.
The goal of medicine is health.
The goal of the practice of medicine is health.
Victory is the goal of strategy.
Victory is the end of strategy.
Wealth is the goal of managing one's affairs.
And if there is some goal of actions that we desire for itself, it is clear that that will be the Good and the best.
If that is so, we have to try to comprehend what it is.
We are each one, but together we are two.
Each is one, but together two.
It could be the turning point.
You can only find this in LA and here.
Do you have any shirts in extra-large?
You are blessed.
The website needs an overhaul.
Speaking French is a big plus for this position.
He wants to be a hipster.
Sitting in sun is good for you.
She refuses to recycle.
I'm not too happy with 80's music.
Are we all puppets?
Michael Jackson didn't invent the moon walk.
They were all innocent.
Youth will always rebel against the mindless machinations of social institutions.
Only the spiritually blind will harm others.
Yum. Fried cheese.
Why does fried cheese look so bad, but taste so good?
Can you find parking downtown?
Here comes your ship.
I like your beard stubble.
I wonder what is the best-tasting toasted insect.
Pull out of your nosedive, Tom.
Everything at this upscale restaurant is microwaved.
She is the sweetest.
I needed sunlight and vitamin D.
If you deconstruct my salad, I will deconstruct you.
You have to be twelve years-old to understand him.
Why did I travel eleven thousand miles just to eat a bowl of grubs for a midnight snack?
The sun is back.
The sun feels good.
The dog likes to nap in the sun.
I stole your wallet.
I used to skip rocks in this river.
I'm not sure if this strategic beard stubble is working for me.
I'm going to eat the rest of the spaghetti sauce when I get home.
I love spaghetti!
Some lady is talking about lung cancer while vaping.
That oxygen tank is sexy.
No one can cheat the system except the mobsters.
The dog likes to hide stale bread.
I am willing to sell.
The Internet thinks garlic bread is funny.
I'm tired of modern music.
This tastes bitter.
Sleep is one of the most important human functions.
I'm itchy.
I love my new pajamas!
The company headquarters is in Paris.
Please do not buy scones.
I think it fell between the seats.
Stop snorting when you laugh!
It smells like oatmeal.
I'm sore.
She's tired after a long week.
I drank her wine.
Pour the wine into the sauce.
Did you leave the toaster-oven on?
Someone stole my software manual from my office.
She thinks she's Chris Farley.
She's sleeping softly.
The dog is disinterested in the leftovers.
Your skin looks great.
Do you like my beard?
Do you have anything healthy to eat?
I like westerns.
My ancestor was a Mongolian horseman.
Pure genius. Your whole family is dying from smoking, but you still smoke.
She's breathing.
His dog is older than me.
Tom's dog got accepted to Glassboro.
Don't waste your money on those microwave restaurants.
Don't buy anything in a package.
He's into armed robbery.
He got those horrible tattoos and now he regrets it.
Network television hires the worst writers on earth.
We are very tired and irritable.
Day by day, vegetables are becoming more expensive.
I gave you my heart for you to love it, not for you to use it.
Maria isn't Tom's enemy.
Thanks for the quick admission!
I'm still waiting for you.
I know it for sure!
I missed you today, like every day!
Who is already awake?
Unfortunately, it's often like that.
That's life, unfortunately!
I wish you all a relaxing Thursday!
What you call love is nothing more than just attraction.
Who is my opponent?
Tom is richer than it seems.
What do you call love?
Maria also looked after the animals.
It's cold out and you're warm.
Warm me up.
It's freezing!
My hands and feet are freezing.
Suddenly smelling smoke could be a sign of stoke.
I'm a big fish in a small pond.
I bought too much cheese.
Who's sorry now?
I'm always looking for a new cheese.
At the sound of a minivan's side door slamming shut in the distance, Tom's dog exploded with a series of deafening barks.
May I have a pickle?
Bacon is an overly processed food. It is healthier to eat a pork chop.
After grandma stopped eating gluten, wheat, and grains, she had more energy and no longer needed to take afternoon naps.
This cheddar cheese is made from Welsh brown ale, horseradish, and mustard seeds.
I received a premium six-piece cheese knife set as a birthday gift.
There's a BMI checkpoint ahead. They're calculating people's BMI and making them pay a fat tax.
They're imprisoning gourmands for their sinful gluttony.
Tom's dog growled at the neighbors.
Pomegranate arils mixed with whole milk plain yogurt makes an extremely healthy and delicious addition to a meal.
Eating nuts will help you live five years longer.
Learning everything about diet and nutrition is as difficult as learning a new language.
Please, stop.
Different? How so?
Any news?
Any new adventures?
Who is your dermatologist?
Your skin looks fantastic.
In your later years, you will sincerely regret being critical of yourself.
Begin knocking on doors. One will open!
Be your own best friend.
Make someone happy.
Respect animals.
He's either a hipster or he comes from an imaginary Eastern European country.
Do I or don't I want the extra responsibility of maintaining a beard?
I just wanted to stop you and tell you how glorious your beard is.
I'm getting a caffeine high from this excellent coffee.
Don't wave that pickle at me while you're talking!
The fuse has been lit.
He's donating blood as much as he can.
You can donate blood if you have none of these restrictions.
She's opened her third eye but has closed the other two.
I was the third one there this morning.
The blood bank is closed on Fridays and Saturdays.
His massive physique saved no one.
During the outbreak, citizens were required to report any diarrhea to the authorities immediately.
Too much saturated fat gives me diarrhea.
Orange juice is guaranteed to give me diarrhea.
Fade to black.
After loosing too much bodily fluids, Tom began to hallucinate and he began to believe he was in the opulent interiors of the Titanic.
Here. Wear my coat.
How is your stomach?
Loosing hair on your head? Grow a beard.
This antique horsehair sofa smells like old cigars.
I pressed and dried wildflowers in between the pages of huge books.
The sheer curtains floated in the summer breeze.
He spent the day shopping for antique lace curtains.
He has an exclusive antiquities shop in Manhattan.
He grew up in an cultured environment.
He's developed an autoimmune disease from all these rare volumes.
You should see a specialist.
Nice Kool-Aid mustache, dude.
We're all "drinking the Kool-Aid" here.
He's not believable.
It's a modern design.
She was the victim of a car accident.
Tom looks great with his gunslinger beard and mustache.
His madness is genius and his genius is madness.
Her underwear was a bit too steampunk for me.
My new beard is itching like crazy.
This tastes like dishwater.
The decision is not optimal, but I concur.
Let us stroke our beards for a moment.
I'll ponder it.
Strike a pose.
He's such a poser.
He's a total tool.
The noise is too much for me.
I can understand your instructions.
Lemon water for table five, please.
I have a growing desire for dried Turkish apricots.
He went blind in one eye.
His estranged father is a psychopath.
Fresh dill will go nicely with the salmon.
Please teach me the magic of cooking with fresh herbs.
Would you like basil on your spaghetti?
No one can spell "spaghetti."
I'm sort of a pickle connoisseur.
Is there a Jewish deli nearby?
I am always thinking about eating.
What is the best cheese in your opinion?
He doesn't like baguettes. It's always quinoa with him.
He licks between my toes.
He messed up.
He screwed up.
We're paying too much for citrus.
Can we replace our psychopaths with computer programs?
This sunlight feels great.
The elite know what they are doing when they deprive workers of sunlight.
Can you give me an update?
Saturn's daughter, fearing it, and remembering the protracted war which she had first waged at Troy on behalf of her beloved Argives -- the causes of her anger and her fierce grievances had still not died down in her soul.
What is your agenda today?
I wish I could return to Paris and order a dozen oysters at an outdoor cafe while soaking in the sun.
Protect your heart.
Which folder should I open?
You will not deter me!
Thank you, you have fixed it.
I am never satiated.
I dream of the perfect Lebanese meal.
That was silly of me.
Fuck this beard! It itches!
She has crabs now that they are in season.
He's a different person.
Health is diet on the one hand and cardiovascular fitness on the other.
I don't want to be a stereotype.
I get it now. I really get it.
I've got quinoa coming out my ass.
Church steeples - overturned funnels to lead prayers to heaven.
What favorable wind pushed you towards us?
Drought increases the risk of fires.
The proportion of ozone increases sharply.
Tom has increased the power of his bike.
Does this meet your expectations?
Tom is spinning a bad cotton.
The profits exceeded all our expectations.
The spider spins its web.
My son is one and a half years old.
Tom was declared the winner by forfeit.
Mandarins are rich in vitamins.
We thought he was rich.
Mary cared for the sick and the poor.
Tom had foreseen his reproaches.
You must advance step by step.
Mandarin oranges are rich in vitamins.
One must prove the merits of a claim.
If I were you, I would change the tires already.
Children are not allowed in the front seat.
Tom ate ice cream at Chantilly.
"Do you want an apple?" "No thanks, I've already eaten two."
What are you eating for lunch?
Tom went to eat a sandwich in a small cafe.
Does your snake bite?
Roll the die!
Want to play a game?
Look at this horrible, watery soup!
This soup is wonderful!
Peel an orange.
"No gluten or somebody gets hurt," said the gangster.
I'll count to ten.
I'm plum tuckered.
All these bananas are bruised.
"I saw a giant purple monkey and it was eating a bowl of beautiful goats," said no one, ever.
To hell with this beard!
All over the world, people are growing fatter.
Please peel this orange for me.
I made a regrettable mistake.
I'm plum tuckered out.
What a jerk.
I'm all tuckered out.
What a con.
Now, let's eat.
What an extensive program!
What effrontery!
By a hundred.
Oh, dear!
What an abomination!
Hold in your farts until this is over.
You had the beef, you the chicken, and you the potatoes. If we all fart at once, they won't be able to identify the culprit.
I can't hold this fart in much longer!
Tom has only done that two times.
Go lunch with me or I'll fart.
He can fart on a dime.
This plum wine is from the previous century.
We're not allowed to shave our cats here.
Can I wash and blow dry your cat?
Would you like to smell a rare and deadly fart?
Tom doesn't want to wait in line.
This car seat collects farts and returns the favor the next morning.
This car seat has a sort of "fart memory."
Are there still wolves around here?
So you think you're special?
And what is the answer?
Was this the first time?
Your beard looks horrible!
Are your kids still in bed?
Wash your beard.
You stink to high heaven.
Hose him off.
Lift the seat before you pee.
It's too bad you can't come to the party.
"Translate this sentence and no one gets hurt," said the gangster.
Don't make me sit up.
"All I want to do is eat chocolate," said Mary.
"Can I borrow a cup of sugar?" said Mary.
Can I borrow a cup of sugar?
Could I borrow a cup of sugar?
"Is this your wallet? I found it in the street," said Tom.
Is this your wallet?
I found your wallet on the backseat of my car.
I think the wallet that Tom found is yours.
I'd like you to look over these documents.
I think I'll have one more ice cream cone.
Tom is obsessed with dieting and food.
Tom should become obsessed with fitness next.
Tom needs to think.
I miss Benny Hill.
We need some relief from the dog farts.
Mary felt a sense of pride.
When Mary was single, she would have a farting contest with her dog every night.
In Soviet Russia, beard shaves you.
If you had taken the map, we wouldn't have been lost.
Didn't you use to have a cat?
What changed her mind?
They'll change their minds.
Elbonia is a shithole country.
Mary likes to make a quick Persian mustard salad dressing with 2 tablespoons of Dijon mustard, 1 teaspoon of white wine vinegar, 1 tablespoon of olive oil, salt, and pepper.
It was a nice surprise to return home and see a present sitting in the porch.
"This is my first pickle factory tour," said Tom.
Tomorrow I'll be better.
I've never heard Tom complain.
The more one works, the more one earns.
"How can I procure an endless supply of nachos?" thought Tom out loud on the bus ride to Paris.
"Can dogs talk?" asked Tom. "Of course not," said the family cat.
Mobsters stole a truckload of frog legs, but the police never bothered to investigate.
I can't do it today. You should come tomorrow.
"Tom, what is your dog's name?" asked his neighbor.
"Tom, you are allowed to grow a mutton chop beard, but you will be fined five dollars every working day," said his employer.
Tom was furious about the people wearing fur on the movie set.
"Something is rotten in my Danish beard," said Tom, itching his mutton chops furiously.
"Alight and up take the sword of freedom. For the light shines and all the good poets are dead!" said Tom before he fell off the balcony to his death.
Walking another family's dog other than your own is considered cheating.
And so, what do you propose?
I see a big difference.
What time was it?
Do you have a collection of these?
Put them in the basket.
Simon says, "Stop reading this sentence."
"He is an advanced jerk," said Mary, throwing her phone into her purse.
I've told a whole lot of lies and I don't want you to talk to them because I'll never remember what I've said.
I'll tell you what happened. You started blabbering and they figured the whole plot out. We're screwed!
His car theft charges were dropped, after the police commissioner's house mysteriously burnt down.
He is just musically gifted. He mastered the guitar in one year at the age of 15.
"Mary, remember those small wax bottles with flavored syrup inside that we used to eat as kids?" said Tom while shoving ten of them into her mouth at one time.
"Hey, Mary! Remember when I was so fat that I would drop food into my fat folds and it would begin to rot a few days later?" said Tom into the phone from the hospital gurney.
"Life laid in from of me. Her name was Mary. All two-hundred and eighty pounds of her," wrote Tom in his diary while drinking wine by candlelight.
He was super creepy.
"Oh, Tom has talent. A lot of it. He's given me venereal disease three times this year. And it's only January!" wrote Mary in an online Internet forum while wiping away tears.
The doctor attended to the sick old man all night, pouring shot after shot of whiskey into the old man's open mouth until he died.
"Susan got sick from Tom's horrible beef stew. But now I find out that she's carrying his twins!" said Mary to her mother over the phone.
"Tom, I can see your house -- from my sniper scope!" said Mary over her cell. Luckily for Tom it was just Mary wearing a Halloween costume and not a real ninja assassin calling him.
"Tom, a proper hunger strike does not include protein-style hamburgers," said Mary.
Being unable to detect sarcasm is a warning sign for frontotemporal dementia.
Your dog is a furry little egotistical jerk.
Tom's face detected an unsupported facial hair configuration.
There wasn't a single seat available on the overcrowded bus.
Tom threw up all over his clothes.
Tom threw up on me.
Tom suffers from stage fright.
The news hit Tom like a ton of bricks.
Please run another test.
Please run another test. There must be some mistake.
The ball hit the back of the net.
That puck almost hit the back of the net.
Mary's eyes widened.
"Can you understand that?" "No, I can't."
We celebrated Tom's birthday.
I've never fainted before.
"Are you all right?" "Yeah, l'm fine."
Tom hasn't changed at all.
Mary hasn't changed at all.
He hasn't changed at all.
She hasn't changed at all.
Tom walked in on them kissing.
Tom's mother had walked in on them kissing.
Tom's mother walked in on them kissing.
Tom said goodbye to his friends and got on the airplane.
I took a vacation.
We went skiing.
Tom and Mary went skiing.
Tom took a video of Mary surfing and posted it on his Instagram.
Tom liked Mary's picture on Instagram.
We went surfing every day.
The waves were amazing.
This physicist studies waves.
Tom is an avid surfer.
About 68% of Instagram users are female.
Tom surfed with dolphins.
Tom had surfed many times with dolphins before.
I'm exhausted after all that driving.
You and Tom are so cute!
Mary dried her hair with a hair dryer.
Mary has a wicked sense of humor.
"It was your idea." "I know."
Tom wants to make everyone happy.
Maybe he forgot.
I've dreamed about it since I was a child.
Tom took about 15 selfies.
The wind lifted her hair.
Tom gave the puck away.
Tom dumped the puck in.
She kissed his cheek.
Mary kissed Tom's cheek.
Tom took surf lessons.
Do you like winter?
I have a car, but I don't have a horse.
The goalie deflected the puck with his stick.
The blonde's name is Mary.
Tom took a selfie in front of the mirror.
Mary pulled her hair in a bun.
"Don't forget." "I won't."
Tom slept on the floor that night.
Tom slept on the sofa that night.
"If you don't need it anymore, give it to me." "What do you mean? My husband?" " Your red sweater! "
My son is allergic to antibiotics.
We are going to the beach.
I don't get bored alone at home.
Tom wants to be strong.
Tom wants to have a nice body to impress girls at the beach.
What is Mary afraid of?
"Do you like him?" "No." "Why are you blushing then?"
Tom's parents are strict.
Dolphins are social animals.
Mary has long, shiny hair.
Mary is a surfer.
Tom has a six-pack.
I'm so glad I did this.
I'm so glad we did this.
I'm so glad I went surfing today.
Tom only wears brand-name clothes.
Mary only wears designer clothing.
Tom put on his wetsuit.
Mary only wears designer clothes.
Tom only wears designer clothes.
The other girls laughed.
The other boys laughed.
Tom knew that he wouldn't be punished.
Tom was the only one who got injured.
Tom was the only one who was hurt.
In the garden there are many red flowers.
"Do you like him?" "No." "Then why are you blushing?"
Mary took a selfie while making a duck face.
Tom took a selfie while flexing his muscles.
The tourist took a picture of the famous monument while pretending to support it with his hand.
Tom took a picture of himself pretending to push the Tower of Pisa.
All the tourists took the same pictures.
Tom took thousands of pictures during his vacation, but then never looked at them.
Tom showed me his phone.
Mary showed me her phone.
Tom held his phone up to take a selfie.
Please don't make that duck face ever again.
Tom is a real charmer.
Tom made friends with everybody he met.
Mary made friends with everyone she met.
Tom's favorite pictures are the ones that feature members of his family and friends.
Tom stole Mary's phone and took a bunch of selfies before sneaking it back into her purse.
The brunette's name is Mary.
Mary has salt-and-pepper hair.
Tom played soccer with the local children.
Mary sent a picture of herself to a boy she liked in her class.
Tom sent a text message to a girl he liked in his class.
Tom was Mary's late husband's best friend.
When do you intend to come home this evening?
"How long did you believe in Santa Claus?" "I never believed in Santa Claus. We had the Christkind."
Everyone in Hawaii received an emergency alert that a ballistic missile was inbound.
Tom watched an infomercial.
The false alarm was caused by human error.
Smiling is contagious.
Tom has a contagious smile.
Mary has a contagious smile.
Tom is one of the best surfers on the West Coast.
Why can't I go to the party?
I don't really know what I'm doing.
The locals were friendly.
The surfers partied on the beach.
The Marine Mammal Protection Act (MMPA) was enacted on October 21, 1972.
Abalone once supported important commercial and recreational fisheries in California, but the impacts of overfishing and disease have prompted the listing of two species of abalone, white and black, as endangered under the Endangered Species Act.
Eulachon are an anadromous forage fish and are endemic to the northeastern Pacific Ocean; they range from northern California to southwest and south-central Alaska and into the southeastern Bering Sea.
The MMPA prohibits, with certain exceptions, the "take" of marine mammals in U.S. waters and by U.S. citizens on the high seas, and the importation of marine mammals and marine mammal products into the U.S.
All cetaceans (whales, dolphins, and porpoises), all sirenians (manatees and dugongs) and several marine carnivores (seals, otters, walrus, and polar bears) are protected under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES).
The surfers were looking for the perfect wave.
Twenty-six species of sturgeon can be found in temperate waters of the Northern Hemisphere, two of which reside on the West Coast of North America: the green sturgeon ( Acipenser medirostris) and the white sturgeon (Acipenser trensmontanus).
Salmon and steelhead start their lives in freshwater streams and tributaries. They then migrate downstream, rearing and maturing, before they reach the ocean. They live in the ocean for 2 to 5 years, migrating thousands of miles, before beginning the journey upstream to their natal streams where they spawn to produce the next generation of fish.
This remarkable life cycle is what makes salmon and steelhead truly unique.
Tom and Mary camped out on the beach.
The leatherback turtle is the largest turtle and one of the largest living reptiles in the world.
As its name suggests, the leatherback is the only sea turtle that doesn't have a hard bony shell.
Leatherbacks are found across the globe in temperate and tropical latitudes and are highly migratory.
Pacific leatherbacks face significant threats from entanglement and/or hooking in fisheries (bycatch), direct harvest - including eggs and adults - coastal development, pollution, marine debris, disease and climate change.
The harvest of sea turtles and their eggs for food or any other domestic or commercial use constitutes a widespread threat to the species.
Human populations are growing rapidly in many areas of the coastal Pacific and this expansion is exerting increasing pressure on limited resources.
Coastal development and village sprawl is occurring at a rapid rate and is resulting in a loss of sea turtle nesting areas with associated disturbance of nesting females.
Sea urchins have spines.
Shore crabs hide under rocks.
Tidepool sculpins can change color and pattern to match their surroundings.
A decorator crab attaches tiny animals to its back so it's practically invisible.
Gooseneck barnacles sweep the water with their feathery legs to catch plankton.
Aggregating anemones use their tentacles to sting and paralyze prey.
Bat stars stick their stomachs and digestive juices over their food to liquefy it.
Although tide pool creatures can survive harsh conditions, human visitors can easily disturb them.
A simple act like turning over a rock and exposing the animals to the sun can harm them.
When you visit tide pools, do your part to preserve this special place.
Step Lightly. Most rocks are covered with living animals and plants. Step carefully to avoid crushing them.
Sit quietly and watch for a few minutes.
Sit quietly and watch for a few minutes. You'll see and learn much more this way.
If you touch an animal or plant, touch it gently.
Leave everything as you found it.
Strict laws govern collecting tide pool life.
Enjoy seashore life in its natural environment and leave the plants and animals exactly as you found them.
Keep an eye out for waves, and don't turn your back on the ocean.
Dress in layers and bring sunscreen and sunglasses.
Our very existence and future depends upon the sea, yet oceans worldwide are being harmed by human activities such as pollution, habitat destruction, over-harvesting and coastal development.
The ocean covers more than 70 percent of the earth, but is among the least explored ecosystem.
If we are to live on this planet in ways that sustain our needs, we must better understand the world's ocean, and accord it the protection it deserves.
The Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary was designated September 18, 1992 by the federal government under the authority of the National Marine Sanctuaries Act.
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), under the United States Department of Commerce (DOC), manages the National Marine Sanctuary System, which includes 13 sites and one marine national monument.
I can't move my fingers.
We were stuck in the middle of nowhere.
Suddenly, they were all over each.
Suddenly, they were making out.
These waters are rich in nutrients.
Humpback whales are often curious and may swim right alongside your boat, even rolling side-ways to look up at people.
Dress warmly and in layers.
It can be much colder on the water.
Wear sunscreen and bring sunglasses.
Take seasickness medication at least an hour before you board.
Wear flat, rubber-soled shoes.
Whales, dolphins and porpoises are divided into two groups: toothed and baleen.
Baleen whales, such as gray and humpback whales, have hundreds of comb-like plates with stiff bristles growing from the upper jaw to strain small food from huge mouthfuls of water.
Toothed whales, including dolphins, porpoises, sperm whales and orcas, use sharp, pointed teeth to catch fish and other large prey.
About 85% of the California coast experiences active erosion due to natural, and anthropogenic causes.
Hard surfaces, such as concrete, cover large portions of land, impede the natural absorption of water, and thus exacerbate surficial erosion on adjacent unprotected land.
Seawalls are barriers, usually vertical walls, between the land and water that protect from wave erosion.
Coastal armoring can potentially damage or alter local coastal habitats, deprive beaches of sand, lead to accelerated erosion of adjacent beaches, hinder access and present problems with public safety.
Currents, waves, and wind normally transport sediment throughout the littoral system. Armoring of the coast can interfere with littoral transport, which in a natural state may reach a dynamic equilibrium.
Armoring also causes deflection of wave energy, which can accelerate erosion of nearby sites, expanding the need for shoreline armoring structures.
As cliffs and sand dunes retreat, the vacated area becomes part of the beach environment and the position of the beach shifts landward.
Building a protective structure in front of a cliff or dune temporarily stabilizes the seaward location of the cliff or dune edge, however beach erosion continues. Since no new beach area is created through cliff or dune retreat, a net loss of beach area occurs.
Coastal armoring can result in the loss of beach and intertidal areas.
Tom and Mary helped clean up the beach.
Tom and Mary went whale watching.
The Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary is one of the best places in the world to see marine wildlife. You can see seals, sea lions, sea otters, whales, dolphins and seabirds any time of year!
Keep your distance! You're too close if an animal starts to stare, fidget or flee. Slowly back away and stay at least 150 feet (46 meters) away.
Stay away from animals that appear sick, injured or abandoned.
Mothers often leave young behind while feeding offshore. Even a lone sea otter or seal pup is probably not abandoned!
Don't feed wildlife. Human food can attract them and make them sick, a potentially dangerous situation for all.
Keep pets on a leash.
Pets can disturb or harm wildlife, or cause mothers and babies to get separated.
Leave tide pool and beach animals where you find them. They die quickly if removed from their home.
Avoid sensitive habitats. Observe signs directing you away from important nesting or resting areas.
Dispose of trash properly and pick up litter.
Animals can get entangled in debris or mistake it for food.
Help others become responsible wildlife watchers.
Speak up if you notice other viewers behaving in a way that disturbs wildlife.
Use environmentally safe cleansers and garden products.
Buy only the products that you really need and produce as little trash as possible, recycling what you don't need.
Never touch, handle or ride marine wildlife.
Why do we buy eggs by the dozen?
Touching wildlife, or attempting to do so, can injure the animal, put you at risk and may also be illegal for certain species.
The slimy coating on fish and many marine invertebrates protects the animal from infection and is easily rubbed off with a hand, glove or foot.
Wild animals may bite, body slam or even pull you underwater if startled or threatened.
Feeding or attempting to attract wildlife with food, decoys, sound or light disrupts normal feeding cycles, may cause sickness or death from unnatural or contaminated food items, and habituates animals to people.
Do not feed or attract marine wildlife.
Human garbage is one of the greatest threats to marine wildlife.
When operating a boat, lead by example and reduce your speed in areas frequented by marine wildlife, anchor properly and encourage others to do the same.
Habituated animals are vulnerable to vessel strikes or vandalism, and can be dangerous to people.
Never completely surround the animal, trap an animal between a vessel and shore, block its escape route, or come between mother and young.
The protected waters of Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary are home to the third-largest barrier coral reef in the world and beckon millions of visitors each year.
Seals have small flippers, wriggle on their bellies on land and lack visible ear flaps.
Sea otters are smaller than seals and sea lions, have stubby front paws and rest by floating on their back.
Quiet and shy, harbor seals can be seen year-round resting on rocks just offshore.
Often curious, harbor seals will watch people walking along the shore or follow divers or kayakers in the water.
Although they spend most of the year feeding far offshore, elephant seals can be seen on beaches and islands when breeding, pupping or resting.
In winter, huge elephant seal males with large elephant-like noses and long canine teeth engage in bloody battles to establish territories and harems of females.
Usually found in or near kelp forests, sea otters dine on invertebrates such as snails, crabs, octopuses, urchins, and abalone.
Sea otters often use small rocks to crack open hard-shelled prey.
Since sea otters lack blubber, they burn calories quickly and eat up to 25 percent of their body weight a day.
Sea otters rest by wrapping themselves in kelp to keep from drifting away.
To keep their thick fur waterproof, sea otters spend hours grooming.
Sea otters were hunted to near-extinction for their fur in the 1700s and 1800s.
Shorebirds and waders, such as sandpipers, plovers, avocets, herons and egrets, forage along wetlands and beaches of the sanctuary.
Some seabirds, like albatrosses, and storm-petrels, remain far out at sea where they feed and rest, coming ashore only to breed.
The shoreline and coastal wetlands provide critical feeding and resting habitat for shorebirds and waders.
Threats to marine bird populations worldwide include competition for food with fisheries; entanglement in fishing gear; ingestion of marine debris and disturbance of roosting and breeding birds by watercraft, aircraft, humans and introduced species (especially cats, rats and foxes), environmental pollution and oil spills.
Encompassing more than 5,300 square miles, the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary is one of the richest, most diverse marine environments in the world encompassing wave-swept beaches, lush kelp forests, and one of the deepest underwater canyons in North America.
Fish, birds, and mammals are especially sensitive to even small amounts of toxic compounds in oil, fuel, and other petroleum products.
Wildlife can get entangled in plastic items or mistake them for food.
Animals may die of starvation or poisoning when plastic is in their stomachs.
Always stow your trash for disposal in port.
Recycle and reduce solid waste by using reusable products.
Speeding boats are dangerous to marine life and people.
Please drive slowly near sensitive habitats such as kelp forests and bird rookeries to minimize disturbance.
Although it may be tempting to approach marine mammals and birds for a closer look, these are protected, wild animals. It is against federal law to disturb them or cause them to change their behavior.
In ideal conditions, giant kelp can grow up to 18 inches per day.
The giant kelp canopies tower above the ocean floor.
Kelp is the backbone of Monterey Bay coastal ecology.
Like the trees in a forest these giant algae provide food and shelter for the many organisms dependent on these plants.
Storms and large weather events, like the El Nino, can tear and dislodgethe kelp, leaving a tattered winter forest to begin its growth again each spring.
On the rocks where the holdfasts secure kelp fronds to the bottom live many invertebrates including abalone, sea urchins and sea stars.
Among the kelp blades live a variety of fish - particularly juveniles.
The subtidal reefs host a myriad of sponges, anemones and corals, whose presence converts the dark rock to fields of vibrant color.
At first glance the sand seems barren and unproductive. After a while, if you are careful not to kick up sand, you might see tiny benthic communities of tube-building worms come alive as they sweep the passing nutrient rich waters with tentacles to capture food.
If you are really lucky you may encounter a cluster of living sand dollars, half buried in the sand.
Today I feel good
I ate enough
There wasn't enough room for everyone.
This boat is not seaworthy.
Tom surfed the large wave.
A dog could never be President of the United States. He would give away state secrets for back scratches.
Extraterrestrials would probably prefer the company of autists rather than illogical and emotional non-autists.
Step #1: Buy a puppy. Step #2: Buy a stethoscope. Step #3: Feed puppy a huge meal. Step #4: Listen to all the awesome gurgling sounds in the puppy's little tummy.
A plane skidded off the runway at Trazbon Airport in Turkey, almost ending up into the sea.
I like that lamp.
Each bedroom has an en suite bathroom.
Each bedroom has a private bathroom.
Mary saw Tom making out with a random girl.
Mary is a dance instructor.
Tom wore an oversized T-shirt.
Mary wore an oversized T-shirt.
Mary wore one of Tom's T-shirts.
Did you hear that Tom and Mary broke up?
"Did you hear that Tom and Mary broke up?" "What? Really?"
A nation's greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members.
There are five people in our family.
There are three children in my family.
His parents had a baby.
They can still change their minds.
This breed of dog grooms itself like a cat.
The puppy is sleeping on my head.
As a general rule, one should not whittle sticks in the dark.
Mr. Sherlock Holmes who was usually very late in the mornings, save upon those not infrequent occasions when he stayed up all night, was seated at the breakfast table.
Well, Watson, what do you make of it?
How did you know what I was doing?
How did you know what I was doing? I believe you have eyes in the back of your head.
Mary laughed nervously.
It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it.
He had never said as much before, and I must admit that his words gave me keen pleasure, for I had often been piqued by his indifference to my admiration.
Has anything escaped me?
I am afraid, my dear Watson, that most of your conclusions were erroneous.
When I said that you stimulated me I meant, to be frank, that in noting your fallacies I was occasionally guided towards the truth.
He was a very tall, thin man, with a long nose like a beak, which shot out between two keen, grey eyes, set closely together and sparkling brightly from behind a pair of gold-rimmed glasses.
Sherlock Holmes waved our strange visitor into a chair.
This family paper was committed to my care by Sir Charles Baskerville, whose sudden and tragic death some three months ago created so much excitement in Devonshire.
I was his personal friend as well as his medical attendant.
He was a strong-minded man, sir, shrewd, practical, and as unimaginative as I am myself.
Holmes leaned back in his chair, placed his finger-tips together, and closed his eyes.
Dr. Mortimer turned the manuscript to the light, and read in a high, crackling voice the following curious, old-world narrative.
Of the origin of the Hound of the Baskervilles there have been many statements, yet as I come in a direct line from Hugo Baskerville, and as I had the story from my father, who also had it from his, I have set it down with all belief that it occurred even as is here set forth.
Know then that in the time of the Great Rebellion this Manor of Baskerville was held by Hugo of that name, nor can it be gainsaid that he was a most wild, profane, and godless man.
It chanced that this Hugo came to love (if, indeed, so dark a passion may be known under so bright a name) the daughter of a yeoman who held lands near the Baskerville estate. But the young maiden, being discreet and of good repute, would ever avoid him, for she feared his evil name.
So it came to pass that one Michaelmas this Hugo, with five or six of his idle and wicked companions, stole down upon the farm and carried off the maiden, her father and brothers being from home, as he well knew.
He found the cage empty and the bird escaped.
He cried aloud before all the company that he would that very night render his body and soul to the Powers of Evil if he might but overtake the wench.
While the revellers stood aghast at the fury of the man, one more wicked or, it may be, more drunken than the rest, cried out that they should put the hounds upon her.
Now, for some space the revellers stood agape, unable to understand all that had been done in such haste.
But anon their bemused wits awoke to the nature of the deed which was like to be done upon the moorlands.
Everything was now in an uproar, some calling for their pistols, some for their horses, and some for another flask of wine.
The moon shone clear above them, and they rode swiftly abreast, taking that course which the maid must needs have taken if she were to reach her own home.
They had gone a mile or two when they passed one of the night shepherds upon the moorlands, and they cried to him to know if he had seen the hunt.
The man, as the story goes, was so crazed with fear that he could scarce speak, but at last he said that he had indeed seen the unhappy maiden, with the hounds upon her track.
But soon their skins turned cold, for there came a sound of galloping across the moor, and the black mare, dabbled with white froth, went past with trailing bridle and empty saddle.
The company had come to a halt, more sober men, as you may guess, than when they started.
Three of the men, the boldest, or it may be, the most drunken, rode forward down the goyal. Now, it opened into a broad space in which stood two of those great stones, still to be seen there, which were set by certain forgotten peoples in the days of old.
The moon was shining bright upon the clearing, and there in the centre lay the unhappy maid where she had fallen, dead of fear and of fatigue.
But it was not the sight of her body, nor yet was it that of the body of Hugo Baskerville lying near her, which raised the hair upon the heads of these three dare-devil roysterers, but it was that, standing over Hugo, and plucking at his throat, there stood a foul thing, a great, black beast, shaped like a hound, yet larger than any hound that ever mortal eye has rested upon.
And even as they looked the thing tore the throat out of Hugo Baskerville, on which, as it turned its blazing eyes and dripping jaws upon them, the three shrieked with fear and rode for dear life, still screaming, across the moor.
One, it is said, died that very night of what he had seen, and the other twain were but broken men for the rest of their days.
Such is the tale, my sons, of the coming of the hound which is said to have plagued the family so sorely ever since.
It cannot be denied that many of the family have been unhappy in their deaths, which have been sudden, bloody, and mysterious.
I counsel you by way of caution to forbear from crossing the moor in those dark hours when the powers of evil are exalted.
This from Hugo Baskerville to his sons Rodger and John, with instructions that they say nothing thereof to their sister Elizabeth.
When Dr. Mortimer had finished reading this singular narrative he pushed his spectacles up on his forehead and stared across at Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
Dr. Mortimer drew a folded newspaper out of his pocket.
This is the Devon County Chronicle of June 14th of this year. It is a short account of the facts elicited at the death of Sir Charles Baskerville which occurred a few days before that date.
The recent sudden death of Sir Charles Baskerville has cast a gloom over the county.
Though Sir Charles had resided at Baskerville Hall for a comparatively short period his amiability of character and extreme generosity had won the affection and respect of all who had been brought into contact with him.
Suddenly they were kissing passionately.
They started kissing wildly.
In these days of nouveaux riches it is refreshing to find a case where the scion of an old county family which has fallen upon evil days is able to make his own fortune and to bring it back with him to restore the fallen grandeur of his line.
Sir Charles, as is well known, made large sums of money in South African speculation.
More wise than those who go on until the wheel turns against them, he realised his gains and returned to England with them.
One day, Mary received a dozen roses.
His lips were soft.
Her lips were soft.
Tom was suddenly logged out of Tatoeba.
Apple has admitted that it slows down older iPhones.
Tom readjusted his glasses.
Being himself childless, it was his openly expressed desire that the whole countryside should, within his own lifetime, profit by his good fortune.
Sir Charles was a widower, and a man who may be said to have been in some ways of an eccentric habit of mind.
In spite of his considerable wealth he was simple in his personal tastes.
The facts of the case are simple.
The young man when last heard of was in America, and inquiries are being instituted with a view to informing him of his good fortune.
I am telling that which I have not confided to any one.
The moor is very sparsely inhabited.
Tom is a bad kisser.
Tom's heart started racing.
Mary's heart started racing.
Coal is a dying industry.
This boy is my brother.
This girl is my sister.
Tom and Mary looked at each other, and then suddenly they started kissing.
My mum likes it too.
Tom became much more relaxed.
The idea of some ghastly presence constantly haunted him.
The constant anxiety in which he lived, however chimerical the cause of it might be, was evidently having a serious effect upon his health.
I carefully examined the body, which had not been touched until my arrival.
Sir Charles lay on his face, his arms out, his fingers dug into the ground, and his features convulsed with some strong emotion to such an extent that I could hardly have sworn to his identity.
I confess at these words a shudder passed through me.
Holmes leaned forward in his excitement, and his eyes had the hard, dry glitter which shot from them when he was keenly interested.
How was it that no one else saw it?
Since the tragedy, Mr. Holmes, there have come to my ears several incidents which are hard to reconcile with the settled order of Nature.
I find that before the terrible event occurred several people had seen a creature upon the moor which corresponds with this Baskerville demon, and which could not possibly be any animal known to science.
They all agreed that it was a huge creature, luminous, ghastly, and spectral.
I have cross-examined these men, one of them a hard-headed countryman, one a farrier, and one a moorland farmer, who all tell the same story of this dreadful apparition, exactly corresponding to the hell-hound of the legend.
I assure you that there is a reign of terror in the district, and that it is a hardy man who will cross the moor at night.
He fled to Central America, and died there in 1876 of yellow fever.
Henry is the last of the Baskervilles.
In one hour and five minutes I meet him at Waterloo Station.
But surely, if your supernatural theory be correct, it could work the young man evil in London as easily as in Devonshire. A devil with merely local powers like a parish vestry would be too inconceivable a thing.
I knew that seclusion and solitude were very necessary for my friend in those hours of intense mental concentration during which he weighed every particle of evidence, constructed alternative theories, balanced one against the other, and made up his mind as to which points were essential and which immaterial.
I therefore spent the day at my club, and did not return to Baker Street until evening.
Through the haze I had a vague vision of Holmes in his dressing-gown coiled up in an armchair with his black clay pipe between his lips.
The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes.
Henry Baskerville was a small, alert, dark-eyed man about thirty years of age, very sturdily built, with thick black eyebrows and a strong, pugnacious face
Sherlock Holmes had, in a very remarkable degree, the power of detaching his mind at will. For two hours the strange business in which we had been involved appeared to be forgotten, and he was entirely absorbed in the pictures of the modern Belgian masters.
He would talk of nothing but art.
The consultation is free.
I got a new foot pedal for my guitar.
Another ship sank.
I wonder who sent me those roses.
Mary and I got engaged.
Bear in mind, Sir Henry, one of the phrases in that queer old legend which Dr. Mortimer has read to us, and avoid the moor in those hours of darkness when the powers of evil are exalted.
Keep your revolver near you night and day, and never relax your precautions.
Our friends had already secured a first-class carriage and were waiting for us upon the platform.
The journey was a swift and pleasant one.
Red cows grazed in well-hedged fields where the lush grasses and more luxuriant vegetation spoke of a richer, if a damper climate.
Young Baskerville stared eagerly out of the window, and cried aloud with delight as he recognised the familiar features of the Devon scenery.
Tom got fired after spending more than $10,000 at a strip club with his company's credit card.
Over the green squares of the fields and the low curve of a wood there rose in the distance a grey, melancholy hill, with a strange jagged summit, dim and vague in the distance, like some fantastic landscape in a dream.
There were pride, valour, and strength in his thick brows, his sensitive nostrils, and his large hazel eyes.
If on that forbidding moor a difficult and dangerous quest should lie before us, this was at least a comrade for whom one might venture to take a risk with the certainty that he would bravely share it.
The train pulled up at a small wayside station, and we all descended.
Rolling pasture lands curved upward on either side of us, and old gabled houses peeped out from amid the thick green foliage.
But behind the peaceful and sunlit country-side there rose ever, dark against the evening sky, the long, gloomy curve of the moor, broken by the jagged and sinister hills.
Bronzing bracken and mottled bramble gleamed in the light of the sinking sun.
Still steadily rising, we passed over a narrow granite bridge, and skirted a noisy stream which gushed swiftly down, foaming and roaring amid the grey boulders.
Both road and stream wound up through a valley dense with scrub oak and fir.
At every turn Baskerville gave an exclamation of delight, looking eagerly about him and asking countless questions.
To his eyes all seemed beautiful, but to me a tinge of melancholy lay upon the country-side, which bore so clearly the mark of the waning year.
Yellow leaves carpeted the lanes and fluttered down upon us as we passed.
A steep curve of heath-clad land, an outlying spur of the moor, lay in front of us.
On the summit, hard and clear like an equestrian statue upon its pedestal, was a mounted soldier, dark and stern, his rifle poised ready over his forearm.
The soldier was watching the road along which we travelled.
I remembered the case well, for it was one in which Holmes had taken an interest on account of the peculiar ferocity of the crime and the wanton brutality which had marked all the actions of the assassin.
Our wagonette had topped a rise and in front of us rose the huge expanse of the moor, mottled with gnarled and craggy cairns and tors. A cold wind swept down from it and set us shivering.
Somewhere there, on that desolate plain, was lurking this fiendish man, hiding in a burrow like a wild beast, his heart full of malignancy against the whole race which had cast him out. It needed but this to complete the grim suggestiveness of the barren waste, the chilling wind, and the darkling sky.
We had left the fertile country behind and beneath us. We looked back on it now, the slanting rays of a low sun turning the streams to threads of gold and glowing on the red earth new turned by the plough and the broad tangle of the woodlands.
The road in front of us grew bleaker and wilder over huge russet and olive slopes, sprinkled with giant boulders.
Now and then we passed a moorland cottage, walled and roofed with stone.
The lodge was a ruin of black granite and bared ribs of rafters.
Baskerville shuddered as he looked up the long, dark drive to where the house glimmered like a ghost at the farther end.
From this central block rose the twin towers, ancient, crenellated, and pierced with many loopholes.
A dull light shone through heavy mullioned windows.
From the high chimneys which rose from the steep, high-angled roof there sprang a single black column of smoke.
Welcome, Sir Henry! Welcome to Baskerville Hall!
The door clanged heavily behind us.
In the great old-fashioned fireplace behind the high iron dogs a log-fire crackled and snapped.
Ukko is the god of the sky, weather, harvest and thunder in Finnish mythology.
He's quitting.
He's quitting and going back to school.
I love eggplant anything.
I want to visit all the ex-French colonies.
It's boiling underneath his skin.
The table is wobbly.
His new mustache looked like it belonged to some schmuck from Bergen County, New Jersey. So he shaved it off, placed it in an envelope, and mailed it to Paramus.
He's an eager beaver.
I saw his dark face lit up with a boyish enthusiasm as he gazed about him.
A square balustraded gallery ran round the top of the old hall.
These rooms appeared to be much more modern than the central part of the house.
Black beams shot across above our heads, with a smoke-darkened ceiling beyond them.
This doesn't answer my question.
Tom and Mary know each other so well that they can finish each other's thoughts.
Tom and Mary can finish each other's sentences.
They were passionately in love.
Tom and Mary held hands and watched the sun set over the ocean.
Tom and I could finish each other's thought.
Tom felt a pain in his chest.
Mary and her best friend often finish each other's sentences.
Tom and Mary's marriage started to unravel after a few years.
Tom pulled his shirt up over his head.
Mary pulled her shirt up over her head.
They began to bicker.
A dim line of ancestors, in every variety of dress, from the Elizabethan knight to the buck of the Regency, stared down upon us and daunted us by their silent company.
This is Tom's signature dish.
Things are not what they used to be.
I for one was glad when the meal was over and we were able to retire into the modern billiard-room.
Two confused sparrows flew in through the door and out through the window.
We will retire early tonight, and perhaps things may seem more cheerful in the morning.
Will you excuse us for a minute?
A half moon broke through the rifts of racing clouds. In its cold light I saw beyond the trees a broken fringe of rocks and the long, low curve of the melancholy moor.
I found myself weary and yet wakeful, tossing restlessly from side to side, seeking for the sleep which would not come.
Far away a chiming clock struck out the quarters of the hours, but otherwise a deathly silence lay upon the old house.
And then suddenly, in the very dead of the night, there came a sound to my ears, clear, resonant, and unmistakable.
It was the sob of a woman, the muffled, strangling gasp of one who is torn by an uncontrollable sorrow.
I sat up in bed and listened intently.
For half an hour I waited with every nerve on the alert, but there came no other sound save the chiming clock and the rustle of the ivy on the wall.
There wasn't a soul there.
Tom hates spinach.
Tom doesn't value it very highly.
She is reading a book.
Please, no onions on my burger!
My greatest fault is sometimes believing that I don't have any.
We're getting cheeseburgers.
Tom, come inside! I've made your favorite meal. It's going to get cold soon..
The fresh beauty of the following morning did something to efface from our minds the grim and grey impression which had been left upon both of us by our first experience of Baskerville Hall.
As Sir Henry and I sat at breakfast the sunlight flooded in through the high mullioned windows, throwing watery patches of colour from the coats-of-arms which covered them.
The dark panelling glowed like bronze in the golden rays, and it was hard to realise that this was indeed the chamber which had struck such a gloom into our souls upon the evening before.
I have a lot to do today. Please come tomorrow!
Did you happen to hear someone, a woman I think, sobbing in the night?
I heard it distinctly, and I am sure that it was really the sob of a woman.
There are only two women in the house.
I'm very busy today. Come tomorrow!
I have no time today. Come tomorrow!
Tom put on a leather jacket and ran out of the shop with it.
Tom is a skilled gymnast.
Guess where I've been!
As you know, we're gathered here to celebrate my birthday.
You ask dumb questions.
We want to learn.
Why do we talk about Tom so often?
Tom was to proud to admit that Maria was right and that he had made a mistake.
"There must be a logical explanation for it." "Not everything can be explained through logic, my dear Tom."
Tom showed up empty-handed at Maria's birthday party.
The people there live in unbelievable poverty.
Dear friends! I think you for coming in spite of the ghastly weather.
So many years have gone by, and you're still just as dumb.
Aren't you working today?
In England, they say "as drunk as a lord," in Russia by contrast, "as drunk as a shoemaker."
Do you want to lick the beaters?
Let's go kayaking.
When was the last time you went kayaking?
I think kayaking is a lot more fun than canoeing.
Did you make model cars as a kid?
We tied strings to all of my brother's plastic models in his room and when he turned the lights off to go to sleep, we pulled the strings.
We launched model rockets every weekend.
I'll call the cable company tomorrow.
Protein-style means no bun. It's wrapped in iceburg lettuce.
I grew up in New Jersey.
My father was an investment banker.
We had to run from the truant officer.
It was snowing out and we had to take our shoes off to run through the freezing stream.
We met at the pizza place almost every day.
Tom and his friends started stealing candy from the drug store.
Which language are you going to learn next?
You don't have the balls.
Look, there's my friend.
These bags are heavy.
This bag's heavy.
My brother and I are good tennis players.
His mother's at home. He's at school.
My sister's a nurse.
He's sick. He's in bed.
He's a very old man. He's ninety-eight years old.
These chairs aren't beautiful, but they're comfortable.
The weather's warm and sunny today.
She isn't home. She's at work.
My name's Alan.
I'm from New York.
I'm twenty years old.
It isn't windy today.
Brazil is a very big country.
Diamonds are not cheap.
Toronto isn't in the United States.
I'm not feeling right.
He's a good swimmer.
My name's Amanda.
No, I'm single.
Yes, I am.
No, you're on time.
No, she's out.
Are your parents at home?
Tom called Mary when his plane landed in China.
No, they're out.
Is it cold in your room?
Yes, a little.
Your shoes are nice. Are they new?
Yes, they are.
Where's your mother? Is she at home?
That's not a dance move.
My hair looks like a bird's nest.
These postcards are nice. How much are they?
They're a dollar. They're a buck. They're a pound. They're a euro.
This hotel isn't very good. Why is it so expensive?
He's the boss.
He's doing great.
No, but I'm thirsty.
Is your friend Chinese?
Yes, he is.
Ask Anna for her opinion. I'd be interested to know what she thinks.
Another day living in the war machine we call civilization.
I've enjoyed my stay here. I'll be sorry to leave.
Daisuke failed to solve the problem, whereas Aiko succeeded in solving the problem.
You'll receive delivery 30 minutes after placing your order.
Become a polarizing figure for your industry by announcing that clients should not be tolerating the poor standards of service that are offered by your competitors.
Create a velvet rope community of preferred customers who get treated like VIPs and get preferential treatment.
Start leveraging the talents of others so you can come up with a collaborative approach that is demonstrably better than an individual effort.
Get busy harnessing every marketing vehicle you currently use to the nth degree and make sure you leave no stone unturned.
Know how much you can spend in attracting first-time buyers and still come out ahead.
These might be guarantees, extended trial periods, deferred payment plans or the bundling of add-on products.
Never start by thanking your audience for coming but rather focus on building an emotional connection.
Infrasonic waves have a frequency of less than 20Hz.
Mary was a slave.
"Tom Loves Mary" became the most successful sitcom in history.
Give your power sound bite as your first sentence and establish instant intimacy with your audience.
The most critical conversations and discussions in life involve numbers in context rather than raw numbers.
Summarize what you've said and repeat anew your power sound bite and three supporting statements.
Mary ordered a chocolate croissant.
Don't repeat or paraphrase the question you're being asked because it sounds patronizing.
Tom likes Mary's voluptuous body.
Now practice giving your entire presentation without notes, using just your slides to jog your memory.
Mary rode her bike into ditch.
Discuss what the audience should know at the end of the presentation.
Never say "That's a good question" because that means all other questions were dumb.
Tom ordered a sausage breakfast sandwich.
The accident looked serious, but fortunately nobody was injured.
Do you know many people? > Do you know a lot of people?
Let's get something to drink. We still have a little time before the train comes.
Some people learn languages more easily than others.
Tom started his own company.
What color are your new shoes?
We're having dinner now. Can I call you later?
We're here on vacation. We're staying at a hotel on the beach.
Some children feel proud of their parents, while others are ashamed of them.
If you're dependent on your parents, it means you still need them for money. If not, then you're financially independent.
Konstantin is a student at the college where I used to work.
The earth goes around the sun, and the moon goes around the earth.
I'm going to open a window to get some fresh air.
Enjoy your vacation. I hope you have good weather.
You can have two sandwiches but no more.
Buying groceries is an art form.
Help others and you help yourself.
The warmongers always kill the peacemakers.
Hey, dumbass, don't just sit there with your car idling for no reason.
No, it isn't.
Where's the camera?
No, it's black.
Is Lisa from Toronto?
Lead the charge!
No, she's American.
Yes, you are.
Where's Layla from?
She's from London.
What color is your bag?
It's black.
No, I'm not.
How's John?
Is your job interesting?
Are the stores open today?
Are your children at school?
At the stoplight.
Five (5), seven (7), and ten (10).
How much are these oranges?
A dollar fifty a pound ($1.50/lb). They're 2.3 Euros a kilo.
Who's the man in this photo?
They're black.
I'm Brian.
Are you Australian?
No, I'm Canadian.
I'm thirty-three.
No, I'm a doctor.
Is your wife a doctor?
No, she's a teacher.
Where is she from?
She's from Mexico.
Her name is Barbara.
She's twenty-six (26).
I'm working. I'm not watching TV.
Barbara is reading a newspaper.
She isn't eating.
The children are doing their homework.
The weather's nice. It's not raining.
I'm not watching TV.
He's waiting for a bus.
He's lying on the floor.
We're eating breakfast.
She's sitting on the table.
He's in the kitchen. He's cooking.
Somebody is swimming in the river.
They're building a new hotel downtown.
I'm leaving now, goodbye.
She isn't having dinner.
She's watching TV.
She's sitting on the floor.
He's not playing the piano.
He's laughing.
He's not writing a letter.
I'm not washing my hair.
The price is too high for this product. The product is overpriced.
I'll sell it to you for a hundred bucks.
You can do better than that. You can go lower than that.
Commit to memory the one key idea you want the audience to take away from each slide.
Discuss what is hoped they will do differently.
Discuss how they'll be better off for their investment of time.
I'm not eating.
I'm not studying english.
The sun isn't shining.
I'm wearing my shoes.
I'm not reading the newspaper.
Are you feeling okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
Yes, take an umbrella.
Why are you wearing a coat?
What's he doing?
He's reading the newspaper.
They're watching TV.
Are you waiting for John?
Is Chris working today?
No, he isn't.
Is the sun shining?
Yes, it is.
Are your friends staying at a hotel?
No, they're staying with me.
No, you can turn it off.
Yes, see you tomorrow.
No, not right now.
Are you enjoying the movie?
Yes, it's very funny.
Does the clock work?
No, it's broken.
Are you waiting for a bus?
No, I'm waiting for a taxi.
Why is he laughing?
Are your parents watching TV?
What's Claire cooking?
Is the bus coming?
Is he eating something?
Are you sitting on the floor?
Discuss what they should understand better.
Practice, practice, and then practice some more.
Don't be afraid to say you don't know the correct answer to a specific question.
Never answer questions with "yes" or "no", but say "yes, and let me tell you why" or "no, and I'll explain why not."
Tell a story which illustrates perfectly your power sound bite and which will leave a lingering memory for the audience to think about.
When is something art?
Everyone in the family has stopped eating gluten, wheat, and grains. Now all our chronic maladies have disappeared.
I have a disease.
Mary and Tom suffer from agoraphobia.
Tom is afraid to answer the phone.
My friend, Tom, is a scholar and a fine gentleman.
Your disease can be cured with diet.
Your level of fitness is phenomenal.
"I'm hearing voices," said Tom. "Aren't we all?" replied the family cat.
His IQ is off the charts.
He's a genius.
Why so cynical?
Are you misinformed or just jealous?
No microwave popcorn, please!
"Mary, get your bitch ass to bed," said Tom.
"He called me neoclassical," sobbed Mary.
He got the OK.
"Stick this up your arse!" yelled Tom during the filming of a road rage educational film for high school students.
Pathetic! We should have won. We had the lead the whole game.
"Take pathetic and times it by five billion. That's how pathetic I was," said Tom.
In the past, wailers were hired to cry for the deceased.
It is an indignity to take advantage of uneducated people.
The thief crouched behind the dorm room door.
I broke my anklebone playing soccer.
Extortion is usual among criminals.
The bird flew around over the nest before settling down.
He invited us home to lunch on Sunday and cooked really yummy snails.
Boxers end up punch-drunk after getting so many blows.
This flower is violet in color.
The machine features some ventilation slots.
Mary won the "Annoyance to the Empire" medal for the third year in a row.
Tom was sick.
Interrogate!
Where is the person?
The postmaster, who was also the village grocer, had a clear recollection of the telegram.
Mary is a skilled gymnast.
Mary is a former gymnast.
Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by the sound of running feet behind me and by a voice which called me by name.
How's your sex life?
He was a small, slim, clean-shaven, prim-faced man, flaxen-haired and lean-jawed, between thirty and forty years of age, dressed in a grey suit and wearing a straw hat.
A tin box for botanical specimens hung over his shoulder, and he carried a green butterfly-net in one of his hands.
It is extraordinary how credulous the peasants are about here!
The story took a great hold upon the imagination of Sir Charles, and I have no doubt that it led to his tragic end.
His nerves were so worked up that the appearance of any dog might have had a fatal effect upon his diseased heart.
A steep, boulder-sprinkled hill lay upon the right which had in bygone days been cut into a granite quarry.
Perhaps you will spare an hour that I may have the pleasure of introducing you to my sister.
You never tire of the moor. You cannot think the wonderful secrets which it contains. It is so vast, and so barren, and so mysterious.
A dreadful cry echoed over the moor.
A long, low moan, indescribably sad, swept over the moor. It filled the whole air, and yet it was impossible to say whence it came.
A long, low moan, indescribably sad, swept over the moor.
The peasants say it is the Hound of the Baskervilles calling for its prey.
Tom is coming for dinner.
Tom is coming for dinner. Do you want to stay?
I looked round, with a chill of fear in my heart, at the huge swelling plain, mottled with the green patches of rushes. Nothing stirred over the vast expanse save a pair of ravens, which croaked loudly from a tor behind us.
What do you think is the cause of so strange a sound?
You are an educated man. Surely you don't believe such nonsense as that?
I could not doubt that this was the Miss Stapleton of whom I had been told.
I could not doubt that this was the Miss Stapleton of whom I had been told, since ladies of any sort must be few upon the moor, and I remembered that I had heard someone describe her as being a beauty.
I remembered that I had heard someone describe her as being a beauty. The woman who approached me was certainly that, and of a most uncommon type.
There could not have been a greater contrast between brother and sister.
What does it mean when a girl blushes around you?
How can I tell if a girl likes me?
How can I tell if a girl is attracted to me?
How can I tell if a guy likes me?
Castor and Pollux were twin brothers.
Zeus disguised himself as a swan and seduced Leda.
Tom vowed to someday take revenge.
Tom is a beekeeper.
Tom and Mary are beekeepers.
Tom pulled at his tie to straighten it.
A giant burrowing bat fossil has been discovered in New Zealand.
Bears like honey.
Still deep in her heart rankled the judgment of Paris and the injustice of her scorned beauty, and the hated race, and the honors of kidnapped Ganymede.
She had a proud, finely cut face, so regular that it might have seemed impassive were it not for the sensitive mouth and the beautiful dark, eager eyes.
With her perfect figure and elegant dress she was, indeed, a strange apparition upon a lonely moorland path.
Enraged by these things as well, she kept the Trojans, all that were left of the Greeks and indomitable Achilles, far away from Latium, tossed by the wide ocean; they wandered for many years, driven by the Fates, all around the seas.
A system of at least five exoplanets has been discovered by citizen scientists through a project called Exoplanet Explorers, part of the online platform Zooniverse, using data from NASA's Kepler space telescope.
Many metals make good catalysts.
Catalysts can speed up a chemical reaction without being consumed in the catalyzed reaction.
A tip came in that Tom was about to skip town.
Tom was arrested before he could board the plane.
Tom fled to Germany before he could be arrested.
Mary was arrested just as she was about to fly back to Germany.
Tom and Mary booked their reservations a long time in advance.
Tom missed his friends.
Mary missed her friends.
Tom wished that his friendship with Mary could have developed into something more.
Under different circumstances, their friendship could have developed into something more.
I should have known something was up.
I had hoped that our friendship would develop into something more.
We both love poetry.
She grew very fond of him.
He grew fond of her.
Here's to our friendship.
The friendship between Tom and Mary quickly developed into something more serious.
Tom tended to the horses.
Tom didn't look up from his book.
Mary didn't even look up from her book.
Tom has a peanut allergy.
Tom was the star of the basketball team.
Tom was the star of the football team.
Mary was the star of the soccer team.
Tom ran barefoot on the beach.
Tom is allergic to nuts.
Tom broke out in hives.
Tom spends a lot of time playing football.
Tom spends a lot of time playing video games.
Tom is allergic to tree nuts.
Do you have a food allergy?
Peanut allergy is the most common of food allergies.
Tom ate a peanut butter sandwich.
Tom didn't have any plans for the evening.
Tom had a severe allergic reaction.
Epinephrine can be administered through an auto-injector.
Tom carries an epinephrine injector at all times.
Anaphylaxis is a serious and life-threatening allergic reaction.
Epinephrine can save someone's life by relaxing the muscles around the airways and preventing them from closing completely.
Epinephrine is also known as adrenalin.
Tom likes tofu.
Tom is allergic to soy.
Tom owns an espresso machine.
Tom suggested we get married so that I could apply for a green card.
Mary accidentally brushed Tom's shoulder.
Mary gently punched Tom's arm.
I don't really have a plan.
Mary flung her arms around her brother's neck and hugged him.
Tom flung his arms around his brother's neck and hugged him.
Mary flung her arms around Tom's neck.
The jury found Tom guilty.
Tom placed his hands on his hips.
I was worried about you all day.
Tom began laughing too.
Tom and Mary have a small organic farm.
Tom only buys free-range eggs.
Tom gently hugged her from behind.
Come, I'll show you.
Tom didn't even look up from his book.
I should've known something was up.
I should've known this was going to happen.
I should've known Tom was going to do that.
I should've done what Tom asked me to do.
I shouldn't have done what Tom asked me to do.
Drink a smoothie before you lift weights.
Get moving first thing in the morning.
Tom is reviewing his options.
I should have guessed.
There's been times.
No more, please.
I should've known Tom would be busy.
There've been times that I felt a little irritated.
There've been times when I haven't been able to find a place to park.
There've been times when that's happened.
There've been times when doing that has caused us problems.
Tom is usually on time, but there have been times when he's been several hours late.
He is planning on inviting a lot of guests to the closing ceremony.
I hope Tom can stay here all next week.
One more for the road.
My sister's brains were coming out after being hit by a drunk driver.
I truly believe I am a bad person.
I truly believe I'm a bad person.
I truly believe he is a bad person.
I truly believe he's a bad person.
I truly believe she is a bad person.
I truly believe she's a bad person.
I truly believe they are bad people.
I truly believe they're bad people.
Humans are generally evil, but you're okay.
This is a huge waste of time.
Will world peace ever be a reality?
Human nature is an obstacle to world peace.
In nature, living beings are in a perpetual state of war.
Benjamin has a sack of potatoes.
Humans are too violent for world peace to ever become a reality.
I despise humans.
I'm a human who hates humans.
I'm the most immoral person you'll ever meet.
I'm the most moral person you'll ever meet.
Humans are violent by nature.
How can world peace be brought about?
What can be done to bring about world peace?
Humans are hateful.
Humans have hatred in their hearts.
Humans are full of hate.
She flies into a rage whenever she is even slightly inconvenienced.
I didn't know that was a thing.
He's facing a titanic spiritual battle internally.
Be alert!
I wish a bee would sting me.
He sacrificed himself for the sake of the empire.
He crowned himself emperor.
He walked seven miles.
He ordered beans and they tasted delicious after all the physical exercise.
I'm not going there.
That's all of them.
He's been reborn.
I guess I'll lift up my bootstraps and fly away.
Tom's family was there, too.
You make no sense.
I forgot I was bilingual.
There was no burning desire.
It's in the shop.
Please pick these up.
What was your card?
Flip over your card.
It's magnetic.
It was way too formal.
I've had a premature child.
Tomek doesn't need to apologize.
How is school going?
Why can't I come in the party?
I'm looking after children.
I'm babysitting.
Are you happy to have a little brother?
When he's in a bad mood, he always tries to bring everyone else down.
You have to get up at the crack of dawn.
I'm not telling you again: Don't do that!
I'm going to make sure this doesn't happen again.
In our house, anything that isn't prohibited is fair game.
The dew on the trees sparkles in the morning sun.
Do you have to laugh at everything I say?
That tire needs more air.
Put more air in that tire.
Do you know how to change the tire?
Do you know how to inflate the tire?
Where did you get such horrible tires?
Who sold you such an ugly car?
You need a special seat belt for the baby.
Children can't ride in the front seat.
I caught them trying to jump-start my car.
Did they take my car?
Where did you leave the car?
I don't remember where I left the car.
They broke the car's window.
They broke the car's window and took the bag.
Your tires are completely worn out.
I don't think it will cost much to clean up the car.
Tomorrow I have an oral test.
Tomorrow I have the written exam.
The theoretical exam is tomorrow.
The practical exam is the day after tomorrow.
Shall we drink a cup of coffee?
We asked what time it was.
We asked for the time.
He needs to be sympathetic.
Can you pick me up?
What is this used for?
"Mary's friend Brandy is coming over in twenty minutes," said Tom.
Tom's dad: "Tom, you overreact." Tom: "Fuck you!"
That would be beneficial to us.
She misses her wife.
He misses his husband.
That's a bargain.
Take the jump shot!
He doesn't have the proper form.
Make sure you have the proper stance.
Do you want to help me here?
He's back.
People are sheep.
Just go through the motions.
I can't think.
The database is down.
What a disaster.
Just as I thought.
It's a disgrace.
He's a tugboat captain.
He makes his living from the sea.
This won't win you any brownie points.
Why do I exist?
Tom tried to score brownie points with the teacher.
Do you like music from the 70's?
Mary baked some brownies for her teacher.
Tom baked some cookies for his teacher.
There's a new cure for your disease.
You can't go back.
There are a lot of options.
Don't make up scenarios that don't exist.
Tom often eats lunch with Mary.
Don't defeat yourself.
You can't pick your birth parents.
It'll be alright.
Work on cleaning up your inner dialogue.
He's going to go bananas when he hears that.
I don't like bananas. They're too sweet.
We've hit our sales target.
Everybody wants one.
Five thousand people showed up for the concert.
There are dreams that come true.
Now what?
As you were saying?
Apologies for all the interruptions.
Which one is faster?
Sorry, I was talking to myself.
He's working in Paris now.
She'll have him all to herself.
He's really getting adept at that.
Lean back and try to remember.
He's exhausted.
What are the chances?
Send me your changes.
I have no energy left.
He's got a lot of strength.
Don't leave the front door open.
We are waiting for comments.
I could only stare at her in stupid surprise.
I could only stare at him in stupid surprise.
Her eyes blazed at me.
She tapped the ground impatiently with her foot.
Her eyes blazed at me, and she tapped the ground impatiently with her foot.
Go back, and never set foot upon the moor again.
As I looked from their windows at the interminable granite-flecked moor rolling unbroken to the farthest horizon I could not but marvel at what could have brought this highly educated man and this beautiful woman to live in such a place.
A serious epidemic broke out in the school, and three of the boys died.
Will you come upstairs, Dr. Watson, and inspect my collection of Lepidoptera? I think it is the most complete one in the south-west of England.
I resisted all pressure to stay for lunch, and I set off at once upon my return journey, taking the grass-grown path by which we had come.
Mary picked some fresh flowers from the garden.
Tom picked some flowers from the garden.
Tom isn't as quick as he once was.
Mary is more flexible than Tom.
Tom is less flexible than Mary.
Blushing is an involuntarily reaction.
Mary blushed a little.
You're staring.
I just need some fresh air.
Tom's mother hugged him.
It looks like everything is in order.
Their eyes locked for a moment.
When was the last time you washed those jeans?
Tom was just happy to be talking to someone.
Tom was just happy to talk to someone.
Mary was just happy to talk to someone.
Tom was just happy to have someone to talk to.
Tom writes novels in his spare time.
"Is everyone hearing voices at this meeting?" asked Tom. "No," answered the cat.
Tom baked his teacher some cookies.
"Let the minutes show that Mary, the cat, the dog and the hidden pestilence in this home have all attended the family meeting," said Tom.
"Mary, you know that I cannot be bribed with muffins," said Tom.
We are all alone.
The fire is dying out.
Stir the fire.
"Mary, you're not on the same planet as me," said Tom.
"I am a tomcat," said the family cat.
You're going on a date with him?
Temperatures in Oymyakon, Yakutia hit -67.7C.
Don't act so shocked.
I told you that he liked you.
I told you that she liked you.
Tom left a note in Mary's locker.
Scarcely out of sight of the land of Sicily, they joyfully set sail on the deep, rushing into the salt spray with their bronze-capped prows, when Juno, cherishing her eternal wound in her breast, said to herself: "Am I vanquished, to give up on my plan, and unable to turn away the king of the Teucrians from Italy? Surely I am forbidden by the Fates."
Tom left a note for Mary in her locker.
Tom wrote a note to Mary and left it on her desk.
Tom left a note for Mary on her desk.
Vulcan made weapons for gods and men.
How many teeth does a human have?
Everyone seems to be happier without me.
Seneca's writings are wonderful.
The angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream.
I'm not sorry that I did this.
What more is there?
I'm a year younger than Robert.
I can't talk to women.
Whose is all this money?
The girl is in school.
I'm thinking about life.
Mary said that she wasn't pregnant.
Mary dyed her dress red.
Tom opened a can of black beans.
Tom made a hummus platter for the party.
Tom is not allowed to speak at Mary's parties.
A wolf is howling.
What's wrong with beans?
Stop adding ingredients to the soup.
At the gym, Tom's heartbeat rises dramatically when he thinks about future social interactions.
Mary shattered her ankle after falling down the stairs.
Tom is strengthening his core muscles.
I feel greasy and sweaty after going to the gym.
No pun intended.
A pine cone fell on Tom's head.
I haven't been able to sleep very well lately.
I haven't been getting much sleep.
There is no hope for humanity.
Humans are doomed.
Humankind is doomed.
Humanity will destroy itself sooner or later.
Humanity will eventually destroy itself.
There is hope for humanity.
Humans aren't all bad.
We have to do something to save humanity from itself.
Humanity has to be saved from itself.
Is there hope for humanity?
Can humanity manage to avoid blowing itself up long enough to colonize other planets?
I usually sleep eight hours a day.
I never sleep for more than six hours.
I never sleep more than six hours.
I don't usually get enough sleep.
I don't feel like sleeping.
I don't think I've slept enough.
I'm sorry that you didn't sleep well.
I'm sorry that you weren't able to sleep much last night.
I wish I'd slept a little longer last night.
I'd like to sleep a little bit longer.
Please let me go back to sleep.
I wish I could've slept for another few hours.
I haven't been able to sleep well lately.
I haven't been able to get enough sleep lately.
Tom can break dance.
Mary is wrong.
Two persons are looking for you.
One quarter of it will be Tom's.
"My new invention is the soup popsicle," said Tom.
Ding dong, is anybody home?
Take some for later.
Time's up.
Hand out the sandwiches.
Which sandwich is yours?
She is a shrewd one.
Where do you want to hang it.
Although I was present, I didn't hear your words.
He's exhausted himself.
Tom wears turtleneck sweaters.
Tom likes disco music.
"Why do I feel this way?" asked Tom.
Microplastics are destroying the world's oceans.
Tom has big arms.
Tom is bald and muscular.
The cat licked the turkey while it was defrosting.
Now I know how a pet feels.
"Mary, who would have thought it would be 2021 and the entire United States is on carbohydrate lockdown by the Chinese authorities," said Tom. "When we were just married, Tom, I never told you about my secret dowry. This can of beans," said Mary.
She sent a man on horseback to borrow a cheese grater from the neighboring Mongol encampment.
Using an eight-ton trebuchet, Tom launched Mary's bundt cake over the walls of the besieged city.
Tom and Mary are slightly asymmetric.
Mary loves the all the atoms that form an entity named Tom.
Is the movie available online?
Who stars in it?
I don't like that genre.
What did the critics say?
I don't agree with the critics.
The book was better.
"My emotions feel scrambled," said Tom.
The cat was killed by coyotes.
That's a horrible song.
You smell like fried potatoes.
Ah, that's better.
Feels good.
I need a clean cup.
More coffee?
"Sugar?" "No, thanks. I don't eat toxic substances."
Do you want half and half?
Do you want cream?
Does this car have an airbag?
Does this car have seat belts?
It's a short flight.
Tom's wacky hobby became a multimillion dollar empire.
The pagination controls need to be fixed.
The search query is inefficient.
Can I see the menu?
What are your strengths and weaknesses?
Call me when you land.
It's just an abrasion and a bruse. Nothing broken.
That was brutal.
That was classic.
You can never use too much butter.
The flight number has changed.
We are taxiing in the tarmac.
Hail a taxi.
Hail a cab.
Order a couple more tons.
It was implied.
"Mary's lemon pie will make you pucker up and implode," said Tom.
Remember to buy more frozen blueberries.
"There's secret underground submarine bases in the Antarctic," said Mary. "Oh, yeah?" said Tom.
Your dog has spectacular hair.
Run! It's hailing!
There's a lot of hail damage to your car.
Do you have any vegan options on the menu?
I can't read the menu.
Mary giggled and blushed.
Mary received a letter from Germany.
A big thank you to everyone who helped me!
I saw you working in the garden.
What is the name of your teacher?
If you add sugar in water, it will become sweet.
Tom's birthday is coming up in a week.
Can you spot me?
Do you lift?
Mary's birthday is coming up in a week and I don't know what to give her.
Just buy her flowers.
What should I get my new girlfriend for her birthday?
Your legs are ripped.
Don't forget your water bottle.
Do you hike?
Bring a hat.
This is his first novel.
Let's get a few protein-style burgers from the drive-thru.
Tom has more secrets than I thought.
First time to California?
"What's in the thermos?" "Tea."
Let's drive to Vegas on Friday.
I want to talk to you about him.
I'm looking forward to getting to know you better.
"I hope you don't mind." "Not at all."
I never thought Tom was so rich.
I look forward to hearing you sing tonight.
I'm not naive. I'm just optimistic.
I'm really looking forward to getting to know you better.
I didn't give enough recovery time to my left shoulder. Don't lift if you're still sore.
Put some dill and lime zest on the salmon.
Don't over season the food.
More seasoning?
Tom, after suffering from visual agnosia, mistook his wife for a cash machine and attempted to withdrawl fifty dollars from her. "Nice try, buddy," she said during the transaction.
Tom and Mary are teenagers.
We're not teenagers anymore.
It seems, however, that there must have been some short cut for those who knew it, for before I had reached the road I was astounded to see Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track.
I was astounded to see Miss Stapleton sitting upon a rock by the side of the track.
There must be a shortcut.
I had a lovely time.
Thanks, Tom. I had a lovely time.
Mary slung her bag over her shoulder.
Tom likes classic cars.
Tom has a pot belly.
I don't know what I'm going to tell Tom.
I don't know what I'm going to tell Mary.
I don't know what I'm going to tell him.
I don't know what I'm going to tell her.
I don't know what I'm going to tell them.
I smiled and waved at her.
I smiled and waved at her.
I smiled and waved at him.
Tom smiled and waved at Mary.
Mary smiled and waved at Tom.
Do you think you should slow down a little?
You're even more naive than I thought.
Her face was beautifully flushed with her exertions, and she held her hand to her side.
"I have run all the way in order to cut you off, Dr. Watson," said she. "I had not even time to put on my hat."
I had not even time to put on my hat.
When you know me better you will understand that I cannot always give reasons for what I say or do.
They live miles from any help.
The fact is that our friend the baronet begins to display a considerable interest in our fair neighbour.
It is not to be wondered at, for time hangs heavily in this lonely spot to an active man like him.
She is a very fascinating and beautiful woman.
There is something tropical and exotic about her which forms a singular contrast to her cool and unemotional brother.
Would you like to go shopping tomorrow?
By the first week of February, Tom had completely forgotten about his New Year's resolution.
It's simultaneously getting worse and better.
"Is obsession bad?" asked Tom. "Wow, loaded question. Is there an answer?" said Mary.
"Why am I here?" asked Tom.
"I need a distraction," said Tom.
The ear has a lot of wax in it.
Everyone thinks she's nice.
When he gets home, let's make some popcorn and watch a movie.
After a bit of fumbling, I found the right key.
I forgot to put in the accent mark.
There was an overpowering smell of dirty laundry.
Tom is my alter ego.
The car was recalled because of a faulty air bag.
We put in our bid; now we just have to play a waiting game.
The class handouts on human growth and development include anatomically correct drawings.
He scribbled on the wall with a red crayon.
The dog is thinking about sleeping with the cat.
The farm cats and the dog all sleep together on cold winter nights.
Surprisingly, the starving farm cat ate moldy white bread and lime jello.
Tom shot the helpless rodent with his BB gun.
The gopher's days were numbered.
Alright already!
This time we'll win!
Queue the next song.
What's on the playlist?
Something stinks.
What is the batch size?
Check the parameter list.
Buckle up!
"Nice shoes." "Thanks, I just got them."
Do you have a beach ball?
I caught a trout.
Prepare the meal please.
Adjust your visors.
March downstairs right now.
I need a bath towel.
This towel is sour.
The hard candy in this bowl is dusty.
This box of cereal was made during the Vietnam war. No wonder it tastes horrible.
He got drunk on homemade rhubarb wine.
Farm cats generally don't live long.
The cutest kitten was already very pregnant and meowing outside of the Las Vegas casino.
"Mary, don't take advice from farm dogs. OK?" said Tom.
Late at night, farmers always answer the door with a loaded shotgun.
"People from North Dakota are more talkative than people from South Dakota. Probably, I guess. I dunno," said Tom.
Time to milk the goats.
Before flying to Paris, I had already planned out the route to the grocery store from our hotel.
I miss Paris.
The cat's in heat.
The butter shortage is over.
There is a way.
Ahoy! Can you see us in this fog?
Land ho!
Batten down the hatches!
For a limited time only.
Call now.
No salesman will call.
I no longer need you
You'll have to read between the lines.
Tom was caught red-handed with his hand in the cookie jar.
We stick our necks out with that story.
Your move.
We're at an impasse.
Stick your hands up!
I'll call the pharmacy.
I stubbed my toe and it's bleeding.
I'm not going to school anymore.
It's time to milk the goats.
Tom only has regret.
What's wrong? Are you sad about something?
What is this word's part of speech?
My hand's blister hurts when I close my hand.
You're looking at Mary all the time!
What's Tom's dream school?
Don't sniffle, please quickly blow your nose.
My mother is five years older than my father.
Mary is overly concerned about her health.
Tom is addicted to exercise.
Pass the pepper shaker.
There are not enough hours in the day.
I'm shaking.
"Hello, Tom? I'm badly shaken. I almost had a car accident," said Mary over the phone.
"Mary, did this happen in real life or in your imagination?" asked Tom.
Do you know the major chords on the guitar?
Turn the car around.
Meet me outside.
Call me when you get there.
Can you pick me up at the airport?
I'll help you carry that.
Don't poke your eye out with that.
Can you water my plants and feed my fish while I'm gone?
Does that coffee agree with you?
Avocado is extra.
What was the point of that outburst?
Come clean with it.
Speak your point.
What a gaffe!
Clear the table.
Get a vase for these flowers.
Flowers? For me? You shouldn't have.
Well, I do declare!
He's a bandit alright.
They're from the same litter.
What do you reckon?
Tom was arrested for insider trading.
He's not a good navigator.
She sank his hopes.
I have a horrible sense of direction.
He shouldn't be allowed out.
I'm just sayin'.
He lives on an island.
He never speaks.
He's not very talkative.
What is your hobby?
It needs a new filter.
Did you try rebooting?
Why did she say that?
There are other means and ways.
He's not the only one.
It is the opposite that is a problem for us.
It'll get better brick by brick.
Trust in the process.
Modern medicine is a scam.
They're all con men.
Make a left at the light.
It's two blocks north from here.
Processed meats are toxic.
Where is your backpack?
The strap broke.
I have binoculars.
It's rotten inside.
Look at this snail.
Can I hold your puppy?
Such soft ears.
There is a police station in the center of town.
Help! I've been robbed!
I've been stabbed! Call for help!
I'm bleeding! Apply direct pressure to my wound.
I've been shot!
Duck and take cover.
They're shooting at us.
I could hear the bullets whizzing overhead.
No one has called.
They made off with the money on a motorbike.
Quick! Hide your valuables.
Our problem is the opposite.
It happened two separate times.
There is a fine line here.
I can't follow the plot.
The premise is ridiculous.
My quality of work is directly related to the quality of the coffee available.
Please defrost those chicken breasts.
I just discovered a new genre of music.
Eight minus four is four.
The movie isn't as interesting as the original.
The film isn't as interesting as the original.
This is an emergency broadcast!
Calling all cars!
Officers are responding.
There's been a large earthquake north of here.
We are trapped at the airport.
All the planes are grounded.
Heavy fog is preventing planes from landing.
There is no escape route.
The route is cordoned off.
Slow down! There are emergency vehicles ahead.
Oh, lord. There's been a terrible crash.
No one was seriously hurt, thankfully.
She's fractured her leg.
I think I like this Nu Gaze musical genre.
A blizzard is coming in from the east.
There was a record amount of snowfall last night.
You'll have to pee on the door handle to open it. It's frozen shut.
My face is freezing.
I can't feel my feet.
Is this how it ends? Hypothermia?
Can you start a fire?
I can't move my fingers. They're frostbitten.
Get his glove off carefully. He's smashed his fingers between the snowmobile and a tree.
He's not responding to my calls.
He's lost.
He's fallen off the cliff.
He's been airlifted to the hospital.
There's no sign of forced break-in.
I broke the key in the lock.
He impaled himself in the leg jumping from the helicopter.
He died from a jellyfish sting.
He walked into the middle of the road and was killed.
His heart was overworked during the hike up. He needs to be airlifted out.
Two tourists died in the flood.
The hotel pancaked after the earthquake. Luckily, we were hiking at the time.
I lost my passport in the robbery.
The police planted drugs in his car.
I can't pay bribes.
The hiking party has been kidnapped.
They're mobilizing the military in this area.
We were caught in the crossfire.
He's more fit than we expected.
Don't hike in sneakers. They don't protect and cushion your feet.
You're all red.
You'll get a sunstroke.
Cover up.
Wet a handkerchief and put it between your head and hat.
She must have punched me in my arm while we were sleeping. There's a huge bruise.
Your elbows are dry.
That fall was brutal. Are you OK?
That was the master stroke.
That solves everything.
Cut this in two.
I bought a new jigsaw puzzle.
Is this cup clean?
Are the dishes done?
I broke one of your mugs.
I can't say it.
See this?
Cool song, bro.
These shorts don't fit anymore.
I've got blood in my eyes and can't see.
I had to walk off of the mountain with a bad sprain.
They were sentenced to death.
The rebels took them away.
The soldiers came through here and killed everyone.
They spared no one.
Dangerous people attack first out of fear.
It's chicken one day, feathers the next.
They're all on drugs.
The soldiers handcuffed them and drove them back to their base.
I was interrogated.
There was a border skirmish. The road to the airport is blocked.
Dig faster.
Why didn't you shave?
I'm getting sick.
She has the flu.
Scalp wounds bleed a lot.
The stars are coming out.
Watch his hands closely.
He's got a knife!
We'll have to ration the fresh water.
Where's the water filter?
She went home. She had a family emergency.
Finally, we got some resolution.
That's his expertise.
Can you navigate by starlight?
Do you know how to navigate with a compass and map?
She has altitude sickness.
Get the first aid kit out.
Did you pack a first aid kit?
I dropped my phone.
I'm getting no reception here.
Do you know how to tie knots?
Have you had any first aid training?
Where are your morals?
I never feel awake unless I shave.
I'll prepare the chicken.
There's nothing new in music ever.
Don't pick at your scabs.
Don't eat your scabs.
Cover me!
Set up a crossfire.
Flank the machine gun nest.
Toss a hand grenade into the trench.
The miners are on strike.
Take the liquor away from them.
Wait until they get good and drunk, and then we'll come in with our guns ablazing.
Use your squad to flank their position here.
His ancestors are from here.
Tom had to wait a long time in the waiting room.
Find some clean silverware.
I've booked a small cabin.
They broke into the cabin.
The cabin burned to the ground.
The tent is leaking.
We have a few miles of portage.
Can you paddle a canoe?
There are spiders everywhere.
Play it backwards.
Rewind the tape.
Do you know how to make a cypher?
Can you decrypt this?
Can you make sense of this decrypted message?
I'm not familiar with that slang.
You can tell he has high blood pressure.
Her hair veiled part of her face.
Save a potato for me.
There's a secret clue here.
Call the press.
Best coffee ever.
I'm an urologist.
Careful! That's a priceless fossil.
She went to the mall.
You should have seen the look on his face.
You should have seen the look on her face.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face.
You should have seen the look on Mary's face.
You might have fooled Tom, but you didn't fool me.
You should have seen the look on her face when she found out.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when he found out.
I've done pretty well for myself.
No one wants this more than I do.
Haven't you caused enough trouble already?
The swimmers seemed to be struggling.
Mary is a typical teenage girl.
Tom is a typical teenage boy.
We found a short valley between rugged tors which led to an open, grassy space flecked over with the white cotton grass. In the middle of it rose two great stones, worn and sharpened at the upper end, until they looked like the huge, corroding fangs of some monstrous beast.
Marrying you was the biggest mistake of my life.
I think that you are making the biggest mistake of your life.
I'm here to stop you from making the biggest mistake of your life.
On our way back we stayed for lunch at Merripit House, and it was there that Sir Henry made the acquaintance of Miss Stapleton.
You should have seen the look on Mary's face when she found out.
Why can't we spend more time together?
Tom lives down the street.
From the first moment that he saw her he appeared to be strongly attracted by her, and I am much mistaken if the feeling was not mutual.
It's leg day.
Don't skip leg day.
Cape Town is running out of water.
It's possible to lift weights and study a new language at the same time.
I don't like those disproportional weight lifters.
Play it safe when lifting to avoid injury.
Don't lift weights if you're still sore.
We're doing everything we can to find your son.
We're doing everything we can to find your daughter.
The deltoid muscles need time to recover. Be careful not to over exercise them.
Tom started laughing uncontrollably.
Tom asked his guidance counsellor how to apply to college.
Look who's talking!
He referred to her again and again on our walk home, and since then hardly a day has passed that we have not seen something of the brother and sister.
One would imagine that such a match would be very welcome to Stapleton, and yet I have more than once caught a look of the strongest disapprobation in his face when Sir Henry has been paying some attention to his sister.
They looked at each other and smiled.
They looked at each other and smiled.
He is much attached to his sister.
If I help you, will you help me?
I think that you're about to make the biggest mistake of your life.
I think you're about to make the biggest mistake of your life.
I'm sure you would have done the same for me.
Do you know who's behind you?
Guess who's behind you.
Tom asked us to turn the music down.
The neighbor asked us to turn the music down.
I think you'll like the dessert.
Tom has a girlfriend?
Mary has a boyfriend?
I thought you guys were just friends.
Mary left the party early.
Tom and Mary left the party early.
Would you like a salad?
Eat some citrus.
You should have seen the look on her face when I told her.
You should have seen the look on Tom's face when I told him.
She touched his hand.
He touched her hand.
Have you been living under a rock?
By the way, your instructions to me never to allow Sir Henry to go out alone will become very much more onerous if a love-affair were to be added to our other difficulties.
Last night, about two in the morning, I was aroused by a stealthy step passing my room.
I rose, opened my door, and peeped out.
A long black shadow was trailing down the corridor. It was thrown by a man who walked softly down the passage with a candle held in his hand.
He pushed me away.
Who are you texting?
"Who are you texting?" "That's none of your business."
And then they started kissing.
Tom and Mary started kissing each other as soon as John left the room.
Tom is not home.
Let's hurry up and catch the shuttle.
When's the next shuttle?
Do you have the bus schedule?
He's stupid, but I love him anyway.
Tom is an idiot, but I love him anyway.
He was working.
He's on his way over there.
I'm taking therapy for my hip.
Recently I'm gathering up info on our upcoming vacation.
I forgot to grab the change off the dresser.
I'll be in my man cave.
I think I've done pretty well for myself.
He pushed me aside.
He pushed me out of his way.
"Was not Pallas Athena able to burn the fleet of the Argives, and drown them in the sea, because of the crime and the madness of one man, Ajax son of Oileus?"
I overheard them talking the other day.
I saw him holding hands with a girl.
"She herself hurled the swift lightning bolt of Jupiter from the clouds, scattered the boats, and overturned the seas with the winds; she snatched him in a whirlwind while he was breathing out flames from his pierced chest, and impaled him on a sharp rock."
He walked very slowly.
He walked very slowly and circumspectly, and there was something indescribably guilty and furtive in his whole appearance.
I crept down the passage as noiselessly as I could and peeped round the corner of the door.
Barrymore was crouching at the window, with the candle held against the glass.
His face seemed to be rigid with expectation as he stared out into the blackness of the moor.
Long afterwards when I had fallen into a light sleep I heard a key turn somewhere in a lock, but I could not tell whence the sound came.
What it all means I cannot guess, but there is some secret business going on in this house of gloom which sooner or later we shall get to the bottom of.
"But I, who walk in majesty as queen of the gods, both sister and wife of Jupiter, I am still waging wars with one tribe for all these years! And who will worship the divine spirit of Juno after this, or what suppliant will bring an offering to her altars?"
Tom pushed Mary out of his way.
Tom pushed Mary into doing that.
The stress is unbearable.
Tom pushed me into the pool.
Tom pushed me into the pool, so I got out and pushed him in.
Tom put on my shirt by mistake.
Tom put on his shirt.
Tom might testify.
Tom will likely testify against you.
Have you ever been subpoenaed to testify in a criminal case?
Tom has been subpoenaed to testify in a murder case.
Tom has been subpoenaed to testify as a witness in a civil lawsuit.
Tom has been subpoenaed to testify against Mary.
You need more carbs to make it to the end of the day.
Halt! Who goes there!
Nothing seems more certain than death.
Queer all languages!
If you fall from the staircase, you'll quickly end up on the floor.
Everyone loves her and her family.
They're courageous.
The parking lot is open to until when?
Tom is a ball of vanity.
Tom left toward Tokyo.
Walking from here is a bit far.
I told Tom that his tweets sound like those of a college freshman.
23 skidoo!
22 skidoo!
What an awful predicament.
Such harsh words!
Tom only uses archaic language.
All power to the syndicates!
Please wear socks to protect your shoes.
Your ox is gassy.
Is this how you season your chicken?
He's built like a fencepost.
That was an understatement.
I like sweet and sour soup.
That cake was a load of sugar.
Please don't punctuate your sentences with loud farts.
What you did was very brave.
I thought you were his friend.
I thought you were her friend.
The Vancouver aquarium will no longer keep whales and dolphins in captivity.
Tom is visiting the family farm.
Tom turned the barn into an bed and breakfast.
I don't know how I could have been so blind.
That's not the part I'm surprised about.
I don't smell anything
When the house is renovated and refurnished, all that he will need will be a wife to make it complete. Between ourselves, there are pretty clear signs that this will not be wanting if the lady is willing, for I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour, Miss Stapleton.
I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is with our beautiful neighbour, Miss Stapleton.
Soup should not be flammable.
I have seldom seen a man more infatuated with a woman than he is.
Tell me straight, now!
Is there anything that would prevent me from making a good husband to a woman that I loved?
What has he against me? I never hurt man or woman in my life that I know of. And yet he would not so much as let me touch the tips of her fingers.
What has he against me?
What has she against me?
His sister is everything in his life.
They have always been together, and according to his account he has been a very lonely man with only her as a companion, so that the thought of losing her was really terrible to him.
I did my best to hide my disappointment.
Tom has been preoccupied lately.
Men are idiots.
Men are idiots when it comes to women and I'm sure Tom is no exception.
Do you mind if I listen to some music?
Mary has been preoccupied lately.
I think you're one of the most interesting women I've ever met.
You're one of the most interesting women I've ever met.
That's what happened the last time.
The waitress brought Tom a glass of water.
Mary grinned at him.
Tom grinned at her.
Mary curled her hair.
Tom pulled out his telescope.
Tom gazed at the stars through his telescope.
Tom and Mary gazed at the stars.
Tom threw a few pieces of bread into the pond.
I'm glad we're finally home.
Mary's heart nearly stopped.
Tom's heart nearly stopped.
She still hasn't forgiven me.
"What are you doing here, Tom?" "Nothing."
His agitation was so great that he could hardly speak.
Her agitation was so great that she could hardly speak.
The shadows sprang up and down from the shaking of his candle.
Come, now! No lies! What were you doing at that window?
I never should have left you.
"I never should have left you." "But you did."
Tom was sentenced to exile.
Mary swallowed hard.
Tom swallowed hard.
She swallowed hard.
Mary excused herself to answer a phone call.
Tom excused himself to answer a phone call.
Nobody had to wait.
I know you trust Tom, but I don't.
Tom still hasn't forgiven Mary.
I don't know how I could've been so blind.
You didn't know?
Go straight.
Tom went on a trip.
Tom washes his hands twenty-seven times a day.
Tom eats a standard American diet (SAD).
Black beans improve cardiovascular health and provide high levels of antioxidants to protect against cancer.
We need to clean the carpet.
The dog destroyed the sofa.
Speak to me in French, but pronounce all the silent letters.
Let's see who gets fatter first.
Please finish the chocolate cake.
Put some lotion on your dry elbows.
I found these toy elves in your underwear drawer.
Even though it was a magical forest, that did not stop war from killing almost all of the elf inhabitants.
The biscuits are on the table.
There's too much elf-on-elf violence in the magical forest.
Tom sent sniper fire into his neighbor's kitchen window.
Solving the problem of world hunger isn't my job.
Where do you go to smoke?
Pliny the Elder wrote that rye is a very poor food and only serves to avert starvation. This proves that grains were never considered fit for human consumption.
Do you think he'll leave her for you?
And you think he'll leave her for you?
He loves me too.
He loved me too.
Mary twirled all around.
Tom said that he loved me too.
Mary said that she loved me too.
He said that he loved me too.
She said that she loved me too.
Tom laughed so hard that he almost fell off his chair.
Tom's book became an instant bestseller.
She had no one to blame but herself.
He had no one to blame but himself.
Mary had no one to blame but herself.
Tom had no one to blame but himself.
I may not have a degree but I'm not entirely stupid.
What a stupid question.
What a stupid question, Tom thought.
He hadn't seen her for a long time.
Tom hadn't seen Mary for a long time.
She hadn't seen him for a long time.
We had fun together.
Tom paused to gather his thoughts.
Mary paused to gather her thoughts.
Mary splashed cold water on her face.
This doesn't make me feel any better.
It doesn't make me feel any better.
Stop this at once.
Tom and Mary picked some berries in the forest.
My blood ran cold in my veins.
My blood ran cold in my veins, for there was a break in his voice which told of the sudden horror which had seized him.
They say it is the cry of the Hound of the Baskervilles.
There is nothing so deceptive as the distance of a light upon a pitch-dark night, and sometimes the glimmer seemed to be far away upon the horizon and sometimes it might have been within a few yards of us.
This must be Tom's cat.
The moon was low upon the right, and the jagged pinnacle of a granite tor stood up against the lower curve of its silver disc. There, outlined as black as an ebony statue on that shining background, I saw the figure of a man upon the tor.
As far as I could judge, the figure was that of a tall, thin man.
I found him much troubled over the disappearance of his little spaniel. It had wandered on to the moor and had never come back.
Mary wanted to make everyone around her happy.
Oh, look! There's something shiny.
Tom wiped the blood from his nose.
Mary bandaged Tom's arm.
In the evening I put on my waterproof and I walked far upon the sodden moor, full of dark imaginings, the rain beating upon my face and the wind whistling about my ears.
In the distant hollow on the left, half hidden by the mist, the two thin towers of Baskerville Hall rose above the trees. They were the only signs of human life which I could see, save only those prehistoric huts which lay thickly upon the slopes of the hills.
Tom bought a gift for his sister.
He's right behind you!
She's right behind you!
Watch out! He's right behind you!
Tom likes giant robots.
It was almost time for the party.
Had Sir Charles received any other letters in the same writing?
Can you tell me the name of any woman whose initials are L. L.?
"Give it to me." "No!"
Tears filled his eyes.
There is Laura Lyons. Her initials are L. L.
She married an artist named Lyons, who came sketching on the moor. He proved to be a blackguard and deserted her.
She married an artist named Lyons, who came sketching on the moor. He proved to be a blackguard and deserted her.
Mary married an artist.
Her father refused to have anything to do with her, because she had married without his consent, and perhaps for one or two other reasons as well.
Her father refused to have anything to do with her, because she had married without his consent.
The butler brought Tom his coffee.
The butler brought me my coffee into the library.
He has brought nothing but trouble here!
She has brought nothing but trouble here!
You have brought nothing but trouble here!
Mary gathered some medicinal plants in the forest.
What is it that alarms you?
Mary wore a simple skirt and a white blouse.
Mary wore a simple skirt and blouse.
Her feet were bare.
His feet were bare.
A maid showed me in without ceremony, and as I entered the sitting-room a lady, who was sitting before a Remington typewriter, sprang up with a pleasant smile of welcome.
The first impression left by Mrs. Lyons was one of extreme beauty.
Tom wore a straw hat.
Mary wore a straw hat.
Her eyes and hair were of the same rich hazel colour, and her cheeks, though considerably freckled, were flushed with the exquisite bloom of the brunette, the dainty pink which lurks at the heart of the sulphur rose.
Her fingers played nervously over the stops of her typewriter.
Her cheeks were freckled.
You knew him, did you not?
Did you correspond with him?
The lady looked quickly up, with an angry gleam in her hazel eyes.
Did you ever write to Sir Charles asking him to meet you?
Mrs. Lyons flushed with anger again.
I thought that she had fainted, but she recovered herself by a supreme effort.
But why a rendezvous in the garden instead of a visit to the house?
Come. It's safe now.
The inmate is in a prison overnight release program; he is allowed to sleep at home on weekends.
He behaved as if he were a detective; I think he reads too many detective stories.
The belief in numerous deities and their cult is characteristic of Greek and Roman mythologies.
Viral diseases are very hard to treat, because there are no effective drugs against viruses.
An incompetent business management directly affects the employees.
Slugs are like snails, but without the shell.
My eleventh place was better than the thirteenth he won.
The gates were packed with people shouting.
I did not approve of your pretending to be sick to skip work.
Besides lazy, they are liars.
The match ended up with whistling and insults.
Dozens of thousands of people are displaced by war.
He is a charitable person; he always donates some for whomever may be in need.
You are bloated.
How much is the newspaper?
The hotel is being remodeled.
The hotel is on fire.
Your tire is flat.
The dog is injured.
They won again.
She was stung by a swarm of bees.
A swarm of bees flew over my head.
Freeze the leftover soup.
The hair on the back of his neck rose.
The hair on the back of her neck rose.
Tom choked on his drink.
Mary choked on her drink.
Her heart lurched.
Tom's stomach lurched.
The hairs on the back of her neck rose.
The hairs on the back of Tom's neck rose.
When the experimental antigravity aircraft flew over the town, emitting downward thrusting pulse waves, everyone immediately below involuntarily emptied their bladder.
Mary was less than seductive in a pulsed antigravity environment. Her curly hair stood up like a tower, her pouty lips floated aimlessly, and her nose bled continuously.
Tom has an OLED TV.
She was beautiful.
He was handsome.
Tom had a run-in with the police.
The sun was already sinking when I reached the summit of the hill, and the long slopes beneath me were all golden-green on one side and grey shadow on the other.
Over the wide expanse there was no sound and no movement.
One great grey bird, a gull or curlew, soared aloft in the blue heaven. He and I seemed to be the only living things between the huge arch of the sky and the desert beneath it.
The barren scene, the sense of loneliness, and the mystery and urgency of my task all struck a chill into my heart.
Outside the sun was sinking low and the west was blazing with scarlet and gold.
Tom listened intently to their conversation.
Mary listened intently to their conversation.
Tom ate a baked potato.
Tom ate a cabbage roll.
Kvass is a fermented beverage made from rye bread that's popular in most Slavic countries.
Tom made deviled eggs.
Tom garnished his soup with sour cream.
Tom leaned against the fence.
All I care about is the truth.
That's not her husband.
That's not his wife.
Mary apologized profusely.
Tom has an audition.
Tom, this is important.
Did you really think I wouldn't find out the truth?
What made you think you'd get away with it?
Did you really think I wouldn't notice?
All was sweet and mellow and peaceful in the golden evening light, and yet as I looked at them my soul shared none of the peace of Nature, but quivered at the vagueness and the terror of that interview which every instant was bringing nearer.
With tingling nerves, but a fixed purpose, I sat in the dark recess of the hut and waited with sombre patience for the coming of its tenant.
His keen face was bronzed by the sun and roughened by the wind.
That was what I wished you to think.
That was what I wanted you to think.
But why keep me in the dark?
The lady who has passed here as Miss Stapleton is in reality his wife.
Good heavens, Holmes! Are you sure of what you say?
I repeat that the lady is his wife and not his sister.
But why this elaborate deception?
The last red streaks had faded away in the west and night had settled upon the moor. A few faint stars were gleaming in a violet sky.
A few faint stars were gleaming in the violet sky.
Mary is a tarot card reader.
Taiwan is a country.
Tom fell asleep as soon as his head hit the pillow.
The cause of sleepwalking is not known.
Tom was acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity.
Tom invited John and his wife for tea.
Tom suffers from night terrors.
He obviously likes her a lot.
She obviously likes him.
They often ate a cheap restaurant.
I've never laughed so much in my life.
Tom forgot to comb his hair.
Tom cut the lasagna.
Tom stole a wheel of cheese and ran out of the shop with it.
Grocer's itch is an allergic reaction to mites that live on dried fruit, grains, cheese, and other dried foods.
Tom can find many interesting tidbits of knowledge when exploring the catacombs of the encyclopedia.
"Is everyone illiterate here?" said Tom.
Read me a bedtime story.
He has beaten us, Watson. We are too late.
It is the first quality of a criminal investigator that he should see through a disguise.
This man had offered me marriage on condition that I could get a divorce from my husband.
He has lied to me, the villain, in every conceivable way.
Not one word of truth has he ever told me.
He frightened me into remaining silent.
Tom frightened Mary into remaining silent.
The London express came roaring into the station.
Our conversation was hampered by the presence of the driver of the hired wagonette, so that we were forced to talk of trivial matters when our nerves were tense with emotion and anticipation.
I tiptoed down the path and stooped behind the low wall which surrounded the stunted orchard. Creeping in its shadow, I reached a point whence I could look straight through the uncurtained window.
The night was clear and fine above us.
The stars shone cold and bright, while a half-moon bathed the whole scene in a soft, uncertain light.
The stars shone cold and bright.
Before us lay the dark bulk of the house, its serrated roof and bristling chimneys hard outlined against the silver-spangled sky.
Broad bars of golden light from the lower windows stretched across the orchard and the moor.
The steps grew louder, and through the fog, as through a curtain, there stepped the man whom we were awaiting.
I sprang to my feet, my inert hand grasping my pistol, my mind paralyzed by the dreadful shape which had sprung out upon us from the shadows of the fog.
A hound it was, an enormous coal-black hound, but not such a hound as mortal eyes have ever seen. Fire burst from its open mouth, its eyes glowed with a smouldering glare, its muzzle and hackles and dewlap were outlined in flickering flame.
Never in the delirious dream of a disordered brain could anything more savage, more appalling, more hellish be conceived than that dark form and savage face which broke upon us out of the wall of fog.
If he was vulnerable he was mortal, and if we could wound him we could kill him.
Never have I seen a man run as Holmes ran that night.
It was the end of November, and Holmes and I sat, upon a raw and foggy night, on either side of a blazing fire in our sitting-room in Baker Street.
My friend was in excellent spirits over the success which had attended a succession of difficult and important cases.
Tom's face was infested with Demodex mites, causing symptoms of itching, inflammation, and hair loss.
Stapleton exercised an influence over her which may have been love or may have been fear, or very possibly both.
The past and the present are within the field of my inquiry, but what a man may do in the future is a hard question to answer.
To Sherlock Holmes she is always the woman. I have seldom heard him mention her under any other name.
It was not that he felt any emotion akin to love for Irene Adler. All emotions, and that one particularly, were abhorrent to his cold, precise, but admirably balanced mind.
After a nuclear exchange between India, Pakistan, Russia, China, and the United States, Canada invaded the Iceland and Mexico invaded Brazil.
Tom listened to a podcast.
The events in question occurred in the early days of my association with Holmes, when we were sharing rooms as bachelors in Baker Street.
A promise of secrecy was made at the time, from which I have only been freed during the last month by the untimely death of the lady to whom the pledge was given.
It was early in April in the year '83 that I woke one morning to find Sherlock Holmes standing, fully dressed, by the side of my bed.
Before the Spanish conquest, the Aztecs got up to eighty percent of their nourishment from amaranth grains.
Why isn't Mary here?
He was a late riser.
She is waiting now in the sitting-room.
When young ladies wander about the metropolis at this hour of the morning, and knock sleepy people up out of their beds, I presume that it is something very pressing which they have to communicate.
I would not miss it for anything.
I had no keener pleasure than in following Holmes in his professional investigations, and in admiring the rapid deductions, as swift as intuitions, and yet always founded on a logical basis with which he unravelled the problems which were submitted to him.
I rapidly threw on my clothes and was ready in a few minutes to accompany my friend down to the sitting-room.
A lady dressed in black and heavily veiled, who had been sitting in the window, rose as we entered.
"Good-morning, madam," said Holmes cheerily.
My name is Sherlock Holmes. This is my intimate friend and associate, Dr. Watson.
"It is not cold which makes me shiver," said the woman in a low voice.
"It is not cold which makes me shiver," said the woman in a low voice. "What, then?" "It is fear, Mr. Holmes. It is terror."
She raised her veil as she spoke, and we could see that she was indeed in a pitiable state of agitation, her face all drawn and gray, with restless frightened eyes, like those of some hunted animal.
Her features and figure were those of a woman of thirty, but her hair was shot with premature gray, and her expression was weary and haggard.
"You must not fear," said he soothingly, bending forward and patting her forearm.
Sir, I can stand this strain no longer; I shall go mad if it continues.
I have no one to turn to.
Oh, sir, do you not think that you could help me, and at least throw a little light through the dense darkness which surrounds me?
At present it is out of my power to reward you for your services.
Holmes turned to his desk and, unlocking it, drew out a small case-book, which he consulted.
"Farintosh," said he. "Ah yes, I recall the case; it was concerned with an opal tiara."
I can only say, madam, that I shall be happy to devote the same care to your case as I did to that of your friend.
As to reward, my profession is its own reward; but you are at liberty to defray whatever expenses I may be put to, at the time which suits you best.
I have heard, Mr. Holmes, that you can see deeply into the manifold wickedness of the human heart.
The family was at one time among the richest in England.
In the last century, however, four successive heirs were of a dissolute and wasteful disposition, and the family ruin was eventually completed by a gambler in the days of the Regency.
When Dr. Roylott was in India he married my mother, Mrs. Stoner, the young widow of Major-General Stoner, of the Bengal Artillery.
My sister Julia and I were twins, and we were only two years old at the time of my mother's re-marriage.
Shortly after our return to England my mother died.
The money which my mother had left was enough for all our wants, and there seemed to be no obstacle to our happiness.
But a terrible change came over our stepfather about this time.
Instead of making friends and exchanging visits with our neighbours, he shut himself up in his house and seldom came out save to indulge in ferocious quarrels with whoever might cross his path.
A series of disgraceful brawls took place, two of which ended in the police court, until at last he became the terror of the village, and the folks would fly at his approach, for he is a man of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger.
Detergent is poisonous.
Tom was hospitalized after eating a laundry detergent pod.
Last week he hurled the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream.
He had no friends at all save the wandering gypsies.
He has a passion also for Indian animals, which are sent over to him by a correspondent, and he has at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, which wander freely over his grounds and are feared by the villagers almost as much as their master.
You can imagine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives.
She was but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair had already begun to whiten.
"Your sister is dead, then?" "She died just two years ago, and it is of her death that I wish to speak to you."
Have you ever heard anyone whistle in the dead of the night?
"Was it your custom always to lock yourselves in at night?" "Always." "And why?" "I think that I mentioned to you that the doctor kept a cheetah and a baboon. We had no feeling of security unless our doors were locked."
I could not sleep that night.
My sister and I, you will recollect, were twins, and you know how subtle are the links which bind two souls which are so closely allied.
It was a wild night.
The wind was howling outside, and the rain was beating and splashing against the windows.
Suddenly, amid all the hubbub of the gale, there burst forth the wild scream of a terrified woman.
I knew that it was my sister's voice.
I sprang from my bed, wrapped a shawl round me, and rushed into the corridor.
As I ran down the passage, my sister's door was unlocked, and revolved slowly upon its hinges.
By the light of the corridor-lamp I saw my sister appear at the opening, her face blanched with terror, her hands groping for help, her whole figure swaying to and fro like that of a drunkard.
I ran to her and threw my arms round her, but at that moment her knees seemed to give way and she fell to the ground.
She writhed as one who is in terrible pain, and her limbs were dreadfully convulsed.
At first I thought that she had not recognized me, but as I bent over her she suddenly shrieked out in a voice which I shall never forget, 'Oh, my God! Helen! It was the band! The speckled band!'
When he reached my sister's side she was unconscious, and though he poured brandy down her throat and sent for medical aid from the village, all efforts were in vain, for she slowly sank and died without having recovered her consciousness.
Such was the dreadful end of my beloved sister.
"Was your sister dressed?" "No, she was in her night-dress."
There were no marks of any violence upon her.
It is my belief that she died of pure fear and nervous shock, though what it was that frightened her I cannot imagine.
Two years have passed since then, and my life has been until lately lonelier than ever. A month ago, however, a dear friend, whom I have known for many years, has done me the honour to ask my hand in marriage.
Tom flipped on the TV.
"I have been waiting so eagerly for you," she cried, shaking hands with us warmly.
Holmes pushed back the frill of black lace which fringed the hand that lay upon our visitor's knee. Five little livid spots, the marks of four fingers and a thumb, were printed upon the white wrist.
There was a long silence, during which Holmes leaned his chin upon his hands and stared into the crackling fire.
I have one or two things which I would wish to do now that I am in town.
She dropped her thick black veil over her face and glided from the room.
"And what do you think of it all, Watson?" asked Sherlock Holmes, leaning back in his chair.
Why don't you go take a shower?
Tom removed his contacts.
Tom removed his contact lenses.
They ate lunch at a small restaurant.
So tall was he that his hat actually brushed the cross bar of the doorway.
Don't you dare to meddle with my affairs.
I should be very much obliged if you would slip your revolver into your pocket. An Eley's No. 2 is an excellent argument with gentlemen who can twist steel pokers into knots.
That and a tooth-brush are, I think all that we need.
It was a perfect day, with a bright sun and a few fleecy clouds in the heavens.
The trees and wayside hedges were just throwing out their first green shoots, and the air was full of the pleasant smell of the moist earth.
There was a strange contrast between the sweet promise of the spring and this sinister quest upon which we were engaged.
A heavily timbered park stretched up in a gentle slope, thickening into a grove at the highest point. From amid the branches there jutted out the gray gables and high roof-tree of a very old mansion.
The building was of gray, lichen-blotched stone, with a high central portion and two curving wings, like the claws of a crab, thrown out on each side.
In one of these wings the windows were broken and blocked with wooden boards, while the roof was partly caved in, a picture of ruin.
"Where does that bell communicate with?" he asked at last pointing to a thick bell-rope which hung down beside the bed, the tassel actually lying upon the pillow.
"What's in here?" he asked, tapping the safe.
We don't keep a cat. But there is a cheetah and a baboon.
A cheetah is just a big cat.
A cheetah is just a big cat, and yet a saucer of milk does not go very far in satisfying its wants.
"It is very essential, Miss Stoner," said he, "that you should absolutely follow my advice in every respect." "I shall most certainly do so." "The matter is too serious for any hesitation. Your life may depend upon your compliance."
"In the first place, both my friend and I must spend the night in your room."
You must confine yourself to your room, on pretence of a headache, when your stepfather comes back.
Tom took Mary on a romantic vacation.
Both Miss Stoner and I gazed at him in astonishment.
Good-bye and be brave.
But we shall have horrors enough before the night is over; for goodness' sake let us have a quiet pipe and turn our minds for a few hours to something more cheerful.
Far away we could hear the deep tones of the parish clock, which boomed out every quarter of an hour.
Beside this table, on the wooden chair, sat Dr. Grimesby Roylott clad in a long gray dressing-gown, his bare ankles protruding beneath, and his feet thrust into red heelless Turkish slippers.
"It is a swamp adder!" cried Holmes; "the deadliest snake in India."
"I had," said he, "come to an entirely erroneous conclusion which shows, my dear Watson, how dangerous it always is to reason from insufficient data."
You should've seen the look on Tom's face.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when I told him.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when he found out.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when he saw Mary and John kissing.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when Mary walked in.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when Mary kissed him.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when I told him about what Mary did.
You should've seen the look on Tom's face when I told him about what Mary had done.
You might've fooled Tom, but you didn't fool me.
You might've been able to fool Tom, but you won't be able to fool Mary.
I was able to convince Tom, but I wasn't able to convince Mary.
Tom walked in on Mary and John kissing.
Tom showed up empty-handed at Mary's birthday party.
Tom asked us to turn down the music.
Tom and Mary know each other so well that they often finish each other's sentences.
Tom did everything by the book.
Salad again?
Eat your salad.
This restaurant has a salad bar.
The 1980's called and they want you to shut the hell up.
Finish painting the room.
Clean those brushes.
The dog is infested with ticks.
My sister has Lyme disease.
Mary has Morgellons disease.
I am feeling better today.
The dog is wearing my socks.
The dog has destroyed my shoes.
All the fruit has gone bad.
Can I borrow your puppy? I want to attract women at the park.
I don't want to be on any prescription medicine.
There was a huge mistake.
This looks better than that.
Turn around and smile for the camera.
Take pictures of all the rooms.
Put this in the filing cabinet.
Snap to it.
He has huge balls.
I need to buy a mortar and pestle to grind garbanzo beans for authentic hummus.
Hummus comes from the Arabic word for chickpeas.
Tell me something interesting about garlic because you reek of it.
Mary farted. Tom turned around. "I love explosive performances," said Tom. Mary did not laugh.
Mary never laughs.
Mary is a florist.
Big nose, bald, pockmarked skin. Tom had all those qualities that Mary adored.
Mary didn't like her boyfriends to be too handsome. She didn't want to compete with other women.
I smashed the alarm clock.
He committed arson at work for revenge.
The original episodes of Star Trek put him in a trance.
He always wore the same green sweater with the collars turned up.
"Does your dog speak French?" asked Mary.
I live inside a machine.
"Am I the only one that has a phobia about water on my food?" asked Tom.
I don't want you to hear it, too.
Her father really was the most tactless person upon the Earth.
Tom is a black belt in Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Tom was a wrestler in high school.
Tom wrestled in high school.
Tom sat on the back steps.
Tom sat on the steps.
They wrestled playfully on the ground.
Tom picked Mary up and slung her over his shoulder.
Tom picked Mary up and carried her in his arms.
Tom and his dog wrestled playfully for the ball.
Tom and John wrestled in the backyard.
Mary watched the boys wrestle playfully in the backyard.
Tom played a board games with his friends.
Tom and his friends played a German board games.
Tom is a social media addict.
Mary is a social media addict.
Board games are popular in Germany.
Tom and his friends played the Settlers of Catan.
Tom and his friends played Monopoly.
Tom and Mary played Scrabble.
Tom and Mary played Backgammon.
Tom and Mary play Bridge.
Tom and Mary are Bridge partners.
Tom was born and raised in the United States.
Tom was born in Canada.
Tom grew up in Canada.
Tom grew up in Canada.
They wrestled playfully for a few minutes.
Tom's mother is Canadian.
This board game was designed so that every game is fairly close until the last turn.
Nikola Tesla was a prolific inventor.
Thomas Edison was a prolific inventor.
Tom suddenly became a genius after hitting his head on a rock in an bike accident.
They wrestled playfully in the grass.
Mary threw caution to the wind.
Tom is an autistic savant.
Muhammad Ali is considered one of the greatest boxers of all time.
Muhammad Ali ran four to eight miles a day backwards.
Mary smashed a beer mug on Tom's head. "Hello, Canada?" he said before falling to the ground.
Most people go to college to get a diploma.
Mary: "I have a Canada infection." Tom: "Do you mean chlamydia?" Mary: "Yes, welcome to Canada, er, I mean chlamydia."
I'm in the school play.
All the other teenagers have nice cars.
Snakes shed their skin.
"The problem with teenage dogs is that they die usually in their junior or senior years. Few, if any, make it to college," said Tom. "You insensitive prick! We just buried the family dog!" said Mary.
Tom and Mary chased each other in circles.
This is the moment you've all been waiting for.
This was the moment they had all been waiting for.
How about we order pizza?
I haven't had pizza in over a year.
"How about we order pizza?" "That's a great idea. I haven't had pizza in over a year."
For an hour or more that evening I listened to his monotonous chirrup.
Mary was completely exhausted.
They were both completely exhausted.
At last I was alone with Tom.
At last I was alone with Gladys, and the moment of fate had come!
She sat with that proud, delicate profile of hers outlined against the red curtain.
How beautiful she was!
How beautiful she was! And yet how aloof!
Gladys was full of every womanly quality.
Better be a repulsed lover than an accepted brother.
I have a presentiment that you are going to propose, Ned. I do wish you wouldn't; for things are so much nicer as they are.
I drew my chair a little nearer.
"How did you know that I was going to propose?" I asked in genuine wonder.
But, oh, Ned, our friendship has been so good and so pleasant! What a pity to spoil it!
Don't you feel how splendid it is that a young man and a young woman should be able to talk face to face as we have talked?
"You've spoiled everything, Ned," she said.
Why can't you control yourself?
But why can't you love me, Gladys? Is it my appearance, or what?
"Now tell me what's amiss with me?" "I'm in love with somebody else," said she.
I'm in love with somebody else.
It was my turn to jump out of my chair.
Tell me about him. What does he look like?
She looked so beautiful in her enthusiasm.
It is the mark of the kind of man I mean that he makes his own chances.
There are heroisms all round us waiting to be done.
Look at that young Frenchman who went up last week in a balloon. It was blowing a gale of wind, but because he was announced to go he insisted on starting. The wind blew him fifteen hundred miles in twenty-four hours, and he fell in the middle of Russia.
Think of the woman he loved, and how other women must have envied her!
There are heroisms all round us waiting to be done. It's for men to do them, and for women to reserve their love as a reward for such men.
I'd have done it to please you.
You shouldn't do it merely to please me.
"Now, when you described the Wigan coal explosion last month, could you not have gone down and helped those people, in spite of the choke-damp?" "I did." "You never said so." "There was nothing worth bucking about."
She looked at me with rather more interest.
That was brave of you.
What a prosaic motive! It seems to take all the romance out of it.
She gave me her hand, but with such sweetness and dignity that I could only stoop and kiss it.
I dare say I am merely a foolish woman with a young girl's fancies.
If I marry, I do want to marry a famous man.
As you say, men ought to make their own chances, and not wait until they are given.
Her dear hand rested like warm velvet upon my lips.
Some day, perhaps, when you have won your place in the world, we shall talk it over again.
And so it was that I found myself that foggy November evening pursuing the Camberwell tram with my heart glowing within me, and with the eager determination that not another day should elapse before I should find some deed which was worthy of my lady.
This opening chapter will seem to the reader to have nothing to do with my narrative; and yet there would have been no narrative without it, for it is only when a man goes out into the world with the thought that there are heroisms all round him, and with the desire all alive in his heart to follow any which may come within sight of him, that he breaks away as I did from the life he knows, and ventures forth into the wonderful mystic twilight land where lie the great adventures and the great rewards.
Was it hardness, was it selfishness, that she should ask me to risk my life for her own glorification? Such thoughts may come to middle age, but never to ardent three-and-twenty in the fever of his first love.
I felt hot and sticky.
Atlantic City in August is unbearably humid.
I'll see you on Tuesday. I mean tomorrow.
I like flowers, for example, roses.
The weather was bad so the plane was delayed.
Tell me about her. What does she look like?
Be a good sport.
Mickey Rourke almost committed suicide, but his dog made eye contact and convinced him to put the gun down.
Blood plasma is remarkably similar to sea water.
Tom tripped his boss.
Tom ate a can of beans.
Dogs seem to be getting smarter every year. I remember a farm dog long ago that tried to bite the tires of every pickup truck that drove past on the frontage road. Nowadays dogs never look up from their iPads. Yes, there's an occassional licking of their balls, but then it's back to the iPad.
Tom's dog was severely injured after being run over by a car. The dog refused to come out from underneath the house where it licked its wounds.
Mary bribed them with custard.
The guests stayed an extra day.
I have to help him. He's my friend.
I have to help her. She's my friend.
The old man nodded as I entered the room, and he pushed his spectacles far up on his bald forehead.
"Do you think, sir, that you could possibly send me on some mission for the paper? I would do my best to put it through and get you some good copy." "What sort of mission had you in your mind, Mr. Malone?" "Well, sir, anything that had adventure and danger in it. I would really do my very best. The more difficult it was the better it would suit me."
Tom smiled grimly.
You're big enough to look after yourself.
I noticed a tall, thin, angular man seated in an arm-chair by the fire.
What do you know of Professor Challenger?
He is a violent, dangerous, cantankerous character, hated by everyone who comes across him.
I thought of it first, but never acted on it.
It was a five-alarm fire.
"And so I said T.M.I., Tom. Too much information. I don't want to hear about your gross surgery," said Mary. "I know he is disgusting," said Mary's sister.
"Is French-Canadian an oxymoron?" asked Mary. "Far in the distance, there stands a lone drummer, and a rimshot is faintly heard," said Tom.
Habits turned into abuses.
American humor is often based on exaggeration.
Yes, sir, I would like to speak French.
He was sleeping in the bed.
Why do you want to walk in the park?
Cicero came late.
The poems of Homer were written in Greek.
A lion was sent to kill Hercules.
He is returning from Berlin tomorrow.
Although silver is precious, gold is more precious.
One of the eagle's wings was broken.
Part of the town was destroyed by the fires.
They say that the war is finished.
They make a desert, and they call it peace.
Mary was condemned to death.
Glory be to the Father and to the Son and to the Holy Spirit. As it was in the beginning, is now and ever shall be, world without end. Amen.
The water of the ocean is undrinkable.
You had gone to Italy to see the king's son.
Most people know that sea water is undrinkable.
You will wash the apple.
Could you please wash this apple for me?
If you wash apples, you don't need to peel them before you eat them.
My sister likes painting.
Darkness flees at sunrise.
Tom asked about Mary.
The outcome of war is uncertain.
You seem happy to me.
Knowledge is the foundation and source of good writing.
I murdered them all.
Your summer vacation sounds stupid.
Mary's sister is a total bitch.
Let's ditch them and hide under the bleachers.
I found this pickle on the floor. Should I eat it?
"Dad, Tom said humans descended from apes." "He certainly does. However, our ancestors were great kings."
Tensions between the USA and Russia are on the rise.
Tensions between the US and Russia are growing.
I was indoctrinated to hate religion.
Abortion is murder.
Mary is an influencer.
Turning over such things in her inflamed heart, the goddess came to the country of storm-clouds, Aeolia, breeding place of the raging winds.
Here in a vast cavern king Aeolus rules over the struggling winds and howling tempests, and restrains them in prison with fetters.
I have that song stuck in my head.
That song blows.
Buy some water jugs when you're in the store.
I like the Scottish accent.
Have you had dinner yet?
Those indignant winds grumble with a loud murmuring around the confines of the mountain; Aeolus sits in his high citadel, holding his scepter, and he soothes their spirits and tempers their rages: if he did not do this, they would surely snatch away seas and lands and the deep heaven itself, and sweep them off through the windy sky.
She took the prettiest silver pitcher which was in the residence.
Our world keeps getting smaller.
His reaction speed amazed me.
We will fight until Hell freezes over. And afterward, we will fight on the ice.
Go eat breakfast.
He's a nervous pee-er.
I can't fall asleep with my bladder full.
Where's your other shoe?
Go buy some ice.
The pool is full.
No, I don't want to see your handgun.
He's coming out of his depression.
What a bunch of pricks!
Did you fart on my salad?
You forgot to buy lettuce.
Do you know how to play hacky sack?
He's a junior writer on the show.
Have you heard the gossip?
I'll have the crab.
Cats like string.
There was a pile of feathers underneath the birdcage and a content cat sleeping near the fireplace.
Pardon me! I forgot your first name. Oh no, I remember. Your name is Maria.
He's naturally hairy.
Some people have compared Esperantism to a cult, but soon there will come a time when Zamenhof returns and punishes them for this sacrilege.
Some people have likened Esperantism to a cult, but soon the time will come when Zamenhof returns and punishes them for this sacrilege.
He's wearing his mask.
Take a picture.
Don't wake us up.
I'm out of underwear.
She can't stop crying.
I bought a new gravy boat.
Will you remember me?
Slow as you go.
This is a new chapter of my life.
Let's get it.
Get it for me.
Get it for us.
Let's ask for it.
Ask for it.
Come.
You're very short
What day is today?
Is that your answer?
Is that your answer?
Is it next to the door?
I'm behind you
He's from a small town
He's not from a big city.
She's in front of me.
Who's that person?
Is it an important job?
Is it near his house?
Is his job interesting?
Is his company important?
That's a short report.
My address isn't on your list.
Who's she with?
This is an easy game.
He's an important director.
Which book is big, this one or that one?
Who's in that car?
That's not the right answer.
He's a big deal.
I just knew it!
What jerks!
Gosh, it stinks downstairs real bad.
He finally got his head screwed back on.
He hates paperwork.
He hates the government.
He hates clerks.
Put on your flippers.
Clean your snorkel.
Eat less carbs.
Tom is working on flattening his stomach.
Tom makes open-faced sunflower butter sandwiches with rice cakes.
Tom is freezing.
Tom fell asleep on the job.
Eccles and Bluebottle were the funniest characters on The Goon Show radio program.
Benny Hill was a huge Francophile and spoke French fluently.
He's in that room.
Where's the email?
It's not on the wall.
Where is it then?
Your mother is very young.
This is his last chance.
My dad and my mom went to shopping with my brother and sister.
Is his wife happy in New York?
The folder is empty.
Syntax error.
This meeting is boring.
World Mobile Congress.
Is this the last page?
Your fax wasn't received.
This is my mobile.
Is the book in your briefcase?
Who's my teacher?
Your problem isn't important.
Who's this box for?
Company's CEO visits us.
The CEO of the company visits us.
Are these exercises difficult?
These numbers are wrong.
Where do you have your pencil?
Where are his?
Whose pictures are those?
Whose are they then?
They're at home now.
It was an imposing porticoed house at which we stopped, and the heavily-curtained windows gave every indication of wealth upon the part of this formidable Professor.
The door was opened by an odd, swarthy, dried-up person of uncertain age.
He looked me up and down with a searching light blue eye.
He seemed to be a person of few words.
Following him down the passage I was suddenly interrupted by a small woman, who stepped out from what proved to be the dining-room door.
She was a bright, vivacious, dark-eyed lady, more French than English in her type.
It is most considerate of you, madam.
Get quickly out of the room if he seems inclined to be violent. Don't wait to argue with him. Several people have been injured through doing that.
I could not lie to a lady.
Pretend to believe him, and you may get through all right.
A more honest man never lived.
The professor sat in a rotating chair behind a broad table, which was covered with books, maps, and diagrams.
His appearance made me gasp.
His head was enormous, the largest I have ever seen upon a human being. I am sure that his top-hat, had I ever ventured to don it, would have slipped over me entirely and rested on my shoulders.
He transfixed me with two sharp, steely eyes.
This is your problem, not mine.
Are these magazines his?
The ship's in the port.
He had sprung to his feet with a mad rage in his eyes.
He's an artist.
"Don't be such a fool, Professor!" I cried.
A policeman was beside us, his notebook in his hand.
The university's near here.
"What's all this? You ought to be ashamed," said the policeman.
The days are long in the summer.
It's a very interesting brochure.
The small woman was in a furious temper.
Hardly was the door shut when Mrs. Challenger darted out from the dining-room. The small woman was in a furious temper. She barred her husband's way like an enraged chicken in front of a bulldog.
"You brute, George!" she screamed. "You've hurt that nice young man."
I am so sorry, I didn't see you.
What kind of watch is that?
Oh, George, what a brute you are!
You've finished my patience. This ends it.
They're here because they're my friends.
What colour are those walls?
He bellowed with laughter.
The one on the desk is mine.
All that you say is perfectly true. I should be a better man if I did what you advise, but I shouldn't be quite George Edward Challenger. There are plenty of better men, my dear, but only one G.E.C. So make the best of him.
The Professor closed the door carefully behind us, motioned me into an arm-chair, and pushed a cigar-box under my nose.
Now lean back, and listen attentively to whatever I may care to say to you. If any remark should occur to you, you can reserve it for some more opportune time.
When are the meetings?
They're not in that meeting.
They're with her because they're her friends.
Why are you with them?
Those beaches are far from here.
The water's very hot.
Would you kindly look at this?
The owner's explanation is clear.
This place is very pleasant.
It's a very hot day.
What's their answer?
What are the real figures?
Why are the people angry?
Do people really want to be educated?
Don't do crunches if you're pregnant.
Eat all the chocolate ice cream you want. It's your life.
And then what?
I said something stupid.
Where are your son's toys?
There was no alternative.
"You did that on purpose." "I did not!"
Tom stepped on the scale.
You're going to need all the help you can get.
Tom stepped off the scale.
The midterms are coming up.
My midterms exams are coming up soon.
The midterm elections are coming up.
Where is the welcoming committee?
Taking things apart is easier than putting them back together.
Tom and Mary are in the same study group.
This is a direct order.
What will we do now?
Can I borrow your notes?
I'm not leaving him behind.
I'm not leaving her behind.
I'm not leaving you behind.
Tom leaned against the locker.
Access deny.
Access restricted.
Tom and Mary were voted the cutest couple in their class.
Installation status
Mary wore a sleeveless gown.
Update your system.
Improve your skills
Dogs are our best friends.
Mary wore a strapless dress.
You'll need a dress for the cocktail party.
Where is your luggage?
Most of my stuff is still in storage.
She didn't want Tom to see her like this.
Mary didn't want Tom to see her like this.
Where's the lawyer's money?
It's not enough space.
I'm not going to Tom's apartment.
I'm not going to Tom's house.
I'm not going to Tom's place.
I will clean this up later.
And by time I got here, my wife had already gone out.
Always I hid who I really was.
To most people, I'm an extroverted person.
Never volunteer for anything.
I'll put this away.
You destroyed their family.
Do you want to sign?
You must be quick, otherwise you will not see her.
I couldn't ask you.
Maybe we should have thought of this before.
Maybe I should have thought of this before.
Maybe you should have thought of this before.
I did not receive a response from him until today.
From the second letter of Saint Paul.
Either I am right, or you are right.
"And I may come?" I asked eagerly. "Why, surely," he answered, cordially.
It looks like this German deli is killing its customers. They all look horrible and bloated.
I'll have the prime rib dinner.
I don't like gravy with my dinner. Gravy tastes like nasty chemicals to me.
Tom is such a jerk sometimes.
Can I change the mashed potatoes to coleslaw?
We only serve the prime rib dinner on weekends.
I really want that bag of paprika potato chips.
It took about 15 minutes.
Banh Mi are Vietnamese sandwiches.
Tom ate an avocado toast.
Mary ate a smashed avocado toast.
I prefer to err on the side of caution.
Tom ate a stale sandwich.
Tom ate a doner kebab.
Tom ate a falafel sandwich.
Tom ate a lobster roll.
Tom ate a panini.
Tom ate a pulled pork sandwich.
Tom ate a roast beef sandwich.
Tom ate a chicken sandwich.
Tom ate a sloppy joe.
Tom ate a cheeseburger.
Tom ate a tuna sandwich.
Tuna sandwiches are usually made with mayonnaise.
Tom only eats dolphin-safe tuna.
Tom ate a cheesesteak sandwich.
Tom ate a Philly steak sandwich.
The Bauru is a popular Brazilian sandwich.
That flower is edible.
Why would he suggest that, in your opinion?
One language isn't enough for anything.
A billion international auxiliary languages is never enough.
But in fear of this, the almighty father hid them in black caves, and placed a mound and high mountains over them, and he gave them a king who, under a binding agreement, would know both to suppress them and to give them loose reins, when ordered.
I own a dairy farm.
Tom made a student film.
Tom is studying film in college.
Two cats balanced on a ledge.
Canned beans and romance do not mix.
It stinks down here.
She is a work of art.
No one understands her.
Excuse me. Is this seat taken?
The buck stops here.
Mine is the next stop.
Pull over!
You are a beautiful woman!
After eating dinner, I walked the dog.
The dog and cat slept intertwined on a red pillow in front of the fire.
We roasted marshmallows over the campfire.
The campfire roared and sparks shot up into the starry sky.
It is the broken people, the outcasts, that give the world its flavor. Otherwise, the world would be nothing but a bunch of soulless jerkoffs.
We live.
I dreamt I was a horse.
I like every type of olives.
Children like to put olives on the end of their fingers.
Tom said Mary wasn't skeptical.
It pays to tip well.
I feel she doesn't love me any longer.
I remember the day we met.
She's the girl who accepts and loves me as I am.
These are not ravens; these are crows.
It's a very intelligent bird, but this is not a magpie at all; it's a jackdaw.
I'll marry her.
Our life absolutely changed in Boston.
As I got the train, I didn't think I wouldn't return any more.
Figured it's the least I could do.
I have no idea why he did what he did.
He's his friend.
It would be a dream come true.
I like English muffins, but they'd have to be gluten free.
I warmed my hands in front of the campfire.
When I was a child, there was a sprawling swap meet held every weekend a few towns away. I remember the hardened characters that stood around fire barrels, selling their wares.
Say hello to my incline treadmill.
The steak was inadvertently burnt, but nonetheless it tasted spectacular.
Lovely ivy cascaded down and partially obscured the cave entrance.
I like this browser the best.
Please buy some blood oranges at the grocery store.
I'll nurse you back to health with colorful vegetables and hearty stews.
His legs were broken in a bicycling accident.
He started his musical career by busking in the town square.
Christianity is the truth.
The priest is a good man.
Priests are good men.
The coffee was bitter.
Don't leave it in the microwave too long.
Do you like peas?
Can you see through the eyes of Player2?
It takes me hours to feel like I'm awake.
I'm a caffeine recycling machine.
Excuse me, but I'm lying.
This wasn't the first time.
Has anyone ever in human history driven to the store only to buy beans?
Where's the proof of that?
I've cured all my maladies with a diet of unprocessed food and by forgoing gluten, wheat, and grains.
"If I can only change one person's life," said Mary. "You mean Player2?" said Tom,
Strengthen your core.
It's a science to find the perfect fruit and vegetables in the grocery store.
Big pharma wants you dead.
There's a weird taste to this cererly.
Why certainly! Yuk, yuk.
Hey! Wait a minute!
I'm heading to the gym.
How can I be freezing?
He likes to pontificate in his spare time.
The Catholic Church built the West.
He is handsome.
They are beautiful.
Jesus is good.
Is the Holocaust a hoax?
The cat woke up.
This woman is ugly.
Simone de Beauvoir is an ugly woman.
The priest is good.
This priest is a good man.
The video shows a trick on how to open a pomegranate easily.
It's soft to the touch.
I'm being railroaded.
Why the inquision?
What do you hope to prove?
OK, hop to it.
Put it in a lower gear.
You'll burn out the clutch.
My arm has gone numb.
My hands are numb from the fall.
I like that shirt on you. It's slimming.
Take out the recyclables.
I'm going to the hazardous waste dump.
The pharmacist died of an overdose.
The doctor was arrested.
I sued my doctor for malpractice.
I still have a piece of shrapnel in my chest.
Two masked men held up the jewelry store last night.
The bookkeeper was arrested for embezzlement.
He's a fidgeter.
Why are you sweating so much?
She just doesn't understand you.
He's a fantastic uncle with his nephew.
Stop playing video games for three years.
The dog is barking in his sleep.
What are the usual storylines behind a typical dog dream?
It was a high production dog dream. They even had catering.
"I am going to fart," said Tom. "I've never been there," said Mary. "Believe me, in your sleep you have," said Tom.
We eat buffalo burgers on Thursdays.
I think your uncle has high blood pressure. His face is always red.
Your cousin is disgusting.
He's perfected his weight lifting program and diet.
Tom and Mary make all their meals for the week on Sundays.
Every day is different.
Simone de Beauvoir is a bad woman.
Simone de Beauvoir is a filthy woman.
Simone de Beauvoir is a dirty woman.
Women hate feminism.
Who is the son of Mary? Jesus.
He is in seventh place.
Tom and Mary have anorexia.
She's always been bested and so she acts like a fucking cunt.
I wish I was full-blooded Scottish instead of just an eye dropper full. Then I could get my full indignantion on.
Ten dollars for three ounces of German potato chips? Are you kidding me?
They don't make self-righteous fucknuts like they used to.
I'll respond in a couple of hours.
I'm so constipated I'm going to shit diamonds.
Dang it! Lentils weight a lot more than I expected. Now I'm stuck with 2.2 pounds of bulk lentils. Maybe I should put them down and run.
Thank you for fucking up this planet. Sincerely, the rest of us.
Tom lost a lot of weight and now he's cold all the time.
I can't wait for this.
You can't trust anyone these days.
Mary nudged her horse forward.
I'm happy about this.
I'm very happy about this.
It was another perfect day.
She couldn't look away.
He couldn't look away.
So, how did I do?
She smiled awkwardly at him.
Tom smiled awkwardly at Mary.
I know she has a boyfriend.
I know he has a girlfriend.
Tom mentally kicked himself.
Mary mentally kicked herself.
Are you going to the gala?
Tom rented a tuxedo.
Mary adjusted the straps of her dress.
Oh my gosh, this is embarrassing.
Mary was wearing ripped jeans.
"There's a hole in your jeans." "Yeah, I know. I bought them like that."
Mary's jeans are ripped at the knees.
Mary made her own ripped jeans with a utility knife.
Mary made her own ripped jeans with a utility knife.
Ripped jeans are back in fashion.
Mary wore knee cut jeans.
Mary wore boyfriend jeans.
Mary wore a boyfriend T-shirt.
Tom wore an old wool sweater.
Mary seemed a little bored.
Mary, come back to Paris with me.
I was too excited to sleep.
Are you traveling alone?
You completely missed my point.
Mary flushed red at the compliment.
The baby looked just like his mother.
We had a minor disagreement.
I began to feel uneasy.
I began to feel uneasy.
Tom looked thoughtful.
Will you come to the meeting?
Do you have a problem with this?
Do you have a problem with it?
We weren't expecting you so soon.
It was even better than I had imagined.
It was even better than I had imagined it would be.
It was a lot easier than I had imagined.
It worked even better than I had imagined.
Things had gone even better than I had imagined.
Tom watched in amazement.
How do you know how to do this?
"Did you know about this?" "About what?"
Where are all the scarfs?
Turn on the fan.
Drain the oil.
Wash the vegetables.
Keep stirring.
Flip them over.
She's had a long day.
I'm drinking too much coffee.
Let's play a board game.
Where can I buy organic eggs?
For the finishing touch, add fresh herbs.
A deer sleeps on a hill in our yard every night.
If you live deep in a forest, don't watch scary movies.
She is breathing deeply in her sleep.
She has dark curly hair that glistens.
Salt and pepper to taste.
You know the ritual.
I'm from upper state New York.
As a kid, I was supposed to have my own laboratory in barn, but our family did not buy the old farm.
We learned a lot about life and nature in summer camp.
She's a gold digger.
Do you know the lyrics?
I've written nine hit songs and an award-winning musical.
He is a fitness expert.
Tom and Mary are fascists.
Tom loves fascism.
Porn kills love.
Your parents love you.
Your parents really like you.
Let's sing!
Let us sing!
You will take a nap.
You'll be taking a nap.
Juno then, as a suppliant, addressed him in these words: "Aeolus (for the father of the gods has granted you authority to calm the seas and to stir them up with the winds), a race hateful to me is sailing upon the Tyrrhenian sea, carrying Troy along with its conquered gods to Italy."
She's a crazy witch.
There's more than enough sadness to go around.
Tom brought a cake.
I assume you are Canadian.
But when you ask, you must believe and not doubt, because the one who doubts is like a wave of the sea, blown and tossed by the wind.
But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.
My brothers, do not be children in mind: in evil be as little children, but in mind be of full growth.
Brothers, let me put this in human terms. Even a human covenant, once it is ratified, cannot be canceled or amended.
Dear friends, although I was making every effort to write to you concerning our common salvation, I considered it a necessity to write to you to encourage you to contend for the faith delivered once and for all to the saints.
For we hear that some among you are living irresponsibly, working at nothing, but being busybodies.
Is this game cross-platform?
It's not bedtime yet.
What did you discover?
Is everyone a forensic scientist now?
He can't seem to relax.
He has anxiety issues.
Now everyone has an Irish accent?
Tom is hitlerist.
A person who makes a beast of themselves gets rid of the pain of being human.
Behold! This is the disciple of Jesus.
This is the disciple of Jesus.
I put my hat on.
They put their clothes on.
Mary put her jewellery on.
He put the jumper on inside out.
He quickly put his trousers on.
I put my Sunday best on.
What did you wear last night?
Mary put her coat on and left.
Tom took his clothes off and put the pyjamas on.
Tom got dressed and put his shoes on.
She put some make-up on, made herself pretty and went to the date.
The woman put on some black clothes and red shoes with very high heels.
The lawyer put his robe on before defending his client in the trial.
He put his cooking apron on in order to avoid getting his jumper dirty with greasy stains.
This is your son, Mary!
Jesus is your son, Mary!
Hail Mary, full of grace.
The Lord is with thee.
Our Lord is with thee.
Our Lord is with you.
The Lord is with you.
We watched Ukrainian films with Esperanto subtitles.
Tom is a Christian priest.
Tom is a Catholic priest.
Atheism is a mistake.
Cows are considered sacred by Hindus.
Popular lectures are the easiest to listen to, but they are necessarily both superficial and misleading, since they have to be graded to the comprehension of an ignorant audience.
The project is massive.
The issues encountered will be epic.
Construction will start in a few weeks.
Feminism is disgusting.
She'll have a second chance of life.
He works for a public utility.
Can you keep me company?
It's a toxic environment.
Over 50 baboons have escaped from the Paris Zoological Park.
I am a barbarian.
I'm hungry again.
I have a huge appetite.
Brace yourself!
They just woke up.
We sell everything: from soup to nuts.
I don't like mussels.
It won't matter in the long run.
Let's meet at that fondu restaurant.
She's crippled now.
Wow! You've lost a lot of weight.
Can you watch your brother for a little while?
Can you watch your sister for a little while? We won't be gone long.
Mary was wearing her new dress.
I haven't been out in ages.
I haven't been out for ages.
Tom used to bring me here to swim when I was younger.
Sorry. I didn't mean it like that.
You've been looking strung out these past weeks.
Tom brought the cup to his lips.
Tom logged onto his Facebook account.
Give me a moment to change.
Tom sent Mary a friend request.
No one had an answer.
Tom was awakened by the sound of a woman singing.
We'd like to look at some engagement rings.
How about we get out of here?
Tom became a cooperating witness.
I'm hungry for a Sicilian spleen sandwich.
Deep fry everthing.
The minutes became hours.
"Dog, can you do me a solid and poop?" said Tom.
Tom pooped in the hot tub.
It's day already.
Tom peed in the pool.
Tom got his painting framed.
Tom helped many muslims convert to Christianity.
Stop bragging.
Respect my privacy.
Where is the other screw?
I'm cured!
Correction. It's the inverse.
Good things will happen.
Fleas are everywhere downstairs.
Tom shaved his mustache.
Mary wore a floral print dress.
The wizard has a magic wand.
Dress for success.
Tom put a quarter into the jukebox.
Mary broke up with her boyfriend just before the prom.
Respect others.
Mary is disgusted with people who watch porn.
Tom always sits in the back of the class.
Mary always sat in the back of the class.
I will not settle for a silver medal.
That coffee smells so good.
She seems fake.
She can't hide her lack of passion.
What are they fighting about?
Put me on the cancelation list.
We make enough money to get by.
She brings the party with her wherever she goes.
The boys fought over a girl.
The girls fought over a boy.
You're blocking the view.
Hear, O Israel. The Lord is our God. The Lord is One.
I listen carefully to my religious community.
But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it.
How narrow is the gate, and strait is the way that leadeth to life: and few there are that find it!
Porn is disgusting.
Tom had no idea why everyone was laughing.
Mary had no idea why everyone was laughing.
Tom, this is serious!
Tom turned Christian.
Mary's mad at me because she thinks I stole her boyfriend.
I hate it when they fight.
Mom and Dad are fighting again.
Hey, you two, get a room!
That's one of the greatest love songs ever written.
Tom's story had a happy ending.
Mary has a talking doll.
Edison's talking doll was a dismal failure.
Tom was getting ready to go out with his friends.
Mary is getting ready to go out with her friends.
I don't remember asking you for your advice.
I know this is an unpopular opinion.
Tom pushed Mary's hand away.
Mary pushed Tom's hand away.
Tom! How could you?
He was afraid of moths as a child.
Our class is taking a field trip tomorrow.
Remember those paintings we bought on the street in Paris?
No hugging at the gas station.
Please do not do push ups in the aisles.
I can't fathom it.
The Devil is afraid of you, Jesus.
It's a good idea, but is it worth it?
I'm hanging out with my friends.
Those lyrics make me want to puke.
If Mozart heard modern radio he'd run out into traffic and end it all.
I do not wash myself.
Do you want to watch another episode?
To solve the problem of Palestine it would be necessary for the Palestinians to abandon the so-called Palestinian Authority and unite around a common political front to defend the rights of all Palestinians, including the refugees and their descendants, who want to return to Palestine. It would also be necessary for them to definitively abandon the so-called "two-state solution," which in my opinion is very similar to the racist solution to South Africa that consisted of dividing South Africa into territories for white people and into territories supposedly "autonomous" or "independent" for the native peoples.
The football game is tomorrow.
Twenty minutes later a little girl came traipsing along.
There is a blue colour umbrella stand by the office entrance.
We stuffed ourselves with nougat and shortbread cookies during Christmas Holidays.
The sales manager is a very likeable woman.
We found all the trees leaning by the wind strength.
This summary is too succinct; it needs further elaboration to make it understandable.
They pretend to be sanctimonious but, in fact, they are hypocrite and despicable.
The facts are plain, nobody can deny them.
Despite the dramatic accident, the passengers were unhurt and walked out unharmed.
The media called her a homewrecker.
Tom dropped out of college and became a millionaire.
Tom dropped out of college and became a truck driver.
And the rest is history.
What have I gotten myself into?
Many people are afraid of traveling by plane.
The ride broke down.
The roller coaster broke down and Tom was stuck at the top for eight hours.
There was a really long line to get on the roller coaster.
Mary is an architect.
Tom is a drummer.
Tom is a bass player.
Tom's solo was awesome.
Mary is the lead singer.
You've got to teach me.
There are many low-cost airlines in Europe.
There are many budget airlines in Europe.
Tom got a bulk discount.
Tom is a flight attendant.
Mary is a flight attendant.
Tom's parents were very permissive.
Tom's parents were very strict.
Tom's parents are very permissive.
Tom's parents are very strict.
Mary's parents are very permissive.
Mary's parents were very permissive.
Mary's parents are very strict.
Mary's parents were very strict.
Tom is a respectful young man.
Tom found $5 in the dryer.
You need to print your ticket at home or show your ticket using your cellphone.
Tom's parents didn't allow him to watch Harry Potter.
Mary liked hanging around with Tom.
The waiter came over to take away Tom's empty plate.
The waiter came over to take Tom's order.
Tom met Mary at work.
Located 105.5 meters below the ground, Arsenalna station in Kiev is the deepest metro station in the world.
Tom smiled at Mary when she walked in.
Tom knows porn harms the brain.
Mary smiled at Tom when he walked in.
Mary told Tom she finds porn repulsive, so he quitted watching it.
Tom was on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Mary was on the verge of a nervous breakdown.
Why is she talking to that guy?
Most European cities are very old.
Tom seemed to know just about everyone.
Mary seemed to know everyone.
Tom seemed to know everyone.
It was a tough pill to swallow.
In Finland, almost everyone has a sauna in their home.
The breakfast place is very busy.
The two dogs sniffed each other.
The hipster music played overhead at restaurant.
Please wait to be seated.
Seat yourself.
I should speak to Mary today.
Everyone gushes over how cute Mary's dog is.
I'm going to go find the restroom.
The beat was catchy.
Another song started playing.
I have your dog with me.
Porn is repulsive.
Feminism is wonderful!
Romanians are a religious people.
He never even tried to kiss me.
I tried to contain my laughter.
Mary tried to contain her laughter.
Tom loves the Russian people because they are Christians.
I am full of potatoes.
He only eats potatoes.
His blood sugar is spiking.
Your hippie crisp contained so much fiber! I lost five pounds the next day.
You have many fixations.
Stop thinking about Freud.
Does zionism kill more than Big Pharma?
Tom helped Mary with her luggage.
She lived a life of luxury.
Tom and Mary live in a spacious house.
Tom lives in the lap of luxury.
Her life was a fairytale.
The more people you know, the less time you have to visit them.
Our Father, who art in Heaven.
Thy kingdom come!
Do you want a hot dog?
What is your favorite comfort food?
I don't like those shoes.
Why didn't I know I was sick the whole time?
My brains were scrambled.
I have to leave in ten minutes.
Why do I hang out with you guys?
They clipped his wings.
She's in a deep sleep.
I'll have the red curry with brown rice.
I like underground comics.
Move a little!
Why do jews hate gentiles?
Christ conquers. Christ reigns. Christ commands.
Actually I hate porn.
Lord Jesus Christ, Son of God, have mercy on me, a sinner.
Tom likes Ukranians because they are Christians.
Please do not forget capital letters and punctuation! Thank you!
We accepted their invitation.
Her children do what they want.
Growing militarism in some countries puts world peace in danger.
His answer was unforeseen; none of us there expected it.
Capers are like little olives.
Both sportsmen are very competitive and, often, animosities arise between them.
The party ended up in chaos and, at the end, they were thrown out.
Your replies are improper of your condition of a cultured person.
The improbability of raining today is pretty high.
She was hoarse from all the shouting.
Can you count the stars?
I skimmed through the article.
I'll make a spinach salad.
Oh, yeah. I forgot I have protein powder.
According to the radio, a storm is imminent in the North Sea.
Do you think she'll agree?
Do you think he'll agree?
His pride was wounded.
Don't worry. You'll make a fine father.
I'll do my best to make you proud.
Don't you read the papers?
Tom is a stenographer.
Mary is a stenographer.
He laid a hand on her shoulder.
Don't worry. Everything will work out fine.
Mary kissed her father on his cheek.
Don't worry. You'll be fine.
I don't work well in the mornings.
Don't tell me you've forgotten what day it is.
I wanted to thank you for last night.
You can't make a living being a writer.
Don't you threaten me!
You had your sister really worried.
Tom finished his plate almost as fast as I did.
Tom finished his meal first.
After I sat down in the restaurant, the waiter came over to take my order.
Mary gathered up her long dress.
Don't worry. Everything is fine.
Everything was not fine.
If there's anything I can do, just let me know.
Let's get started.
Mary took off her gloves and laid them on the table.
Follow me right this way.
The waiter came over to the table.
What happened? Why are you crying?
Can I make a suggestion?
They all raised their glasses.
Tom perused the menu.
Tom ordered some Eggs Benedict.
The children were restless.
That's not what I ordered.
Mary's face brightened.
Mary was surprised at her friend's reaction.
I'm making spaghetti sauce.
Slow down when you eat.
I'm not a firm believer.
Some doctor is vilifying tomatoes. Sounds like a scam.
We'll catch the next flight out.
We had mango and sticky rice for dessert.
Sleep is important for weight loss and for maintaining a healthy weight.
You don't need to apologize, Tom. I fell in love with you all on my own.
Mary is an aromatherapist.
Nobody said life was fair.
Life is not meant to be easy.
It wasn't part of the plan.
It's a great team-building exercise.
Tom went on a safari in Africa.
It smells delicious. What are you having?
What are you having? It smells delicious.
Mary crossed her fingers behind her back.
Tom crossed his fingers behind his back.
"Yes," said Mary, crossing her fingers behind her back.
A shiver ran down her spine.
A shiver ran down Tom's spine.
What did you cook? It smells delicious.
At what temperature do you cook your chicken?
You have better taste than I thought.
It was warm and cozy inside.
I want to fight!
I walked home.
Their wedding was televised on TV.
She wears an anklet.
Do you see the man's horse?
The horse only drinks pure water.
The goose was killed by a fox.
I want to write a book about the spiders of my region.
They say that you were wrong.
Be still, and know that I am God.
These are the girls.
Don't fish in this river. It is not allowed.
I think I heard a baby's cry.
These are James's glasses.
I opened the door with my key.
There are giant snakes on this island.
You shouldn't be so rude.
I don't see a horse, but I see a wolf.
For every action there is always an equal and opposite reaction.
Tom wasn't in school today.
What should we call the company?
What is the incubation period?
Why do you want to learn a foreign language?
13 is definitely not an unlucky number, at least not for us.
I cannot feel a thing.
Tom tried to thwart their plans.
There is new Cult of Scientism, a dogmatic circle jerk of intellectual bullies who insist the only "science" that's true is their own selected brand of corporate-sponsored science.
Tom is against modern Big-Pharma-sponsored medicine.
Mary likes Italians because they are Catholic Christians.
Big Pharma doesn't give a damn about your health.
These are my underpants.
They really took advantage of you.
They really used you.
Dogs can swim.
Tom is busy making breakfast for his family.
The insect wants to have sex.
The insect moves in a sexy way.
The insect's mouth moves in a sexy way.
God is mighty.
Alan is a perv.
Tom was addicted to porn, but he recovered and never watched it again.
Sami is a man.
I'm a big coffee drinker.
When do you leave?
What time are you getting up?
The seatbelt is broken.
This clothes bag is invaluable.
We march tonight under the cover of darkness.
Hail, Queen, mother of mercy.
He was detained for selling weed.
The police have not yet come to the crime scene.
It's illegal to provide alcoholic drinks to minors.
I had suffered from anorexia for a couple of years.
I have a severe toothache.
My headache is worse than you think.
I think that people asking me for money are just delusional.
I could barely afford anything two years ago.
I have been indoctrinated to hate Christianity.
Alan kills women with his hands.
He hasn't called yet.
Don't compare yourself to others. Be happy with who you are and what you have.
This picture fascinates me.
Their canoe capsized.
Cut the meat into thin strips.
"Strike force to the winds, sink and overwhelm the ships; or drive them apart and scatter their bodies on the sea."
I want to read a few sea novels.
Is that what she told you?
Is that what he told you?
"Fourteen nymphs are in my service, surpassing in comeliness, of whom Deiopea, the most beautiful, I will unite in steadfast marriage to you and declare her your own; that in exchange for such benefits she may dwell with you all her years, and make you the father of beautiful offspring."
This is no time to be shy.
I found myself walking under the silvery lights of Regent Street, full of thoughts of Gladys and of wonder as to my future.
Don't worry. I have a plan.
Don't go too far away from camp.
Tom hurried down the hall.
Tom tried to start a fire by rubbing two sticks together.
A gust of wind knocked over a large umbrella onto the diners.
Take your foot off the gas.
He eats beans only if he has no pending social engagements.
Do you know how to drink palm wine?
I miss the smell of chimney smoke.
Sompoton is a Kadazandusun traditional bamboo aerophone.
I'll make some tater tots for the kids.
Do you know how to play sompoton?
Everyone mucked in and the kitchen was abuzz.
Why are you so reluctant?
I like the pepper.
The blonde Frenchman killed the indigenous man.
Before the renovation the house was in a disastrous state.
Mary knows that porn harms the brain.
And Jesus wondered because of their unbelief, and he went through the villages round about teaching.
Tom is a Christian since the year 1950.
Tom thought it was delicious.
I thought he was different.
Don't be ignorant.
I thought it was delicious.
Tom ate a pomegranate.
Tom thought it was delicious, but I thought was nothing special.
It was nothing special.
Tom spoke with his mouth full.
Tom is Amish.
Tom and Mary are Amish.
I've had my fill.
Tom and Mary cooked marshmallows over the fire.
This bread contains ancient grains, such as flaxseed, millet, kamut, amaranth, quinoa, red fife and Khorasan wheat.
This bread is made from sprouted grains.
Mary only eats sprouted bread.
Tom follows a raw vegan diet.
We should be extremely cautious.
Multigrain breads contain many kinds of grains.
Tom has a juicer.
Tom has a juice extractor.
It could be very dangerous.
Mary likes muesli.
Tom ate a Mediterranean farro salad.
I have no ulterior motives.
Tom drank a smoothie.
Blueberries contain antioxidants.
Tom ate a tempeh burger.
I've always wondered what it would be like.
I've always wondered what it would be like to live in the lap of luxury.
I've always wondered what it would be like to be rich.
Did you see the game yesterday?
I've always wondered what it would be like to kiss him.
I've always wondered what it would be like to kiss her.
Tom and Mary are going through a nasty divorce.
I didn't want to be here in the first place.
I didn't want to come here in the first place.
Tom and Mary decided to marry and start a family.
Tom doesn't make enough money to support a family.
Tom teaches music part-time.
The doctor ran a few tests.
Tom stuffed a handful of popcorn into his mouth.
Oh, I just remembered.
Oh, I just remembered. Tom left you a message.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't do that alone.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom said he hopes that Mary won't go home by herself.
Tom said he thought there was a good chance that it would rain.
Tom is happy that you were able to do that.
I'm happy you were able to do that.
What do you think this is, a hotel?
Why don't you come over here and hang out?
Mary laughed happily.
Focus on something positive.
Mary sold Girl Scout cookies in her neighborhood.
I'm so hungry I could eat an elephant.
Mary is very upset.
Do you want to tell me something?
The moon slipped behind the clouds.
I'm getting tired of waiting.
The snow is soft.
Mary likes macaroni.
Tom ate mac and cheese.
Tom ate macaroni and cheese.
Tom slept.
Who's with you?
Tom is fit.
Women hate you.
I killed Tom.
Mary sings alto.
Let Tom wait.
People like you.
Tom is blond.
Who'll help you?
Tom is cheap.
There aren't mine.
Tom is three.
These aren't ours.
Tom threw up.
Is tomorrow Monday?
Mary sings soprano.
Will Tom live?
Monday was special.
I notified Tom.
This looks important.
I'm called Tom.
I work on Monday.
It's not Tom's.
Is that your son?
Tom hated that.
That's a big dog.
Tom likes dogs.
We met on Monday.
Tom likes math.
I'll come get you.
Tom loves math.
I'll go on Monday.
Tom scolded me.
I live near Boston.
Tom was strict.
I'm busy on Monday.
What's Tom job?
I'm free on Monday.
Tom drinks milk.
We met last Monday.
Tom is muscular.
Why didn't you eat?
Tom loves pizza.
You should go, too.
Tom pled guilty.
Please go to Boston.
Tom wanted help.
Let's meet on Monday.
Tom wants fruit.
We'll meet on Monday.
Tom was sloshed.
You're not like them.
Tom was smashed.
I'll meet you tonight.
That's Tom's dog.
Is that your daughter?
That's not Tom's.
Keep next Monday free.
This isn't Tom's.
Mary is my stepmother.
Tom bought bread.
Pour yourself a drink.
Tom didn't react.
Spring is almost here.
Tom is debt-free.
Winter is almost here.
Tom likes coffee.
I'll call you sometime.
Tom loves Boston.
Mary is my grandmother.
Tom loves apples.
What about next Monday?
We're Tom's sons.
Please come next Monday.
You cheated, didn't you?
I interviewed Tom.
Mary is my mother-in-law.
Please punish Tom.
Is there something happening?
Stop bullying Tom.
I wish I knew why.
Tom likes biology.
May I sit with you?
Tom likes science.
I'll send you a copy.
Tom likes walking.
I have work on Monday.
Tom loves science.
I'll come pick you up.
Tom murdered Mary.
I'll meet you at 2:30.
Tom was shirtless.
Tell me a ghost story.
We've located Tom.
What else will you do?
Where's Tom's dog?
When did you buy this?
Which one's Tom's?
Why do women hate you?
That's still Tom's.
I never work on Monday.
These aren't Tom's.
I'll let you handle it.
Tom isn't handsome.
Mary is doing her hair.
Tom loves football.
Mary is quite a looker.
Tom loves swimming.
This isn't what I need.
Tom googled himself.
This isn't what I want.
Tom humiliated Mary.
When did you make this?
Tom is quick-witted.
Why don't you eat beef?
Tom likes chemistry.
Why don't you eat pork?
Tom loves squirrels.
I never work on Mondays.
Tom studied biology.
I'll cut you some slack.
Tom studies biology.
I'm faster than you are.
Mary is fixing her hair.
Tom loves basketball.
Tell me why you're here.
Tom should've waited.
We never work on Monday.
We're Tom's children.
We stared at each other.
That's Tom's suitcase.
When did you paint this?
Tom sounded desperate.
When did you write this?
Tom studied chemistry.
Who'll help you do that?
Tom studies chemistry.
I wish today were Monday.
We're Tom's daughters.
I won't come before 2:30.
Something offended Tom.
I'll be free next Monday.
That's Tom's girlfriend.
I'm quicker than you are.
What's Tom's occupation?
Mary has lost an earring.
Tom is a VIP.
Mary is a beautiful lady.
So Tom went in.
Next Monday will be fine.
We all saw Tom.
We never work on Mondays.
Who let Tom in?
What'll you do on Monday?
Why is Tom sad?
I have plans Monday night.
I hate Tom, too.
Let's eat out next Monday.
I must warn Tom.
Mary is tall and gorgeous.
I saw Tom first.
Tell me about it tomorrow.
I'm sick of Tom.
You should really do that.
Tom is a nobody.
I play tennis every Monday.
Tom is a skater.
Tell me about your company.
I frowned at Tom.
Tell me about your hobbies.
I glanced at Tom.
Tell me about your problem.
I hate Tom's hat.
Tell me about your teacher.
I like Tom's cat.
I went shopping last Monday.
I love Tom's son.
No wonder you were confused.
I met Tom online.
Tell me about your problems.
I rarely see Tom.
I've tried doing that before.
I seldom see Tom.
Let's get together on Monday.
Is that dog Tom's?
Mary is a fine-looking woman.
Tom is also here.
Nothing bad has happened yet.
Tom is quite fit.
I'm more confused than before.
Tom lost his gun.
My grandparents live in Boston.
Tom smiles a lot.
You aren't doing that correctly.
I love Tom's idea.
Let's get together Monday evening.
I waxed Tom's car.
I know his weak points.
Tom's waiting for you.
Would you like a whole or half portion?
You're not really supposed to do that.
You aren't really supposed to do that.
You're not really older than me, are you?
You're not really older than I am, are you?
You should do what Tom tells you.
You should do what Tom tells you to do.
You need to do what you've been told to do.
You need to do what you've been told.
You look like you're not having any fun.
You look like you aren't having any fun.
You look like you aren't enjoying yourself.
You look like you're not enjoying yourself.
You don't seem to like anyone here.
You don't seem to like anybody here.
You don't seem to be as happy as Tom.
You don't seem to be as happy as Tom is.
You don't seem amused by what's going on.
You don't seem to be amused by what's going on.
You don't look like you're having a good time.
You look like you aren't having a good time.
You can't be older than me.
You can't be older than I am.
Why does everyone need to do that?
Why does everybody need to do that?
Why do you think Tom is right?
Why do you think that Tom is right?
When I got home, Tom was asleep in front of the TV.
When I got home, Tom was asleep in front of the television.
When did you visit Boston last?
When did you last visit Boston?
What is Tom's last name?
What sort of person is Tom?
What else do you plan on doing?
What do you plan to do next?
What do you plan on doing next?
What did you go to Boston for?
What are you two planning to do?
What are you two planning on doing?
What are you planning to do next?
What are you planning on doing next?
What are you going to Boston for?
What are you doing Monday?
What are you doing on Monday?
We're likely going to have a hard time doing that.
We're likely going to have a difficult time doing that.
We'll be late if we don't hurry.
We work every day but Monday.
We work every day except Monday.
We don't have much time to get this done.
We don't have a lot of time to get this done.
We don't have much time to finish doing this.
We don't have a lot of time to finish doing this.
We don't have a lot of time to do that.
We're going to the beach.
Toss Tom the ball.
Toss me the ball.
Tomorrow I'm going to Boston.
Tom's wife is just as crazy as Tom is.
Tom's wife is almost as short as he is.
Tom's wife is almost as short as Tom is.
Tom's speech wasn't as long as Mary's.
Tom's speech wasn't as long as Mary's speech.
Tom's speech wasn't as long as Mary's speech was.
Tom's speech wasn't as interesting as Mary's.
Tom's speech wasn't as interesting as Mary's speech.
Tom's speech wasn't as interesting as Mary's speech was.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as Mary's.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as Mary's speech.
Tom's speech wasn't as boring as Mary's speech was.
Tom's resignation surprised everyone.
Tom's resignation surprised everybody.
Tom's parents wish Tom would study harder.
Tom's parents wish he'd study harder.
Tom's parents were asleep when Tom got home.
Tom's parents told him that he shouldn't do that.
Tom's parents told Tom that he shouldn't do that.
Tom's parents told him not do that.
Tom's parents told Tom not do that.
Tom's parents thought that Tom was too young to live by himself.
Tom's parents never visited Tom when he was in the hospital.
Tom's parents let Tom stay out late at night.
Tom's parents let Tom do whatever he wants.
Tom's parents got divorced when Tom was very young.
Tom's parents got divorced when Tom was thirteen.
Tom's parents found Tom unconscious in his room.
Tom's parents found him unconscious in his room.
Tom's parents don't allow Tom to go out at night.
Tom's parents don't let Tom go out at night.
Tom's parents died when Tom was three.
Tom's parents allow Tom to do what he wants.
Tom's mother used to wash his clothes for him, but she doesn't anymore.
Tom's mother used to wash Tom's clothes for him, but she doesn't anymore.
Tom's mother told Tom to eat his vegetables.
Tom's mother told Tom he could do anything he wanted to do.
Tom's mother got angry at him for jumping on his bed.
Tom's mother got angry at Tom for jumping on his bed.
Tom's friends shouted for Tom to come out and play.
Tom's friends shouted for him to come out and play.
Tom's friends did their best to cheer Tom up.
Tom's father made Tom sell his motorcycle.
Tom's father is older than Mary's.
Tom's father is older than Mary's father.
Tom's father doesn't allow Tom to drive his car.
Tom's father doesn't let Tom drive his car.
Tom's father doesn't let him drive.
Tom's father beat him with a stick.
Tom's father beat Tom with a stick.
Tom's dog woke Tom up a little after midnight.
Tom's dog is still waiting for Tom just outside the front door.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to give up drinking.
Tom's doctor advised Tom to drink more milk.
Tom's classmates made fun of him.
Tom's classmates made fun of Tom.
Tom's birthday is October twentieth.
Tom yelled for help, but no one came.
Tom yelled for help, but nobody came.
Tom wrote Mary a song.
Tom wrote a poem for Mary.
Tom wrote Mary a poem.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to kiss him.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to hug him.
Tom wouldn't let Mary hug him.
Tom wouldn't allow Mary to help him.
Tom wouldn't let Mary help him.
Tom works every day except Monday.
Tom works every day but Monday.
Tom won't be able do that without someone's help.
Tom won't be able do that without somebody's help.
Tom weighs about 80 kilos.
Tom weighs about 80 kilograms.
Tom wasn't able to repair the broken radio.
Tom wasn't able to fix the broken radio.
Tom was on the same train I was.
Tom was on the same train that I was.
Tom was in Boston last week, but I doubt he's still there.
Tom was in Boston last week, but I doubt that he's still there.
Tom was asleep on the sofa.
Tom was asleep on the couch.
Tom was asleep on the living room sofa.
Tom was asleep on the living room couch.
Tom was afraid Mary would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid that Mary would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid everyone would laugh at him.
Tom was afraid everybody would laugh at him.
Tom wants to be a doctor, just like his dad.
Tom wants to be a doctor, just like his father.
Tom wants to be a carpenter, just like his dad.
Tom wants to be a carpenter, just like his father.
Tom visited not only Boston but also Chicago.
Tom visited not only Boston but Chicago, too.
Tom usually only teaches French, but this year he's also teaching English.
Tom usually only teaches French, but this year he's teaching English, too.
Tom understands French a lot better than everyone thinks he does.
Tom understands French a lot better than everybody thinks he does.
Tom tried to repair the broken radio.
Tom tried to fix the broken radio.
Tom tried on the hat, but it didn't fit.
Tom took his coat and gloves off.
Tom took his clothes off and put his pajamas on.
Tom took his clothes off and got into bed.
Tom took off his clothes and got into bed.
Tom took his clothes off and crawled into bed.
Tom took off his clothes and crawled into bed.
Tom told me you're very good at French.
Tom told me you're very good at baseball.
Tom told me you're unreliable.
Tom told me you're the person I should talk to.
Tom told me you're good at playing the trumpet.
Tom told me you're famous.
Tom told me you're a good singer.
Tom told me you're a French teacher.
Tom told me you're a compulsive gambler.
Tom told me you'd win.
Tom told me you'd done that.
Tom told me you'd do that.
Tom told me you'd be here today.
Tom told me you were with him yesterday afternoon.
Tom told me you were right.
Tom told me you told him that I wouldn't go to his party.
Tom told me you probably know where Mary lives.
Tom told me you like to eat spicy food.
Tom told me you like playing chess.
Tom told me you hate dancing.
Tom told me you didn't tell me everything.
Tom told me we're supposed to wait here.
Tom told me we're out of time.
Tom told me we were out of time.
Tom told me to be gone by the time he got here.
Tom told me this book is interesting.
Tom told me that this book is interesting.
Tom told me the trip was off.
Tom told me the trip had been canceled.
Tom told me the medicine he was taking didn't seem to help.
Tom told me the book was interesting.
Tom told me that Mary wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told me that Mary would never do that again.
Tom told me that he's just done that.
Tom told me that he's decided not to eat any more junk food.
Tom told me that he'd like to visit us in Boston.
Tom told me that he'd like to go to the zoo with us tomorrow.
Tom told me that he'd like to buy a new bicycle.
Tom told me that he'd do it tomorrow.
Tom told me that he'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me that he'd rather not go.
Tom told me something was wrong.
Tom told me my plan was reasonable.
Tom told me my hair was too long.
Tom told me Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told me that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told me Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom told me that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom told me Mary wouldn't be here.
Tom told me Mary would likely be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary would likely be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me Mary would likely be interested in doing that.
Tom told me that Mary would likely be interested in doing that.
Tom told me Mary would do that.
Tom told me that Mary would do that.
Tom told me Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me that Mary would be nervous.
Tom told me Mary wasn't very hungry.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't very hungry.
Tom told me Mary wasn't upset.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't upset.
Tom told me Mary wasn't tired.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't tired.
Tom told me Mary wasn't ticklish.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't ticklish.
Tom told me Mary wasn't thirsty.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't thirsty.
Tom told me Mary wasn't suspicious.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't suspicious.
Tom told me Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom told me Mary wasn't shy.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't shy.
Tom told me Mary wasn't scared.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't scared.
Tom told me Mary wasn't retired.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't retired.
Tom told me Mary wasn't reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't reluctant to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't ready.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't ready.
Tom told me Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't prepared to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't prepared to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't nervous.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't nervous.
Tom told me Mary wasn't motivated to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't motivated to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't lonely.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't lonely.
Tom told me Mary wasn't interested.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't interested.
Tom told me Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't interested in doing that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't his type.
Tom told me Mary wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't hesitant to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't doing that now.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't doing that now.
Tom told me Mary wasn't always late.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't always late.
Tom told me Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom told me Mary wasn't afraid to do that.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't afraid to do that.
Tom told me Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom told me Mary was very hungry.
Tom told me that Mary was very hungry.
Tom told me Mary was upset.
Tom told me that Mary was upset.
Tom told me Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me that Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me Mary was undependable.
Tom told me Mary was tired.
Tom told me that Mary was tired.
Tom told me Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me that Mary was ticklish.
Tom told me Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me that Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me Mary was the one who told him that.
Tom told me Mary was the one who stole my bicycle, but I don't believe him.
Tom told me Mary was the one who did that.
Tom told me Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me that Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me that Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me that Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me Mary was shy.
Tom told me that Mary was shy.
Tom told me Mary was scared.
Tom told me that Mary was scared.
Tom told me Mary was safe.
Tom told me Mary was retired.
Tom told me that Mary was retired.
Tom told me Mary was reluctant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was reluctant to do that.
Tom told me Mary was ready.
Tom told me that Mary was ready.
Tom told me Mary was ready to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was ready to do that.
Tom told me Mary was prepared to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was prepared to do that.
Tom told me Mary was on a diet.
Tom told me Mary was nervous.
Tom told me that Mary was nervous.
Tom told me Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was motivated to do that.
Tom told me Mary was lying.
Tom told me that Mary was lying.
Tom told me Mary was lonely.
Tom told me that Mary was lonely.
Tom told me Mary was interested.
Tom told me that Mary was interested.
Tom told me Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom told me Mary was his type.
Tom told me Mary was his student.
Tom told me Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me Mary was good at playing the piano, but I didn't really believe him until I heard her play.
Tom told me Mary was good at her job.
Tom told me Mary was doing that now.
Tom told me that Mary was doing that now.
Tom told me Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me Mary was broke.
Tom told me that Mary was broke.
Tom told me Mary was always late.
Tom told me that Mary was always late.
Tom told me Mary was afraid.
Tom told me that Mary was afraid.
Tom told me Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom told me that Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom told me Mary was able to speak three languages.
Tom told me that Mary was able to speak three languages.
Tom told me Mary said she was sick of doing that.
Tom told me Mary said she didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom told me Mary quit smoking.
Tom told me Mary is safe.
Tom told me Mary is ready to do that.
Tom told me that Mary is ready to do that.
Tom told me Mary is leaving tomorrow.
Tom told me that Mary is leaving tomorrow.
Tom told me Mary is awake.
Tom told me Mary has never done that.
Tom told me that Mary has never done that.
Tom told me Mary has never been to Boston.
Tom told me that Mary has never been to Boston.
Tom told me Mary has decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told me that Mary has decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told me Mary has decided to do that.
Tom told me that Mary has decided to do that.
Tom told me Mary has decided not to do that.
Tom told me Mary has been living in Boston for three years.
Tom told me that Mary has been living in Boston for three years.
Tom told me Mary has always done that that way.
Tom told me that Mary has always done that that way.
Tom told me Mary had done that.
Tom told me Mary had decided to do that.
Tom told me Mary had been injured in a traffic accident.
Tom told me Mary had already left.
Tom told me Mary had already eaten.
Tom told me Mary had a new boyfriend.
Tom told me Mary got married last month.
Tom told me Mary died on Monday.
Tom told me Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom told me that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom told me Mary could do that.
Tom told me that Mary could do that.
Tom told me it's impossible.
Tom told me it was possible to rent a bicycle.
Tom told me if it didn't rain tomorrow he'd go cycling with Mary.
Tom told me I'm the strongest person he's ever met.
Tom told me I'm slow.
Tom told me I'm safe.
Tom told me I'm right.
Tom told me I'm quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me I'm pushy.
Tom told me I'm overconfident.
Tom told me I'm last.
Tom told me I'm incompetent.
Tom told me I'm forgiven.
Tom told me I'm first.
Tom told me I'm faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me I'm faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me I'm excused from doing that.
Tom told me I'm difficult to get along with.
Tom told me I'm boring.
Tom told me I'm better at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me I'm better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me I'm annoying.
Tom told me I'm always too pessimistic.
Tom told me I wouldn't be able to get permission to do that.
Tom told me I wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom told me I wasn't going to be fired.
Tom told me I was unlikely to get permission to do that.
Tom told me I was thirty minutes late.
Tom told me I was overweight.
Tom told me I was mistaken.
Tom told me I was being too bossy.
Tom told me I was beautiful.
Tom told me I shouldn't trust you.
Tom told me I shouldn't go out at night alone.
Tom told me I shouldn't go out alone at night.
Tom told me I shouldn't ever do that.
Tom told me I shouldn't eat that.
Tom told me I shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told me that I shouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told me I shouldn't buy that.
Tom told me I shouldn't be doing this.
Tom told me I should've said yes.
Tom told me that I should study French.
Tom told me I should spend more time with my family.
Tom told me I should spend more time with my children.
Tom told me I should retire.
Tom told me I should resign.
Tom told me I should quit smoking.
Tom told me I should leave early.
Tom told me that I should leave early.
Tom told me I should learn how to play the drums.
Tom told me that I should learn how to play the drums.
Tom told me I should go to Boston with Mary.
Tom told me I should go there by myself.
Tom told me I should go back to Boston.
Tom told me I should get a little sleep.
Tom told me I should eat more slowly.
Tom told me I should eat at that restaurant.
Tom told me I should drop by sometime for a visit.
Tom told me I should do that soon.
Tom told me I should do that as soon as possible.
Tom told me I should do that again.
Tom told me that I should do that again.
Tom told me I should consult a doctor.
Tom told me that I should consult a doctor.
Tom told me I should consider retiring.
Tom told me I should consider resigning.
Tom told me I should come home soon.
Tom told me I should be more careful.
Tom told me I should be finished doing that by next Monday.
Tom told me I needed to go to today's meeting.
Tom told me I needed to do that.
Tom told me I needed to be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me I needed to be more aggressive.
Tom told me I needed to be at today's meeting.
Tom told me I needed to attend today's meeting.
Tom told me I need to go to today's meeting.
Tom told me I need to be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me I need to be at today's meeting.
Tom told me I need to attend today's meeting.
Tom told me I looked distracted.
Tom told me I looked disorganized.
Tom told me I had to do that.
Tom told me I had no choice but to do what he said I had to do.
Tom told me I don't spend enough time with my family.
Tom told me I didn't need to do that.
Tom told me I didn't have to be there tomorrow.
Tom told me I didn't have permission to do that.
Tom told me I could use his room.
Tom told me I could use his computer.
Tom told me I could use his car.
Tom told me I could sleep on his couch.
Tom told me I could keep the book if I wanted it.
Tom told me his father was a teacher.
Tom told me his father was a teacher, too.
Tom told me his father had passed away.
Tom told me his dog died.
Tom told me he's well.
Tom told me he's very hungry.
Tom told me he's upset.
Tom told me he's unimpressed.
Tom told me he's unenthusiastic about that.
Tom told me he's unemployed.
Tom told me he's unconvinced.
Tom told me he's uncertain what he should do.
Tom told me he's unbiased.
Tom told me he's unafraid.
Tom told me he's troubled by what happened.
Tom told me he's tired.
Tom told me he's ticklish.
Tom told me he's through doing that.
Tom told me he's thirsty.
Tom told me he's the next one to do that.
Tom told me he's terrified.
Tom told me he's tempted to do that.
Tom told me he's sympathetic.
Tom told me he's suspicious.
Tom told me he's starved.
Tom told me he's sleepy.
Tom told me he's skeptical.
Tom told me he's shy.
Tom told me he's seen that movie three times.
Tom told me he's scared.
Tom told me he's safe.
Tom told me he's retired.
Tom told me he's reluctant to do that.
Tom told me he's ready.
Tom told me he's quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me he's puzzled.
Tom told me he's prepared.
Tom told me he's prepared to do that.
Tom told me he's pleased.
Tom told me he's planning to take Mary out to dinner tonight.
Tom told me he's pessimistic.
Tom told me he's not certain what he should do.
Tom told me he's never coming back here.
Tom told me he's nervous.
Tom told me he's motivated to do that.
Tom told me he's miserable here in Boston without Mary.
Tom told me he's losing weight.
Tom told me he's lonely.
Tom told me he's last.
Tom told me he's just done that.
Tom told me he's jealous.
Tom told me he's irritated.
Tom told me he's intoxicated.
Tom told me he's interested.
Tom told me he's interested in doing that.
Tom told me he's immune to that disease.
Tom told me he's hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he's heartbroken.
Tom told me he's grateful for all our help.
Tom told me he's glad that that's going to happen.
Tom told me he's frightened.
Tom told me he's first.
Tom told me he's fine.
Tom told me he's faster at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me he's faster at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me he's exhausted.
Tom told me he's done.
Tom told me he's doing that now.
Tom told me he's discouraged.
Tom told me he's determined to do that.
Tom told me he's desperate to do that.
Tom told me he's depressed.
Tom told me he's decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told me he's decided to do that.
Tom told me he's decided not to eat any more junk food.
Tom told me he's decided not to do that.
Tom told me he's curious about why that happened.
Tom told me he's cold.
Tom told me he's broke.
Tom told me he's bored.
Tom told me he's better at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me he's better at doing that than Mary is.
Tom told me he's already read that book.
Tom told me he's alone.
Tom told me he's afraid.
Tom told me he's afraid to do that.
Tom told me he's able to speak three languages.
Tom told me he'll join us later.
Tom told me he'll do that the way Mary told him to.
Tom told me he'll be in Boston next Monday.
Tom told me he'll be home on Monday.
Tom told me he'll be here early today.
Tom told me he'll be finished doing that by dinner time.
Tom told me he'll be back soon.
Tom told me he'd won.
Tom told me he'd rather not go.
Tom told me he'd never let me down.
Tom told me he'd never had that problem before.
Tom told me that he'd never do that again.
Tom told me he'd lost his watch.
Tom told me he'd lost his textbook.
Tom told me that he'd lost his textbook.
Tom told me he'd like to visit us in Boston.
Tom told me he'd like to go to the zoo with us tomorrow.
Tom told me he'd like to buy a new bicycle.
Tom told me he'd like to become a doctor.
Tom told me he'd like to become a bus driver.
Tom told me he'd leave soon.
Tom told me that he'd leave soon.
Tom told me he'd go to Boston in October.
Tom told me that he'd go to Boston in October.
Tom told me he'd drive Mary to the airport.
Tom told me he'd done that.
Tom told me that he'd do that.
Tom told me he'd do it tomorrow.
Tom told me he'd decided to quit his job.
Tom told me he'd decided to do that.
Tom told me that he'd decided to do that.
Tom told me he'd cried.
Tom told me he'd come again.
Tom told me that he'd come again.
Tom told me he'd been forgiven.
Tom told me he'd been careless.
Tom told me that he'd been careless.
Tom told me he'd be willing to do that.
Tom told me he'd be supportive.
Tom told me he'd be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me he'd be in Boston next Monday.
Tom told me he'd be home on Monday.
Tom told me he'd be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told me he'd be finished doing that by dinner time.
Tom told me he'd be fair.
Tom told me he'd be discreet.
Tom told me he'd be cooperative.
Tom told me he'd be careful.
Tom told me he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom told me that he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom told me he'd be at tomorrow's meeting.
Tom told me he'd be alone.
Tom told me he'd be absent.
Tom told me he'd already eaten.
Tom told me he'd agreed to do that.
Tom told me that he'd agreed to do that.
Tom told me that he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told me that he wouldn't do that.
Tom told me he wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to help me wax the floors today.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to buy what he needed for three hundred dollars.
Tom told me he wouldn't be able to be at the meeting.
Tom told me he would never go back to Boston.
Tom told me he would like me to come over tomorrow afternoon.
Tom told me he would leave soon.
Tom told me he would help us.
Tom told me he would go to Boston in October.
Tom told me he would come again.
Tom told me he won't tell Mary what happened.
Tom told me he won't come to school tomorrow.
Tom told me he wasn't used to speaking in public.
Tom told me he wasn't scared of snakes.
Tom told me he wasn't feeling very good.
Tom told me he wasn't afraid of Mary.
Tom told me he wasn't afraid of ghosts.
Tom told me he was worried.
Tom told me that he was well.
Tom told me he was wealthy.
Tom told me he was very hungry when he got home.
Tom told me he was unmarried.
Tom told me he was uninsured.
Tom told me he was unfazed by that.
Tom told me he was undecided.
Tom told me he was uncomfortable.
Tom told me that he was unafraid.
Tom told me he was too tired to study.
Tom told me he was through.
Tom told me he was through doing that.
Tom told me he was thrilled.
Tom told me he was the one who needed to do that.
Tom told me he was the one who had to do that.
Tom told me he was the one who did that.
Tom told me he was the last one to do that.
Tom told me he was the first one to do that.
Tom told me he was terrified.
Tom told me he was tense.
Tom told me he was tempted to do that.
Tom told me that he was sympathetic.
Tom told me he was surprised.
Tom told me he was sure that was going to happen.
Tom told me he was stuffed.
Tom told me he was strong.
Tom told me he was strict.
Tom told me he was shy.
Tom told me he was short.
Tom told me he was serious.
Tom told me he was satisfied.
Tom told me he was safe.
Tom told me he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told me he was relieved.
Tom told me that he was ready to do that.
Tom told me he was quicker at doing that than Mary.
Tom told me he was psyched.
Tom told me he was proud of his children's accomplishments.
Tom told me he was proud of his children.
Tom told me he was present at today's meeting.
Tom told me that he was prepared to do that.
Tom told me he was positive.
Tom told me he was planning to study abroad.
Tom told me he was planning to quit his job.
Tom told me he was planning to leave his wife.
Tom told me he was planning on leaving his wife.
Tom told me he was overweight.
Tom told me he was offended.
Tom told me he was next.
Tom told me he was never coming back here.
Tom told me that he was never coming back here.
Tom told me he was motivated to do that.
Tom told me that he was motivated to do that.
Tom told me he was miserable.
Tom told me he was married.
Tom told me he was lucky.
Tom told me he was lost.
Tom told me he was lazy.
Tom told me he was interested in doing that.
Tom told me he was impressed.
Tom told me he was hot.
Tom told me he was homesick.
Tom told me he was homeless.
Tom told me he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he was grateful for all our help.
Tom told me that he was grateful for all our help.
Tom told me he was going to marry Mary.
Tom told me he was glad.
Tom told me he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told me he was full.
Tom told me he was free.
Tom told me he was forgetful.
Tom told me he was flexible.
Tom told me that he was fine.
Tom told me he was famished.
Tom told me he was early.
Tom told me he was doing that now.
Tom told me that he was doing that now.
Tom told me he was dizzy.
Tom told me he was divorced.
Tom told me he was disorganized.
Tom told me he was discontented.
Tom told me he was diabetic.
Tom told me he was determined to do that.
Tom told me he was desperate to do that.
Tom told me he was conservative.
Tom told me he was claustrophobic.
Tom told me he was certain.
Tom told me he was bilingual.
Tom told me he was amused by what was going on.
Tom told me he was ambidextrous.
Tom told me he was already married.
Tom told me he was agnostic.
Tom told me he was afraid to do that.
Tom told me that he was afraid to do that.
Tom told me he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told me that he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told me he wants to meet my parents.
Tom told me he wanted to study French.
Tom told me he wanted to stay single.
Tom told me he wanted to meet my parents.
Tom told me that he wanted to meet my parents.
Tom told me he wanted to go to Boston.
Tom told me he wanted to go to Australia.
Tom told me he wanted to go to Australia next year.
Tom told me he wanted to buy his mother a pair of slippers.
Tom told me he wanted to buy a necklace for Mary.
Tom told me he wanted me to buy a painting for him.
Tom told me he wanted a dog.
Tom told me he used to be very poor.
Tom told me he thought you could probably do that.
Tom told me he thought the dress that Mary was wearing was too short.
Tom told me he thought that what Mary had done was unethical.
Tom told me he thought that he might be able do that.
Tom told me he thought my speech was interesting.
Tom told me he thought Mary wouldn't eat dessert.
Tom told me he thought Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be worried.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be upset.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be terrified.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be suspicious.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be surprised.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be scared.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be reasonable.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be ready by the time we got there.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be quicker at doing that than John.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be punctual.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be present at today's meeting.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be mad.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be late.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be jealous.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be interested.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be impartial.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be home on Monday.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me that he thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be here later.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be furious.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be early.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be discreet.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be curious.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be cooperative.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be confused.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be careful.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be busy.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be back soon.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be at home.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be angry.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be alone.
Tom told me he thought Mary would be absent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was wrong.
Tom told me he thought Mary was worried.
Tom told me he thought Mary was wise.
Tom told me he thought Mary was wealthy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was upset.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unmarried.
Tom told me he thought Mary was uninsured.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unimpressed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unfriendly.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unfazed by that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unemployed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was undependable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unconvinced.
Tom told me he thought Mary was unconscious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was uncomfortable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ugly.
Tom told me he thought Mary was trustworthy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was tough.
Tom told me he thought Mary was tired.
Tom told me he thought Mary was through.
Tom told me he thought Mary was through doing that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was thrilled.
Tom told me he thought Mary was thirty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was thirsty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was terrified.
Tom told me he thought Mary was terrific.
Tom told me he thought Mary was tense.
Tom told me he thought Mary was talented.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sympathetic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was suspicious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was stupid.
Tom told me he thought Mary was stubborn.
Tom told me he thought Mary was strong.
Tom told me he thought Mary was strict.
Tom told me he thought Mary was strange.
Tom told me he thought Mary was stingy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sorry.
Tom told me he thought Mary was smarter than he was.
Tom told me he thought Mary was slow.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sleepy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was skinny.
Tom told me he thought Mary was skeptical.
Tom told me he thought Mary was single.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sincere.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sick.
Tom told me he thought Mary was shy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was short.
Tom told me he thought Mary was serious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was selfish.
Tom told me he thought Mary was scared.
Tom told me he thought Mary was satisfied.
Tom told me he thought Mary was safe.
Tom told me he thought Mary was sad.
Tom told me he thought Mary was right.
Tom told me he thought Mary was rich.
Tom told me he thought Mary was retired.
Tom told me he thought Mary was reliable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ready.
Tom told me he thought Mary was puzzled.
Tom told me he thought Mary was pretty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was prepared.
Tom told me he thought Mary was prejudiced.
Tom told me he thought Mary was poor.
Tom told me he thought Mary was pleased.
Tom told me he thought Mary was overweight.
Tom told me he thought Mary was outside.
Tom told me he thought Mary was optimistic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was OK.
Tom told me he thought Mary was obnoxious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was nuts.
Tom told me he thought Mary was nosy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was nice.
Tom told me he thought Mary was next.
Tom told me he thought Mary was nervous.
Tom told me he thought Mary was miserable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was mean.
Tom told me he thought Mary was married.
Tom told me he thought Mary was mad.
Tom told me he thought Mary was lucky.
Tom told me he thought Mary was lost.
Tom told me he thought Mary was lonely.
Tom told me he thought Mary was lazy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was jealous.
Tom told me he thought Mary was irritated.
Tom told me he thought Mary was interesting.
Tom told me he thought Mary was interested.
Tom told me he thought Mary was intelligent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was insincere.
Tom told me he thought Mary was insane.
Tom told me he thought Mary was innocent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was incompetent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was in Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary was impressed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was illiterate.
Tom told me he thought Mary was hungry.
Tom told me he thought Mary was hot.
Tom told me he thought Mary was honest.
Tom told me he thought Mary was homesick.
Tom told me he thought Mary was homeless.
Tom told me he thought Mary was hesitant to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was here.
Tom told me he thought Mary was healthy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was guilty.
Tom told me he thought Mary was good at cooking.
Tom told me he thought Mary was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told me he thought Mary was furious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was funny.
Tom told me he thought Mary was frustrated.
Tom told me he thought Mary was frightened.
Tom told me he thought Mary was fat.
Tom told me he thought Mary was exhausted.
Tom told me he thought Mary was excited.
Tom told me he thought Mary was engaged to John.
Tom told me he thought Mary was embarrassed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was drunk.
Tom told me he thought Mary was downstairs.
Tom told me he thought Mary was done.
Tom told me he thought Mary was divorced.
Tom told me he thought Mary was displeased.
Tom told me he thought Mary was disorganized.
Tom told me he thought Mary was dishonest.
Tom told me he thought Mary was discouraged.
Tom told me he thought Mary was disappointed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom told me he thought Mary was diabetic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was determined to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was desperate.
Tom told me he thought Mary was desperate to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary was depressed.
Tom told me he thought Mary was dependable.
Tom told me he thought Mary was deaf.
Tom told me he thought Mary was cute.
Tom told me he thought Mary was creative.
Tom told me he thought Mary was crazy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was courteous.
Tom told me he thought Mary was correct.
Tom told me he thought Mary was cool.
Tom told me he thought Mary was conservative.
Tom told me he thought Mary was conscientious.
Tom told me he thought Mary was confused.
Tom told me he thought Mary was conceited.
Tom told me he thought Mary was competent.
Tom told me he thought Mary was cold.
Tom told me he thought Mary was clever.
Tom told me he thought Mary was claustrophobic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was charming.
Tom told me he thought Mary was certain.
Tom told me he thought Mary was busy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was broke.
Tom told me he thought Mary was bossy.
Tom told me he thought Mary was boring.
Tom told me he thought Mary was bored.
Tom told me he thought Mary was blind.
Tom told me he thought Mary was bilingual.
Tom told me he thought Mary was biased.
Tom told me he thought Mary was being truthful.
Tom told me he thought Mary was being sarcastic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was beautiful.
Tom told me he thought Mary was back from Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary was awake.
Tom told me he thought Mary was autistic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was attractive.
Tom told me he thought Mary was asleep.
Tom told me he thought Mary was angry.
Tom told me he thought Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom told me he thought Mary was ambidextrous.
Tom told me he thought Mary was alone.
Tom told me he thought Mary was agnostic.
Tom told me he thought Mary was afraid.
Tom told me he thought Mary was adopted.
Tom told me he thought Mary was a talented songwriter.
Tom told me he thought Mary was a good cook.
Tom told me he thought Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom told me he thought Mary looked pale.
Tom told me he thought Mary knew French.
Tom told me he thought Mary had studied French with John.
Tom told me he thought Mary had left.
Tom told me he thought Mary had done that.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been unfair.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been rude.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been irresponsible.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been impressed.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been impolite.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been hurt.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been disrespectful.
Tom told me he thought Mary had been careless.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't want to go to Boston.
Tom told me he thought Mary didn't know how to speak French.
Tom told me he thought Mary could swim.
Tom told me he thought Mary could speak French.
Tom told me he thought Mary could probably do that.
Tom told me he thought it would snow all day.
Tom told me that he thought it would snow all day.
Tom told me he thought it would rain all day.
Tom told me he thought I should lose some weight.
Tom told me he thought I should go on a diet.
Tom told me he thought I might be interested in doing that.
Tom told me he thought I looked drunk.
Tom told me he thought his house was haunted.
Tom told me he thought he'd win tomorrow.
Tom told me he thought he was losing his sight.
Tom told me he thought he might be able to do that.
Tom told me he thought he had the flu.
Tom told me he thought Boston wasn't as safe as it used to be.
Tom told me he thought Boston was a safe city.
Tom told me he thinks Mary is much prettier than Alice.
Tom told me he thinks Mary is cute.
Tom told me he thinks he's going to die soon.
Tom told me he thinks he'll win tomorrow.
Tom told me he thinks he'll do that tomorrow.
Tom told me he still had a lot to do.
Tom told me he saw that movie.
Tom told me he saw someone kissing Mary.
Tom told me he saw somebody kissing Mary.
Tom told me he often drinks root beer, but he'd not only never drunk spruce beer, he'd never even heard of it.
Tom told me he often dreams in French.
Tom told me he never uses shampoo.
Tom told me he never thought he'd be able to walk again.
Tom told me he needed space.
Tom told me he loved me and I told him I loved him, too.
Tom told me that he loved me and I told him that I loved him, too.
Tom told me he likes you a lot.
Tom told me he likes to swim.
Tom told me he likes swimming.
Tom told me he likes Mary a lot.
Tom told me he liked working with Mary.
Tom told me he liked working in Boston.
Tom told me he just saw Mary.
Tom told me that he just saw Mary.
Tom told me he intended to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom told me he intended to ask Mary to the dance.
Tom told me he hated Christmas.
Tom told me he has quit taking his medication.
Tom told me that he has quit taking his medication.
Tom told me he has no intention of marrying you.
Tom told me he has decided not to do that.
Tom told me he hadn't seen Mary all day.
Tom told me he hadn't done that yet.
Tom told me he had decided to do that.
Tom told me he had been suspended.
Tom told me he had been sick.
Tom told me he had been careless.
Tom told me he had bacon and eggs for breakfast.
Tom told me he had a problem.
Tom told me he had a dream about Mary last night.
Tom told me he grew up in Boston.
Tom told me he got his xylophone for free.
Tom told me he got here early today.
Tom told me he found this in a cave.
Tom told me he forgot where he hid the key.
Tom told me he forgot all about the meeting.
Tom told me he finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom told me he enjoys hanging out with Mary.
Tom told me he enjoyed the drive.
Tom told me he drinks at least three cups of coffee a day.
Tom told me he doesn't want to do that again.
Tom told me he doesn't want that.
Tom told me he doesn't use Facebook anymore.
Tom told me he doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom told me he doesn't think Mary did that.
Tom told me he doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
Tom told me he doesn't really care what happens.
Tom told me he doesn't like to study in the morning.
Tom told me he doesn't like Mary.
Tom told me he doesn't like carbonated drinks.
Tom told me he doesn't know what to do.
Tom told me he doesn't know what that is.
Tom told me he doesn't know what he should do.
Tom told me he doesn't know what he needs to do.
Tom told me he doesn't know what he has to do.
Tom told me he doesn't have those kinds of problems anymore.
Tom told me he doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
Tom told me he doesn't have a problem with that.
Tom told me he does thirty push-ups every morning.
Tom told me he does that every Monday.
Tom told me he didn't want to go with us.
Tom told me he didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he didn't want to do that anymore.
Tom told me he didn't want to do that again.
Tom told me that he didn't want to do that again.
Tom told me he didn't want to come home empty-handed.
Tom told me he didn't want me to do that anymore.
Tom told me that he didn't want me to do that anymore.
Tom told me he didn't want me to do that again.
Tom told me that he didn't want me to do that again.
Tom told me he didn't see anyone come in.
Tom told me he didn't love Mary anymore.
Tom told me he didn't expect that to happen.
Tom told me he couldn't blame me for breaking my promise.
Tom told me he could see no reason why he shouldn't accept Mary's offer.
Tom told me he could live off his savings for a while if he lost his job.
Tom told me he could hear something, but he wasn't sure what it was.
Tom told me he could get us what we wanted.
Tom told me he could get us what we needed.
Tom told me that he could get us what we needed.
Tom told me he could get us what we need.
Tom told me that he could do that.
Tom told me he could come on any day but Tuesday.
Tom told me he could come on any day but Monday.
Tom told me that he could come on any day but Monday.
Tom told me he could afford another divorce.
Tom told me he can't speak French.
Tom told me he can't eat peanuts.
Tom told me he can't do that.
Tom told me he can see ghosts.
Tom told me he and Mary were still married.
Tom told me he and Mary were planning on going to the beach this coming weekend.
Tom told me he and Mary were going to get married.
Tom told me he and Mary spent their summer vacation at the beach.
Tom told me French isn't very difficult.
Tom told me everything was ready.
Tom told me Boston was his favorite city.
Tom told Mary that he could come on any day other than Monday.
Tom told Mary that he could come on any day except Monday.
Tom told Mary that he could come on any day but Monday.
Tom told Mary I'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary that I'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary I wouldn't do that.
Tom told Mary that I wouldn't do that.
Tom told Mary I was very hungry.
Tom told Mary that I was very hungry.
Tom told Mary I was upset.
Tom told Mary that I was upset.
Tom told Mary I was unemployed.
Tom told Mary that I was unemployed.
Tom told Mary I was tired.
Tom told Mary that I was tired.
Tom told Mary I was ticklish.
Tom told Mary that I was ticklish.
Tom told Mary I was thirsty.
Tom told Mary that I was thirsty.
Tom told Mary I was suspicious.
Tom told Mary that I was suspicious.
Tom told Mary I was sleepy.
Tom told Mary that I was sleepy.
Tom told Mary I was skeptical.
Tom told Mary that I was skeptical.
Tom told Mary I was shy.
Tom told Mary that I was shy.
Tom told Mary I was scared.
Tom told Mary that I was scared.
Tom told Mary I was retired.
Tom told Mary that I was retired.
Tom told Mary I was reluctant to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was reluctant to do that.
Tom told Mary I was ready.
Tom told Mary that I was ready.
Tom told Mary I was ready to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was ready to do that.
Tom told Mary I was prepared to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was prepared to do that.
Tom told Mary I was nervous.
Tom told Mary that I was nervous.
Tom told Mary I was motivated to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was motivated to do that.
Tom told Mary I was lonely.
Tom told Mary that I was lonely.
Tom told Mary I was interested.
Tom told Mary that I was interested.
Tom told Mary I was interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary that I was interested in doing that.
Tom told Mary I was glad that that had happened.
Tom told Mary that I was glad that that had happened.
Tom told Mary I was determined to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was determined to do that.
Tom told Mary I was desperate to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was desperate to do that.
Tom told Mary I was broke.
Tom told Mary that I was broke.
Tom told Mary I was always late.
Tom told Mary that I was always late.
Tom told Mary I was afraid.
Tom told Mary that I was afraid.
Tom told Mary I was afraid to do that.
Tom told Mary that I was afraid to do that.
Tom told Mary I was able to speak three languages.
Tom told Mary that I was able to speak three languages.
Tom told Mary I could do that.
Tom told Mary that I could do that.
Tom told Mary he's seen that movie three times.
Tom told Mary that he's seen that movie three times.
Tom told Mary he's decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told Mary that he's decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told Mary he's decided not to do that.
Tom told Mary that he's decided not to do that.
Tom told Mary he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told Mary that he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told Mary he'd quit taking his medication.
Tom told Mary that he'd quit taking his medication.
Tom told Mary he'd never do that again.
Tom told Mary that he'd never do that again.
Tom told Mary he'd never be coming back here.
Tom told Mary that he'd never be coming back here.
Tom told Mary he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told Mary that he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told Mary he'd decided to do that.
Tom told Mary that he'd decided to do that.
Tom told Mary he'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary that he'd be doing that.
Tom told Mary he'd be doing that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he'd be doing that tomorrow.
Tom told Mary he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom told Mary that he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom told Mary he'd agreed to do that.
Tom told Mary that he'd agreed to do that.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom told Mary he was well.
Tom told Mary that he was well.
Tom told Mary he was unconvinced.
Tom told Mary that he was unconvinced.
Tom told Mary he was shy.
Tom told Mary that he was shy.
Tom told Mary he was never coming back here.
Tom told Mary that he was never coming back here.
Tom told Mary he was motivated to do that.
Tom told Mary that he was motivated to do that.
Tom told Mary he was grateful for all our help.
Tom told Mary that he was grateful for all our help.
Tom told Mary he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary that he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told Mary he was glad that that had happened.
Tom told Mary that he was glad that that had happened.
Tom told Mary he was done.
Tom told Mary that he was done.
Tom told Mary he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told Mary that he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told Mary he loved her and then hung up the phone.
Tom told Mary that he loved her and then hung up the phone.
Tom told Mary he just saw John.
Tom told Mary that he just saw John.
Tom told Mary that he could do that.
Tom told everyone to remain calm.
Tom told everybody to remain calm.
Tom told everyone to calm down.
Tom told everybody to calm down.
Tom told everyone to be quiet.
Tom told everybody to be quiet.
Tom told everyone that he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told everybody that he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told everybody he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told everyone that he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told everybody that he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told everybody he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told everyone that he'd decided to do that.
Tom told everybody that he'd decided to do that.
Tom told everybody he'd decided to do that.
Tom told everyone that he'd decided not to do that.
Tom told everybody that he'd decided not to do that.
Tom told everybody he'd decided not to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was well.
Tom told everybody that he was well.
Tom told everybody he was well.
Tom told everyone that he was very hungry.
Tom told everybody that he was very hungry.
Tom told everybody he was very hungry.
Tom told everyone that he was upset.
Tom told everybody that he was upset.
Tom told everybody he was upset.
Tom told everyone that he was unemployed.
Tom told everybody that he was unemployed.
Tom told everybody he was unemployed.
Tom told everyone that he was unconvinced.
Tom told everybody that he was unconvinced.
Tom told everybody he was unconvinced.
Tom told everyone that he was unafraid.
Tom told everybody that he was unafraid.
Tom told everybody he was unafraid.
Tom told everyone that he was tired.
Tom told everybody that he was tired.
Tom told everybody he was tired.
Tom told everyone that he was ticklish.
Tom told everybody that he was ticklish.
Tom told everybody he was ticklish.
Tom told everyone that he was through doing that.
Tom told everybody that he was through doing that.
Tom told everybody he was through doing that.
Tom told everyone that he was thirsty.
Tom told everybody that he was thirsty.
Tom told everybody he was thirsty.
Tom told everyone that he was tempted to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was tempted to do that.
Tom told everybody he was tempted to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was sympathetic.
Tom told everybody that he was sympathetic.
Tom told everybody he was sympathetic.
Tom told everyone that he was suspicious.
Tom told everybody that he was suspicious.
Tom told everybody he was suspicious.
Tom told everyone that he was starved.
Tom told everybody that he was starved.
Tom told everybody he was starved.
Tom told everyone that he was sleepy.
Tom told everybody that he was sleepy.
Tom told everybody he was sleepy.
Tom told everyone that he was skeptical.
Tom told everybody that he was skeptical.
Tom told everybody he was skeptical.
Tom told everyone that he was scared.
Tom told everybody that he was scared.
Tom told everybody he was scared.
Tom told everyone that he was safe.
Tom told everybody that he was safe.
Tom told everybody he was safe.
Tom told everyone that he was retired.
Tom told everybody that he was retired.
Tom told everybody he was retired.
Tom told everyone that he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told everybody he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was ready.
Tom told everybody that he was ready.
Tom told everybody he was ready.
Tom told everyone that he was ready to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was ready to do that.
Tom told everybody he was ready to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was prepared.
Tom told everybody that he was prepared.
Tom told everybody he was prepared.
Tom told everyone that he was prepared to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was prepared to do that.
Tom told everybody he was prepared to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was pleased.
Tom told everybody that he was pleased.
Tom told everybody he was pleased.
Tom told everyone that he was never coming back here.
Tom told everybody that he was never coming back here.
Tom told everybody he was never coming back here.
Tom told everyone that he was nervous.
Tom told everybody that he was nervous.
Tom told everybody he was nervous.
Tom told everyone that he was motivated to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was motivated to do that.
Tom told everybody he was motivated to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was lonely.
Tom told everybody that he was lonely.
Tom told everybody he was lonely.
Tom told everyone that he was jealous.
Tom told everybody that he was jealous.
Tom told everybody he was jealous.
Tom told everyone that he was interested.
Tom told everybody that he was interested.
Tom told everybody he was interested.
Tom told everyone that he was interested in doing that.
Tom told everybody that he was interested in doing that.
Tom told everybody he was interested in doing that.
Tom told everyone that he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told everybody he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was grateful for their help.
Tom told everybody that he was grateful for their help.
Tom told everybody he was grateful for their help.
Tom told everyone that he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told everybody that he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told everybody he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told everyone that he was fine.
Tom told everybody that he was fine.
Tom told everybody he was fine.
Tom told everyone that he was exhausted.
Tom told everybody that he was exhausted.
Tom told everybody he was exhausted.
Tom told everyone that he was done.
Tom told everybody that he was done.
Tom told everybody he was done.
Tom told everyone that he was discouraged.
Tom told everybody that he was discouraged.
Tom told everybody he was discouraged.
Tom told everyone that he was determined to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was determined to do that.
Tom told everybody he was determined to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was desperate to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was desperate to do that.
Tom told everybody he was desperate to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was depressed.
Tom told everybody that he was depressed.
Tom told everybody he was depressed.
Tom told everyone that he was cold.
Tom told everybody that he was cold.
Tom told everybody he was cold.
Tom told everyone that he was broke.
Tom told everybody that he was broke.
Tom told everybody he was broke.
Tom told everyone that he was bored.
Tom told everybody that he was bored.
Tom told everybody he was bored.
Tom told everyone that he was afraid.
Tom told everybody that he was afraid.
Tom told everybody he was afraid.
Tom told everyone that he was afraid to do that.
Tom told everybody that he was afraid to do that.
Tom told everybody he was afraid to do that.
Tom told everyone that he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told everybody that he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told everybody he was able to speak three languages.
Tom told everyone he'd seen that movie three times.
Tom told everyone he'd decided to stay for a few more days.
Tom told everyone he'd decided to do that.
Tom told everyone he'd decided not to do that.
Tom told everyone he was well.
Tom told everyone he was very hungry.
Tom told everyone he was upset.
Tom told everyone he was unemployed.
Tom told everyone he was unconvinced.
Tom told everyone he was unafraid.
Tom told everyone he was tired.
Tom told everyone he was ticklish.
Tom told everyone he was through doing that.
Tom told everyone he was thirsty.
Tom told everyone he was tempted to do that.
Tom told everyone he was sympathetic.
Tom told everyone he was suspicious.
Tom told everyone he was starved.
Tom told everyone he was sleepy.
Tom told everyone he was skeptical.
Tom told everyone he was scared.
Tom told everyone he was safe.
Tom told everyone he was retired.
Tom told everyone he was reluctant to do that.
Tom told everyone he was ready.
Tom told everyone he was ready to do that.
Tom told everyone he was prepared.
Tom told everyone he was prepared to do that.
Tom told everyone he was pleased.
Tom told everyone he was never coming back here.
Tom told everyone he was nervous.
Tom told everyone he was motivated to do that.
Tom told everyone he was lonely.
Tom told everyone he was jealous.
Tom told everyone he was interested.
Tom told everyone he was interested in doing that.
Tom told everyone he was hesitant to do that.
Tom told everyone he was grateful for their help.
Tom told everyone he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom told everyone he was fine.
Tom told everyone he was exhausted.
Tom told everyone he was done.
Tom told everyone he was discouraged.
Tom told everyone he was determined to do that.
Tom told everyone he was desperate to do that.
Tom told everyone he was depressed.
Tom told everyone he was cold.
Tom told everyone he was broke.
Tom told everyone he was bored.
Tom told everyone he was afraid.
Tom told everyone he was afraid to do that.
Tom told everyone he was able to speak three languages.
Tom thought that Mary was having a good time.
Tom thought it was Mary at the door, but it was someone else.
Tom thought it was Mary at the door, but it was somebody else.
Tom thinks women always tell their best friends everything.
Tom thinks we won't be able to win.
Tom thinks we won't be able to do that.
Tom thinks we can't win.
Tom thinks we can't do that.
Tom thinks we can win.
Tom thinks we can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks we can swim.
Tom thinks we can do that.
Tom thinks wasting food is a sin.
Tom thinks volleyball is more fun than basketball.
Tom thinks the sun revolves around the earth.
Tom thinks that if he'd tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everyone else.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than everybody else.
Tom thinks sports are a waste of time.
Tom thinks school is a waste of time.
Tom thinks nothing bad can happen to him.
Tom thinks Mary's work is easy.
Tom thinks Mary won't say yes.
Tom thinks Mary won't be able to pay all her bills this month.
Tom thinks Mary will leave.
Tom thinks Mary will eat what he makes for her.
Tom thinks Mary wears too much makeup.
Tom thinks Mary might win.
Tom thinks Mary might leave him.
Tom thinks Mary might do that.
Tom thinks Mary may win.
Tom thinks Mary may do that.
Tom thinks Mary isn't the one who should do that.
Tom thinks Mary isn't the one who did that.
Tom thinks Mary is the one who did that.
Tom thinks Mary is stronger than me.
Tom thinks Mary is stronger than I am.
Tom thinks Mary is related to me.
Tom thinks that Mary is related to me.
Tom thinks Mary is pretty good at French.
Tom thinks that Mary is pretty good at French.
Tom thinks Mary is in love.
Tom thinks that Mary is in love.
Tom thinks Mary is happy.
Tom thinks that Mary is happy.
Tom thinks Mary is good-looking.
Tom thinks that Mary is good-looking.
Tom thinks Mary is good at French.
Tom thinks that Mary is good at French.
Tom thinks Mary is good at everything.
Tom thinks that Mary is good at everything.
Tom thinks Mary is going to win the race.
Tom thinks that Mary is going to win the race.
Tom thinks Mary is going to lose the race.
Tom thinks that Mary is going to lose the race.
Tom thinks Mary is getting ripped off.
Tom thinks that Mary is getting ripped off.
Tom thinks Mary is funny.
Tom thinks that Mary is funny.
Tom thinks Mary is better at French than she really is.
Tom thinks that Mary is better at French than she really is.
Tom thinks Mary is being unnecessarily cautious.
Tom thinks Mary is afraid of snakes.
Tom thinks Mary is a good singer.
Tom thinks that Mary is a good singer.
Tom thinks Mary is a good driver.
Tom thinks that Mary is a good driver.
Tom thinks Mary is a good cook.
Tom thinks that Mary is a good cook.
Tom thinks Mary has a crush on him.
Tom thinks Mary drinks too much coffee.
Tom thinks Mary drinks like a fish.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know that John can speak French.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know that John can do that.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know John can speak French.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't know John can do that.
Tom thinks Mary and I can't take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks Mary and I can take care of ourselves.
Tom thinks it's going to rain.
Tom thinks if he'd tried a little harder, he could've won the race.
Tom thinks if he hadn't done that, Mary wouldn't be angry.
Tom thinks if he hadn't done that, Mary would still be alive.
Tom thinks if he had done that, Mary would've been upset.
Tom thinks if he had done that earlier, he could've avoided a lot of problems.
Tom thinks I need to sleep more.
Tom thinks I don't know what he said.
Tom thinks I don't know what he did.
Tom thinks I did that on purpose.
Tom thinks his life is boring.
Tom thinks he's the best swimmer here.
Tom thinks that he's the best swimmer here.
Tom thinks he's tallest person here.
Tom thinks that he's tallest person here.
Tom thinks he's smarter than me.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than me.
Tom thinks he's smarter than Mary.
Tom thinks that he's smarter than Mary.
Tom thinks he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks that he's just a friend.
Tom thinks he's Mary's boyfriend, but Mary thinks he's just a friend.
Tom thinks that he's going to die soon.
Tom thinks he's different from other people.
Tom thinks he's better than everyone else.
Tom thinks that he's better than everyone else.
Tom thinks he's always right.
Tom thinks he'll never see Mary again.
Tom thinks that he'll never see Mary again.
Tom thinks he has a buyer for his house.
Tom thinks that he has a buyer for his house.
Tom thinks he can probably help us tomorrow.
Tom thinks that he can probably help us tomorrow.
Tom thinks gambling is wrong.
Tom thinks everything will turn out OK.
Tom thinks doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that wouldn't be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a very good idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a very bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that might not be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that might not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that might be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that might be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that may not be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that may not be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that may be a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that may be a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that isn't a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that isn't a bad idea.
Tom thinks doing that is a good idea.
Tom thinks doing that is a bad idea.
Tom thinks all Asians look the same.
Tom sure was mad.
Tom sure was angry.
Tom spoke loudly enough for everyone to hear.
Tom spoke loudly enough for everybody to hear.
Tom sent a text message to Mary.
Tom says you've never done that.
Tom says that you've never done that.
Tom says you've never been arrested.
Tom says that you've never been arrested.
Tom says you're willing to help.
Tom says that you're willing to help.
Tom says you're willing to help us paint our garage.
Tom says that you're willing to help us paint our garage.
Tom says you're willing to do that for us.
Tom says that you're willing to do that for us.
Tom says you're very rich.
Tom says that you're very rich.
Tom says you're still hungry.
Tom says that you're still hungry.
Tom says you're lonely.
Tom says that you're lonely.
Tom says you're hungry.
Tom says that you're hungry.
Tom says you're healthy.
Tom says that you're healthy.
Tom says you're good at doing that.
Tom says that you're good at doing that.
Tom says you're good at cooking.
Tom says that you're good at cooking.
Tom says you're a good student.
Tom says that you're a good student.
Tom says you deserve a chance.
Tom says when he did that, Mary started crying.
Tom says we should do that today.
Tom says the two of us should travel together.
Tom says the two of us should sing together.
Tom says the two of us should do that together.
Tom says the three of you are his brothers.
Tom says the noise bothers him.
Tom says that he can't wait any longer.
Tom says someday he'll do that.
Tom says someday he'll be able to play the English horn as well as Mary.
Tom says someday he'll be able to play the English horn as well as Mary does.
Tom says someday he'll be able to do that.
Tom says my parents won't likely allow me to do that until I'm eighteen years old.
Tom says more research needs to be done.
Tom says Mary would like to do that.
Tom says Mary won't win.
Tom says Mary won't do that.
Tom says Mary won.
Tom says Mary will eat lunch with John and Alice.
Tom says Mary will do that today.
Tom says Mary wants to eat at that new restaurant on Park Street.
Tom says Mary thinks she can win.
Tom says that Mary thinks she can win.
Tom says Mary speaks French.
Tom says Mary lies a lot.
Tom says Mary knows what she's doing.
Tom says that Mary knows what she's doing.
Tom says Mary knows what he's doing.
Tom says that Mary knows what he's doing.
Tom says Mary isn't very good at doing that.
Tom says Mary isn't very good at cooking.
Tom says Mary isn't sure she's ready.
Tom says that Mary isn't sure she's ready.
Tom says Mary isn't happy here.
Tom says Mary isn't good at doing that.
Tom says Mary is willing to help.
Tom says that Mary is willing to help.
Tom says Mary is willing to help us do that.
Tom says that Mary is willing to help us do that.
Tom says Mary is willing to do that for us.
Tom says that Mary is willing to do that for us.
Tom says Mary is very rich.
Tom says that Mary is very rich.
Tom says Mary is very busy.
Tom says that Mary is very busy.
Tom says that Mary is tired.
Tom says Mary is still hungry.
Tom says that Mary is still hungry.
Tom says Mary is lonely.
Tom says that Mary is lonely.
Tom says Mary is innocent.
Tom says that Mary is hungry.
Tom says Mary is healthy.
Tom says that Mary is healthy.
Tom says that Mary is happy.
Tom says Mary is good at doing that.
Tom says Mary is good at cooking.
Tom says that Mary is busy.
Tom says Mary is a good student.
Tom says that Mary is a good student.
Tom says Mary intends to do that.
Tom says Mary has never done that.
Tom says that Mary has never done that.
Tom says Mary has never been arrested.
Tom says that Mary has never been arrested.
Tom says Mary has just eaten.
Tom says that Mary has just eaten.
Tom says Mary does that.
Tom says Mary did that.
Tom says Mary definitely won't accept the job.
Tom says Mary cries all the time.
Tom says Mary can go, but that he can't.
Tom says Mary agreed to do that.
Tom says learning a foreign language is hard.
Tom says it'll never happen.
Tom says that it'll never happen.
Tom says I'm annoying.
Tom says I'm a grouch.
Tom says I don't spend enough time with my family.
Tom says I always talk about myself.
Tom says he's willing to make you one for free.
Tom says he's willing to help.
Tom says he's willing to help us paint our garage.
Tom says he's willing to do that for free.
Tom says he's willing to do it for free.
Tom says he's too tired to study.
Tom says he's too busy to help Mary today.
Tom says he's never tried eating dog food.
Tom says he's never lied to Mary.
Tom says he's never been in Mary's car.
Tom says that he's never been in Mary's car.
Tom says he's met you.
Tom says he's met you several times.
Tom says he's looking forward to seeing you.
Tom says that he's looking forward to seeing you.
Tom says he's lonely.
Tom says he's hoping you can do that.
Tom says that he's hoping you can do that.
Tom says he's hoping we can all go swimming tomorrow.
Tom says that he's hoping we can all go swimming tomorrow.
Tom says he's hoping Mary can do that.
Tom says that he's hoping Mary can do that.
Tom says he's healthy.
Tom says he's good at doing that.
Tom says he's going to read the report this afternoon.
Tom says he's already talked to you about that matter.
Tom says he's able to communicate with the dead.
Tom says he's a good student.
Tom says he'll teach French to my kids.
Tom says he'll study French with Mary this evening.
Tom says he'll pick Mary up at 2:30.
Tom says he'll never come back here.
Tom says he'll do that someday.
Tom says he'll come tomorrow, but I doubt that he'll actually show up.
Tom says he'll be at the meeting tomorrow.
Tom says he'll agree to do that.
Tom says he'd like to do that with you.
Tom says he'd like to do that this evening.
Tom says he'd like to come over this afternoon.
Tom says he'd be willing to do that for free.
Tom says he won't shake hands with Mary.
Tom says he won't be allowed to do that until he's eighteen years old.
Tom says he wasn't the one who broke the window.
Tom says he wasn't surprised at all.
Tom says he was in Boston that night.
Tom says he was here in Boston that night.
Tom says he wants to win.
Tom says he wants to settle down.
Tom says he wants to do that as well.
Tom says he wants to come with us.
Tom says he wants to buy a new computer.
Tom says that he wants to buy a new computer.
Tom says he wants to be buried here.
Tom says he wants me to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom says he usually makes three hundred dollars per hour.
Tom says he usually makes three hundred dollars an hour.
Tom says he usually always has at least three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says that he usually always has at least three hundred dollars on him.
Tom says he used to hang out with the Beatles.
Tom says he teaches French.
Tom says he studies French.
Tom says he plans to win.
Tom says he plans to take pictures.
Tom says he plans to stay in Boston as long as he can.
Tom says he plans to major in chemistry.
Tom says that he plans to major in chemistry.
Tom says he plans to major in biology.
Tom says that he plans to major in biology.
Tom says he plans on taking pictures.
Tom says he plans on staying in Boston as long as he can.
Tom says he only swears when it is absolutely necessary.
Tom says he only eats organic food.
Tom says he never refuses a reasonable request.
Tom says he never locks his door.
Tom says he never dreams.
Tom says he needs to do that, too.
Tom says he needs to do that as well.
Tom says he needs a better tennis racket.
Tom says he loves Mary.
Tom says he likes marigolds.
Tom says he knows what Mary is doing.
Tom says that he knows what Mary is doing.
Tom says he knows nothing about Mary.
Tom says he just wants to make Mary happy.
Tom says he intends to win.
Tom says he hates to study.
Tom says he hasn't yet had time to read the report.
Tom says he hasn't made up his mind yet.
Tom says he has to go to Boston tomorrow.
Tom says he has to go to Boston the day after tomorrow.
Tom says he has to go to Boston next week.
Tom says that he has to do that.
Tom says he has to do that, too.
Tom says he has to do that as well.
Tom says he has to attend a meeting this afternoon.
Tom says he has something important to tell you.
Tom says that he has something important to tell you.
Tom says he has no trouble understanding Mary's French.
Tom says he has a secret weapon.
Tom says he doesn't want to eat anything.
Tom says he doesn't remember having made such a promise.
Tom says he doesn't like children.
Tom says he doesn't know a lot about Mary.
Tom says that he doesn't know a lot about Mary.
Tom says he doesn't feel like jogging.
Tom says he doesn't feel like going out.
Tom says he doesn't feel like drinking beer tonight.
Tom says he doesn't feel like doing that because it's hot.
Tom says he doesn't blame us.
Tom says he does that several times a week.
Tom says he does that a lot.
Tom says he didn't study at all for the test.
Tom says he can't sing well.
Tom says he can't remember anything that happened on the day of the accident.
Tom says he can't help.
Tom says he can't eat any more.
Tom says he can't believe anything Mary says.
Tom says he can swim well.
Tom says he can see ghosts.
Tom says he can drink a whole bottle of whiskey without getting drunk.
Tom says he can be here by 2:30.
Tom says he believes everything I say.
Tom says he and Mary will spend Christmas Day together.
Tom says he and Mary have played chess together many times.
Tom says he and Mary didn't stay in Boston very long.
Tom says he and Mary are moving to Boston.
Tom says he always feels tense when Mary is in the room.
Tom says he always enjoys playing cards with Mary.
Tom says he also wants to do that.
Tom says he also needs to do that.
Tom says he also has to do that.
Tom says he agrees with Mary.
Tom says ghosts aren't real.
Tom says anyone can be hypnotized.
Tom said you'd just eaten.
Tom said that you'd just eaten.
Tom said you could have this if you wanted it.
Tom said that you could have this if you wanted it.
Tom said that he's glad you're back.
Tom said that he's glad that you're back.
Tom said that he's glad that nobody was injured in the accident.
Tom said that he's glad that no one was injured in the accident.
Tom said that he's glad nobody was injured in the accident.
Tom said that he's glad no one was injured in the accident.
Tom said that he's glad he was able to help you.
Tom said that he's glad that he was able to help you.
Tom said that he's glad he was able to help you do that.
Tom said that he's glad that he was able to help you do that.
Tom said that he's glad he was able to do that.
Tom said that he's glad that he was able to do that.
Tom said that he'd assumed Mary would win.
Tom said that he'd assumed that Mary would win.
Tom said that he'd assumed Mary would do that.
Tom said that he'd assumed that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he'd also help me do that.
Tom said that he'd help me do that, too.
Tom said that he'd also help Mary.
Tom said that he'd help Mary, too.
Tom said that he'd also help Mary do that.
Tom said that he'd help Mary do that, too.
Tom said that he'd also do that.
Tom said that he'd do that, too.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he wished you wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he wished that you wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he wished you would do that.
Tom said that he wished that you would do that.
Tom said that he wished you would do that for Mary.
Tom said that he wished that you would do that for Mary.
Tom said that he wished you would do that for him.
Tom said that he wished that you would do that for him.
Tom said that he wished you knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished that you knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished you could do that.
Tom said that he wished that you could do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he wished Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he wished that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he wished Mary would win.
Tom said that he wished that Mary would win.
Tom said that he wished Mary would eat healthier food.
Tom said that he wished that Mary would eat healthier food.
Tom said that he wished Mary would do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary hadn't convinced him to do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary hadn't convinced him to do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary could do that.
Tom said that he wished that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he wished Mary and I'd behave ourselves.
Tom said that he wished that Mary and I'd behave ourselves.
Tom said that he wished Mary and I wouldn't go out after dark by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished that Mary and I wouldn't go out after dark by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished Mary and I wouldn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished that Mary and I wouldn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished I was more like Mary.
Tom said that he wished that I was more like Mary.
Tom said that he wished he'd spent more money on the gift he'd given Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he'd spent more money on the gift he'd given Mary.
Tom said that he wished he'd spent more money on the gift he bought for Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he'd spent more money on the gift he bought for Mary.
Tom said that he wished he'd kissed Mary goodnight.
Tom said that he wished that he'd kissed Mary goodnight.
Tom said that he wished he'd kissed Mary goodbye.
Tom said that he wished that he'd kissed Mary goodbye.
Tom said that he wished he'd given Mary flowers.
Tom said that he wished that he'd given Mary flowers.
Tom said that he wished he'd given flowers Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he'd given flowers Mary.
Tom said that he wished he'd eaten more.
Tom said that he wished that he'd eaten more.
Tom said that he wished he'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom said that he wished that he'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom said that he wished he were rich.
Tom said that he wished that he were rich.
Tom said that he wished he were here with us.
Tom said that he wished that he were here with us.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't yelled at Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't yelled at Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried doing that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried doing that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't tried doing that by himself.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't tried doing that by himself.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary to tell John to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary to tell John to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that he'd do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that he was going to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he was going to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary that he forgot to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he forgot to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't told Mary about what he did.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't told Mary about what he did.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't spent so much money.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't spent so much money.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't spent so much money on the gift he'd bought for Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't spent so much money on the gift he'd bought for Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't spanked his son so hard.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't spanked his son so hard.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't seen Mary doing that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't seen Mary doing that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't played chess with Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't played chess with Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't permitted Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't permitted Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't parked his car in front of Mary's house.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't parked his car in front of Mary's house.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't let Mary kiss him.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't let Mary kiss him.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't let Mary drive.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't let Mary drive.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't let Mary do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't let Mary do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't left the windows open.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't left the windows open.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't left the door unlocked.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't left the door unlocked.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't left his windows unlocked.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't left his windows unlocked.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't kissed Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't kissed Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't hit Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't hit Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't had to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't had to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone to Mary's party.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't gone to Mary's party.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't gone to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone there.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't gone there.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't gone there with Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't gone there with Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given Mary his phone number.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given Mary his phone number.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given Mary flowers.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given Mary flowers.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given Mary any money.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given Mary any money.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given his phone number to Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given his phone number to Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given flowers to Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given flowers to Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't given any money to Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't given any money to Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to kiss Mary goodbye.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to kiss Mary goodbye.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to do his homework.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to do his homework.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't eaten that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't eaten that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't eaten so much.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't eaten so much.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't drunk that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't drunk that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't drunk so much.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't drunk so much.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't done that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't done that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't done that by himself.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't done that by himself.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't convinced Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't convinced Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't bet on that horse.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't bet on that horse.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't been there.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't been there.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't been late.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't been late.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't been late to Mary's party.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't been late to Mary's party.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't asked Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't asked Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't argued with Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't argued with Mary.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't allowed Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he hadn't allowed Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wished he could speak French better.
Tom said that he wished that he could speak French better.
Tom said that he wished he could play the banjo as well as Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he could play the banjo as well as Mary.
Tom said that he wished he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he wished that he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he wished he could do that.
Tom said that he wished that he could do that.
Tom said that he wished he could do that as well as Mary.
Tom said that he wished that he could do that as well as Mary.
Tom said that he was planning to stay at home all day.
Tom said that he was planning on staying at home all day.
Tom said that he was hoping you'd win.
Tom said that he was hoping that you'd win.
Tom said that he was hoping you would do that.
Tom said that he was hoping that you would do that.
Tom said that he was hoping you could do that.
Tom said that he was hoping that you could do that.
Tom said that he was hoping you could do that with Mary.
Tom said that he was hoping that you could do that with Mary.
Tom said that he was hoping you could do that with him.
Tom said that he was hoping that you could do that with him.
Tom said that he was hoping we'd do that.
Tom said that he was hoping that we'd do that.
Tom said that he was hoping we could travel together.
Tom said that he was hoping that we could travel together.
Tom said that he was hoping we could sing together.
Tom said that he was hoping that we could sing together.
Tom said that he was hoping we could eat together.
Tom said that he was hoping that we could eat together.
Tom said that he was hoping we could do that together.
Tom said that he was hoping that we could do that together.
Tom said that he was hoping he could help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was hoping that he could help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was hoping he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he was hoping that he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he was hoping he and Mary could travel together.
Tom said that he was hoping that he and Mary could travel together.
Tom said that he was hoping he and Mary could sing together.
Tom said that he was hoping that he and Mary could sing together.
Tom said that he was hoping he and Mary could eat together.
Tom said that he was hoping that he and Mary could eat together.
Tom said that he was hoping he and Mary could do that together.
Tom said that he was hoping that he and Mary could do that together.
Tom said that he was glad you did that for Mary.
Tom said that he was glad that you did that for Mary.
Tom said that he was glad you did that for him.
Tom said that he was glad that you did that for him.
Tom said that he wanted to know why you're not working here anymore.
Tom said that he wanted to know why you aren't working here anymore.
Tom said that he wanted to buy some flowers for Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to buy Mary some flowers.
Tom said that he wanted to buy Mary a fur coat.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a fur coat for Mary.
Tom said that he thought you wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought that you wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought you wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought that you wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought you would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that you would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought you would do that.
Tom said that he thought that you would do that.
Tom said that he thought you should do that.
Tom said that he thought that you should do that.
Tom said that he thought you said you didn't know how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that you said you didn't know how to do that.
Tom said that he thought you could take care of yourself.
Tom said that he thought that you could take care of yourself.
Tom said that he thought you could help us today.
Tom said that he thought that you could help us today.
Tom said that he thought you could do that.
Tom said that he thought that you could do that.
Tom said that he thought we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Tom said that he thought we could win.
Tom said that he thought that we could win.
Tom said that he thought we could do that.
Tom said that he thought that we could do that.
Tom said that he thought those shoes were too expensive.
Tom said that he thought that those shoes were too expensive.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary would want to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would want to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a good chance that Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he thought there was a chance that Mary would win.
Tom said that he thought that there was a chance that Mary would win.
Tom said that he thought there was a chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought that there was a chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought the statue weighed about 300 pounds.
Tom said that he thought that the statue weighed about 300 pounds.
Tom said that he thought the room was too small.
Tom said that he thought that the room was too small.
Tom said that he thought the room was too hot.
Tom said that he thought that the room was too hot.
Tom said that he thought the room was too cold.
Tom said that he thought that the room was too cold.
Tom said that he thought my jokes were funny.
Tom said that he thought that my jokes were funny.
Tom said that he thought Mary's suggestion was good.
Tom said that he thought that Mary's suggestion was good.
Tom said that he thought Mary's suggestion was a good one.
Tom said that he thought that Mary's suggestion was a good one.
Tom said that he thought Mary's suggestion was a good idea.
Tom said that he thought that Mary's suggestion was a good idea.
Tom said that he thought Mary's punishment was appropriate.
Tom said that he thought that Mary's punishment was appropriate.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be surprised.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be surprised.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be scared.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be scared.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would win.
Tom said that he thought Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would probably do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would probably do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would need to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would need at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would need at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Tom said that he thought Mary would need at least $300 to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would need at least $300 to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he thought Mary would likely win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would likely win.
Tom said that he thought Mary would likely not win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would likely not win.
Tom said that he thought Mary would likely not cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would likely not cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary would likely do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would likely do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would like to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would like to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would have to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would forget to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would forget to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought Mary would cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be worried.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be worried.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be willing to wait.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be willing to wait.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be too busy to help.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be too busy to help.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be tired.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be tired.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be suspicious.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be suspicious.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be surprised.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be surprised.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be sleepy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be sleepy.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be sleeping when he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be sleeping when he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be shy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be shy.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be scared.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be scared.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be reasonable.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be reasonable.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be ready.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be ready.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be punctual.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be punctual.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be nervous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be nervous.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be lonely.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be lonely.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be late.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be late.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be jealous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be jealous.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be interested.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be interested.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be in her office.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be in her office.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be impressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be impressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be hungry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be hungry.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be here.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be happy to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be happy to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be grouchy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be grouchy.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be exhausted.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be exhausted.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be early.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be doing that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be doing that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be discouraged.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be discouraged.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be depressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be depressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be cooperative.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be cold.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be cold.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be careful.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be careful.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be bored if we did that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be bored if we did that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be at today's meeting.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be at today's meeting.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be asleep when he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be asleep when he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be amused when she heard about what John had done.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be amused when she heard about what John had done.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be alone.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be alone.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be afraid.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be afraid.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be absent.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be absent.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to win.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to help him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to help him.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to help him do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to help him do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to do that without any help.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to do that without any help.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to do that on her own.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to do that on her own.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't very happy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't very happy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't very good at French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't very good at French.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't tired.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't tired.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't sleeping.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't sleeping.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't pretty.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't pretty.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't here.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to win.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't busy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't busy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't busy today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't busy today.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't bored.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't bored.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't awake.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't awake.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't at home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't at home.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't asleep.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't asleep.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said that he thought Mary was worried.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was worried.
Tom said that he thought Mary was upset.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was upset.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unlikely to cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unlikely to cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unhappy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was unhappy.
Tom said that he thought Mary was too slow.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was too slow.
Tom said that he thought Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was tired.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was tired.
Tom said that he thought Mary was through doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was through doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the best singer in his class.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the best singer in his class.
Tom said that he thought Mary was the best player on the team.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was the best player on the team.
Tom said that he thought Mary was terrified.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was terrified.
Tom said that he thought Mary was suspicious.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was suspicious.
Tom said that he thought Mary was surprised.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was surprised.
Tom said that he thought Mary was still living in Boston.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was still living in Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary was still awake.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was still awake.
Tom said that he thought Mary was sleepy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was sleepy.
Tom said that he thought Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that he thought Mary was scared.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was scared.
Tom said that he thought Mary was right.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was right.
Tom said that he thought Mary was ready.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was ready.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was probably not having any fun doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was probably not having any fun doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was probably having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was probably having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary was pretty.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was pretty.
Tom said that he thought Mary was planning to go to Boston with him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was planning to go to Boston with him.
Tom said that he thought Mary was planning on going to Boston with him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was planning on going to Boston with him.
Tom said that he thought Mary was outside.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was outside.
Tom said that he thought Mary was outside waiting for you.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was outside waiting for you.
Tom said that he thought Mary was nervous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom said that he thought Mary was mistaken.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was mistaken.
Tom said that he thought Mary was married.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was married.
Tom said that he thought Mary was mad at him.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was mad at him.
Tom said that he thought Mary was lonely.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was lonely.
Tom said that he thought Mary was likely to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was likely to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was likely to cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was likely to cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary was jealous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was jealous.
Tom said that he thought Mary was interested.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was interested.
Tom said that he thought Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was interested in basketball.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was interested in basketball.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was innocent.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in the library.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in the library.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in no rush to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in no rush to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her room studying.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her room studying.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her room sleeping.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her room sleeping.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her room reading a book.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her room reading a book.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her room listening to music.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her room listening to music.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in danger.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was in danger.
Tom said that he thought Mary was impressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was impressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary was hungry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was hungry.
Tom said that he thought Mary was here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was here.
Tom said that he thought Mary was having fun.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was having fun.
Tom said that he thought Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary was happy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was happy.
Tom said that he thought Mary was happy here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was happy here.
Tom said that he thought Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom said that he thought Mary was good at French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was good at French.
Tom said that he thought Mary was going to win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was going to win.
Tom said that he thought Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was going to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was going to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said that he thought Mary was drunk.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was drunk.
Tom said that he thought Mary was downstairs.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was downstairs.
Tom said that he thought Mary was doing that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was doing that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was cute.
Tom said that he thought Mary was busy.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was busy.
Tom said that he thought Mary was broke.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was broke.
Tom said that he thought Mary was bored.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was bored.
Tom said that he thought Mary was beautiful.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was beautiful.
Tom said that he thought Mary was awake.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was awake.
Tom said that he thought Mary was at school.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was at school.
Tom said that he thought Mary was at home.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was at home.
Tom said that he thought Mary was asleep.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was asleep.
Tom said that he thought Mary was angry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was angry.
Tom said that he thought Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom said that he thought Mary was always in her office on Mondays.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was always in her office on Mondays.
Tom said that he thought Mary was alone.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was alone.
Tom said that he thought Mary was afraid.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was afraid.
Tom said that he thought Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary was a teacher.
Tom said that he thought that Mary was a teacher.
Tom said that he thought Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary wanted to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wanted to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought Mary understood French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary understood French.
Tom said that he thought Mary taught French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary taught French.
Tom said that he thought Mary spoke French.
Tom said that he thought that Mary spoke French.
Tom said that he thought Mary seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary seemed depressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary seemed depressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably wouldn't want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably wouldn't want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he thought Mary probably did that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary probably did that.
Tom said that he thought Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to get more sleep.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to get more sleep.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to eat healthier food.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to eat healthier food.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that sometime today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that sometime today.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that before she left.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that before she left.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that before John got here.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that before John got here.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed to be more careful.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed to be more careful.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed at least $300 to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary needed at least $300 to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that during the summer.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that during the summer.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that this year.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that this year.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not have finished doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not have finished doing that yet.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought Mary might help us today.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might help us today.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to walk home by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that for John.
Tom said that he thought Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be required to do that right away.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be required to do that right away.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be permitted to do that when she gets older.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that when she gets older.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be frightened.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be frightened.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be able win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be able win.
Tom said that he thought Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked nervous.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked nervous.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked discouraged.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked discouraged.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked confused.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked confused.
Tom said that he thought Mary looked annoyed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary looked annoyed.
Tom said that he thought Mary hated John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary hated John.
Tom said that he thought Mary hadn't been surprised.
Tom said that he thought that Mary hadn't been surprised.
Tom said that he thought Mary hadn't been impressed.
Tom said that he thought that Mary hadn't been impressed.
Tom said that he thought Mary had finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had done that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had done that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had been careless.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had been careless.
Tom said that he thought Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had already done that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had already done that.
Tom said that he thought Mary had agreed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary had agreed to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary enjoyed the party.
Tom said that he thought that Mary enjoyed the party.
Tom said that he thought Mary enjoyed swimming.
Tom said that he thought that Mary enjoyed swimming.
Tom said that he thought Mary didn't like John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary didn't like John.
Tom said that he thought Mary didn't like John very much.
Tom said that he thought that Mary didn't like John very much.
Tom said that he thought Mary despised John.
Tom said that he thought that Mary despised John.
Tom said that he thought Mary could win.
Tom said that he thought that Mary could win.
Tom said that he thought Mary could probably do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary could probably do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary could do that.
Tom said that he thought that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary could afford to buy the car she wanted.
Tom said that he thought that Mary could afford to buy the car she wanted.
Tom said that he thought John was Mary's son.
Tom said that he thought that John was Mary's son.
Tom said that he thought it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said that he thought that it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said that he thought it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said that he thought that it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said that he thought it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Tom said that he thought it would rain tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that it would rain tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought it would probably snow.
Tom said that he thought that it would probably snow.
Tom said that he thought it would likely snow.
Tom said that he thought that it would likely snow.
Tom said that he thought it would be raining on Monday.
Tom said that he thought that it would be raining on Monday.
Tom said that he thought that it would be possible to do that.
Tom said that he thought it would be impossible to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it would be impossible to do that.
Tom said that he thought it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
Tom said that he thought that it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
Tom said that he thought it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said that he thought that it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said that he thought it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said that he thought that it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said that he thought it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought that it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it would be a big mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he thought that it would be a big mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it would be a big mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought that it would be a big mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said that he thought that it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said that he thought it was unlikely that he'd win.
Tom said that he thought that it was unlikely that he'd win.
Tom said that he thought it was time for him to retire.
Tom said that he thought that it was time for him to retire.
Tom said that he thought it was a tad risky to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it was a tad risky to do that.
Tom said that he thought it was a little risky to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it was a little risky to do that.
Tom said that he thought it probably wouldn't snow.
Tom said that he thought that it probably wouldn't snow.
Tom said that he thought it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom said that he thought that it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom said that he thought I'd already done that.
Tom said that he thought that I'd already done that.
Tom said that he thought I was very annoying.
Tom said that he thought that I was very annoying.
Tom said that he thought I was the right person for the job.
Tom said that he thought that I was the right person for the job.
Tom said that he thought I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought I was handsome.
Tom said that he thought that I was handsome.
Tom said that he thought I should get more exercise.
Tom said that he thought that I should get more exercise.
Tom said that he thought I should buy a new car.
Tom said that he thought that I should buy a new car.
Tom said that he thought I needed to get more exercise.
Tom said that he thought that I needed to get more exercise.
Tom said that he thought I might want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might want to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might want to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might want to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not win.
Tom said that he thought that I might not win.
Tom said that he thought I might not want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not want to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not need to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought that I might not need to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought I might not need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that I might not need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not be required to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be required to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought I might not be required to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be required to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that I might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought I might need to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might need to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that soon.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that soon.
Tom said that he thought I might have to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might have to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that I might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom said that he thought that I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom said that he thought I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought that I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said that he thought I looked lonely.
Tom said that he thought that I looked lonely.
Tom said that he thought I looked like I was tired.
Tom said that he thought that I looked like I was tired.
Tom said that he thought I looked like I was sleepy.
Tom said that he thought that I looked like I was sleepy.
Tom said that he thought I looked like I was lonely.
Tom said that he thought that I looked like I was lonely.
Tom said that he thought I looked hungry.
Tom said that he thought that I looked hungry.
Tom said that he thought that I looked happy.
Tom said that he thought I looked bored.
Tom said that he thought that I looked bored.
Tom said that he thought he'd find another job.
Tom said that he thought that he'd find another job.
Tom said that he thought he'd be prosecuted.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be prosecuted.
Tom said that he thought he'd be arrested.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be arrested.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help us.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help us.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help us do that.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help us do that.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help Mary.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help Mary weed the garden today.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help Mary weed the garden today.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to get that done today.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to get that done today.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to find another job.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to find another job.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that for me.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that for me.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said that he thought he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said that he thought that he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with Mary.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy going skin diving with Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going skin diving with Mary.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
Tom said that he thought he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought that he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that for me.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that for me.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought that he would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought he was too young to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was too young to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was too old to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was too old to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was too drunk to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was too drunk to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was the only one who want to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was the only one who want to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought he was going to win.
Tom said that he thought that he was going to win.
Tom said that he thought he was doing the right thing.
Tom said that he thought that he was doing the right thing.
Tom said that he thought he shouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that he shouldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought he should study French.
Tom said that he thought that he should study French.
Tom said that he thought he should learn how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he should learn how to do that.
Tom said that he thought he should help Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he should help Mary.
Tom said that he thought he should do that.
Tom said that he thought that he should do that.
Tom said that he thought he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom said that he thought that he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom said that he thought he ought to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he ought to do that.
Tom said that he thought he needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not need to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought he might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that here.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that here.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought he might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he thought he might not be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom said that he thought he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might not be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom said that he thought that he might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom said that he thought he might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might need to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might need to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that he might need to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might have to do that before she can go home.
Tom said that he thought that he might have to do that before she can go home.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who wants to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who wants to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who needs to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who needs to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who has to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who has to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be required to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be required to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might be required to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might be required to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he thought he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he thought he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he might be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he thought that he might be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he thought he might be able win.
Tom said that he thought that he might be able win.
Tom said that he thought he knew what to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what needed to be done.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what needed to be done.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary planned to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary planned to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary planned on doing.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary planned on doing.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom said that he thought he knew what had to be done.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what had to be done.
Tom said that he thought he knew what had caused the accident.
Tom said that he thought that he knew what had caused the accident.
Tom said that he thought he knew the cause of the accident.
Tom said that he thought that he knew the cause of the accident.
Tom said that he thought he knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he knew how to do that.
Tom said that he thought he heard voices in the next room.
Tom said that he thought that he heard voices in the next room.
Tom said that he thought he heard Mary snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom said that he thought that he heard Mary snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom said that he thought he had to study French.
Tom said that he thought that he had to study French.
Tom said that he thought he had to speak French.
Tom said that he thought that he had to speak French.
Tom said that he thought he had to help Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he had to help Mary.
Tom said that he thought he had to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he had to do that.
Tom said that he thought he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he thought he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he thought that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he thought he couldn't win.
Tom said that he thought that he couldn't win.
Tom said that he thought he couldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought that he couldn't do that.
Tom said that he thought he could take care of himself.
Tom said that he thought that he could take care of himself.
Tom said that he thought he could impress Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he could impress Mary.
Tom said that he thought he could help us.
Tom said that he thought that he could help us.
Tom said that he thought he could help us today.
Tom said that he thought that he could help us today.
Tom said that he thought he could help us do that.
Tom said that he thought that he could help us do that.
Tom said that he thought he could help Mary.
Tom said that he thought that he could help Mary.
Tom said that he thought he could help Mary do that.
Tom said that he thought that he could help Mary do that.
Tom said that he thought he could do that.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that.
Tom said that he thought he could do that today.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that today.
Tom said that he thought he could do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that if he had some help.
Tom said that he thought he could do that for me.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that for me.
Tom said that he thought he could do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought that he could do that by himself.
Tom said that he thought he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought that he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he thought he could buy what Mary wanted for about $300.
Tom said that he thought that he could buy what Mary wanted for about $300.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be safe.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be safe.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom said that he thought doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom said that he thought that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be safe.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be safe.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be OK.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be OK.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be dangerous.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be a mistake.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be a mistake.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be a good idea.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be a good idea.
Tom said that he thought doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom said that he thought doing that would a lot of fun.
Tom said that he thought that doing that would a lot of fun.
Tom said that he thinks there's no life on Mars.
Tom said that he thinks that there's no life on Mars.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't win.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary won't win.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't eat very much.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary won't eat very much.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary isn't going win.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary isn't going win.
Tom said that he thinks Mary isn't going do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary isn't going do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can't win.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can't win.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can't eat dairy products.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can't eat dairy products.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can't do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can't do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can win.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can win.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can do that.
Tom said that he thinks that Mary can do that.
Tom said that he thinks I'd be able to win.
Tom said that he thinks that I'd be able to win.
Tom said that he thinks his team will win.
Tom said that he thinks that his team will win.
Tom said that he thinks his team will probably win.
Tom said that he thinks that his team will probably win.
Tom said that he thinks his parents are going to get divorced.
Tom said that he thinks that his parents are going to get divorced.
Tom said that he thinks he'll have to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he thinks that he'll have to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he thinks he sprained his ankle.
Tom said that he thinks that he sprained his ankle.
Tom said that he thinks he can take care of himself.
Tom said that he thinks that he can take care of himself.
Tom said that he thinks he can do that.
Tom said that he thinks that he can do that.
Tom said that he sold Mary his car.
Tom said that he sold his car to Mary.
Tom said that he knew you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew you wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew that you wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew you couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew that you couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew you could do that.
Tom said that he knew that you could do that.
Tom said that he knew we wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said that he knew that we wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said that he knew we wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew that we wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew this day would come.
Tom said that he knew that this day would come.
Tom said that he knew they might not permit him to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that they might not permit him to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew they might not let him do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that they might not let him do that at school.
Tom said that he knew they might not allow him to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that they might not allow him to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't win the race.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't win the race.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary would win.
Tom said that he knew that Mary would win.
Tom said that he knew Mary would win the race.
Tom said that he knew that Mary would win the race.
Tom said that he knew Mary would do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said that he knew Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he knew that Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he knew Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary should do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary should do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might want to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might want to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said that he knew Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that on such a hot day.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not want to do that again.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not want to do that again.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not need to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be permitted to do that at home.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be permitted to do that at home.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might not be allowed to do that at home.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might not be allowed to do that at home.
Tom said that he knew Mary might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said that he knew Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might have to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might have to do that today.
Tom said that he knew Mary might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might have to do that this week.
Tom said that he knew Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be required to do that again.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be required to do that again.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said that he knew Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew that Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he knew Mary couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew that Mary couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew Mary could win.
Tom said that he knew that Mary could win.
Tom said that he knew Mary could do that.
Tom said that he knew that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he knew it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said that he knew that it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said that he knew it was time to leave.
Tom said that he knew that it was time to leave.
Tom said that he knew it was time to go.
Tom said that he knew that it was time to go.
Tom said that he knew I wasn't going to do that.
Tom said that he knew that I wasn't going to do that.
Tom said that he knew I wasn't going to cry.
Tom said that he knew that I wasn't going to cry.
Tom said that he knew I might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that I might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew I might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew that I might have to do that.
Tom said that he knew he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he knew that he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he knew he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew he wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew that he wouldn't be able do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not need to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew he might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he knew that he might not need to do that again.
Tom said that he knew he might not have to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not have to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew he might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he knew that he might not have to do that again.
Tom said that he knew he might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said that he knew he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not be permitted to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be permitted to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might not be allowed to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be allowed to do that at school.
Tom said that he knew he might not be able to win.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be able to win.
Tom said that he knew he might not be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might not be able to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might need to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might need to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that he might need to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he knew that he might have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he knew he might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew that he might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he knew he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might be required to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might be required to do that soon.
Tom said that he knew that he might be required to do that soon.
Tom said that he knew he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said that he knew he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew that he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he knew he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he knew that he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said that he knew he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew that he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he knew he could do that.
Tom said that he knew that he could do that.
Tom said that he is glad that you're back.
Tom said he's glad you're back.
Tom said he's glad that you're back.
Tom said that he hopes you're able to win.
Tom said that he hopes that you're able to win.
Tom said that he hopes you're able to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you're able to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you'll help him.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll help him.
Tom said that he hopes you'll help him with his homework.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll help him with his homework.
Tom said that he hopes you'll help him do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll help him do that.
Tom said that he hopes you'll do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll do that.
Tom said that he hopes you'll be at the party.
Tom said that he hopes that you'll be at the party.
Tom said that he hopes you won't want to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't want to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't need to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't need to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't let Mary drive.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't let Mary drive.
Tom said that he hopes you won't let Mary do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't let Mary do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't have to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't have to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't go home by yourself.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't go home by yourself.
Tom said that he hopes you won't eat the last piece of cake.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't eat the last piece of cake.
Tom said that he hopes you won't do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't do that.
Tom said that he hopes you won't do that by yourself.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't do that by yourself.
Tom said that he hopes you won't do that alone.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't do that alone.
Tom said that he hopes you won't be late.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't be late.
Tom said that he hopes you won't be late again tomorrow.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't be late again tomorrow.
Tom said that he hopes you won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you won't allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you try your best to win.
Tom said that he hopes that you try your best to win.
Tom said that he hopes you try your best to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you try your best to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you try to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you try to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you try doing that.
Tom said that he hopes that you try doing that.
Tom said that he hopes you like to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you like to do that.
Tom said that he hopes you like doing that.
Tom said that he hopes that you like doing that.
Tom said that he hopes you can take care of yourself.
Tom said that he hopes that you can take care of yourself.
Tom said that he hopes you can do that.
Tom said that he hopes that you can do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't want to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't want to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't need to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't need to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't let John drive.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't let John drive.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't let John do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't let John do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't have to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't have to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't go home by herself.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't go home by herself.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't eat the last apple.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't eat the last apple.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't do that by herself.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't do that alone.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't do that alone.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't be late.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't be late.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't be late again today.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't be late again today.
Tom said that he hopes Mary won't allow John to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary won't allow John to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will win.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will win.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will help him.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will help him.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will help him with his homework.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will help him with his homework.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will help him do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will help him do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary will be at the party.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary will be at the party.
Tom said that he hopes Mary tries to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary tries to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary tries her best to win.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary tries her best to win.
Tom said that he hopes Mary tries her best to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary tries her best to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary tries doing that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary tries doing that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary likes to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary likes to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary likes doing that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary likes doing that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary is able to win.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary is able to win.
Tom said that he hopes Mary is able to do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary is able to do that.
Tom said that he hopes Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said that he hopes Mary can do that.
Tom said that he hopes that Mary can do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would come to his party.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would come to his party.
Tom said he hoped Mary would come to his party.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he hoped Mary wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would want to go to the dance with him.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would want to go to the dance with him.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would like the gift he was planning to give her.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would like the gift he was planning to give her.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would like the gift he was planning on giving her.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would let him walk her home.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would let him walk her home.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would enjoy being there.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would enjoy being there.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would eat what he made.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would eat what he made.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would do that today.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would do that today.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would do that right away.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would do that right away.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would come to his concert.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would come to his concert.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be willing to do that for him.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be willing to do that for him.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be there.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be there.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be at the dance.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be at the dance.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to help us.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to help us.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to help us today.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to help us today.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to do that today.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to do that today.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to come to his party.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to come to his party.
Tom said that he hoped Mary would be able to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary would be able to buy everything she needed.
Tom said that he hoped Mary got home before it started raining.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary got home before it started raining.
Tom said that he hoped Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary could learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary could learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped Mary could do that.
Tom said that he hoped that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be allowed to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he hoped he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said that he hoped that he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said that he hoped he wasn't going to get fired.
Tom said that he hoped that he wasn't going to get fired.
Tom said that he hoped he wasn't going to be fired.
Tom said that he hoped that he wasn't going to be fired.
Tom said that he hoped he never needed to do that again.
Tom said that he hoped that he never needed to do that again.
Tom said that he hoped he never had to go back to Boston.
Tom said that he hoped that he never had to go back to Boston.
Tom said that he hoped he got home before it started raining.
Tom said that he hoped that he got home before it started raining.
Tom said that he hoped he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he could win the race.
Tom said that he hoped that he could win the race.
Tom said that he hoped he could learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he could learn how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he hoped he could do that.
Tom said that he hoped that he could do that.
Tom said that he hasn't yet seen that video.
Tom said that he hasn't seen that video yet.
Tom said that he hasn't yet done that.
Tom said that he hasn't done that yet.
Tom said that he hasn't yet decided what he'll do.
Tom said that he hasn't decided what he'll do yet.
Tom said that he figured Mary could win.
Tom said that he figured that Mary could win.
Tom said that he figured Mary could do that.
Tom said that he figured that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he figured I could do that.
Tom said that he figured that I could do that.
Tom said that he figured he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he figured that he'd be able to win.
Tom said that he figured he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he figured that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he figured he could do that.
Tom said that he figured that he could do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you need to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that you need to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you have to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that you have to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think you can win.
Tom said that he doesn't think that you can win.
Tom said that he doesn't think you can take care of yourself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that you can take care of yourself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary will ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary will do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary will do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary will agree to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary will agree to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that with John.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that with John.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wants to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wants to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wanted to go yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wanted to go yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary wanted to do that yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary still does that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary still does that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that outside.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that outside.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary should do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary should do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that here.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that here.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wants to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really wanted to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really wanted to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needs to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needs to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really needed to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really needed to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really likes doing that very much.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really likes doing that very much.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really knows how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really knows how to do that very well.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really knows how to do that very well.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really has to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really has to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really has to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really had to go yesterday morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really had to go yesterday morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really had to do that yesterday morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that yesterday morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really had to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really had to do that this morning.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoys playing tennis with John.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys playing tennis with John.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoys doing that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoys doing that alone.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really did that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really did that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really did that without any help.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really did that without any help.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to do that inside.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that inside.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary ought to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary ought to do that again.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary needed to do that outside.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary needed to do that outside.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary knows how to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary knows how to do that very well.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary knows how to do that very well.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary has to do that until October.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary has to do that until October.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary has to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary has to do that today.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary enjoys doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary does that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary does that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary does that very often.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary does that very often.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary does that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary does that anymore.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary did that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary did that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary can stop John from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary can stop him from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that Mary can find the time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think it's safe for you to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that it's safe for you to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think it's necessary to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that it's necessary to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think it would be wise to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that it would be wise to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he'll ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he'll ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he needs to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he has to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he can stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he can find the time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he can find the time to do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think he can do that.
Tom said that he doesn't think that he can do that.
Tom said that he didn't think you'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that you'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think you should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that you should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that you should ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think we should even consider doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that we should even consider doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think we should be doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that we should be doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that the smell bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that the noise bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that the heat bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that the cold bothered Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would win.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would win.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would really do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would really do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would need to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would need to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let you do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let you do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let me do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let me do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let John drive.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let John drive.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let John do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let John do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let him drive.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let him drive.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would let him do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would let him do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would ever be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would enjoy that movie.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would enjoy that movie.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would do that on purpose.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would cry.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would cry.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would be amused by what was happening.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would be amused by what was happening.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was hungry.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was hungry.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was busy.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was busy.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary was asleep.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary was asleep.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that outside.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that outside.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that at school.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that at school.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary wanted to be on the basketball team.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary should've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary should've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really wanted to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really needed to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really needed to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really knew how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really knew how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really had to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really had to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really had to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really had to attend that meeting.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really had to attend that meeting.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really did what John said she did.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really did what John said she did.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary really did that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary really did that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary ought to have done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary needed to tell John what to do.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary needed to tell John what to do.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary needed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary needed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary needed to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary needed to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary liked to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary liked to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary liked doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary liked doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary knew how to drive.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary knew how to drive.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary knew how to cook Chinese food.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary knew how to cook Chinese food.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had to do that anymore.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had studied French for very long.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had studied French for very long.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had ever done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had ever done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary had a driver's license.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary had a driver's license.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary enjoyed doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary did that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary did that very often.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary did that very often.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary did that on purpose.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary did that on purpose.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could've done that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could've done that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could win.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could win.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could swim.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could swim.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could keep John from doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could keep John from doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think Mary could find the time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could find the time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it would be possible to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it would be possible to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it would be a good idea to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it was possible.
Tom said that he didn't think that it was possible.
Tom said that he didn't think it was a good idea to permit Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it was a good idea to permit Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it was a good idea to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it was a good idea to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he didn't think it was a good idea to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that it was a good idea to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think I should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that I should do that.
Tom said that he didn't think I had the guts to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that I had the guts to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd win.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd win.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd have enough time to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd have enough time to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd ever do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd ever do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think he'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he'd do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he was very good at French.
Tom said that he didn't think that he was very good at French.
Tom said that he didn't think he was ready to become a father.
Tom said that he didn't think that he was ready to become a father.
Tom said that he didn't think he was good enough for you.
Tom said that he didn't think that he was good enough for you.
Tom said that he didn't think he was good enough for Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think that he was good enough for Mary.
Tom said that he didn't think he should say anything.
Tom said that he didn't think that he should say anything.
Tom said that he didn't think he ought to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he ought to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he had to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that he had to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think he had enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he had enough time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he had any chance of winning.
Tom said that he didn't think that he had any chance of winning.
Tom said that he didn't think he could win.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could win.
Tom said that he didn't think he could stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could stop Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he didn't think he could help you move the piano today.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could help you move the piano today.
Tom said that he didn't think he could find the time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could find the time to do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could ever eat a cockroach.
Tom said that he didn't think he could ever do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could ever do that.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that without our help.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that without our help.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that today.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that right now.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that right now.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that now.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that now.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that kind of thing.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that kind of thing.
Tom said that he didn't think he could do that by himself.
Tom said that he didn't think that he could do that by himself.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would make any difference.
Tom said that he didn't think that doing that would make any difference.
Tom said that he didn't think that doing that would be safe.
Tom said that he didn't think doing that would be much fun.
Tom said that he didn't think that doing that would be much fun.
Tom said that he didn't think anyone could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that anyone could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think anybody could do that.
Tom said that he didn't think that anybody could do that.
Tom said that he didn't see anybody in the park.
Tom said that he didn't see anyone in the park.
Tom said that he didn't really expect anybody to volunteer.
Tom said that he didn't really expect anyone to volunteer.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to swim.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to speak French very well.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that on her own.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that next week.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that next week.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to have to do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to eventually want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to eventually want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to eventually leave him.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to eventually leave him.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to eventually do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to eventually do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was going to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was able to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was able to speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary was able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary was able to do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't swim.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't swim.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't swim very well.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't speak French very well.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary could speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary could speak French.
Tom said that he didn't know Mary could do that.
Tom said that he didn't know that Mary could do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe you'd do that for him.
Tom said that he didn't believe that you'd do that for him.
Tom said that he didn't believe you really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that you really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe you really did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that you really did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary would really want to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary would really do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary would really do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary would do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary would do that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that today.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned to go with us.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned to go with us.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned to go bowling with John.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned to go bowling with John.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned to do that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned to do that this week.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned to do that this week.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned on going with us.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned on going with us.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned on going bowling with John.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned on going bowling with John.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned on doing that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really planned on doing that this week.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really planned on doing that this week.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really did that.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary really did that by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary could do that without some help.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary could do that without some help.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary and I actually did that by ourselves.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary and I actually did that by ourselves.
Tom said that he didn't believe Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom said that he didn't believe that Mary actually did her homework by herself.
Tom said that he believed he could win.
Tom said that he believed that he could win.
Tom said that he believed he could do that.
Tom said that he believed that he could do that.
Tom said that he assumed you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed that you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he assumed that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he assumed you would want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed that you would want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed you would do that.
Tom said that he assumed that you would do that.
Tom said that he assumed Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he assumed Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said that he assumed Mary would do that.
Tom said that he assumed that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he already did that.
Tom said that he did that already.
Tom said Mary would win and she did.
Tom said that Mary would win and she did.
Tom said Mary would help.
Tom said that Mary would help.
Tom said Mary went to Boston.
Tom said that Mary went to Boston.
Tom said Mary told him not to do that.
Tom said that Mary told him not to do that.
Tom said Mary told him never to do that.
Tom said that Mary told him never to do that.
Tom said Mary told him never to do that again.
Tom said that Mary told him never to do that again.
Tom said Mary thinks she can win.
Tom said that Mary thinks she can win.
Tom said Mary is the best swimmer he's ever swum with.
Tom said that Mary is the best swimmer he's ever swum with.
Tom said Mary is the best singer he's ever sung with.
Tom said that Mary is the best singer he's ever sung with.
Tom said Mary is the best French teacher he's ever had.
Tom said that Mary is the best French teacher he's ever had.
Tom said Mary is the best French teacher he knows.
Tom said that Mary is the best French teacher he knows.
Tom said Mary is the best dancer he's ever danced with.
Tom said that Mary is the best dancer he's ever danced with.
Tom said Mary is the best cook he knows.
Tom said that Mary is the best cook he knows.
Tom said Mary is sure she won't do that.
Tom said that Mary is sure she won't do that.
Tom said Mary is supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that Mary is supposed to do that tomorrow.
Tom said Mary is now living in Boston.
Tom said that Mary is now living in Boston.
Tom said Mary is looking forward to seeing you.
Tom said that Mary is looking forward to seeing you.
Tom said Mary had gone to Boston.
Tom said that Mary had gone to Boston.
Tom said Mary didn't eat dessert.
Tom said that Mary didn't eat dessert.
Tom said Mary definitely wanted to go with us, so we should wait.
Tom said that Mary definitely wanted to go with us, so we should wait.
Tom said Mary agreed.
Tom said that Mary agreed.
Tom said his parents told him not to do that.
Tom said that his parents told him not to do that.
Tom said his father worked in Boston.
Tom said that his father worked in Boston.
Tom said his father was a coal miner.
Tom said that his father was a coal miner.
Tom said his father used to be a truck driver.
Tom said that his father used to be a truck driver.
Tom said that he's tried doing that three times.
Tom said he's sure Mary won't win.
Tom said that he's sure Mary won't win.
Tom said he's sure Mary won't do that.
Tom said that he's sure Mary won't do that.
Tom said he's never been arrested.
Tom said that he's never been arrested.
Tom said he's glad that nobody was injured in the accident.
Tom said he's glad that no one was injured in the accident.
Tom said he's glad that he was able to help you.
Tom said he's glad that he was able to help you do that.
Tom said he's glad that he was able to do that.
Tom said he's glad nobody was injured in the accident.
Tom said he's glad no one was injured in the accident.
Tom said he's glad he was able to help you.
Tom said he's glad he was able to help you do that.
Tom said he's done that many times.
Tom said that he's done that many times.
Tom said he's discussed that with Mary.
Tom said that he's discussed that with Mary.
Tom said that he'll win.
Tom said that he'll wait.
Tom said that he'll visit Boston.
Tom said that he'll try to win.
Tom said that he'll try to do that.
Tom said that he'll try to do that for me.
Tom said that he'll try to buy everything we need.
Tom said that he'll talk to Mary.
Tom said that he'll take what he can get.
Tom said that he'll stay where he is until 2:30.
Tom said that he'll sing.
Tom said that he'll quit doing that.
Tom said that he'll probably win.
Tom said that he'll probably go shopping with Mary on Monday.
Tom said that he'll probably do that.
Tom said that he'll probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom said that he'll probably do that on Monday with Mary.
Tom said that he'll pick you up from practice tomorrow.
Tom said that he'll never quit doing that.
Tom said that he'll never do that.
Tom said that he'll look after me.
Tom said that he'll leave soon.
Tom said that he'll help us.
Tom said that he'll help us if we want him to.
Tom said that he'll help us do that.
Tom said that he'll help us any way he can.
Tom said he'll help me get what I needed.
Tom said that he'll help me get what I needed.
Tom said that he'll help me get what I need.
Tom said that he'll help me get everything I need.
Tom said that he'll go to Boston in October.
Tom said that he'll go home as soon as he finishes doing what he's doing.
Tom said that he'll go home as soon as he finishes doing that.
Tom said that he'll get it done before Monday.
Tom said that he'll do that.
Tom said that he'll do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he'll do that soon.
Tom said that he'll do that later.
Tom said that he'll do that in a couple of days.
Tom said that he'll do that for you.
Tom said that he'll do that for you if you ask him to.
Tom said that he'll do that for us.
Tom said that he'll do that for us if we ask him to.
Tom said that he'll do that for Mary.
Tom said that he'll do that for Mary this time.
Tom said that he'll do that as soon as he can.
Tom said that he'll check into it.
Tom said that he'll call you later.
Tom said that he'll buy that for you.
Tom said that he'll be turning thirty soon.
Tom said that he'll be there.
Tom said that he'll be the next one to do that.
Tom said that he'll be the last one to do that.
Tom said that he'll be the first one to do that.
Tom said that he'll be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom said that he'll be on vacation next week.
Tom said that he'll be leaving tomorrow.
Tom said that he'll be in the hospital for about three weeks.
Tom said that he'll be in his office all morning.
Tom said that he'll be in Boston next week.
Tom said that he'll be in Boston next Monday.
Tom said that he'll be doing that soon.
Tom said that he'll be doing that on his own.
Tom said that he'll be doing that by himself.
Tom said that he'll be doing that alone.
Tom said that he'll be at this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that he'll ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'll ask Mary if she wants to do that.
Tom said that he'll ask Mary if she wants him to help her do that.
Tom said that he'd win and he did.
Tom said that he'd wash the dishes, so you don't have to.
Tom said that he'd walk the dog this morning, but he didn't.
Tom said that he'd walk Mary home.
Tom said that he'd wait for us.
Tom said that he'd wait for Mary until 2:30.
Tom said that he'd wait and see.
Tom said that he'd vote for Mary.
Tom said he'd visit Mary in Boston every weekend.
Tom said that he'd visit Mary in Boston every weekend.
Tom said he'd visit Boston.
Tom said that he'd visit Boston.
Tom said that he'd very unlikely do that.
Tom said that he'd unlikely do that.
Tom said he'd try.
Tom said that he'd try.
Tom said that he'd try to win.
Tom said he'd try to make it to our party tonight.
Tom said that he'd try to make it to our party tonight.
Tom said that he'd try to keep Mary from doing that.
Tom said that he'd try to do that.
Tom said that he'd try to do that today.
Tom said that he'd try to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he'd try to do that again.
Tom said that he'd try to do that again tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd try to do that again on Monday.
Tom said that he'd try to do that again later.
Tom said that he'd try to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd try doing that.
Tom said that he'd try doing that today.
Tom said that he'd try doing that this weekend.
Tom said that he'd try doing that again.
Tom said that he'd try doing that again tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd try doing that again on Monday.
Tom said that he'd try doing that again later.
Tom said that he'd try again.
Tom said that he'd think it over and give us his answer tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd think about my suggestion.
Tom said that he'd think about it.
Tom said that he'd think about doing that.
Tom said he'd talk to Mary.
Tom said that he'd talk to Mary.
Tom said he'd talk to Mary about what needed to be done.
Tom said that he'd talk to Mary about what needed to be done.
Tom said he'd talk to Mary about that.
Tom said that he'd talk to Mary about that.
Tom said he'd take care of Mary.
Tom said that he'd take care of Mary.
Tom said that he'd take care of it.
Tom said that he'd stopped doing that.
Tom said that he'd still like to do that.
Tom said that he'd stay there till 2:30.
Tom said that he'd stay and help us clean up after the party.
Tom said that he'd sort it out.
Tom said that he'd sign the contract.
Tom said that he'd see what he could do.
Tom said that he'd see what could be done.
Tom said that he'd see me tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd retire this year.
Tom said that he'd rather you didn't do that.
Tom said that he'd rather study French with a native speaker.
Tom said that he'd rather not swim.
Tom said that he'd rather not spend so much time doing that.
Tom said that he'd rather not spend much time doing that.
Tom said that he'd rather not speak French.
Tom said that he'd rather not see that movie.
Tom said that he'd rather not go with us.
Tom said that he'd rather not go to Mary's party.
Tom said that he'd rather not go to Boston with us.
Tom said that he'd rather not go home.
Tom said that he'd rather not go home until after 2:30.
Tom said that he'd rather not eat right now.
Tom said that he'd rather not eat now.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that today.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that right now.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that now.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that here.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that anymore.
Tom said that he'd rather not do that again.
Tom said that he'd rather not ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd rather go home.
Tom said that he'd rather do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd rather do that some other time.
Tom said that he'd rather do that next week.
Tom said that he'd rather do that himself.
Tom said that he'd rather do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd rather do that alone.
Tom said that he'd rather die than do that.
Tom said that he'd rather come next week.
Tom said that he'd quit doing that.
Tom said that he'd probably win.
Tom said that he'd probably go shopping with Mary on Monday.
Tom said that he'd probably do that.
Tom said that he'd probably do that today.
Tom said that he'd probably do that the day after tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd probably do that on Monday with Mary.
Tom said that he'd prefer to stay at home.
Tom said that he'd prefer that you not do that here.
Tom said that he'd prefer that Mary do that.
Tom said that he'd prefer not to do that.
Tom said that he'd prefer not to do that today.
Tom said that he'd prefer not to do that here.
Tom said that he'd play tennis with us.
Tom said that he'd pick me up at 2:30.
Tom said that he'd pay for the dinner.
Tom said that he'd pay for everything.
Tom said that he'd overstayed his visa.
Tom said that he'd only talk to you.
Tom said he'd only talk to Mary.
Tom said that he'd only talk to Mary.
Tom said he'd only stay for a few hours.
Tom said that he'd only stay for a few hours.
Tom said that he'd only be gone for a few days.
Tom said that he'd never want to do that.
Tom said that he'd never want to do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd never want to do that alone.
Tom said that he'd never try to do that on his own.
Tom said that he'd never try to do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd never try to do that at home.
Tom said that he'd never try to do that alone.
Tom said that he'd never tried water skiing.
Tom said that he'd never testify against Mary.
Tom said that he'd never tell Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd never teach French.
Tom said that he'd never study French.
Tom said that he'd never speak to me again.
Tom said that he'd never seen it.
Tom said he'd never seen anything like that before.
Tom said that he'd never seen anything like that before.
Tom said that he'd never see me again.
Tom said that he'd never planned to stay that long.
Tom said that he'd never planned on staying that long.
Tom said that he'd never permit you to do that.
Tom said that he'd never permit Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd never let you drive.
Tom said that he'd never let you do that.
Tom said that he'd never let Mary win.
Tom said that he'd never let Mary drive.
Tom said that he'd never let Mary do that.
Tom said that he'd never leave me.
Tom said that he'd never leave his wife.
Tom said that he'd never leave early.
Tom said he'd never hurt anyone.
Tom said that he'd never hurt anyone.
Tom said he'd never hurt anybody.
Tom said that he'd never hurt anybody.
Tom said that he'd never heard of me.
Tom said that he'd never go to that restaurant again.
Tom said that he'd never go back to Boston.
Tom said that he'd never ever do that.
Tom said that he'd never ever do that again.
Tom said that he'd never done that before.
Tom said that he'd never do that.
Tom said that he'd never do that with Mary.
Tom said that he'd never do that to Mary.
Tom said that he'd never do that again.
Tom said that he'd never consider doing that.
Tom said that he'd never consider doing that by himself.
Tom said that he'd never consider doing that alone.
Tom said he'd never come back here.
Tom said that he'd never come back here.
Tom said he'd never come back here again.
Tom said that he'd never come back here again.
Tom said that he'd never been to Boston.
Tom said that he'd never been there before.
Tom said that he'd never been in a motorboat.
Tom said that he'd never ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd never allow you to do that.
Tom said that he'd never allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd never agree to do that.
Tom said that he'd meet us in the lobby at 2:30.
Tom said that he'd love to help.
Tom said that he'd love to go with us.
Tom said that he'd love to go to Boston with us.
Tom said that he'd love to go to Boston with us in October.
Tom said that he'd look into it.
Tom said that he'd look at it.
Tom said that he'd likely win.
Tom said that he'd likely not do that.
Tom said that he'd likely do that.
Tom said that he'd likely buy some things at the flea market.
Tom said that he'd likely buy some stuff at the flea market.
Tom said that he'd like you to do that now.
Tom said that he'd like you to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he'd like to visit Boston.
Tom said that he'd like to talk to you.
Tom said that he'd like to spend his next holiday hiking and camping.
Tom said that he'd like to see more.
Tom said that he'd like to live in Boston.
Tom said that he'd like to know why you didn't do what you said you'd do.
Tom said that he'd like to know why you did that.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary didn't do what she said she'd do.
Tom said that he'd like to know why Mary did that.
Tom said that he'd like to keep working here.
Tom said that he'd like to help.
Tom said that he'd like to have another cup of coffee.
Tom said that he'd like to hang out with us.
Tom said that he'd like to go with us.
Tom said that he'd like to go back to Boston someday.
Tom said that he'd like to eat now.
Tom said that he'd like to do that now.
Tom said that he'd like to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he'd like to continue working here.
Tom said that he'd like to borrow a few books.
Tom said that he'd let me know if anything happened.
Tom said he'd lend me some money.
Tom said that he'd lend me some money.
Tom said that he'd leave.
Tom said he'd leave at 2:30.
Tom said that he'd leave at 2:30.
Tom said he'd help.
Tom said that he'd help you do that, too.
Tom said that he'd help you do that as well.
Tom said that he'd help us.
Tom said he'd help us load the truck.
Tom said that he'd help us load the truck.
Tom said that he'd help us if we want him to.
Tom said that he'd help us do that.
Tom said that he'd help us any way he can.
Tom said that he'd help me load the truck.
Tom said that he'd help me if I wanted him to.
Tom said he'd help me get what I needed.
Tom said that he'd help me get what I needed.
Tom said that he'd help me get what I need.
Tom said he'd help me find what I needed.
Tom said that he'd help me find what I needed.
Tom said that he'd help me find what I need.
Tom said that he'd help me figure out what needed to be done.
Tom said that he'd help me figure out how to do that.
Tom said that he'd help me do what I needed to do.
Tom said he'd help me do that.
Tom said that he'd help me do that if I wanted him to.
Tom said that he'd help me do that as well.
Tom said that he'd help Mary.
Tom said that he'd help Mary with her plan.
Tom said that he'd help Mary do that as well.
Tom said that he'd help Mary as well.
Tom said that he'd help load the truck.
Tom said that he'd help if I wanted him to.
Tom said that he'd have to reschedule.
Tom said that he'd had nothing to do with what had happened.
Tom said that he'd go to church.
Tom said that he'd go back home soon.
Tom said that he'd give me the details later.
Tom said that he'd give me a massage.
Tom said that he'd get home by 2:30.
Tom said that he'd found something.
Tom said that he'd fly to Boston.
Tom said that he'd finish doing that tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd finish doing that by himself.
Tom said that he'd finish doing that alone.
Tom said that he'd fill out the application form for me.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to win.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to participate.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to help him.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to go yesterday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to get home on Monday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to do that yesterday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he'd expected Mary to be at his party.
Tom said that he'd eat fruit.
Tom said he'd draw a map for Mary if necessary.
Tom said that he'd draw a map for Mary if necessary.
Tom said he'd do that, so you don't have to.
Tom said that he'd do that, so you don't have to.
Tom said that he'd do that, but he hasn't yet.
Tom said that he'd do that soon.
Tom said that he'd do that later.
Tom said that he'd do that in a couple of days.
Tom said that he'd do that if I wanted him to.
Tom said that he'd do that if I did.
Tom said that he'd do that if I did it, too.
Tom said that he'd do that himself.
Tom said that he'd do that for you.
Tom said that he'd do that for you if you asked him to.
Tom said that he'd do that for us.
Tom said that he'd do that for us if we asked him to.
Tom said that he'd do that for sure.
Tom said that he'd do that for me if I wanted him to.
Tom said that he'd do that for Mary.
Tom said that he'd do that for Mary this time.
Tom said that he'd do that for free.
Tom said that he'd do that for free if it didn't take longer than three hours.
Tom said that he'd do that by 2:30.
Tom said that he'd do that as well.
Tom said that he'd do that and he did.
Tom said he'd do that again.
Tom said that he'd do that again.
Tom said that he'd do that again, didn't he?
Tom said that he'd do it later.
Tom said he'd do it himself.
Tom said that he'd do it himself.
Tom said he'd do his homework right after dinner.
Tom said that he'd do his homework right after dinner.
Tom said he'd do his homework by himself.
Tom said that he'd do his homework by himself.
Tom said that he'd do his homework before dinner.
Tom said he'd do anything for you.
Tom said that he'd do anything for you.
Tom said that he'd do anything for Mary.
Tom said that he'd definitely win.
Tom said that he'd definitely do that.
Tom said that he'd definitely do that this week.
Tom said that he'd contact me, but he didn't.
Tom said that he'd consider my idea.
Tom said that he'd consider doing that.
Tom said that he'd complain.
Tom said that he'd come.
Tom said he'd come, but he never showed up.
Tom said that he'd come, but he never showed up.
Tom said he'd come tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd come tomorrow.
Tom said he'd come to the wedding.
Tom said that he'd come to the wedding.
Tom said he'd come over this evening.
Tom said that he'd come over this evening.
Tom said that he'd come every month on the twentieth.
Tom said that he'd come back later.
Tom said that he'd clean up this mess.
Tom said that he'd call you.
Tom said that he'd call tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd call me.
Tom said that he'd call me, but he hasn't yet.
Tom said that he'd call me right back.
Tom said that he'd call me back.
Tom said that he'd call Mary Monday evening.
Tom said he'd call Mary back.
Tom said that he'd call Mary back.
Tom said that he'd call at 2:30.
Tom said he'd buy what was needed.
Tom said that he'd buy what was needed.
Tom said that he'd buy that for you.
Tom said he'd buy something for Mary.
Tom said that he'd buy something for Mary.
Tom said he'd buy something for Mary to eat.
Tom said that he'd buy something for Mary to eat.
Tom said that he'd buy some stamps.
Tom said he'd buy it if I lowered the price to thirty dollars.
Tom said that he'd buy it if I lowered the price to thirty dollars.
Tom said he'd buy it if I lowered the price by thirty dollars.
Tom said that he'd buy it if I lowered the price by thirty dollars.
Tom said that he'd been spending a lot of time with Mary.
Tom said that he'd been offered three thousand dollars.
Tom said that he'd been offered $3,000.
Tom said he'd been asked a lot of questions.
Tom said that he'd been asked a lot of questions.
Tom said that he'd be willing to wait until 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be willing to try something new.
Tom said that he'd be willing to try anything once.
Tom said that he'd be willing to help Mary.
Tom said that he'd be willing to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he'd be willing to help if we needed help.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do this.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do the driving.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do the cooking.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that for you.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that for us.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do that for free.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do anything Mary asks him to do.
Tom said that he'd be willing to do anything for me.
Tom said that he'd be willing help us.
Tom said that he'd be willing do that.
Tom said that he'd be willing do that for free.
Tom said that he'd be thrilled to do that.
Tom said he'd be thirteen next month.
Tom said that he'd be thirteen next month.
Tom said that he'd be there tomorrow.
Tom said that he'd be the last one to do that.
Tom said that he'd be the first one to do that.
Tom said that he'd be tempted to do that.
Tom said that he'd be right over.
Tom said that he'd be right back.
Tom said that he'd be retiring next October.
Tom said he'd be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom said that he'd be ready to go by the time you get here.
Tom said that he'd be ready soon.
Tom said that he'd be leaving soon.
Tom said that he'd be interested in taking over Mary's job when she retires.
Tom said that he'd be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he'd be in his office all morning.
Tom said that he'd be in Boston next week.
Tom said that he'd be in Boston next Monday.
Tom said that he'd be in a meeting until 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be home this evening.
Tom said that he'd be home for dinner.
Tom said that he'd be here.
Tom said that he'd be here, but I can't find him.
Tom said that he'd be here tonight.
Tom said that he'd be here three hours ago, but he still hasn't gotten here.
Tom said that he'd be here in a few minutes.
Tom said that he'd be here by 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be happy to help.
Tom said that he'd be happy to do that.
Tom said that he'd be happy to answer our questions.
Tom said he'd be happy to answer any questions we had.
Tom said that he'd be happy to answer any questions we had.
Tom said he'd be going to Boston on business next month.
Tom said that he'd be going to Boston on business next month.
Tom said that he'd be going by train.
Tom said that he'd be going back to Boston right after the game.
Tom said that he'd be going back to Boston right after the concert.
Tom said that he'd be going back to Boston on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be glad to help.
Tom said that he'd be glad to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he'd be finished eating in a few minutes.
Tom said that he'd be embarrassed to do that.
Tom said that he'd be embarrassed to do that here.
Tom said he'd be driving to Boston on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be driving to Boston on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be doing that soon.
Tom said that he'd be disappointed if we couldn't come.
Tom said that he'd be coming back.
Tom said that he'd be busy until 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be busy on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be back.
Tom said that he'd be back the Monday after next.
Tom said that he'd be back right away.
Tom said that he'd be back on October 20th.
Tom said that he'd be back on Monday.
Tom said that he'd be back next Monday.
Tom said that he'd be back in October.
Tom said that he'd be back before the end of the week.
Tom said that he'd be back before 2:30.
Tom said that he'd be at this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that he'd be at the meeting.
Tom said that he'd be at school today.
Tom said that he'd be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he'd be afraid to do that by himself.
Tom said that he'd be afraid to do that alone.
Tom said that he'd be able to help us.
Tom said that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said that he'd be able to help us do that.
Tom said that he'd be able to help us do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that, but he wasn't able to.
Tom said he'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that without any help.
Tom said he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he'd be able to do that in a few hours.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that in a few hours.
Tom said that he'd be able to do that if Mary helped him.
Tom said that he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said he'd assumed that Mary would win.
Tom said he'd assumed that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to do that for you.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to do that for him.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary to buy that for you.
Tom said he'd ask Mary if she wanted him to help her do that.
Tom said that he'd ask Mary if she wanted him to help her do that.
Tom said that he'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he'd appreciate it if you wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he'd appreciate it if you could do that for him.
Tom said that he'd also help you do that.
Tom said that he'd almost given up.
Tom said that he writes his own speeches.
Tom said that he wouldn't win.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to try doing that without some help.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to live in Boston.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to do that by alone.
Tom said that he wouldn't want to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't walk home today.
Tom said that he wouldn't wait.
Tom said that he wouldn't wait for us.
Tom said that he wouldn't try to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't try to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't try to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't try doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't try doing that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't try doing that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't stay here with me.
Tom said that he wouldn't speak French.
Tom said that he wouldn't show me how to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't say anything.
Tom said that he wouldn't recommend doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't play tennis today.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind waiting for us.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind sleeping on the floor.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind if Mary did that.
Tom said that he wouldn't mind doing that for Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't like to do that here.
Tom said that he wouldn't like to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wouldn't like to do that alone.
Tom said that he wouldn't let that happen again.
Tom said that he wouldn't let it happen again.
Tom said that he wouldn't kiss Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't help, but Mary said she would.
Tom said that he wouldn't help me.
Tom said that he wouldn't help Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't help Mary do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't help Mary anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't have to do that alone.
Tom said that he wouldn't have to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't have gone to Mary's party even if she'd invited him.
Tom said that he wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't have enough time to do that today.
Tom said that he wouldn't have done that if he'd thought it wasn't necessary.
Tom said that he wouldn't go to that restaurant anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't forget that night.
Tom said that he wouldn't ever try to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't ever try doing that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't ever do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't eat at that restaurant anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't dream of letting Mary do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't dream of allowing Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't do what I wanted him to do.
Tom said that he wouldn't do what I asked him to do.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that, so I asked Mary to.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that voluntarily.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that until Monday.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that unless I helped him.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that today.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that for Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that anytime soon.
Tom said that he wouldn't do that again, but he did.
Tom said that he wouldn't do it.
Tom said that he wouldn't do it again.
Tom said that he wouldn't do anything about that.
Tom said that he wouldn't do anything about it.
Tom said that he wouldn't dance.
Tom said that he wouldn't buy any of Mary's paintings.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that without some help.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that for us.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that for me.
Tom said that he wouldn't be willing to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he wouldn't be there.
Tom said he wouldn't be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't be permitted to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said that he wouldn't be in Boston next week.
Tom said that he wouldn't be home for dinner.
Tom said that he wouldn't be here tomorrow.
Tom said that he wouldn't be gone long.
Tom said that he wouldn't be going anywhere else today.
Tom said that he wouldn't be back until Monday.
Tom said that he wouldn't be allowed to do that.
Tom said he wouldn't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wouldn't be allowed to do that again.
Tom said that he wouldn't be afraid to do that.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to help weed the garden today.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to go with us.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do what we asked him to do.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do that today.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to do that in three hours.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able to buy everything he needed for $300.
Tom said that he wouldn't be able do anytime soon.
Tom said that he wouldn't attend the meeting.
Tom said that he wouldn't agree to do that.
Tom said that he would've done that if he'd thought it was necessary.
Tom said that he would've done that if he'd known Mary wanted him to.
Tom said that he would've done that if he'd known he was supposed to.
Tom said that he would've done that if he'd known he had to.
Tom said that he would've done that if he could've.
Tom said that he would've done that by himself if he could've.
Tom said that he would've come to the party if he'd been invited.
Tom said that he would've come if we'd invited him.
Tom said that he would write to us.
Tom said that he would try.
Tom said that he would stop smoking.
Tom said that he would sort it out.
Tom said that he would leave on Monday.
Tom said that he would do what we asked.
Tom said that he would do that.
Tom said that he would do that for us.
Tom said that he would do that for me.
Tom said that he would do that again.
Tom said he would do that again if he ever got the chance to.
Tom said that he would do that again if he ever got the chance to.
Tom said that he would do it again.
Tom said that he would come to the party.
Tom said he would buy me anything I wanted.
Tom said that he would buy me anything I wanted.
Tom said that he would buy it.
Tom said that he would be OK with that.
Tom said that he would be at the meeting.
Tom said that he wondered why Mary hadn't done that.
Tom said that he wondered why Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he wondered why Mary did that.
Tom said that he wondered why Mary and I didn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I'd really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I really could take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I could take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered whether Mary and I could really take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I'd really be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I'd be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I really would be able to do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I really could take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I could take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he wondered if Mary and I could really take care of ourselves.
Tom said that he won't walk home today.
Tom said that he won't wait any longer.
Tom said that he won't visit Boston.
Tom said that he won't speak French.
Tom said that he won't sing tonight.
Tom said that he won't marry me.
Tom said that he won't help Mary anymore.
Tom said that he won't go to Boston.
Tom said that he won't go ashore.
Tom said that he won't forget that night.
Tom said that he won't ever do that.
Tom said that he won't ever do that again.
Tom said that he won't do that unless you help him.
Tom said that he won't do that unless I help him.
Tom said that he won't cry.
Tom said that he won't come to our party.
Tom said that he won't be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he won't be in Boston next week.
Tom said that he won't be buying anything today.
Tom said that he won't be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he won't attend the meeting.
Tom said that he won't agree to do that.
Tom said that he won.
Tom said that he won three hundred dollars.
Tom said that he wished to speak to you himself.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't go out after dark by yourself.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that by yourself.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that by yourself anymore.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said he wished that you wouldn't do that again.
Tom said he wished that you would do that.
Tom said he wished that you would do that for Mary.
Tom said he wished that you would do that for him.
Tom said he wished that you knew how to do that.
Tom said he wished that you could do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't go out after dark by herself.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that by herself.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that by herself anymore.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said he wished that Mary wouldn't do that again.
Tom said he wished that Mary would win.
Tom said he wished that Mary would eat healthier food.
Tom said he wished that Mary would do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary knew how to do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary hadn't convinced John to do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary hadn't convinced him to do that.
Tom said he wished that Mary could do that.
Tom said he wished that I was more like Mary.
Tom said he wished that he'd spent more money on the gift he'd given Mary.
Tom said he wished that he'd spent more money on the gift he bought for Mary.
Tom said he wished that he'd kissed Mary goodnight.
Tom said he wished that he'd kissed Mary goodbye.
Tom said he wished that he'd given Mary flowers.
Tom said he wished that he'd given flowers Mary.
Tom said he wished that he'd eaten more.
Tom said he wished that he'd eaten more for breakfast.
Tom said he wished that he were rich.
Tom said he wished that he were here with us.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't yelled at Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried to do that by himself.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried to convince Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried doing that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't tried doing that by himself.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary to try to convince John to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary to tell John to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd go to Boston with her.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he'd do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he was going to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary that he forgot to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary about what he'd done.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't told Mary about what he did.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't suggested to Mary that she do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't spent so much money.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't spent so much money on the gift he'd bought for Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't spanked his son so hard.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't seen Mary doing that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't played chess with Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't permitted Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't parked his car under that tree.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't parked his car in front of Mary's house.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't let Mary kiss him.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't let Mary drive.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't let Mary do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't left the windows open.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't left the door unlocked.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't left his windows unlocked.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't kissed Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't hit Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't had to do that by himself.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't gone to Mary's party.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't gone to Boston with Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't gone there.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't gone there with Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given Mary his phone number.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given Mary flowers.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given Mary any money.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given his phone number to Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given flowers to Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't given any money to Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to study for today's French test.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to lock the door.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to kiss Mary goodbye.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to do his homework.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to buy Mary a birthday present.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't forgotten to buy a birthday present for Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't eaten that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't eaten so much.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't drunk that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't drunk so much.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't done that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't done that by himself.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't convinced Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't bet on that horse.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't been there.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't been late.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't been late to Mary's party.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't asked Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't argued with Mary.
Tom said he wished that he hadn't allowed Mary to do that.
Tom said he wished that he could speak French better.
Tom said he wished that he could play the banjo as well as Mary.
Tom said he wished that he could figure out how to do that.
Tom said he wished that he could do that.
Tom said he wished that he could do that as well as Mary.
Tom said that he wished Mary would never leave.
Tom said he wished Mary and I'd behave ourselves.
Tom said he wished Mary and I wouldn't go out after dark by ourselves.
Tom said he wished Mary and I wouldn't do that by ourselves.
Tom said that he wished he knew how to do that.
Tom said that he wished he hadn't been so late.
Tom said that he wished he didn't have to do that.
Tom said that he went there for a job.
Tom said that he went swimming yesterday.
Tom said that he watched TV for three hours last night.
Tom said that he watched them tear down the house.
Tom said that he wasn't worried about that.
Tom said that he wasn't worried about Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to take that risk.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to help us.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to help us do that.
Tom said that he wasn't willing to do that for us.
Tom said that he wasn't used to this kind of weather.
Tom said that he wasn't used to this kind of hot weather.
Tom said that he wasn't used to this kind of cold weather.
Tom said that he wasn't the one who told Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't the least bit tired.
Tom said that he wasn't the least bit hungry.
Tom said that he wasn't surprised to hear that John and Mary had gotten married.
Tom said that he wasn't sure.
Tom said that he wasn't sure what to do.
Tom said that he wasn't sure what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said that he wasn't sure what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom said that he wasn't sure what he should do.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary should do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary needed to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure Mary could do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure if Mary could do that or not.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he's ready to do that.
Tom said he wasn't sure he was ready to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he was ready to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he wanted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he could do that.
Tom said that he wasn't sure he could do it.
Tom said that he wasn't so sure.
Tom said that he wasn't ready, but Mary said she was.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to talk.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to go home.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to go home yet.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to give up.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to give up yet.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to do that yet.
Tom said that he wasn't ready to become a father.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to stay.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to stay at an expensive hotel.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to go.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to go to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to go to Boston next week.
Tom said that he wasn't planning to go swimming tomorrow.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on staying at an expensive hotel.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on going.
Tom said that he wasn't planning on going swimming tomorrow.
Tom said that he wasn't permitted to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't overweight.
Tom said that he wasn't on the baseball team.
Tom said that he wasn't old enough to vote.
Tom said that he wasn't old enough to drive.
Tom said that he wasn't old enough to drink.
Tom said that he wasn't offered a job.
Tom said that he wasn't mad anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't looking forward to this afternoon's meeting.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to win.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to see Mary today.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to do that today.
Tom said that he wasn't likely to cry.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in that.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said that he wasn't interested in Mary, but he seemed to always be looking towards the side of the room where she was.
Tom said that he wasn't injured.
Tom said that he wasn't in the mood to do that today.
Tom said that he wasn't in pain.
Tom said that he wasn't in good enough shape to go mountain climbing.
Tom said that he wasn't in good enough shape to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't in Boston.
Tom said that he wasn't in Boston at that time.
Tom said that he wasn't having much fun.
Tom said that he wasn't having fun.
Tom said that he wasn't having a good time.
Tom said that he wasn't happy here.
Tom said that he wasn't happy here in Boston.
Tom said that he wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said that he wasn't good at French.
Tom said that he wasn't going to win.
Tom said that he wasn't going to wait for permission.
Tom said that he wasn't going to wait for Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't going to sign the contract.
Tom said that he wasn't going to sell the family farm.
Tom said that he wasn't going to protect me.
Tom said that he wasn't going to Mary's concert.
Tom said that he wasn't going to let you go.
Tom said that he wasn't going to let Mary drive.
Tom said that he wasn't going to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he wasn't going to John and Mary's wedding.
Tom said that he wasn't going to help us.
Tom said that he wasn't going to help us anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't going to go with us.
Tom said that he wasn't going to go shopping this afternoon.
Tom said that he wasn't going to get here until after 2:30.
Tom said that he wasn't going to get here until about 2:30.
Tom said that he wasn't going to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't going to Boston.
Tom said that he wasn't going to Boston next summer.
Tom said that he wasn't going to be there.
Tom said that he wasn't going to be at Mary's party.
Tom said that he wasn't going to answer any more questions.
Tom said that he wasn't going Mary's party.
Tom said that he wasn't going anywhere.
Tom said that he wasn't going anywhere today.
Tom said that he wasn't from Boston.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting to play in today's game.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting Mary's help.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting Mary to help him.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting Mary to be there.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting any help from you.
Tom said that he wasn't expecting any help from Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't exactly sure what to do.
Tom said that he wasn't even there that night.
Tom said that he wasn't convinced.
Tom said that he wasn't coming.
Tom said that he wasn't coming back.
Tom said that he wasn't Canadian.
Tom said that he wasn't being paid enough.
Tom said that he wasn't aware that Mary had done that.
Tom said that he wasn't aware of any problems.
Tom said that he wasn't at home.
Tom said that he wasn't at home last night.
Tom said that he wasn't angry anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't allowed to do that.
Tom said that he wasn't allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid of snakes.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid of Mary.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid of anyone.
Tom said that he wasn't afraid anymore.
Tom said that he wasn't able to do everything he'd planned to do.
Tom said that he wasn't able to do everything he'd planned on doing.
Tom said that he wasn't able to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom said that he wasn't a terrorist.
Tom said that he wasn't a good French speaker.
Tom said that he wasn't a good chess player.
Tom said that he was wounded.
Tom said that he was worried about the weather.
Tom said that he was worried about me.
Tom said that he was worried about Mary.
Tom said that he was worried about his daughter.
Tom said that he was worn out.
Tom said that he was working on something important.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary would do that or not.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary wanted to do that or not.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary needed to do that or not.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary had to do that or not.
Tom said that he was wondering whether Mary could do that or not.
Tom said that he was willing to wait.
Tom said that he was willing to wait until 2:30.
Tom said that he was willing to take that risk.
Tom said that he was willing to help us.
Tom said that he was willing to help us out.
Tom said that he was willing to help us do that.
Tom said that he was willing to help me do that.
Tom said that he was willing to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was willing to do whatever needed to be done.
Tom said that he was willing to do the driving.
Tom said that he was willing to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he was willing to do that for us.
Tom said he was willing to do that for me.
Tom said that he was willing to do that for me.
Tom said that he was willing to babysit our kids.
Tom said that he was willing to babysit our children.
Tom said he was well.
Tom said that he was well.
Tom said that he was waiting for something to happen.
Tom said that he was very unlikely win.
Tom said that he was very unlikely do that.
Tom said that he was very unlikely cry.
Tom said he was very hungry.
Tom said that he was very happy with the results.
Tom said he was very happy here.
Tom said that he was very happy here.
Tom said that he was very grateful for your help.
Tom said that he was very concerned about what might happen.
Tom said he was very busy.
Tom said he was very busy this week.
Tom said that he was very busy this week.
Tom said that he was utterly exhausted.
Tom said that he was unwilling to do that.
Tom said he was unlucky.
Tom said that he was unlikely win.
Tom said that he was unlikely do that.
Tom said he was unimpressed.
Tom said he was unhurt.
Tom said that he was unhurt.
Tom said he was unemployed.
Tom said he was under a lot of pressure.
Tom said that he was under a lot of pressure.
Tom said he was unconvinced.
Tom said he was unbiased.
Tom said that he was unaware of any problems.
Tom said he was unafraid.
Tom said that he was unable to win.
Tom said that he was unable to do that.
Tom said that he was unable to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom said that he was unable to do everything he had planned to do.
Tom said that he was trying to stay awake.
Tom said he was trying to lose weight.
Tom said that he was trying to lose weight.
Tom said that he was trying to learn how to play the oboe.
Tom said that he was trying to figure something out.
Tom said that he was trying to be optimistic.
Tom said that he was trying to be careful.
Tom said that he was tricked into doing that.
Tom said that he was too young to vote.
Tom said that he was too young to drive.
Tom said that he was too young to drink.
Tom said that he was too young to do that.
Tom said that he was too weak to do that.
Tom said that he was too tired to help you do that.
Tom said that he was too tired to help us today.
Tom said that he was too tired to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was too tired to go any further.
Tom said that he was too tired to do that.
Tom said that he was too tired to do any more.
Tom said that he was too tired to dance.
Tom said that he was too stupid to do that.
Tom said that he was too sleepy to do that.
Tom said that he was too shy to do that.
Tom said that he was too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom said that he was too out of shape to go hiking with us.
Tom said that he was too out of shape to do that.
Tom said that he was too old to go mountain climbing.
Tom said that he was too old to do that.
Tom said that he was too lazy to do that.
Tom said that he was too drunk to help me do that.
Tom said that he was too drunk to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was too drunk to do that.
Tom said that he was too busy to help.
Tom said that he was too busy to help me do that.
Tom said that he was too busy to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he was too busy to do that.
Tom said that he was told to do that.
Tom said that he was told to do that by himself.
Tom said that he was told to do that again.
Tom said that he was told not to do that anymore.
Tom said that he was told not to do that again.
Tom said that he was told not do that.
Tom said that he was tired of waiting.
Tom said that he was tired of losing.
Tom said that he was tired of giving speeches.
Tom said that he was tired of doing that.
Tom said that he was tired and wanted to go home.
Tom said that he was tired and wanted to go home early.
Tom said he was ticklish.
Tom said that he was thrilled to be back.
Tom said that he was three months behind on alimony.
Tom said that he was thirty.
Tom said he was thinking about taking a vacation.
Tom said that he was thinking about taking a vacation.
Tom said that he was thinking about doing that.
Tom said that he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said that he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said that he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said that he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said that he was the only one who got here on time.
Tom said that he was the only one who did that.
Tom said that he was the one who was driving the car.
Tom said that he was the one who did that.
Tom said he was the one responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that he was the one responsible for what had happened.
Tom said that he was thankful for the chance to do that.
Tom said that he was terrified of snakes.
Tom said he was tempted to do that.
Tom said that he was talking to Mary when the lights went out.
Tom said that he was taking Mary to the prom.
Tom said he was sympathetic.
Tom said he was suspicious.
Tom said that he was sure that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said that he was sure that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he was sure he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he was supportive.
Tom said that he was supportive.
Tom said he was studying to be a doctor.
Tom said that he was studying to be a doctor.
Tom said he was studying French now.
Tom said that he was studying French now.
Tom said that he was stranded on a desert island for three years.
Tom said that he was still not very good at doing that.
Tom said he was still afraid.
Tom said that he was still afraid.
Tom said that he was starving.
Tom said he was starved.
Tom said that he was starting to get very dizzy.
Tom said that he was starting to get tired.
Tom said that he was starting to feel dizzy.
Tom said he was starting to feel desperate.
Tom said that he was starting to feel desperate.
Tom said that he was sorry that he couldn't help me.
Tom said that he was sorry for what he did.
Tom said that he was sorry for last night.
Tom said that he was somewhat confused.
Tom said that he was so full he had no room left for dessert.
Tom said he was skeptical.
Tom said that he was sick of doing that.
Tom said he was safe.
Tom said that he was retiring.
Tom said he was retired.
Tom said he was reluctant to do that.
Tom said he was reluctant to do that for us.
Tom said that he was reluctant to do that for us.
Tom said he was reluctant to do that for me.
Tom said that he was reluctant to do that for me.
Tom said he was really sorry for what happened.
Tom said that he was really sorry for what happened.
Tom said he was really glad you were able to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad you were able to do that.
Tom said he was really glad you were able do that.
Tom said that he was really glad you were able do that.
Tom said he was really glad you didn't do that.
Tom said that he was really glad you didn't do that.
Tom said he was really glad you did that.
Tom said that he was really glad you did that.
Tom said he was really glad you could do that.
Tom said that he was really glad you could do that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary was able to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary was able to do that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary was able do that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary was able do that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary moved to Boston.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary moved to Boston.
Tom said he was really glad Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary did that.
Tom said he was really glad Mary could do that.
Tom said that he was really glad Mary could do that.
Tom said he was really glad he'd done that.
Tom said that he was really glad he'd done that.
Tom said he was really glad he'd been asked to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he'd been asked to do that.
Tom said he was really glad he was able to do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he was able to do that.
Tom said he was really glad he was able do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he was able do that.
Tom said he was really glad he didn't do that.
Tom said he was really glad he did that.
Tom said he was really glad he could do that.
Tom said that he was really glad he could do that.
Tom said that he was ready to talk.
Tom said he was ready to help.
Tom said that he was ready to help.
Tom said that he was ready to face a tough challenge.
Tom said that he was ready to do whatever was necessary.
Tom said he was ready to do whatever it took.
Tom said that he was ready to do whatever it took.
Tom said he was ready to defend himself.
Tom said that he was ready to defend himself.
Tom said he was puzzled.
Tom said that he was pretty sure that you wouldn't win.
Tom said that he was pretty sure that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he was pretty sure that you would do that.
Tom said that he was present at yesterday's meeting.
Tom said he was prepared.
Tom said he was pleased.
Tom said he was pleased with the results.
Tom said that he was pleased with the results.
Tom said that he was planning to wear a black tuxedo.
Tom said that he was planning to stay in Boston next summer.
Tom said he was planning to stay at home all day.
Tom said he was planning on staying at home all day.
Tom said that he was planning to hitchhike to Boston.
Tom said he was planning to go, too.
Tom said he was planning on going, too.
Tom said that he was planning to go to Boston next summer.
Tom said he was planning to get drunk tonight.
Tom said that he was planning to get drunk tonight.
Tom said he was planning to do that.
Tom said he was planning on doing that.
Tom said that he was planning to do that in Boston next summer.
Tom said that he was planning on visiting an old girlfriend in Boston.
Tom said that he was planning on staying in Boston next summer.
Tom said that he was planning on going to Boston next summer.
Tom said that he was planning on doing that in Boston next summer.
Tom said he was pessimistic.
Tom said that he was pessimistic.
Tom said that he was over thirty.
Tom said he was optimistic.
Tom said that he was mugged by three men.
Tom said he was motivated to do that.
Tom said he was lucky.
Tom said that he was looking forward to doing that.
Tom said that he was looking forward to coming to visit us.
Tom said he was looking forward to being retired.
Tom said that he was looking forward to being retired.
Tom said that he was looking for you.
Tom said that he was looking for volunteers.
Tom said that he was looking for someone who speaks French.
Tom said that he was looking for more volunteers.
Tom said that he was looking for help.
Tom said that he was looking for a volunteer.
Tom said that he was looking for a place to eat.
Tom said that he was looking for a job in Boston.
Tom said that he was looking for a guy wearing a hat.
Tom said that he was living in Boston at the time.
Tom said that he was kidnapped when he was thirteen.
Tom said that he was just too tired to do anything else.
Tom said that he was just interested in helping Mary.
Tom said that he was just about to do that.
Tom said that he was just about ready to do that.
Tom said he was jealous.
Tom said he was interested in doing that.
Tom said that he was interested in buying a farm.
Tom said he was innocent.
Tom said that he was in no rush to do that.
Tom said he was in no hurry to leave.
Tom said that he was in no hurry to leave.
Tom said that he was in no hurry to go home.
Tom said he was in no hurry to get home.
Tom said that he was in no hurry to get home.
Tom said that he was in no hurry to do that.
Tom said that he was in love with you.
Tom said that he was in his office all day.
Tom said that he was in Boston.
Tom said he was in Boston now.
Tom said that he was in Boston now.
Tom said that he was hungry enough to eat anything.
Tom said he was hoping you'd win.
Tom said that he was hoping to see you.
Tom said that he was hoping to get home before it started raining.
Tom said he was hoping that you'd win.
Tom said he was hoping that you would do that.
Tom said he was hoping that you could do that.
Tom said he was hoping that you could do that with Mary.
Tom said he was hoping that you could do that with him.
Tom said he was hoping that would happen.
Tom said that he was hoping that would happen.
Tom said he was hoping that we'd do that.
Tom said he was hoping that we could travel together.
Tom said he was hoping that we could sing together.
Tom said he was hoping that we could eat together.
Tom said he was hoping that we could do that together.
Tom said he was hoping that he could help Mary do that.
Tom said he was hoping that he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said he was hoping that he and Mary could travel together.
Tom said he was hoping that he and Mary could sing together.
Tom said he was hoping that he and Mary could eat together.
Tom said he was hoping that he and Mary could do that together.
Tom said that he was hoping he could help Mary.
Tom said that he was home in bed with the flu.
Tom said he was hesitant to do that.
Tom said he was heartbroken.
Tom said he was healthy.
Tom said that he was heading to the airport.
Tom said that he was having second thoughts.
Tom said that he was having problems with Mary.
Tom said that he was having fun.
Tom said that he was having fun, too.
Tom said that he was having dinner with Mary tonight.
Tom said that he was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom said that he was having a good time.
Tom said that he was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said that he was having a bad day.
Tom said that he was happy to see you.
Tom said that he was happy to do that.
Tom said that he was happy to be of assistance.
Tom said he was happy that you didn't do that.
Tom said that he was happy that you didn't do that.
Tom said he was happy that you did that.
Tom said that he was happy that you did that.
Tom said he was happy that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he was happy that Mary didn't do that.
Tom said he was happy that Mary did that.
Tom said that he was happy that Mary did that.
Tom said he was happy that he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was happy that he didn't do that.
Tom said that he was happy here.
Tom said that he was happy he got there early.
Tom said that he was happy he did that.
Tom said he was grateful.
Tom said that he was grateful to be here.
Tom said that he was grateful for what you did.
Tom said that he was good at speaking French.
Tom said that he was good at French.
Tom said that he was going to write a letter to Mary.
Tom said that he was going to work.
Tom said that he was going to win.
Tom said that he was going to try to help us.
Tom said that he was going to try out for his school soccer team.
Tom said that he was going to talk to me later.
Tom said that he was going to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he was going to talk to Mary about that.
Tom said that he was going to take that risk.
Tom said that he was going to take a bath.
Tom said that he was going to study French.
Tom said that he was going to stay up all night.
Tom said that he was going to stay up all night long.
Tom said that he was going to quit.
Tom said that he was going to permit us to do that.
Tom said that he was going to permit Mary to do that.
Tom said that he was going to need a little more money.
Tom said that he was going to lie down for a moment.
Tom said that he was going to let us do that.
Tom said that he was going to let Mary win.
Tom said that he was going to let Mary drive.
Tom said that he was going to let Mary do that.
Tom said that he was going to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he was going to kill Mary's dog.
Tom said that he was going to kill Mary.
Tom said that he was going to help.
Tom said that he was going to help us do that.
Tom said that he was going to help Mary.
Tom said that he was going to have fish for dinner tonight.
Tom said that he was going to go yesterday.
Tom said that he was going to go to Boston.
Tom said that he was going to go to Boston to see Mary.
Tom said that he was going to go to Boston and see if he could find a job there.
Tom said that he was going to go the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
Tom said that he was going to go see Mary.
Tom said that he was going to go back to sleep.
Tom said that he was going to give it back.
Tom said that he was going to eat fish for dinner tonight.
Tom said that he was going to do that yesterday.
Tom said that he was going to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he was going to do that the day before yesterday, but he didn't have time.
Tom said that he was going to do that himself.
Tom said that he was going to do that for me.
Tom said that he was going to do that for Mary.
Tom said that he was going to do that every day after he retired.
Tom said that he was going to do that by himself.
Tom said that he was going to do that anyway.
Tom said that he was going to catch the 2:30 train.
Tom said that he was going to call the police.
Tom said that he was going to Boston.
Tom said that he was going to be in Boston for another week.
Tom said that he was going to be here.
Tom said that he was going to Australia.
Tom said he was going to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Tom said that he was going to attend tomorrow's meeting.
Tom said that he was going to ask Mary to leave.
Tom said that he was going to ask Mary to do that.
Tom said that he was going to ask Mary to do that for him.
Tom said that he was going to allow us to do that.
Tom said that he was going to allow Mary to do that.
Tom said that he was going hunting.
Tom said that he was going back home.
Tom said he was glad you'd done that.
Tom said that he was glad you'd done that.
Tom said he was glad you weren't injured.
Tom said that he was glad you weren't injured.
Tom said he was glad you weren't hurt.
Tom said that he was glad you weren't hurt.
Tom said he was glad you were able to go yesterday.
Tom said that he was glad you were able to go yesterday.
Tom said he was glad you were able to do that.
Tom said that he was glad you were able to do that.
Tom said he was glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Tom said that he was glad you were able to do that yesterday.
Tom said he was glad you were able to do that when you were in Boston.
Tom said that he was glad you were able to do that when you were in Boston.
Tom said he was glad you didn't do that.
Tom said that he was glad you didn't do that.
Tom said he was glad you did that.
Tom said that he was glad you did that.
Tom said he was glad you did that for Mary.
Tom said he was glad you did that for him.
Tom said he was glad you could do that.
Tom said that he was glad you could do that.
Tom said that he was glad to see you.
Tom said he was glad to help.
Tom said that he was glad to help.
Tom said that he was glad to be here.
Tom said that he was glad that you did that.
Tom said he was glad that that was going to happen.
Tom said he was glad Mary was able to do that.
Tom said that he was glad Mary was able to do that.
Tom said he was glad Mary had done that.
Tom said that he was glad Mary had done that.
Tom said he was glad Mary got there early.
Tom said that he was glad Mary got there early.
Tom said he was glad Mary could do that.
Tom said that he was glad Mary could do that.
Tom said he was glad he'd done that.
Tom said that he was glad he'd done that.
Tom said he was glad he'd been asked to do that.
Tom said that he was glad he'd been asked to do that.
Tom said he was glad he was able to do that.
Tom said that he was glad he was able to do that.
Tom said that he was glad he got there early.
Tom said he was glad he could do that.
Tom said that he was glad he could do that.
Tom said that he was getting tired.
Tom said that he was getting sleepy.
Tom said that he was getting hungry.
Tom said that he was getting drowsy.
Tom said he was furious.
Tom said that he was from Boston.
Tom said that he was from Australia.
Tom said he was frightened.
Tom said that he was forced to do that.
Tom said that he was finished.
Tom said he was fine.
Tom said that he was feeling thirsty.
Tom said that he was feeling pretty good.
Tom said that he was feeling nervous.
Tom said that he was feeling hungry.
Tom said that he was feeling great.
Tom said he was feeling fine.
Tom said that he was feeling fine.
Tom said that he was feeling confident.
Tom said he was feeling better now.
Tom said that he was feeling better now.
Tom said that he was feeling bad.
Tom said that he was extremely tired.
Tom said that he was expecting something bad to happen.
Tom said that he was expecting Mary any minute now.
Tom said he was excused from doing that.
Tom said that he was excused from doing that.
Tom said he was excited.
Tom said that he was enjoying the party.
Tom said that he was enjoying himself in Boston.
Tom said he was embarrassed.
Tom said that he was eager to do that.
Tom said that he was dying.
Tom said that he was dying to meet Mary.
Tom said he was done.
Tom said that he was done, too.
Tom said that he was done for the day.
Tom said he was doing that now.
Tom said that he was doing that now.
Tom said he was doing just fine.
Tom said that he was doing just fine.
Tom said that he was doing fine.
Tom said that he was dog-tired.
Tom said he was displeased.
Tom said that he was displeased.
Tom said that he was disoriented.
Tom said he was discouraged.
Tom said that he was determined to win.
Tom said that he was determined to find out why that happened.
Tom said that he was determined to find out what happened.
Tom said he was determined to do that for us.
Tom said that he was determined to do that for us.
Tom said that he was determined not to do that.
Tom said he was desperate.
Tom said that he was desperate to find a solution.
Tom said he was desperate to do that.
Tom said that he was desperate to do that.
Tom said he was depressed.
Tom said that he was delighted to do that.
Tom said he was curious.
Tom said that he was curious about that.
Tom said he was concerned.
Tom said that he was concerned about the problem.
Tom said that he was concerned about that problem.
Tom said that he was completely exhausted.
Tom said that he was completely baffled.
Tom said that he was coming here after work.
Tom said that he was coming back.
Tom said he was cold.
Tom said that he was Canadian.
Tom said that he was calling from his cell phone.
Tom said he was broke.
Tom said he was aware of the situation.
Tom said that he was aware of the situation.
Tom said that he was at your house yesterday afternoon.
Tom said that he was at school.
Tom said that he was at home.
Tom said that he was at home yesterday.
Tom said that he was at home on the night of the murder.
Tom said that he was at his parents' house.
Tom said that he was asked to leave.
Tom said that he was asked to help.
Tom said that he was asked to do that.
Tom said that he was asked to do that again.
Tom said that he was asked not to do that.
Tom said that he was asked not to do that anymore.
Tom said that he was asked not to do that again.
Tom said he was annoyed.
Tom said that he was an artist.
Tom said that he was almost ready to do that.
Tom said that he was afraid to go there.
Tom said that he was afraid to fly.
Tom said he was afraid to do that.
Tom said that he was afraid to do that.
Tom said that he was afraid to do that by himself.
Tom said that he was afraid to do that alone.
Tom said that he was afraid of snakes.
Tom said he was afraid of heights.
Tom said that he was afraid of heights.
Tom said he was afraid Mary would laugh at him.
Tom said he Tom was afraid that Mary would laugh at him.
Tom said that he was aching all over.
Tom said that he was able to do everything he'd planned to do.
Tom said that he was able to do everything he wanted to do.
Tom said that he was able to do everything he needed to do.
Tom said that he was able to do everything he had to do.
Tom said that he was a new student.
Tom said that he was a businessman.
Tom said that he wants you to stop doing that.
Tom said that he wants to write a book.
Tom said that he wants to win.
Tom said that he wants to talk to you.
Tom said that he wants to study French.
Tom said that he wants to stay at home all day.
Tom said that he wants to spend more time with Mary.
Tom said that he wants to sell his house.
Tom said that he wants to retire.
Tom said that he wants to meet you.
Tom said that he wants to join our band.
Tom said that he wants to go.
Tom said that he wants to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wants to do everything by himself.
Tom said that he wants to die.
Tom said that he wants to change that.
Tom said that he wants to buy either flowers or candy for Mary.
Tom said that he wants to buy a yacht.
Tom said that he wants to be your friend.
Tom said that he wants to be an architect.
Tom said that he wants to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
Tom said that he wants to be a teacher.
Tom said that he wants to be a mechanic.
Tom said that he wants to be a lawyer.
Tom said that he wants to be a fire fighter.
Tom said he wants his money back.
Tom said that he wants his money back.
Tom said that he wants go back to Boston someday.
Tom said that he wanted us to be here by 2:30 on Monday.
Tom said he wanted us to be back here by 2:30 on Monday.
Tom said that he wanted us to be back here by 2:30 on Monday.
Tom said that he wanted to write a book.
Tom said that he wanted to win.
Tom said that he wanted to watch a little TV.
Tom said that he wanted to visit Mary in the hospital.
Tom said that he wanted to visit Mary in Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to try to win.
Tom said that he wanted to try to swim across this river.
Tom said that he wanted to try to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to try to do that again.
Tom said that he wanted to try riding a unicycle.
Tom said that he wanted to try doing that again.
Tom said that he wanted to tell you how to do that, but Mary told him not to.
Tom said that he wanted to talk.
Tom said that he wanted to talk to you. Is that why you're here now?
Tom said that he wanted to talk to me.
Tom said that he wanted to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to take some pictures of us.
Tom said that he wanted to take an afternoon nap.
Tom said that he wanted to take a nap.
Tom said that he wanted to study French.
Tom said that he wanted to stick around for a couple of more days.
Tom said that he wanted to stay home.
Tom said that he wanted to stay home this weekend.
Tom said that he wanted to stay at home all day.
Tom said that he wanted to stay a little longer.
Tom said that he wanted to spend some time by himself.
Tom said that he wanted to spend some time alone.
Tom said that he wanted to spend more time with Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to sit somewhere else.
Tom said that he wanted to show what he'd made to Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to see us before we left.
Tom said that he wanted to see Mary win.
Tom said that he wanted to see Mary do that.
Tom said that he wanted to see if Mary could do that.
Tom said that he wanted to see if he could swim to that island.
Tom said that he wanted to see if he could do that.
Tom said he wanted to retire.
Tom said that he wanted to retire.
Tom said that he wanted to replace the drummer in his band.
Tom said that he wanted to relax a little bit.
Tom said that he wanted to quit the band.
Tom said that he wanted to play.
Tom said that he wanted to play poker with us.
Tom said that he wanted to play golf with Mary.
Tom said he wanted to meet you.
Tom said that he wanted to meet you.
Tom said that he wanted to meet Mary's family.
Tom said that he wanted to marry me.
Tom said that he wanted to marry Mary.
Tom said he wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistakes he did.
Tom said that he wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistakes he did.
Tom said that he wanted to make sure we didn't make the same mistake he did.
Tom said that he wanted to make sure that that doesn't happen again.
Tom said that he wanted to make sure Mary knew what she was supposed to do.
Tom said that he wanted to live in a French-speaking country.
Tom said that he wanted to leave.
Tom said that he wanted to leave early.
Tom said that he wanted to leave early today.
Tom said that he wanted to leave Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to learn more about Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to learn how to windsurf.
Tom said that he wanted to learn how to tie a square knot.
Tom said that he wanted to learn how to sail a boat.
Tom said he wanted to know why you aren't working here anymore.
Tom said that he wanted to know whether you plan to come to his party or not.
Tom said he wanted to know when we're going to come over and help him.
Tom said that he wanted to know when we're going to come over and help him.
Tom said that he wanted to know if you're planning on going to Boston with him next weekend.
Tom said that he wanted to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to kill himself.
Tom said that he wanted to join our band.
Tom said that he wanted to improve his French.
Tom said that he wanted to hire someone with experience.
Tom said that he wanted to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said that he wanted to help.
Tom said that he wanted to help us do that.
Tom said that he wanted to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he wanted to hear the truth.
Tom said that he wanted to go.
Tom said that he wanted to go to the zoo.
Tom said that he wanted to go to the zoo with Mary on their next date.
Tom said that he wanted to go to the beach.
Tom said that he wanted to go to business school.
Tom said that he wanted to go to Boston.
Tom said that he wanted to go to Boston to visit Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to go to bed.
Tom said that he wanted to go swimming.
Tom said that he wanted to go swimming with us.
Tom said that he wanted to go shopping.
Tom said that he wanted to go sailing.
Tom said that he wanted to go home.
Tom said that he wanted to go home early today.
Tom said that he wanted to go home and eat dinner with his wife.
Tom said that he wanted to go camping with us.
Tom said that he wanted to give you something.
Tom said that he wanted to give Mary another chance to do that.
Tom said he wanted to give Mary a chance to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to give Mary a chance to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to get some sleep.
Tom said that he wanted to get out of town for a while.
Tom said that he wanted to get divorced.
Tom said that he wanted to finish what he was doing.
Tom said that he wanted to find an apartment close to where he works.
Tom said that he wanted to find a place to live close to where he works.
Tom said that he wanted to eat the fish and chips.
Tom said that he wanted to eat Chinese food.
Tom said that he wanted to eat breakfast in bed.
Tom said that he wanted to dye his hair black.
Tom said that he wanted to drop in on some old friends while he was in Boston.
Tom said he wanted to drink some milk.
Tom said that he wanted to drink some milk.
Tom said that he wanted to do that right away.
Tom said that he wanted to do that by himself.
Tom said that he wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he wanted to do something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom said that he wanted to do something he'd never done before.
Tom said that he wanted to do something else.
Tom said that he wanted to do more.
Tom said that he wanted to do it by himself.
Tom said that he wanted to do everything by himself.
Tom said that he wanted to die.
Tom said that he wanted to cry.
Tom said that he wanted to change out of his wet clothes into something dry.
Tom said that he wanted to change his plans.
Tom said that he wanted to call his lawyer.
Tom said that he wanted to buy something to eat.
Tom said that he wanted to buy something cheaper.
Tom said that he wanted to buy some soap.
Tom said that he wanted to buy one of Mary's paintings.
Tom said he wanted to buy either flowers or candy for Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to buy either flowers or candy for Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to buy another car.
Tom said that he wanted to buy an alarm clock.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a weathervane.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a toolbox.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a sleeping bag.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a skateboard.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a horse.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a fishing pole.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a few things.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a drum set.
Tom said that he wanted to buy a couple of sleeping bags.
Tom said that he wanted to borrow a few books.
Tom said that he wanted to be your friend.
Tom said that he wanted to be there before 2:30.
Tom said that he wanted to be the one who did that.
Tom said he wanted to be the one to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to be the one to do that.
Tom said that he wanted to be ready by 2:30.
Tom said that he wanted to be here.
Tom said that he wanted to be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said that he wanted to be early.
Tom said that he wanted to be cooperative.
Tom said that he wanted to be an electrical engineer.
Tom said that he wanted to be an architect.
Tom said that he wanted to be alone, and then went up to his room.
Tom said he wanted to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
Tom said that he wanted to be able to speak French like a native speaker.
Tom said that he wanted to be a teacher.
Tom said that he wanted to be a dentist.
Tom said that he wanted to bake a cake for Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to ask me a personal question.
Tom said that he wanted something to eat.
Tom said that he wanted something hot to drink.
Tom said that he wanted something else to eat.
Tom said that he wanted something cold to drink.
Tom said that he wanted some company.
Tom said he wanted revenge.
Tom said that he wanted revenge.
Tom said that he wanted my help.
Tom said that he wanted more details.
Tom said that he wanted me to teach him how to drive.
Tom said that he wanted me to teach him how to do that.
Tom said that he wanted me to talk you out of doing that.
Tom said that he wanted me to stop.
Tom said that he wanted me to spend the summer in Boston with him.
Tom said that he wanted me to show him how to do that.
Tom said that he wanted me to help him tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted me to help him paint his garage tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted me to do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted me to be here tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted me to be at the meeting this afternoon.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to win.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to show John how to do that.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to show him how to do that.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to help him do that.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to eat lunch with him.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to do that.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to do that for him.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to do that by herself.
Tom said that he wanted Mary to be happy.
Tom said that he wanted answers.
Tom said that he wanted a second opinion.
Tom said that he wanted a picture of me.
Tom said that he wanted a new car.
Tom said that he wanted a little bit more privacy.
Tom said that he wanted a lawyer.
Tom said that he wanted a good job.
Tom said that he wanted a better job.
Tom said he walked three miles yesterday.
Tom said that he walked three miles yesterday.
Tom said that he walked home.
Tom said that he walked home yesterday.
Tom said that he walked home by himself.
Tom said he waited for a long time, but Mary never showed up.
Tom said that he waited for a long time, but Mary never showed up.
Tom said that he usually goes to Boston three times a month.
Tom said that he used to go to Boston three times a month.
Tom said that he understood.
Tom said that he understood why Mary didn't want to do that.
Tom said that he understood what needed to be done.
Tom said that he understood how you were feeling.
Tom said that he understood French.
Tom said that he understands why Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said that he understands why Mary may not want to do that.
Tom said that he understands why Mary doesn't want to do that.
Tom said that he understands our concern.
Tom said that he tries to be optimistic.
Tom said that he tried very hard to win.
Tom said that he tried to win.
Tom said that he tried to kiss Mary.
Tom said that he tried to help Mary.
Tom said that he tried to help Mary with her homework.
Tom said that he tried to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he tried to go the day before yesterday.
Tom said that he tried to do that.
Tom said that he tried to do that the day before yesterday.
Tom said that he tried to do that once.
Tom said that he tried to do that by himself.
Tom said that he tried to cheer Mary up.
Tom said that he tried doing that once himself.
Tom said that he told you.
Tom said that he told Mary to do that.
Tom said that he thought you'd win.
Tom said he thought you knew Mary.
Tom said that he thought you knew Mary.
Tom said that he thought we shouldn't go to Mary's party.
Tom said that he thought we should try to get there early.
Tom said that he thought we might have a problem.
Tom said he thought we could win.
Tom said he thought we could do that.
Tom said he thought there was no need to hurry.
Tom said he thought that there was no need to hurry.
Tom said he didn't think there was any need to hurry.
Tom said he didn't think that there was any need to hurry.
Tom said that he thought there was a good chance that it would snow.
Tom said that he thought the pilot was drunk.
Tom said he thought that you wouldn't win.
Tom said he thought that you wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he thought that you wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought that you wouldn't cry.
Tom said he thought that you would want to do that.
Tom said he thought that you would do that.
Tom said he thought that you should do that.
Tom said he thought that you said you didn't know how to do that.
Tom said he thought that you could take care of yourself.
Tom said he thought that you could help us today.
Tom said he thought that you could do that.
Tom said that he thought that would probably not happen.
Tom said that he thought that would probably never happen.
Tom said that he thought that would embarrass Mary.
Tom said he thought that we'd need to wait until 2:30.
Tom said he thought that those shoes were too expensive.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would want to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought that there was a good chance that Mary won't do that.
Tom said he thought that there was a chance that Mary would win.
Tom said he thought that there was a chance that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought that the statue weighed about 300 pounds.
Tom said he thought that the room was too small.
Tom said he thought that the room was too hot.
Tom said he thought that the room was too cold.
Tom said that he thought that pair of shoes were too expensive.
Tom said he thought that my jokes were funny.
Tom said he thought that Mary's suggestion was good.
Tom said he thought that Mary's suggestion was a good one.
Tom said he thought that Mary's suggestion was a good idea.
Tom said he thought that Mary's punishment was appropriate.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't win.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't need to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't like to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't forget to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be surprised.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be scared.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be doing that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wouldn't be able to convince John to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would win.
Tom said he thought that Mary would want to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would unlikely want to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would unlikely do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would probably do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would probably be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would need to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would need at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would need at least $300 to buy everything she needed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would likely win.
Tom said he thought that Mary would likely not win.
Tom said he thought that Mary would likely not cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary would likely do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would like to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would have to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would forget to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be worried.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be willing to wait.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be willing to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be upset if he did that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be too busy to help.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be tired.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be through doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be the next one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be the last one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be the first one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be tempted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be sympathetic.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be suspicious.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be surprised.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be sleepy.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be sleeping when he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be sleeping by the time he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be shy.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be scared.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be reluctant to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be reasonable.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be ready.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be ready to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be punctual.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be nervous.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be nervous doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be motivated to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be lonely.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be late.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be jealous.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be interested.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be in her office.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be in Boston for three weeks.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be impressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be hungry.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be hesitant to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be here.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be heartbroken.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be happy to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be grouchy.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be gone by the time we got there.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be glad to see him.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be frightened by that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be finished doing that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be exhausted.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be embarrassed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be early.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be doing that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be doing that later this afternoon.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be discouraged.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be desperate to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be depressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be cooperative.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be cold.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be careful.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be bored if we did that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be back by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be awake when he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be at today's meeting.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be asleep when he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be asleep by the time he got home.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be amused when she heard about what John had done.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be alone.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be afraid.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be absent.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to win.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to help him.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to help him do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to help him do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to do that without any help.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to do that on her own.
Tom said he thought that Mary would be able to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't worried.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't very happy.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't very good at speaking French.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't very good at French.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't tired.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't through doing that yet.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't sleepy.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't sleeping.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't ready to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't pretty.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said that he thought that Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't interested in sports.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't in her office.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't hungry.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't here.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't having fun.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't having any fun.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't happy.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't good at speaking French.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't good at French.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to win.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to be here today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't going to be doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't finished doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't finished doing that yet.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't busy.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't busy today.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't bored.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't awake.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't at home.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't asleep.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't as cooperative as she should've been.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't angry.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't alone.
Tom said he thought that Mary wasn't afraid.
Tom said he thought that Mary was worried.
Tom said he thought that Mary was upset.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unlikely to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unlikely to cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unimpressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary was unhappy.
Tom said he thought that Mary was too slow.
Tom said he thought that Mary was too old to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was through doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the last one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the first one to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the best singer in his class.
Tom said he thought that Mary was the best player on the team.
Tom said he thought that Mary was terrified.
Tom said he thought that Mary was suspicious.
Tom said he thought that Mary was surprised.
Tom said he thought that Mary was still living in Boston.
Tom said he thought that Mary was still awake.
Tom said he thought that Mary was sleepy.
Tom said he thought that Mary was sleeping.
Tom said he thought that Mary was scared.
Tom said he thought that Mary was right.
Tom said he thought that Mary was ready.
Tom said he thought that Mary was ready to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was probably not having any fun doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was probably having a good time in Boston.
Tom said he thought that Mary was pretty.
Tom said he thought that Mary was planning to go to Boston with him.
Tom said he thought that Mary was planning on going to Boston with him.
Tom said he thought that Mary was outside.
Tom said he thought that Mary was outside waiting for you.
Tom said he thought that Mary was nervous.
Tom said he thought that Mary was mistaken.
Tom said he thought that Mary was mad at him.
Tom said he thought that Mary was lonely.
Tom said he thought that Mary was likely to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was likely to cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary was jealous.
Tom said he thought that Mary was interested.
Tom said he thought that Mary was interested in doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was interested in basketball.
Tom said he thought that Mary was innocent.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in the library.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in no rush to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her room studying.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her room sleeping.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her room reading a book.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her room listening to music.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in her office on Mondays.
Tom said he thought that Mary was in danger.
Tom said he thought that Mary was impressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary was here.
Tom said he thought that Mary was having a really hard time doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was having a good time in Boston.
Tom said he thought that Mary was happy.
Tom said he thought that Mary was happy here.
Tom said he thought that Mary was good at speaking French.
Tom said he thought that Mary was good at French.
Tom said he thought that Mary was going to win.
Tom said he thought that Mary was going to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was going to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary was going to be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary was embarrassed.
Tom said he thought that Mary was drunk.
Tom said he thought that Mary was downstairs.
Tom said he thought that Mary was doing that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary was difficult to get along with.
Tom said he thought that Mary was broke.
Tom said he thought that Mary was bored.
Tom said he thought that Mary was beautiful.
Tom said he thought that Mary was awake.
Tom said he thought that Mary was at school.
Tom said he thought that Mary was at home.
Tom said he thought that Mary was asleep.
Tom said he thought that Mary was angry.
Tom said he thought that Mary was amused by what was going on.
Tom said he thought that Mary was always in her office on Mondays.
Tom said he thought that Mary was alone.
Tom said he thought that Mary was afraid.
Tom said he thought that Mary was afraid to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wanted to quit doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary wanted to do that with John.
Tom said he thought that Mary wanted to do that for John.
Tom said he thought that Mary understood French.
Tom said he thought that Mary taught French.
Tom said he thought that Mary spoke French.
Tom said he thought that Mary seemed to be desperate to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary seemed depressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably wouldn't win.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably wouldn't want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said he thought that Mary probably did that.
Tom said he thought that Mary ought to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to get more sleep.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to eat healthier food.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that sometime today.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that before she left.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that before John got here.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed to be more careful.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed at least $300 to buy what she needed.
Tom said he thought that Mary needed at least $300 to buy everything she needed.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that with John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that for John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might want to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that on a cold day like today.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that during the summer.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not want to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not need to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that this year.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not have finished doing that yet.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be required to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be required to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be permitted to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that Mary might not be allowed to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that with John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that today.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that for John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might need to do that again.
Tom said he thought that Mary might help us today.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to walk home by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to stay in Boston until Monday.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that with John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that on Monday.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that for John.
Tom said he thought that Mary might have to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be tempted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be required to do that right away.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be required to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that when she gets older.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that next weekend.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be permitted to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be frightened.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that when she gets older.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that in the near future.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be allowed to do that by herself.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be able win.
Tom said he thought that Mary might be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked nervous.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked nervous doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked exhausted.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked discouraged.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked confused.
Tom said he thought that Mary looked annoyed.
Tom said he thought that Mary hated John.
Tom said he thought that Mary hadn't been surprised.
Tom said he thought that Mary hadn't been impressed.
Tom said he thought that Mary had finished doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary had been careless.
Tom said he thought that Mary had already finished doing that.
Tom said he thought that Mary had agreed to do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary enjoyed the party.
Tom said he thought that Mary enjoyed swimming.
Tom said he thought that Mary didn't like John.
Tom said he thought that Mary didn't like John very much.
Tom said he thought that Mary despised John.
Tom said he thought that Mary could win.
Tom said he thought that Mary could probably do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary could do that.
Tom said he thought that Mary could afford to buy the car she wanted.
Tom said he thought that it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said he thought that it wouldn't be safe for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said he thought that it wouldn't be possible to do that.
Tom said he thought that it would rain tomorrow.
Tom said he thought that it would probably snow.
Tom said he thought that it would likely snow.
Tom said he thought that it would be raining on Monday.
Tom said he thought that it would be possible to do that.
Tom said he thought that it would be impossible to do that.
Tom said he thought that it would be impossible to do that before next Monday.
Tom said he thought that it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home by herself at night.
Tom said he thought that it would be dangerous for Mary to walk home alone at night.
Tom said he thought that it wasn't the first time Mary had done that.
Tom said he thought that it was unlikely that he'd win.
Tom said he thought that it was time for him to retire.
Tom said he thought that it was a tad risky to do that.
Tom said he thought that it was a little risky to do that.
Tom said he thought that it probably wouldn't snow.
Tom said he thought that it might be dangerous to do that.
Tom said he thought that I'd already done that.
Tom said he thought that I was very annoying.
Tom said he thought that I was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought that I was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that I was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said he thought that I was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought that I was handsome.
Tom said he thought that I should get more exercise.
Tom said he thought that I should buy a new car.
Tom said he thought that I needed to get more exercise.
Tom said he thought that I might want to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might want to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not win.
Tom said he thought that I might not want to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not need to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not need to do that until October.
Tom said he thought that I might not need to do that today.
Tom said he thought that I might not need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that until October.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that today.
Tom said he thought that I might not have to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not be required to do that until October.
Tom said he thought that I might not be required to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not be permitted to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that I might not be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might not be allowed to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that I might not be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might need to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might need to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that I might need to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that today.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that soon.
Tom said he thought that I might have to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might be required to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he thought that I might be permitted to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that I might be allowed to do that soon.
Tom said he thought that I might be allowed to do that by myself.
Tom said he thought that I looked lonely.
Tom said he thought that I looked like I was tired.
Tom said he thought that I looked like I was sleepy.
Tom said he thought that I looked like I was lonely.
Tom said he thought that I looked hungry.
Tom said he thought that I looked happy.
Tom said he thought that I looked bored.
Tom said that he thought that house was haunted.
Tom said he thought that he'd find another job.
Tom said he thought that he'd be prosecuted.
Tom said he thought that he'd be arrested.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to win.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help us.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help us today.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help us do that.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help Mary.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help Mary weed the garden today.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to help Mary do that.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to get that done today.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to get that done by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to get home by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to get home before 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to find another job.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that on Monday.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that for me.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that by 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to do that before 2:30.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to buy what he needed for $300.
Tom said he thought that he'd be able to buy everything he needed for about $300.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy traveling with Mary.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going to Boston with Mary.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy going skin diving with Mary.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that with Mary.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy doing that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't enjoy camping by himself.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to win.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that until October.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to do that anytime soon.
Tom said he thought that he wouldn't be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that if he had some help.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that for me.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he would be able to cheer Mary up.
Tom said he thought that he was too young to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was too old to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was too drunk to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who want to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who knew how to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought that he was going to win.
Tom said he thought that he was doing the right thing.
Tom said he thought that he shouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought that he should study French.
Tom said he thought that he should learn how to do that.
Tom said he thought that he should help Mary.
Tom said he thought that he should do that.
Tom said he thought that he should ask Mary to leave.
Tom said he thought that he ought to do that.
Tom said he thought that he needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not need to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not need to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not need to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that he might not need to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that here.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that he might not have to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might not be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not be required to do that anymore.
Tom said he thought that he might not be required to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might not be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might not be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not be permitted to do that at night.
Tom said he thought that he might not be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might not be allowed to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might not be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might not be allowed to do that at night.
Tom said he thought that he might need to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might need to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might need to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that he might need to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that this week.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that this afternoon.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might have to do that before she can go home.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who wants to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who wanted to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who needs to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who needed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who knew where Mary was born.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who knew where Mary lived.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who has to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be the only one who had to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be required to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be required to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might be required to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might be required to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might be permitted to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be permitted to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might be permitted to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might be permitted to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he might be allowed to do that.
Tom said he thought that he might be allowed to do that today.
Tom said he thought that he might be allowed to do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he might be allowed to do that again.
Tom said he thought that he knew what to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what needed to be done.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary was planning to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary was planning on doing.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary wanted to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary planned to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary planned on doing.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary needed to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what Mary had to do.
Tom said he thought that he knew what had to be done.
Tom said he thought that he knew what had caused the accident.
Tom said he thought that he knew the cause of the accident.
Tom said he thought that he knew how to do that.
Tom said he thought that he heard voices in the next room.
Tom said he thought that he heard Mary snoring in the back of the classroom.
Tom said he thought that he had to study French.
Tom said he thought that he had to speak French.
Tom said he thought that he had to help Mary.
Tom said he thought that he had to do that.
Tom said he thought that he didn't need to do that.
Tom said he thought that he didn't have to do that.
Tom said he thought that he couldn't win.
Tom said he thought that he couldn't do that.
Tom said he thought that he could win.
Tom said that he thought that he could win.
Tom said he thought that he could take care of himself.
Tom said he thought that he could impress Mary.
Tom said he thought that he could help us.
Tom said he thought that he could help us today.
Tom said he thought that he could help us do that.
Tom said he thought that he could help Mary.
Tom said he thought that he could help Mary do that.
Tom said he thought that he could do that.
Tom said he thought that he could do that today.
Tom said he thought that he could do that if he had some help.
Tom said he thought that he could do that for me.
Tom said he thought that he could do that by himself.
Tom said he thought that he could cheer Mary up.
Tom said he thought that he could buy what Mary wanted for about $300.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be safe.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be much fun.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be dangerous.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be any fun.
Tom said he thought that doing that wouldn't be a good idea.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be worthwhile.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be safe.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be OK.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be fun.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be dangerous.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be a mistake.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be a good idea.
Tom said he thought that doing that would be a bad idea.
Tom said he thought that doing that would a lot of fun.
Tom said he thought that could happen in Boston, too.
Tom said that he thought that could happen in Boston, too.
Tom said he thought something was wrong.
Tom said he thought that something was wrong.
Tom said he thought my offer was reasonable.
Tom said that he thought my offer was reasonable.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't want to do that.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said he thought Mary wouldn't do that tomorrow.
Tom said he thought Mary would wait.
Tom said that he thought Mary would wait.
Tom said that he thought Mary would enjoy the movie.
Tom said that he thought Mary would enjoy doing that.
Tom said he thought Mary would do that tomorrow.
Tom said that he thought Mary would be back soon.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't very busy.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't mad.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't in Boston.
Tom said that he thought Mary wasn't at school.
Tom said that he thought Mary was with John.
Tom said that he thought Mary was unhappy in Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary was telling the truth.
Tom said that he thought Mary was telling the truth.
Tom said that he thought Mary was over thirty.
Tom said that he thought Mary was on vacation.
Tom said he thought Mary was married.
Tom said that he thought Mary was mad.
Tom said that he thought Mary was lying.
Tom said that he thought Mary was in Boston.
Tom said he thought Mary was cute.
Tom said he thought Mary was a teacher.
Tom said that he thought Mary needed help.
Tom said he thought Mary had done that.
Tom said he thought John was Mary's son.
Tom said he thought it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said he thought it would be a huge mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said he thought it would be a big mistake to tell Mary what had happened.
Tom said he thought it would be a big mistake to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom said that he thought it was an accident.
Tom said he thought it might happen in Boston, too.
Tom said that he thought it might happen in Boston, too.
Tom said that he thought I'm charming.
Tom said that he thought I'd regret doing that.
Tom said that he thought I was witty.
Tom said that he thought I was wearing a wig.
Tom said he thought I was the right person for the job.
Tom said that he thought I was lying.
Tom said that he thought I was lazy.
Tom said that he thought I was funny.
Tom said that he thought I was dead.
Tom said that he thought I was creative.
Tom said that he thought I was charismatic.
Tom said that he thought I was being stubborn.
Tom said that he thought I should study harder.
Tom said that he thought I should study French.
Tom said that he thought I seemed unfriendly.
Tom said that he thought I seemed impressed.
Tom said that he thought I seemed confused.
Tom said that he thought I might win.
Tom said that he thought I looked sad.
Tom said that he thought I looked like I was bored.
Tom said that he thought I looked fit.
Tom said he thought he'd forgotten something.
Tom said that he thought he'd forgotten something.
Tom said that he thought he needed to help Mary.
Tom said he thought he might be able win.
Tom said that he thought he knew what the problem was.
Tom said that he thought he could win.
Tom said that he thought he could pass the test.
Tom said that he thought he could lend Mary some money.
Tom said he thought he could get away with that.
Tom said that he thought he could get away with that.
Tom said that he thinks you're stupid.
Tom said he thinks that there's no life on Mars.
Tom said he thinks that Mary won't win.
Tom said he thinks that Mary won't eat very much.
Tom said he thinks that Mary won't do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary won't be able to do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary isn't going win.
Tom said he thinks that Mary isn't going do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary isn't able to do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can't win.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can't eat dairy products.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can't do that.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can win.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can take care of herself.
Tom said he thinks that Mary can do that.
Tom said he thinks that I'd be able to win.
Tom said he thinks that his team will win.
Tom said he thinks that his team will probably win.
Tom said he thinks that his parents are going to get divorced.
Tom said he thinks that he'll have to do that for Mary.
Tom said he thinks that he sprained his ankle.
Tom said he thinks that he can take care of himself.
Tom said he thinks that he can do that.
Tom said that he thinks Mary can swim.
Tom said that he thinks he can win.
Tom said that he talked with Mary yesterday.
Tom said that he talked with Mary about that yesterday.
Tom said that he talked to Mary this morning.
Tom said that he takes a walk every day.
Tom said that he suspected that Mary wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he suspected that Mary would do that.
Tom said that he suspected Mary was very eager to do that.
Tom said that he still had some unfinished business to take care of.
Tom said that he still had a lot of things to do.
Tom said that he still feels pain in his legs.
Tom said that he spoke to Mary yesterday.
Tom said that he spoke to Mary about that.
Tom said that he sold his house last week.
Tom said that he sold his house for $300,000.
Tom said he sold his car to Mary.
Tom said that he sold his car to Mary for $300.
Tom said that he sold his car three weeks ago.
Tom said that he sold his car for $300.
Tom said that he snored.
Tom said that he slept well last night.
Tom said that he shouldn't have walked home by himself.
Tom said that he shouldn't have walked home alone.
Tom said that he shouldn't have tried doing that by himself.
Tom said that he shouldn't have tried doing that alone.
Tom said that he shouldn't have done that by himself.
Tom said that he shouldn't have done that alone.
Tom said that he shouldn't do that.
Tom said that he should've stayed in Boston longer.
Tom said that he should've left early.
Tom said that he should've left earlier.
Tom said that he should've done that.
Tom said that he should've done that by himself.
Tom said that he should've done that alone.
Tom said that he should go.
Tom said that he should do that.
Tom said that he shot Mary twice.
Tom said that he shot Mary three times.
Tom said that he shot Mary in self-defense.
Tom said that he sees Mary waiting for the bus every morning.
Tom said that he sees Mary at school every day.
Tom said that he sees a lot of dead animals on the road.
Tom said that he saw that movie with Mary.
Tom said that he saw something weird on the other side of that mountain.
Tom said that he saw something suspicious the morning Mary died.
Tom said that he saw something suspicious on the morning Mary died.
Tom said that he saw something scary.
Tom said that he saw someone standing outside your office.
Tom said that he saw nothing.
Tom said that he saw nothing out of the ordinary.
Tom said that he saw no point in doing that.
Tom said that he saw Mary yesterday.
Tom said that he saw Mary waiting for the bus.
Tom said that he saw Mary waiting for the bus this morning.
Tom said that he saw Mary tonight.
Tom said that he saw Mary this morning.
Tom said that he saw Mary spanking one of her children.
Tom said that he saw Mary sitting in the park by herself.
Tom said that he saw Mary playing badminton with John.
Tom said that he saw Mary kissing John.
Tom said that he saw Mary kissing John behind the barn.
Tom said that he saw Mary in the park.
Tom said that he saw Mary in the park yesterday.
Tom said that he saw Mary in the park just after 2:30.
Tom said that he saw Mary get into John's car.
Tom said that he saw Mary eating a sandwich in the park.
Tom said that he saw Mary earlier this morning.
Tom said that he saw Mary crying this morning.
Tom said that he saw Mary at the movie theater with John.
Tom said that he saw Mary and John kissing each other.
Tom said that he saw a UFO last night.
Tom said that he saw a shark the other day when he was swimming.
Tom said that he saw a lot of dead animals on the road.
Tom said that he saw a lion yesterday.
Tom said he saw a deer in his backyard.
Tom said that he saw a deer in his backyard.
Tom said that he saved a lot of money by buying in bulk.
Tom said that he remembers doing that.
Tom said that he remembers being there.
Tom said that he remembers asking Mary to do that.
Tom said that he remembers asking Mary not to do that.
Tom said that he remembered seeing Mary do that.
Tom said that he remembered doing that.
Tom said he remembered being there.
Tom said that he remembered being there.
Tom said that he regretted what had happened.
Tom said that he regretted the decision.
Tom said that he regretted that he couldn't help Mary do that.
Tom said that he regretted not following Mary's advice.
Tom said that he regretted his decision to do that.
Tom said that he regretted doing that.
Tom said that he regrets not studying French harder when he was in high school.
Tom said that he regrets not doing that.
Tom said that he regrets doing that.
Tom said that he really wanted to be here, but he had to stay in Boston.
Tom said that he really regrets not doing that.
Tom said that he really regrets doing that.
Tom said that he really enjoyed the movie.
Tom said that he really enjoyed the concert.
Tom said he really enjoyed singing with Mary.
Tom said that he really enjoyed singing with Mary.
Tom said he really enjoyed hanging out with Mary.
Tom said that he really enjoyed hanging out with Mary.
Tom said he really enjoyed dancing with Mary.
Tom said that he really enjoyed dancing with Mary.
Tom said that he really doesn't do that much.
Tom said that he really didn't understand.
Tom said that he really did want to be here today.
Tom said that he read three books last week.
Tom said that he read a lot of interesting books over the summer.
Tom said that he read a book about this ship.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't win.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't have enough time to do that.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't do that.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't do that today.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't do that anymore.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't do that again.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't cry.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't be in the office on Monday.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't be busy on Monday.
Tom said that he probably wouldn't be at home on Monday.
Tom said that he probably won't win.
Tom said that he probably won't do that.
Tom said that he probably isn't going to win.
Tom said that he probably isn't going to do that.
Tom said that he prefers to stay at home.
Tom said that he prefers red wine.
Tom said that he plans to study French.
Tom said that he plans to stay with us for a couple of weeks.
Tom said that he plans to stay until Monday.
Tom said that he plans to stay in Boston.
Tom said that he plans to stay in Boston until October.
Tom said that he plans to go.
Tom said that he plans to go on Monday.
Tom said that he plans to go Monday.
Tom said that he plans to get home on Monday.
Tom said that he plans to do that.
Tom said that he plans to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he plans to do that Monday.
Tom said that he plans to be a doctor.
Tom said that he plans to be a doctor someday.
Tom said that he plans on staying with us for a couple of weeks.
Tom said that he plans on staying until Monday.
Tom said that he plans on staying in Boston.
Tom said that he plans on staying in Boston until October.
Tom said that he plans on going.
Tom said that he plans on going on Monday.
Tom said that he plans on going Monday.
Tom said that he plans on doing that.
Tom said that he plans on doing that on Monday.
Tom said that he plans on doing that Monday.
Tom said that he planned to stay where he was.
Tom said that he planned to stay until next Monday.
Tom said he planned to stay inside all day and read a book.
Tom said that he planned to stay inside all day and read a book.
Tom said that he planned to go.
Tom said that he planned to go to the meeting on Monday.
Tom said that he planned to go on Monday.
Tom said that he planned to go Monday.
Tom said that he planned to get home on Monday.
Tom said that he planned to do that.
Tom said that he planned to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he planned to do that Monday.
Tom said that he planned on staying where he was.
Tom said that he planned on staying until next Monday.
Tom said that he planned on going.
Tom said that he planned on going on Monday.
Tom said that he planned on going Monday.
Tom said that he planned on doing that.
Tom said that he planned on doing that on Monday.
Tom said that he planned on doing that Monday.
Tom said that he paid thirty dollars for this book.
Tom said that he paid thirty dollars for that shirt.
Tom said that he paid $300 in advance.
Tom said that he owes Mary money.
Tom said that he owes Mary a lot of money.
Tom said that he owes Mary $300.
Tom said that he owed Mary money.
Tom said that he owed Mary $300.
Tom said that he ought to do that.
Tom said that he only needed a few more minutes.
Tom said that he only had thirty dollars on him.
Tom said that he only eats vegetables that he grows himself.
Tom said that he only did that once.
Tom said that he only did that because everyone else did.
Tom said that he only did that because everybody else did.
Tom said that he often thinks about leaving.
Tom said that he now regrets that decision.
Tom said that he now regrets not doing that.
Tom said that he now regrets his decision.
Tom said that he now regrets doing that.
Tom said that he noticed the same thing.
Tom said that he noticed a difference.
Tom said that he never wanted to see Mary again.
Tom said that he never wanted to get married.
Tom said that he never wanted to do that.
Tom said that he never wanted to do that again.
Tom said that he never wanted to be a policeman.
Tom said that he never wanted this to happen.
Tom said that he never wanted that to happen.
Tom said that he never talked to the doctor about that.
Tom said that he never saw Mary.
Tom said that he never saw Mary on that day.
Tom said that he never saw Mary doing that.
Tom said that he never saw Mary do that.
Tom said that he never lied to Mary.
Tom said that he never hurt Mary.
Tom said that he never had to worry about money.
Tom said that he never felt tired.
Tom said that he never expected this to happen.
Tom said that he never did that.
Tom said that he never considered retiring.
Tom said that he never considered doing that.
Tom said that he never agreed to do that.
Tom said that he needs to study French.
Tom said that he needs to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he needs to go shopping.
Tom said that he needs to get some air.
Tom said that he needs to get more sleep.
Tom said that he needs to find another way to make money.
Tom said that he needs to find another babysitter.
Tom said that he needs to do that.
Tom said that he needs to do that by himself.
Tom said that he needs to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he needs to call the police.
Tom said that he needs to borrow some money.
Tom said that he needs to borrow an umbrella.
Tom said that he needed to use the bathroom.
Tom said that he needed to talk to Mary.
Tom said that he needed to take a shower.
Tom said that he needed to take a nap.
Tom said that he needed to take a bath.
Tom said that he needed to study French.
Tom said that he needed to stay home.
Tom said that he needed to stay at home.
Tom said that he needed to spend a few weeks in Boston.
Tom said that he needed to sort a few things out.
Tom said that he needed to learn how to do that.
Tom said that he needed to hire someone with experience.
Tom said that he needed to hire somebody with experience.
Tom said that he needed to help Mary do that.
Tom said that he needed to get up early tomorrow morning.
Tom said that he needed to get some air.
Tom said that he needed to get rid of all this junk.
Tom said that he needed to get rid of a bunch of stuff.
Tom said that he needed to get out of there.
Tom said that he needed to get more sleep.
Tom said that he needed to get in touch with Mary.
Tom said that he needed to find another babysitter.
Tom said that he needed to eat healthier food.
Tom said that he needed to do that.
Tom said that he needed to do that today.
Tom said that he needed to do that soon.
Tom said that he needed to do that sometime today.
Tom said that he needed to do that pretty soon.
Tom said that he needed to do that by himself.
Tom said that he needed to do that before Mary got here.
Tom said that he needed to do that before he left.
Tom said that he needed to do that as soon as possible.
Tom said that he needed to call the police.
Tom said that he needed to buy something to eat.
Tom said that he needed to buy something for Mary.
Tom said that he needed to buy a new sweater.
Tom said that he needed to buy a few things.
Tom said that he needed to borrow an umbrella.
Tom said that he needed to be more careful.
Tom said that he needed to ask me a few more questions.
Tom said that he needed three hundred thousand dollars.
Tom said that he needed the rest of the money that I owe him.
Tom said that he needed something to drink.
Tom said that he needed some time to work things out.
Tom said that he needed some more time.
Tom said that he needed some cash.
Tom said that he needed our help.
Tom said that he needed one of us there.
Tom said that he needed my help, so I helped him.
Tom said that he needed money.
Tom said that he needed money to buy something to eat.
Tom said that he needed money so he could buy something to eat.
Tom said that he needed at least $300 to buy what he needed.
Tom said that he needed at least $300 to buy everything he needed.
Tom said that he needed a special tool to do that.
Tom said that he needed a favor.
Tom said that he needed a dozen eggs.
Tom said that he needed a day or two to think about it.
Tom said that he needed a change.
Tom said that he might win.
Tom said that he might walk to work tomorrow.
Tom said that he might walk home from school tomorrow.
Tom said that he might visit Boston.
Tom said that he might sing with Mary and her band next weekend.
Tom said that he might possibly win.
Tom said that he might possibly do that.
Tom said that he might not win.
Tom said that he might not study French anymore.
Tom said that he might not do that.
Tom said that he might need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom said that he might go to Boston in a week or two.
Tom said that he might do that.
Tom said that he might die.
Tom said that he might cry.
Tom said that he might come to Boston next week or the week after.
Tom said that he might agree to do that.
Tom said that he met a woman named Mary this afternoon.
Tom said that he may walk to work tomorrow.
Tom said that he may wait.
Tom said that he may stay in Boston for a few months.
Tom said that he may possibly do that.
Tom said that he may not win.
Tom said that he may not study French anymore.
Tom said that he may not do that.
Tom said that he may need to stay in the hospital for a few more days.
Tom said that he may go to Boston for Thanksgiving.
Tom said that he may do that.
Tom said that he may agree to do that.
Tom said that he loves that kind of work.
Tom said he loved chocolate.
Tom said that he loved chocolate.
Tom said he loved baseball.
Tom said that he loved baseball.
Tom said he loved animals.
Tom said that he loved animals.
Tom said that he lost his temper.
Tom said that he likes to help others.
Tom said that he likes to do that.
Tom said that he likes this time of year.
Tom said that he likes the sound of that.
Tom said that he likes the ski, too.
Tom said that he likes the idea.
Tom said that he likes the color of my T-shirt.
Tom said that he likes teaching French.
Tom said that he likes studying French.
Tom said that he likes speaking French.
Tom said that he likes pizza.
Tom said that he likes pizza the way Mary makes it.
Tom said that he likes Mary's new hairstyle.
Tom said that he likes doing that.
Tom said that he liked what she had made for dinner, but he was only being polite.
Tom said that he liked to do that.
Tom said that he liked the party.
Tom said that he liked the new carpet.
Tom said that he liked the movie.
Tom said that he liked the idea.
Tom said that he liked the color of my T-shirt.
Tom said that he liked teaching French.
Tom said that he liked studying French.
Tom said that he liked speaking French.
Tom said that he liked snow.
Tom said that he liked my idea.
Tom said that he liked Mary's new hairstyle.
Tom said that he liked Mary.
Tom said that he liked it.
Tom said that he liked doing that.
Tom said that he left early because his wife had called and there was some kind of emergency at home.
Tom said that he left early because he was feeling sick.
Tom said that he left a few minutes after Mary did.
Tom said that he learned something new.
Tom said that he learned how to do that the hard way.
Tom said that he learned how to do that on Monday.
Tom said that he learned how to do that last summer.
Tom said that he learned how to do that in October.
Tom said that he learned how to do that in Boston.
Tom said that he learned how to do that from Mary.
Tom said that he learned a lot from Mary.
Tom said that he knows the rules.
Tom said that he knows one of Mary's brothers.
Tom said that he knows Mary's secret.
Tom said that he knows Mary's children.
Tom said that he knows Mary's brother.
Tom said that he knows how to play tennis, but he doesn't like to.
Tom said that he knows both of the victims.
Tom said that he knew you.
Tom said that he knew you wouldn't win.
Tom said that he knew you couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew you could win.
Tom said that he knew why Mary wasn't able to do that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary wanted to do that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary had to do that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary didn't do that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary did that.
Tom said that he knew why Mary couldn't win.
Tom said that he knew why Mary couldn't do that.
Tom said that he knew who won.
Tom said that he knew who Mary's husband was.
Tom said that he knew who Mary's ex-husband was.
Tom said that he knew who did that.
Tom said that he knew who did it.
Tom said that he knew where Mary was going.
