His information is certain.
We admire his hold on the situation.
His condition is, if anything, better than in the morning.
His condition is if only, better than in the morning.
His condition has got steadily better.
His condition goes up and down.
He is a doctor by profession.
He was a doctor by profession and he had a practice in the town.
He is a dentist by profession.
He is a carpenter by trade.
His job has to do with telephones.
He is a lawyer by profession.
His professional career was bankrupt.
I besought him for a favorable answer.
His diet was abstemious.
Speaking of his eating habits, they're revolting aren't they?
Calcium is absent from his diet.
Vitamins are absent from his diet.
When his food supply ran short, he had to look for a new place to live.
Nothing could sway his conviction.
All his followers looked up to him as a wise and courageous man.
I had great admiration for his generosity.
His heart filled with joy.
His heart filled with sorrow.
His mind was filled with happy thoughts.
His heart was not in his work, nor did he take any pride in it.
His mind kept running on his dead child.
His heart was torn by sorrow.
Who possesses his heart?
I can hardly hold my own against his daring.
He was entirely free of his worry.
I can't stand his behavior anymore.
I was offended at his behavior.
His behavior was often a target of criticism.
His conduct was admirable.
His behavior shocked us.
His behavior troubles us.
His behavior was theatrical.
His behavior is worthy of praise.
His behavior was that of a gentleman.
His behavior is worthy of respect.
His behavior is beneath criticism.
Everyone remarked on his new hairstyle.
When I saw his new hairstyle I tried hard to suppress my laughter.
His new record sells well.
His new film is disappointing.
I envied him his new house.
I like his new house, but I had not expected it to be so small.
His new novel will come out next month.
When will his new novel come out?
His new novel is worth reading.
His novel proposal was accepted by everybody.
His new white hat corresponds with his white jacket.
His new secretary proved useless.
His new book is going to come out next month.
His new book added to his reputation.
His new book met with a favorable reception.
His new book will appear next month.
His new book is planned to appear next month.
His new theory is beyond my apprehension.
What do you think of his new novel?
His new book did not come up to our expectations.
His new film is worth seeing.
His business returned a good profit.
My car looks shabby in comparison with his new one.
His new car is a beauty.
His new car is a real beauty.
His new car looked all right.
His application went through.
I took him up on his offer.
As for his proposal, I think it is out of the question.
His application was rejected.
It's not wise of you to turn down his offer.
His report proved to be false.
His white house is the most prominent one on the street.
She had enough sense to understand what he really meant.
His relatives took it for granted that they would inherit the bulk of his wealth.
His kind acts earned him the respect of the people.
You might at least have appreciated his kindness.
I would have failed but for his kind help.
I was taken in by his gentle manner.
She thanked him for his kindness.
His clinic has lost many patients since the scandal.
His dress is that of gentleman, but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.
His dress is that of a gentleman but his speech and behavior are those of a clown.
I am fortunate compared with him.
I wonder if anything happened to him.
No one knows what has happened to him.
His parentage was unknown to us.
They were able to identify him by his wrist watch.
His selfish attitude put my back up.
He is six feet in height.
How tall is he?
His sharp words seemed to hurt her.
I cannot help wondering at his progress.
I'm satisfied with his progress.
His trembling hands belied his calm attitude.
His humanness is not to be compared with yours.
His popularity was at a low ebb.
His popularity is falling.
His main object in life was to become rich.
His object in life was to become a musician.
His aim in life is to save money.
His aim in life was to become a great doctor.
His life is perfectly fulfilled.
His life is full of trouble.
His was a life pursuing social status and power.
His life came to a close.
He went downward in life.
His view of life is based on his long experience.
Thanks to his efforts, it was more successful than we had expected.
His prompt action prevented an epidemic.
I have access to his library.
Thanks to his recommendation, I was able to get a teaching job at a college in Tokyo.
His guess turned out to be right.
Someone broke in while he was asleep.
His noble deed deserves praise indeed.
His ability in mathematics is outstanding.
His influence extends all over the country.
I'll answer for his character. I know him very well.
Had I known more about his character, I would not have trusted him.
You are absolutely right about his character.
Diligence is absent from his character.
He has a defect in his character.
Selfishness is an essential part of his character.
There is more in his character than simple honesty.
Compassion is entirely absent from his character.
His personality is marked by forwardness.
His character was formed in his childhood.
His character resembles his father's.
He had something of the hero in his nature.
That's the way he is.
His success attest his diligence.
His success took a load off my mind.
His success is in question.
Clear foresight contributed greatly to his success.
His success was due in part to good luck.
Is there any hope of his success?
He has a good chance to succeed.
His success was mentioned in the paper.
His success resulted from hard work.
His success was in part due to luck.
He owes much of his success to his wife.
I have no doubt that he will succeed.
His success was nothing short of a miracle.
His success is out of question.
He owes his success both to working hard and to good luck.
His success is not so much by talent as by effort.
His success was a great satisfaction to me.
His success encouraged me very much.
His success was purchased dearly.
His success was largely due to good luck.
His success came of long years of perseverance.
She said that his success was the result of effort.
His success is contingent upon his efforts.
He owes his success to his parents.
She's pleased at his success.
Let's drink to his success.
Told about his success, I almost cried for joy.
I was anxious for his success.
His regime is bound to collapse.
His policy puts the accent on national welfare.
His policy was in advance of his times.
His political career has ended.
His days as a politician are numbered.
All his political enemies showed themselves at his funeral.
It is obvious that he is right.
His honesty does not have the room of doubt.
His honesty does him credit.
His honesty is worthy of great praise.
There is not a shadow of doubt about his honesty.
The day that he was born was rainy.
He is Italian by birth.
His was a remarkable life.
His life spanned nearly a century.
His life was a long series of failures.
His life is free from care.
His life was miserable beyond description.
His life ran smoothly.
His life rests on her.
I think his life is in danger.
His life is in my hands.
His mental development was slow.
You should take account of his mental condition.
I don't like his holier-than-thou attitude.
His voice was heard above the din.
Hearing his voice, I turned around.
He has a deep voice.
His voice was full of tender concern.
We sensed a melancholy note in his voice.
There was a suggestion of anger in his voice.
His voice was drowned by the yells.
His voice carries very well.
His voice doesn't go with his appearance.
His voice was flat and lacked enthusiasm.
His voice reached our ears.
His voice dropped to a whisper.
He has a loud voice.
His voice quavered with anger.
Immediately she heard his voice, she trembled with fear.
His statement admits of no doubt.
His statement runs as follows.
If you question his sincerity, do not ask for his help.
Some people questioned his honesty.
I wonder if his tax returns will stand close examination.
I'm sick and tired of his lecture.
His lecture is very long.
His explanation was too sketchy. I didn't understand it.
His explanation cleared up the first problem, but I was still confused about the second.
Do you have anything to add to his explanation?
His explanation is far from satisfactory.
His explanation is too obscure to understand.
His explanation is not clear.
His explanation was by no means satisfactory.
His explanation doesn't make sense at all.
His explanation didn't come across well.
His explanation was quite above me.
His explanation is unconvincing.
His explanation is beside the point.
His constant insults aroused her anger.
His continual boasting gave offense to everybody.
His constant efforts brought about peace.
Even his teacher didn't understand him.
His ancestors went there from Ireland.
His lack of technical knowledge precluded him from promotion.
His boat was washed ashore on a desert island.
Don't talk about it in front of him.
Don't talk about it in his presence.
You should better not smoke in his presence.
In front of him was man.
There was not a ray of hope before him.
His prospects are not so rosy as you suppose.
A great future is reserved for him.
We made inquiries into his past.
His good nature seems to fulfill the role of reducing the family's trouble.
Investing all his fortune would not be enough.
All his energies were devoted to the experiment.
He must have been named after his grandfather.
Both his grandfathers are dead.
His grandfather was a soldier of high degree.
His grandfather passed away peacefully.
His grandfather lives on an allowance from his son.
His grandfather is still very healthy for his age.
His crude jokes made Jane angry.
I can't tell his twin sisters apart.
I didn't attend his funeral.
A great many people attended his funeral.
I feel bad about not having gone to his funeral.
I have twice as many books as he.
His son took on the management of the factory.
The news of his son's death was a great shock.
His son became a famous pianist.
His daughter, as well as his son, was famous.
His sons are not properly brought up.
His son is eight years old.
What has become of his son?
His son became a great scientist.
His son fell over the cliff.
His son was lost in the town.
His son trembled with fear.
His son is in college now.
His son cannot so much as write his own name.
His son is lazy and good for nothing.
His son is serving his sentence.
His son wants to be a lawyer.
Neither of his sons wants to succeed to his family business.
His leg was in critical condition, but fortunately it got better.
His leg was bitten by a crocodile.
He has long legs.
His thesis is related to mine.
His sleeve touched the greasy pan.
His existence was recognized.
Unlike his other writings, this book was not for scientists.
His large income enables him to travel abroad every year.
His broad interests bring him broad views on everything.
I can't put up with the way he spits.
He batted .343 with 54 home runs.
His body showed every mark of his strength.
His body shivered with excitement.
He was burning with fever.
His temperature is normal.
His weight is double what it was ten years ago.
His strength is waning.
His strength slowly declined.
His powers are failing.
I'm at a loss for what to do with him. He's so lazy.
I can't excuse his laziness.
His laziness is past the margin of endurance.
His idleness resulted in the failure, and with reason.
His laziness boded ill for the future.
His manner marks him as a provincial.
His behavior alienated his friends.
His attitude disgusts me.
His manner partakes of insolence.
He's shown no appreciable change of attitude.
His behavior is above suspicion.
There is nothing of the banker in his bearing.
I don't have a problem with his attitude.
He has turned 180 degrees around.
He is very blunt in his manner.
His manner to us was kind.
His manners were anything but pleasant.
His bearing was stiff and military.
His attitude is by no means polite.
His behavior is significant of his intentions.
His manners aren't those of a gentleman.
He is impolite, not to say rude.
What do you think of his attitude?
You should imitate his behavior.
His speech irritates me.
How big is he?
His loud voice drew my attention.
His college boasts the finest view in the city.
His rival was discouraged by his triumph.
The partner was discouraged to his large victory.
His bold plan gave rise to much controversy.
Thanks to his bold decision, he was able to ride out the crisis.
He is always talking big.
His ambition was to be a great politician.
His ambition is to be a lawyer.
Sailing a boat, his chief hobby, costs him most of his salary.
His birthday party is to be held at three tomorrow.
I almost forgot that it was his birthday.
On his birthday, I took a train to the town in which he lived.
I am at a loss what to buy him for his birthday.
His birthday is August 21st.
His birthday just happens to be the same as mine.
I was fortunate to make his acquaintance.
His term of office as governor expires next January.
His acquaintance runs a grocery in the country.
His mental level is higher than the average boy's.
His knowledge of geography is poor.
His delay admits of no excuse.
Their central concern was to have a big car.
Obviously, his companions were jealous of his wealth.
If it had not been for his advice, she would not have flown to London.
His advice touched me to the quick.
His advice came home to me.
According to his advice, I decided it.
In accordance with his advice, I called off the deal.
Thanks to his advice, I have saved a lot of money.
Thanks to his advice, I succeeded in the examination.
His advice counted for little.
His advice is always very sensible.
His advice would be very useful to you.
Bear his advice in mind.
Why don't you listen to his advice?
Don't make light of his advice.
His book became an object of criticism.
The data presented in his book are not based on scientific observations.
His savings will soon amount to one million yen.
His long speech bored us all.
I am through with his long speech.
I am sick of his long speech.
I was tired of his long talk.
He bored us with his long stories.
The desire he has had for years has been fulfilled.
I'm fed up with his long talks.
I got bored with his long talk.
His long speech bored everyone.
What does his silence imply?
His silence was a practical admission of guilt.
His statement was based on the fact.
He has a straight-A report card.
His life after retirement was unhappy.
The flowers in his garden have withered.
Many kinds of flowers always come out in his garden.
The sudden death of his brother surprised them.
His brother is always watching TV.
His brother is a hard worker.
His brother was lost in the town.
His brother went to the station to see him off.
His disciples recalled what he had said.
The solution he proposed was completely out of the question.
I cannot agree to his proposal.
I agree to his proposal.
I don't think his proposals amount to much.
There are some obscure points in his proposal.
His proposal counted for nothing.
His proposal was adopted by the committee.
His proposals did not fit in with our aims.
His suggestion is worth considering.
I think his suggestion is worth considering.
His proposal is worthy to be considered.
His proposal has been watered down.
His proposal is far from being satisfactory to us.
His suggestion was, effectively, an order.
He proposal was not acceptable.
His proposal was out of the question.
His proposal is not worth talking about.
How do you feel about his suggestion?
We should adopt his proposal.
We are agreed to accept his proposal.
His store is always crowded with customers.
His shop is in a busy section of town.
His biography is quite true to life.
I'm not sure what his number is. You'll have to look it up in the telephone directory.
Do you remember his telephone number?
I forgot his phone number.
His efforts led to good results.
His efforts bore fruit.
His effort contributed to success.
I've got to hand it to him. He works hard.
Though he tried hard, nothing changed.
With all his efforts, the accident happened.
I take my hat off to him for his hard work.
Thanks to his efforts, all the crew were saved.
All his efforts seemed to have been wasted.
All his endeavors ended in failure.
His efforts come to little.
His efforts were in vain.
His effort contributed to my company's growth.
His efforts resulted in failure.
His effort will bear fruit.
Nothing has resulted from his efforts.
All his efforts were useless.
All his efforts came to nothing.
His efforts are to be highly praised.
No notice was taken of his efforts.
His efforts come to nothing.
His land abuts on the road.
His anger was so great that I ran away.
His anger was terrible to see.
His anger was such that he lost control of himself.
His anger was born of frustration.
No one could stop him from fear of his anger.
I wish you could have seen him pitch.
His sarcasm galls me.
He answered incorrectly.
All of his answers were wide of the mark.
His answer depends on his mood.
His reply was logical.
His answer was not favorable.
His answer is different from mine.
His answer is far from right.
His answer is to the point.
His answer was in the negative.
There isn't a single mistake in his paper.
There is not a single mistake in his paper.
There were two careless mistakes on his paper.
The news of his arrival added to our excitement.
His arrival was greeted with cheers.
She died two days after his arrival.
His attempt to escape was successful.
I saw his face switch to anger.
His head broke the surface.
Doubt is entirely absent from his mind.
The eyes in his head see the world spinning round.
His intelligence is widely recognized.
His brain teems with ideas.
His brain bubbles with new ideas.
His head was bursting with new ideas.
His mind was at work on the new proposal.
The functions of his brain were very active.
You will be very pleased by how he performs.
His way of looking after the animals is very humane.
You will never get him to agree.
His sympathy was mere show.
His colleague was transferred to an overseas branch.
His reading is of a wide range.
His sudden death surprised us greatly.
His sudden death was a tragedy.
His sudden visit took me by surprise.
His second son married and settled down.
His diary was a kind of list of events, though he commented at length once in a while.
His daily behavior is not consistent with his principles.
His patience is worn out.
I wondered at his perseverance.
What is his age?
His annual income is more than $100000.
His annual income is larger than that his brother's.
He is half as old again as she is.
He is as old again as she is.
If you consider his age, then you can't blame him for his actions.
You had better take account of his age.
His old cat is still alive.
You cannot overestimate his abilities.
I have every confidence in his ability.
The land on his farm is very fertile.
His farm is remote from any town.
Was it gambling that brought about his bankruptcy?
His horse won by three lengths.
His horse ran in the Derby.
His horse jumped over the fence.
His horse gained steadily on his rivals.
His nonsensical behavior is shocking.
He has a wealthy supporter behind him.
His extensive knowledge surprises me.
His skin has the tone of a young man's.
His pronunciation is far from perfect.
His discovery gave rise to a revolution in transport.
His remark gave rise to trouble.
He opened up the verbal battle.
My hope has been extinguished by his remark.
His remark has nothing to do with the subject.
His speech did not accord with his feelings.
What was the implication of his remark?
His remarks had the opposite effect.
His remark is open to misunderstanding.
His statement raised havoc.
What he says always corresponds with what he does.
He was guarded in his remarks.
His remarks allow of no other interpretation.
His invention will save hours in manufacturing our product.
His invention deserves notice.
His invention is superior to conventional equipment.
His hair stood on end.
His hair is receding from his forehead.
His hair got thinner and thinner.
His hair is blond and he looks young.
The boy has a shock of blond hair.
Her hair comes to her shoulders.
His hair has turned white.
I remarked on his hair style.
His hair style is behind the time.
I could not help laughing at his haircut.
I couldn't help laughing at his haircut.
I wish I could speak English half as well as he.
It is his defiant attitude that made the chief angry.
His opposition was more violent than I had bargained for.
His sad story touched my heart.
His pessimism depressed those around him.
He can only criticize people behind their backs.
His criticisms were out of place.
His criticisms were aimed at the Japanese government.
His criticisms were very severe.
His comment hit below the belt.
His criticisms were highly esteemed.
His remark put me out of countenance.
His ironical remarks are not directed at you.
His ironical remarks aren't directed at you.
His secretary flatly denied leaking any confidential information.
His secretary greeted me.
His secretary can speak three languages well.
His secretary denied leaking out the information.
His secretary seems to know the truth.
His secret life came to light at last.
His secret will be disclosed soon.
When his wife heard of his violent death, she was beside herself with grief.
Do you know the time of arrival of his plane?
His plane has not arrived at the airport yet.
His airplane crashed in the mountains.
His smile put her at ease.
Her beauty was beyond description.
His knowledge of art is poor.
I was taken in by his good looks and gracious manners.
His handwriting is very poor, I cannot make head or tail of it.
His voting record is riddled with contradictions.
Judging from his expression, he is in a bad mood.
Judging from his expression, he is not telling the truth.
I gathered from his expression that he was very angry.
She had a look of fear on her face.
He had a severe look on his face.
The look on his face was next door to hatred.
He got a bad reputation.
His comment was concise and to the point.
His painting wasn't particularly good, so no one praised him for it.
His illness caused her great misery.
The medical name for his disease is ALS.
If I'd known about his illness, I would've visited him in the hospital.
His illness comes of drinking too much.
His illness may be cancer.
He is getting better by degrees.
His illness resulted from drinking too much.
His illness is one of my anxieties.
His trouble was chiefly mental.
He is slowly recovering from his illness.
His illness resulted from eating too much.
His illness is critical.
His illness is one of her chief anxieties.
His illness stems from his intemperance.
His ill health interfered with his research.
Nobody expected that his condition would take a sudden turn.
His condition will soon change for the better.
His condition changed for the better.
His conduct is open to grave objection.
His irreligious statements are offensive.
I'm tired of all his complaints.
His unhappy childhood affected his outlook on life.
His unkindness made her angry.
I expostulated with him on his dishonesty.
His carelessness brought about the accident.
His carelessness resulted in an accident.
The explosion took place because of his carelessness.
His careless driving caused the accident.
I was amazed at his carelessness.
I refuse to put up with his carelessness any longer.
The accident happened because he wasn't careful.
His carelessness resulted in the accident.
Her husband has been in prison for three years.
He owes his wealth to good luck.
He failed in the scheme, much to the disappointment of his father.
His father died, and to make matters worse, his mother fell ill.
He felt uneasy in his father's presence.
His father consented to my plan against his will.
His father eats there twice a week.
His father always comes home late.
Is his father a doctor?
His father administers some companies.
His father breathed his last this morning.
His father failed in business.
His father brought him up to be a doctor.
It seems that his father is a lawyer.
Both his father and mother are dead.
The man who I thought was his father proved to be a perfect stranger.
His father had died of cancer 10 years ago.
His father had a good influence on him.
His father got records of bird songs for him.
His father approved of his plan.
All his injuries are external.
His debts amount to more than he can pay.
It is estimated that his debts will amount to a considerable sum.
His wounded leg began to bleed again.
I relieved him of his burden.
I had to swallow his insult.
There are a lot of books in his room.
There is a lot of furniture in his room.
There was nothing but a desk in his room.
I'll show you to his office and introduce you to him.
Since the light in his room is on, he must have come home.
His untidy room announced that he had abruptly departed.
His room is always tidy.
His room is always in good order.
They are leading a loose life.
His room is always filled with his friends.
His room is always out of order.
His room is anything but neat.
His room was covered with dust.
His room is untidy.
His room was in disorder.
His room is twice as large as mine.
His room was brightly lit.
Nobody can help laughing at his eccentric behavior.
His clothes were dripping.
His clothes always smell bad.
His clothes are out of fashion.
His clothes didn't match his age.
His clothes are always out of style.
His dress betrayed the fact that he was a foreigner.
His notion of welfare is pretty abstract.
His right-hand man gave him away and got in his way to the top.
His story was interesting.
His indignation got the better of him.
His writing is very subjective.
He always listens to serious music.
His calmness is more apparent than real.
His cottage is neat and comfortable; moreover, it can accommodate as many as ten people.
His strange habit confounded them.
He gave me a flat answer.
His response was contrary to our expectations.
His reply was in effect a refusal.
His reply is no more than an excuse.
His reply was short and to the point.
His reply was negative.
His answer amounts to a refusal.
His answer was a hard punch on the nose.
He walks in a stately manner.
The way he walks reminds me very much of his father.
His pace quickened.
His mother has been running a drugstore for fifteen years.
His mother is American.
His mother went mad after the death of her son.
His mother prevented him from going out because she was anxious about his health.
His mother compelled him to do his homework.
His mother made him clean the bathroom.
His mother felt ashamed for him.
His mother put the money in for him.
His mother came to pick him up.
His mother had three sons, of whom he was the youngest.
His mother didn't allow him to ride a motorbike.
His mother sighed with relief.
I feel sorry for his mom; he really puts her through the wringer.
It is said that his mother is gravely ill.
His mother was more kind than intelligent.
His mother died when he was young, and his grandmother brought him up.
He has two aunts on his mother's side.
Judging from his report, the project seems to be going well.
I doubt the truth of his report.
You can believe his report to a certain degree.
His report proved false.
His report was truthful.
His report does not sound true.
I was glad to hear his report.
Would you run off twenty copies of his report?
He is ten years senior to you.
He picked a fight with me.
He hung up on me.
He has a slight edge on you.
He's three inches taller than I am.
His methods are not scientific.
He's behind the times in his methods.
I can't put up with his violence any longer.
His wish was going to America.
His ambition is to play the part of Hamlet.
His wishes, it seems, have come true.
His ranch covers twenty square miles.
His book has been singled out for special praise.
I dipped into his book.
There is a vision of the future world in his books.
Some of his books are difficult to read.
His book was upside down.
His books are almost useless.
His book is famous not only in England but also in Japan.
His book deals with traffic accidents.
His books are liked by young people.
His book begins with a tale of country life.
After reading his books I feel I can construct a house.
No one knows his real name.
His translation is close to the original.
I wonder what has become of his sister.
His sister and I will be good friends.
His sister is not going to America.
His sister is a popular TV personality.
It seems that his sister is a good cook.
I don't know what to do about his shoplifting.
I cannot read his comics without laughing.
I take sides with him.
He has a bright future.
He has a huge capacity for accepting other people. That's what makes him special.
I felt drawn toward him.
His attraction lies in his character, not his looks.
Is his pulse regular?
His dream has finally come true.
His dream has come true at last.
His dream came true.
His ambition was to break into television as an announcer.
His dream is to study chemistry in the US.
His dream is going to Switzerland.
His dream has become a reality.
Can he fulfill his dream?
I would maintain with my last breath that he is innocent.
She complained to me of his rudeness.
I can't abide his rudeness.
I can't put up with his rudeness any more.
His gross manners offended his companions.
Informed of his safety, the manager breathed a sigh of relief.
I can easily convince you of his innocence.
I am alarmed by your irresponsible attitude.
His ignorance hindered us in our progress.
I was astonished by his ignorance.
His incompetence began to irritate everyone.
His reckless driving brought about his death.
I can't stand his impoliteness.
I was rendered speechless by his rudeness.
His rude reply provoked her to slap him on the face.
His rudeness made me burn with anger.
I have trouble putting up with his rude manner.
I can't put up with his insolence.
He had been living in Nagano for seven years when his daughter was born.
His daughter and my son are good friends.
His daughter is eager to go with him anywhere.
His daughter is a nurse.
His daughter is quick in her movements.
His daughter importuned him to buy the doll.
His daughter grew to be a beautiful woman.
His daughter was endowed with beauty and grace.
His son-in-law will be the heir to the enormous fortune.
His son-in-law was transferred to an overseas branch.
His son-in-law completely recovered from his illness.
His name is known to everybody in this country.
His name is known to everyone in this town.
His name is the glory of this town.
His name is known to everybody in our town.
His name is well known to us.
His name is known to everyone in our town.
His name is known all over the world.
He was named after his grandfather.
I know what his name is.
His name is on the tip of my tongue.
His name was on the tip of my tongue, but I couldn't remember it.
His name didn't come back to me.
His name headed the list.
His name heads the list.
His name is known to everybody in this area.
His name is familiar to everybody in the country.
His name will soon be forgotten.
His name is known to everyone.
He was struck off the list.
What is his name?
His name is very difficult to remember.
His name is Kenji, but everyone calls him Ken.
His name is Kenji, but we call him Ken.
His name is known all over the country.
His name is Tomoyuki Ogura.
I know him by name.
His is a strange name.
His name is not on the list.
I have just remembered his name, which I couldn't for a long time.
The merest mention of his name made her angry.
Do you remember his name?
I didn't remember his name until afterward.
I couldn't remember his name.
Can you recollect his name?
Few students knew his name.
Don't you know his name?
I forget his name.
His name has slipped my mind.
His honor was corroded by greed.
I'm afraid for his life.
Long may he live!
His life hangs on the judge's decision.
His word is law.
We must execute his orders.
His niece is attractive and mature for her age.
She felt shy in his presence.
Give him good care, and he'll get well soon.
His eyes were brimming over with tears.
His eyes fixed on her.
His eyes went to and fro.
His eyes rested on the girl.
He has the eyes of a leopard.
His eyes were smiling behind his glasses.
His eyes are as gentle as those of a cow.
His eyes shone with excitement.
His eyes are blue.
His eyes roamed over the lake in the valley.
His eyes were blazing with anger.
His eyes flashed with anger.
His eyes are dim with age.
It was the sound of the bell which awoke him.
His object is to pass the test.
His objective is to pass the test.
His aim is to become a professional singer.
His aim is to become a doctor.
His aim is to become a lawyer.
His baseball life ended then.
His ambition knows no bounds.
There were no bounds to his ambition.
His ambition is to gain power over others.
His promise cannot be relied on.
His promise cannot be counted on at all.
She melted at his kind words.
His kind words comforted me very much.
His indecision sowed the seeds of future trouble.
We can hardly speak too highly of his conduct.
His bravery is above all praise.
His bravery is worth respecting.
His brave action is worthy of a medal.
The story of his brave struggle affected us deeply.
His acts of courage brought him glory.
After seeing how bravely he acted, his friends thought better of him.
I was amazed at his courage.
I admire him for his courage.
His courage impressed me enough for me to trust him.
I could not help admiring his courage.
I was deeply impressed with his courage.
His courage won the day.
His bravery is worthy of praise.
Such was his courage that he feared nothing.
Such was his courage that he feared no danger.
His courage went down in history.
We cannot help but admire his courage.
His courage will carry him through this difficult job.
There are few of us but admire his courage.
I cannot but admire his courage.
There are two doctors in his circle of friends, a surgeon and an ophthalmologist.
Many of his friends backed his plan.
Each of his friends is going to camp this summer.
All his friends believed him happy.
He outlasted many of his friends.
All his friends backed his plan.
His depression came to an end when she kissed him.
Do you have any evidence to prove him guilty?
His guilt leaves no room for doubt.
There is no room for doubt about his guilt.
Damning evidence was produced against him.
Such was his eloquence that everybody was moved to tears.
His predictions have come true.
His prediction might come true.
His prophecy was fulfilled.
His prediction has come true.
His condition changed for the worse.
Please inform me of any change in his condition.
His condition was, if anything, worse than in the morning.
I can see he is ill by his appearance.
His condition is, if anything, better than yesterday.
His suit, though newly bought, was worn out.
A ring of smoke floated from his cigar into the air.
His request was tantamount to a threat.
Their claims were as follows.
He is reasonable in his demands.
I deny his request.
I was disgusted with his pointless talk.
His dance is excellent.
His desires are incompatible with his income.
It doesn't matter whether he comes late or not.
His interests clash with mine.
We know little of his personal history.
We could not resist the force of his logic.
I cannot follow his logic.
I can't find any holes in his theory.
His theory was totally impractical.
His theory deserves consideration.
His theory is based on fact.
His theories were put into effect.
His theory is based on many facts.
His theory is widely accepted as valid.
His theory is based on careful research.
It is out of the question to digest his theory.
It is difficult to understand his theory.
Few people are able to understand his theories.
Listen to his candid opinion.
It is wrong to put down his efforts to get better.
His great oration was like pearls before swine.
A terrible accident happened in his absence.
Let's hear a story of his travels.
His travels were wide and frequent.
His parents did not sympathize with his hope to become a journalist.
His parents were pleased with his success.
Both his parents are dead.
His parents were farmers.
Apart from his parents, no one knows him well.
His parents approve of the engagement.
His parents were too poor to send their son to college.
Both of his parents are well.
His parents ran a hotel.
His parents helped whoever asked for their help.
Both of his parents are coming to Tokyo.
His parents told him to get into a university.
His parents bought him something nice.
His parents expect too much of him.
His parents are tolerant of his self-indulgence.
His parents were glad at his success in the examination.
His parents are saving for his college education.
His parents were in favor of his trip.
His parents took him for a walk.
Apart from his parents, no one knows him very well.
His parents go to church every Sunday.
Apart from his parents, nobody would defend the suspect.
You can't know his merits by his appearance.
His neighbor will care for the children while she is away.
I was moved by his tears.
His eyes are bathed in tears.
His coolness has alienated his friends.
His bitter words still rankle in my mind.
His calm words allayed my fear.
His manners are not those of a gentleman.
His manners proclaim him a gentleman.
His argument was logical.
His paper is far from satisfactory.
His paper is superior to mine.
His thesis doesn't make sense. To begin with, its theme is obscure.
His paper confronts the question of child abuse in nuclear families.
His paper reads like a novel.
His thesis leaves nothing to be desired.
His paper was, on the whole, satisfactory.
I cannot appreciate his logic.
I cannot say how far his story is true.
His talk led me to believe that he knows a great deal.
His speech got awfully boring.
As he spoke, pictures came into my mind.
I felt drawn to his story.
His speech turned us off.
His story is highly colored.
His speech verged on the ridiculous.
His tale came home to me.
What he had said proved to be a myth.
You should have listened to him more carefully.
It is very interesting to listen to him.
I found listening to him very interesting.
I don't like his way of talking.
He is a teacher, as is clear from his way of talking.
I don't care for the way he talks.
Intonation is absent in his way of speaking.
The humor of his speech is derived from his peculiar local accent.
His way of talking come home to us all.
His speech is very refined.
His manner of speaking is direct to the point of rudeness.
The way he spoke attracted the attention of a famous writer.
How fast he speaks English!
His speech indisposed us to finish the work any more.
His stories entertained us for hours.
His story aroused my suspicion.
His talk distracted her from grief.
My heart was touched by his story.
His story puts me in mind of my past days.
His story has some color of truth in it.
I'm sick and tired of his story.
There is not a grain of truth in his story.
Part of his story is true.
The pupils listened eagerly during his speech.
He seems to have lost the thread of the story.
I wrote down every phrase in his speech that he stressed.
The content of his speech is not relevant to the subject.
She couldn't get the point of his story.
The emphasis of his talk was on the need to work hard.
His story is strange, but it's believable.
His story was so funny that everyone could not help laughing.
His talk is always pleasant to listen to.
He frequently jumps from one topic to another while he is talking.
His story turned out to be false.
His story can't be false.
There has a ring of falsehood in his story.
His story sounds strange.
His story excited everyone's curiosity.
His speech was not very becoming to the occasion.
His speech was suitable for the occasion.
His story was highly amusing to us.
His talk was so much to the purpose that all the class understood it.
I can hardly believe his story.
His description approximated to the truth.
His story will be more and more interesting.
His story amused everyone.
His story may sound false, but it is true for all that.
His story was interesting to us all.
You'd better take his words with a grain of salt.
You should discount his story.
His story seems to be strange.
His story made us laugh.
His story is much more interesting than hers.
His story thrilled me with horror.
His story amused us very much.
His story was borne out by the facts.
What he has said is contrary to fact.
His speech inspired all the boys.
His talk was a mere game.
His story is inconsistent in many places.
His story was simplicity itself.
There is no substance in his speech.
His story moved her to tears.
His story is partially true.
His story is well worth listening to.
His story departed from his main theme.
Is his story true?
His story may be true.
His story is true.
His story turned out to be true.
His story turned out true.
His story may not be true.
His story must be true.
His story cannot be true.
His story rings true.
His talk is off the point.
His speech was to the point.
His way of speaking offended me.
We could not swallow his story.
You may as well trust his story.
Do you believe his story?
Some believed his story, and others did not.
She was shocked when she heard his story.
Listening to him, she got tired.
His speech left me with the sense that we would never be friends.
If you heard him talk, you would suppose he was the master of the house.
His story will banish your fears.
She took him by the arm.
I can't do with his arrogance.
I get mad at his arrogance.
His ambiguous reply made her all the more irritated.
He seems to have been happy.
He seems happy.
He asked me why I was laughing.
He told me that he was busy then.
He said. "What a pretty girl she is!"
He leaves for Tokyo at ten.
He is not what he used to be ten years ago.
He studied the scientists considered to be the most significant of the 19th century.
He said he had seen her a month before.
He's been working all day long.
He is the taller of the two boys.
He is as mad as a March hare.
He told me he would be here about seven.
He is two years older than you.
He is the man who I believe can help you.
He wishes the accident hadn't happened.
He is proud of having been educated in the United States.
He gave up the idea of going to America to study.
He became a citizen of the United States.
He studies American history.
Is he American?
He made every effort, but to no avail.
He was taken care of by a young doctor.
He is a young man who impresses you as a typical student.
He was English.
He likes Italian food.
He never touches alcoholic drinks.
He put the key on the desk as usual.
It made him uneasy that someone might find out any second what he was hiding.
He is now planning to study abroad next year.
He is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
He is, so to speak, a bookworm.
He is, as it were, a grown up baby.
He is, as it were, a stray sheep.
He regards so-called compulsory education as useless.
He is, what is called, a self-made man.
It seems as he is not going to get ahead.
He would probably die before he got his degree.
Opera! He cannot even sing children's songs!
He has taken over his father's business.
He made his girlfriend go out for a drink with him.
He had the gas cut off.
He devised a new engine to use less gas.
He flew into a rage.
He is, quite rightly, very grateful to them.
He kicked it.
He banged on the table with his fist.
He has been ill for the past few days.
He likes this guitar.
He did this before my face.
He is an apple-polisher.
He practiced the piece many times before the concert.
He often goes off on wild goose chases.
He has the Joker.
He didn't tell John about the accident.
He instantly denied it.
He kept walking all the day.
He thinks of everything in terms of money.
He is not more than two or three years younger than I am.
He's sexy.
He says that if he were there he would be happy.
He seems to have something to do with it.
He looked for the key to the door.
He concealed the file in what he thought was a safe place.
He obtained a post in the company.
He came all the way to my office to discuss the plan with me.
He described the scene in detail.
He is a good man for the job.
He borrowed from his brother to finance the loss he made on the project.
He had his left leg hurt in the accident.
He reported the accident to his insurance company.
He tried to fasten his attention on the letter.
He read the letter slowly.
He denied the fact of her having called him that evening.
He had the room to himself.
He cut the envelope open.
He was absorbed in the book.
He claimed that he had returned the book to the library.
He acknowledged it to be true.
He need not get up so early.
More often than not, he thinks before he speaks.
He wet the towel with water.
When he saw the salesgirl selling dachshund sausages, he got an idea for a cartoon.
He started just now.
He was not a man to be disheartened by a single failure.
He has a lot of fear and doubt because people are always fooling him.
He likes Disney.
He is enthusiastic about tennis.
He is watching TV.
Everywhere he went, he taught love, patience, and most of all, non-violence.
He, if anything, is a sensible man.
He did a very foolish thing.
He is often taken for a student because he looks so young.
He looks like a cat that ate the canary.
He is very nice. He never speaks ill of others.
Philip found Nathanael and told him.
He said that he was very happy.
He makes it a point to speak clearly and graphically. He always talks turkey about any problem.
He's a volleyball player.
He played piano by ear.
Being a very particular person he always ties up loose ends whatever he does.
He was treated terribly.
He can speak French, still more English.
He is a scholar of French history.
He can't write with a pen or punch keys on a computer.
He read the letter with tears running down his cheeks.
He took out a coin from his pocket.
He made up a bundle of firewood.
He was looking for this very thing.
He has become taller and taller.
He was still strong enough to squeeze a switch.
Go easy on him. He's still new around here.
He is likely to be late again.
He seldom breaks his promise.
He is no longer here.
He'll fail, unless he tries harder.
He got an easy English book.
He fell asleep with the radio on.
He likes to listen in to the radio.
He cut off two meters of the rope.
He was arrested based on little evidence.
He used to say so, but now he doesn't.
Besides being a doctor, he was a very famous novelist.
Does he intend to become a doctor?
He is old enough to travel alone.
Though he worked hard, he remained poor as ever.
He was duped by being fed false information.
He is old enough to drive a car.
He's gone to his rest.
He is rather behind the rest of his class in English.
He can speak Thai as well as English.
He knows German and French, not to mention English.
He reads French and German, not to speak of English.
He speaks English fluently.
He is proud of being a good speaker of English.
He has a wife and two young children to provide for.
He was listening to the music in his room.
He is descended from a musical family.
He turns everything to good account.
He makes good in everything he does.
He did nothing out of the way.
He kept complaining so much, without doing anything to help, that I finally had to tell him to fish or cut bait.
He looked back at us time after time then walked away.
He was worn out when he got home.
He enjoyed those visits.
He walked all the way home.
He refused my offer to drive him home.
He pursued his career at the expense of his family.
He worked hard to provide for his family.
He stamped out a fire.
He left Japan on the same day that we arrived.
He is in charge of our class.
He took no notice of our warning.
He got up early in order to attend the meeting.
His novel ideas are time and again getting him into trouble with his more conservative colleagues.
He heard a strange sound and sprang out of bed.
He said, "I felt ill, but I am all right."
He has broken the record.
He is your lover.
He likes Motoharu Kikkawa.
He died last year of old age.
He is a scholar rather than a teacher.
He is rich while his elder brother is poor.
He seems to be rich.
He will grant permission for you to go out.
He has no knowledge, not to mention experience.
He has an eye for art.
He never breaks his promise.
Although he says he might return to Iran to marry, his plans after Japan are up in the air.
He has a dog.
He came along with his dog following him.
He never turns up without making a fuss.
He's always changing his mind.
He is, so to speak, a fish out of water.
He is as great a poet as ever lived.
He likes a tiger.
He could not take effective measures.
He believed that blacks could win their fight for equal rights without violence.
He has been playing tennis since this morning.
He is being very polite today.
He is not a liar at heart.
He is a kind man at heart.
He borrowed some money from his father as a last resort.
He bought that house because his wife took a fancy to it.
He was never to see his wife and family again.
With his wife and children in the country, he was at loose ends for something to do.
For all his wealth, he is not very happy.
He objected to my going out yesterday.
He made me a box yesterday.
He made me happy yesterday.
He made a box yesterday.
He looked through a magazine.
He served as chairman for three years.
He is practically dead.
He solved the problem in five minutes that I had struggled with for two hours.
He arrived just as I was leaving home.
He is, I believe, a man of his word.
He hung up before I finished.
He is the boy of whom we spoke the other day.
The moment he saw us, he ran away.
He asked me who I was.
He urged me to think again.
He gave me money as well as advice.
He is twice as old as I.
He asked me where my uncle lived.
He said that he disliked me, but that he needed my help.
He repaired the broken window of my house.
He is, so far as I know, a reliable friend.
He declined my proposal.
He acted as though we had insulted him.
He is such a great artist that we all admire.
He is not a poet but a novelist.
He tries.
He studied hard with the intention of passing the examination.
He is suffering from a toothache.
He makes good use of his time.
He likes to go to the beach now and then.
He was pumping the pedals of the bicycle hard.
He has a bicycle.
He is an individual with his own living space and his own sleeping space.
He threw in the towel in defeat when his favorite chorus girl married another man.
He was made to sign the contract against his will.
He is proud that his wife is a good cook.
He taught his students how we were all dependent on each other.
He attributed his success to good luck.
He brooded over his misfortunes.
He saved the boy from drowning, but only at the cost of his own life.
He is alive to his own interests.
He came upon his employee who'd been looking after the place in his absence.
He was shot to death.
The higher he rose in social rank, the more modest he became.
He was hit by a car.
He wishes he had studied harder when he was young.
He was mainly interested in the origin and development of the universe.
He is busy writing a letter.
He has a fear of the knife.
He gave away about one-tenth of his income to the poor.
He is in the habit of sitting up late on weekends.
He could swim across the river when he was in his teens.
He makes frequent visits to Japan on business.
He was advanced to the rank of general.
He is a bit on.
He's good. His handicap is in the single digits.
He can ride a horse.
He ate himself into the grave.
He measured the length of the bed.
He found it very difficult to adjust himself to life in the new school.
He is seeking a new position.
He has denied all the stories in the newspapers.
He earned money by delivering newspapers.
He lives by himself in the woods.
He stated his belief that God created us.
He is human.
He is no better than a murderer.
He knows how to behave in public.
He made a speech in connection with world peace.
He prides himself on his knowledge of politics.
He is nothing more than a politician.
Besides being a statesman, he is a well-known painter.
He'll be there, rain or shine.
He is honesty itself.
He had gone there to help garbage workers strike peacefully for better pay and working conditions.
He doesn't earn enough money to live on.
He depended on his uncle for support.
He is not the idle boy he was.
He was, is, and will be, my best friend.
He lives in the house the red roof of which you see over there.
He defies the present government which is no less oppressive than its predecessor.
He showed me the camera which he had bought the day before.
He is not at all foolish.
She was admitted to Waseda University.
He left the window as it was, open.
He is quick at addition.
He is out of pocket.
He is indifferent to what others say.
He is apt to envy others.
He was removed from his post because he was idle.
He is ashamed of being idle.
He hid himself behind a large rock.
He kicked in a lot of money.
He's eligible for the presidency.
He's a big boy.
He'll be back by Monday morning at the latest.
His knowledge of Chinese enabled us to carry out our plan smoothly.
He studies Chinese.
He used to meditate in the morning.
He is on the town.
He is used to walking long distances.
He won't be away for long.
He is the eldest.
He usually goes to school by bus.
He is waiting for a telephone call.
He goes to school on foot.
For all his efforts, he was not paid well.
He is furious with anger.
He set out for Tokyo.
He has a head on his shoulders.
He acts quickly.
He belongs to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
He went to Nara.
He keeps two cats.
He has such foreign books as you can't obtain in Japan.
He speaks Japanese as if he were Japanese.
He speaks Japanese well.
He was careful enough to make his daughter promise not to go out after dark.
He fashioned an elegant pot out of clay.
He wanted to get his shirts washed.
I felt his silence insulting me.
He's not like us.
He was kindness itself to them.
He gives her everything she asks for.
He took it for granted that she was happy.
He asserts that she is innocent.
He wants her to go away and leave him in peace.
He could not help feeling sorry for her.
He paid much money to stop her mouth.
He did his best to persuade her.
He never fails to make some comment about the way she's dressed.
He is superior to her in math.
He stood aside for her to enter.
He failed in spite of his great efforts.
He is Sandayu Momochi.
He has been ill in bed for four days.
He could not come on account of illness.
He went up Mt. Fuji.
He came into a fortune when his father died.
He's a strange character.
He looked up at his mother, waiting for her to be shocked.
He took off his hat.
He bought a hat.
He adjusted the telescope to his sight.
He has made great progress in speaking Mandarin.
He remembers writing to her every week.
He remembers to write to her every week.
He said that he goes for a long walk every morning.
He sent a message by wireless.
He was impolite, not to say rude.
He did not appear until late at night.
Smiling softly, he shook hands with his son and walked off.
He stayed in his hotel most of the next day, talking to friends and supporters.
By next month he will have been learning how to play the violin for five years.
He has turned traitor.
He stood up and reached for his hat.
He tried to save something from his travel expenses.
He was a burden to his parents.
He runs with the hare and hunts with the hounds.
He was furious at his neighbor for allowing their dog to run into his yard.
He never speaks unless spoken to.
I wish he had been more careful when he spoke.
He has a good art of talking.
He gave a big yawn!
He cried, "Look out."
He shook his head as if to say No.
He got out of the cab in haste saying, "Keep the change."
He said he had bought that book there the day before.
He identified the wreck of the Titanic.
He told them that he had had a wonderful time.
He acted well in Hamlet.
He said, "So long, my friends," and left us.
He said to me, "Please do me a favor".
He said that it was raining, and that he would stay at home.
He said: "Leave me alone."
He said to himself, "I will do it."
He said, "I'm from Canada."
He said, "I want to be a doctor."
He cried out, "Help me."
He studied the original text of War and Peace.
He understands ideas such as "same" and "different."
He availed himself of the 'off-and-on' holidays to visit his native country.
He said, "My car is always breaking down."
He gave me no less than 10000 yen.
He has no more than 1,000 dollars.
He ran 100 meters in 11 seconds flat.
He got the first prize in a 100m race.
He has not less than 100 dollars.
He has no less than 100 dollars.
He saved a hundred dollars.
He tied the world record for the hundred-meter breast-stroke.
He was cheated of 100 yen.
He had no more than one hundred yen with him.
He said he got a 100 points.
He was paid one million dollars in retirement allowance.
He divided one million dollars among his five sons.
He is able to speak ten languages.
He has the ability to speak ten languages.
He made ten mistakes in as many pages.
He ate as many as ten eggs, no sweat.
He made ten blunders in as many lines.
He made ten mistakes in as many lines.
He came to Japan when he was a boy of ten.
He ran away from home three times before he was ten.
He has not less than ten dictionaries.
He came home exactly at ten.
He came here at ten and went back at eleven.
He came home at ten.
He was supposed to call her at ten.
He did not come back before ten o'clock.
He cannot come out of the room until ten.
He'll get there in ten hours.
He has employed ten workers.
He will chalk up more than ten points.
He stayed as many as ten days.
He served a ten-year prison term.
He visited his hometown for the first time in ten years.
He has been in practice as a lawyer for more than ten years.
He said that he had been in California for ten years.
He is in the tenth grade.
He lived here ten years ago.
He is not the boy that he was ten years ago.
He went there ten years ago.
He is far better off than he was ten years ago.
He is better off than he was ten years ago.
He will be back in ten minutes.
He answered all the questions in ten minutes.
He left ten minutes ago.
He was a bright little fellow of eleven.
He started learning English at the age of eleven.
He makes it a rule to go to bed at eleven o'clock.
He turned off all the lights at eleven.
He is twelve years old. He is tall for his age.
He began to learn English when he was twelve years old, that is to say, when he entered junior high school.
He got the twelve o'clock train.
He believes in the superstition that 13 is an unlucky number.
He left his hometown at the age of fifteen never to return.
Though only 16, he is independent of his parents.
At the age of seventeen, he fled his native village.
He dissociated himself from the firm he had worked for for eighteen years.
He graduated from Yale with honors in 1921.
He was staying in Paris in 1939, when the Second World War broke out.
He returned home from Europe in 1941, when the war broke out.
He was called up in August, 1942.
He defected to the Soviet Union in the 1950's.
He went to Africa in 1960 never to return.
He was born at seven on the morning of June 5 in 1970.
He went to London in 1970.
They were born one month apart in 1970.
He was born in the 19th century.
He stayed at the hotel for as long as a month.
He looks as if he had been ill for more than a month.
He has been out of action since breaking his leg a month ago.
He stays in the next room but one.
He cannot fix his attention on anything for long.
He is capable of running a mile in four minutes.
He cannot swim a mile.
He can swim a mile.
He took the first prize.
He hit a home run in the first inning.
He'll catch up with us in an hour.
He slept an hour.
He should get to the office in an hour.
He will arrive within an hour.
He turned up an hour later.
He has been waiting for an hour.
He arrived an hour late, which annoyed me very much.
He comes round once a week.
He plays tennis three times a week.
He goes to the movies as often as three times a week.
He earns not more than 50 dollars a week.
He earns not less than 1,000 dollars a week.
He will be up and about in a week.
He has not been able to attend school for a week.
He has lived here for one week.
He left for New York a week ago.
He has been ill in bed for a week.
He made up his mind to go there alone.
He ordered me to go alone.
He was accustomed to flying alone, and he had flown this route in his imagination many times.
He could listen to seven people at once.
He has never told a lie.
He boasted of having won the first prize.
It appears that he will win first prize.
He got the first prize.
Every other day he goes fishing.
He will be back in a day or two.
He changes his schedule from day to day.
He said he would run 200 kilometers in a day and he did.
He finds it very hard to do without cigarettes for a day.
He earned no more than ten dollars a day.
He works eight hours a day.
He smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
He memorized ten English words a day.
He took a day off.
He hadn't eaten all day long and was very hungry.
He was very busy all day.
He continued to walk all day.
He kept silent all day long.
He comes to Tokyo once a year.
He works hard all the year round.
He dropped out of college in the first year.
He did it in only a fraction of a second.
He chatters at the rate of two hundred words a minute.
He took a step forward.
He saved no less than ten thousand dollars.
He was fined 10000 yen.
He gave me a ten thousand yen rebate.
He did not look over a few typographical errors.
He changed a few words.
He made a few grammatical mistakes.
He will come back in a few days.
He will come home in a few days.
He will be back in a couple of days.
He left here a few days ago.
He is said to have spent a few years in Spain.
He went out a few minutes ago.
A few minutes' walk brought him to the zoo.
He had left Spain for South America with 200 men.
He wrote this novel at twenty.
He wrote this book at the age of twenty.
He is in his early twenties.
He entered civil service 20 years ago right after college.
He retired from the army 20 years ago.
He graduated from college at the age of 22.
He weighs 270 pounds.
Even though he has turned twenty, he's still too timid to chat with girls.
He has been working on a new book for two months.
He considered two alternative courses.
He will be waiting for you about two o'clock.
He'll be back in two hours. In the meantime, let's prepare dinner.
He came back after two hours.
He went on walking for two hours.
He left school two weeks ago.
He is the father of two children.
He is the older of the two.
He expected that their talk was going to be long.
He is rich enough to buy two cars.
He was never to return to his native country again.
He was destined never to meet her again.
He has made the same mistake twice.
He succeeded on his second try.
He stayed at the hotel for two days.
He has lived in Kobe for two days.
He arrived two days previously.
Has he lived here for two years?
He has been in Japan for two years.
He dropped out of school in his second year.
He was raised to the rank of colonel two years ago.
He went to Paris two years ago.
He gave up smoking two years ago.
He had his wife die two years ago.
He went abroad two years ago.
He came to Japan two years ago.
He keeps two cats: one is black, and the other white.
He became the company president when he was thirty.
He died when he was scarcely thirty.
He didn't start to paint until he was thirty.
It was not until he was thirty that he started to paint.
He did not decide to be a writer until he was thirty.
He's bent on having a doctor's degree before he's thirty.
He killed himself at the age of thirty.
He is about thirty.
He is in his early thirties.
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in thirty days.
He has worked for the welfare of his people for 30 years.
He was in the army for thirty years.
He retired from the company after 30 years' service.
He run on for half an hour.
He turned up 30 minutes late.
He arrived half an hour late, which annoyed us very much.
He arrived half an hour late, so everyone was angry with him.
Though 38, he is still dependent on his parents.
He stalled the engine three times.
I was sure of his success, since he had already climbed the mountain three times.
He finished school in March.
He lives three doors off.
He made three mistakes in as many lines.
He came to Tokyo at the age of three.
He notified me that he would start at three.
He will learn to do it in three hours.
He had no intention of waiting for three hours.
He will return within 3 hours.
He came home three hours later.
He was given a tip three weeks ago that two companies would merge.
He is the least diligent of the three boys.
He is the least clever of the three.
He is by far the wisest of the three.
He is the father of three children.
He is the tallest of the three.
He ordered three dinners.
He comes here every three days.
He wrote three books in as many years.
He has lived in Kobe for three years.
He went away from home three years ago, and has never been heard of since.
We found out that he had been dead for three years.
He is far better off than he was three years ago.
He fired three shots.
He was able to ski down the slope in three minutes.
He was underwater for three minutes.
He must be about forty.
He is about forty.
He said he had lost his vigor at forty.
He arrived at the age of 40.
He is past forty.
He is a little over forty.
He remembered that Room 418, a very small room, was empty.
He is familiar with four languages.
He can make himself understood in four languages.
He will leave Japan in April.
He has two children, aged 4 and 1.
He promised me that he would come at four.
He promised me to come at four.
He came at about four o'clock.
He'll be here around four o'clock.
He has no less than five hundred books.
He had fifty dollars.
He cannot be over fifty; he must still be in his forties.
He was along toward fifty.
He developed his talent for painting after fifty.
He has got as many as fifty novels written in English.
He is able to speak five languages.
He committed five murders.
He ran five miles.
He went 5 innings.
He came to see me on the morning of May 15.
He will come back to Japan in the middle of May.
He made five mistakes in as many lines.
He found five mistakes in as many lines.
He could learn the poem by heart at the age of five.
He has lived here since he was five years old.
He went out a little before five o'clock.
He is always here between 5 and 6 o'clock.
He gave me a promise to come here at five.
He arrived at the station at five.
He came back at 5 o'clock.
He will get back from school by five.
He looked for them for five hours.
He worked for five hours on end.
He was forced to work more than five hours on end.
He worked more than five hours on end.
He reached home shortly before five o'clock.
He went to his office after an absence of five weeks.
His mother said that he had been ill in bed for five weeks.
I hear he was set free after doing five years in prison.
He ruled for five years. In the sixth year, another king, who was stronger than he, waged war against him.
He came to Tokyo five years ago, that is to say, when he was twelve years old.
He is far better off now than he was five years ago.
He became a member of this club five years ago.
He founded the school five years ago.
He is better off now than he was five years ago.
He bought a bicycle for fifty thousand yen.
He must be over sixty.
He retired on a pension at the age of sixty.
He is close to sixty.
He retired from the company at the age of 60.
Though he is more than sixty years old, he looks young.
He retired at the age of 65.
He boasts that he can speak six languages.
He will arrive on June 24.
He returned from Holland in June.
He will leave Tokyo and come to Kansai in June.
He used the word half-a-dozen times in as many lines.
He made six mistakes in as many lines.
He promised me he would be here at six.
He arranged to be here at 6.
Does he come home at six?
Will he come home at six?
He will leave by train at 6:30.
He broke six windows one after another.
He achieved a throw of seventy meters.
He died at the age of seventy.
At seventy, he is still active.
He died at the age of 70.
Although he is over 70, he is still active.
He sailed the Seven Seas.
He stands about seven feet.
He set out for London early in July.
He lost his parents at the age of seven.
He arrived at the station at seven.
He leaves for school at seven.
He was late for the 7:30 bus.
He got home at seven sharp.
Will he come home by seven?
He came to Japan seven years ago.
He is over 80 kilos.
He lived to be eighty years old.
Though he is over eighty, he is still healthy.
He can speak eight languages.
He is eight.
He is older than you by eight years.
He failed to catch the 8:30 train.
He ran as hard as he could in order to make the 8:30 flight bound for Aomori.
He left home at 8:00.
He was supposed to be there at 8 o'clock but he didn't show up till ten.
He came back before eight.
He came back to Japan for the first time in eight years.
He has been studying French for eight years.
He is likely to live to be ninety.
He worked from nine to five.
He works from nine to five-thirty.
He said that it was nine o'clock.
He came back at nine o'clock.
He is a DJ.
He belongs to the ESS (English Speaking Society).
He is something in the FBI.
He hit big in NBC's 'Saturday Night Live'.
He responded by giving the "OK" gesture.
He's very fond of science fiction.
He gave a series of lectures on Japanese literature at UCLA.
I couldn't do otherwise.
He should have done it that way.
I never thought he was all that stubborn.
He is as idle as ever.
He is as strong as ever.
He remains sick in bed.
He does not care for ice cream.
He enjoys eating ice cream.
He is full of new ideas.
He took an uncertain stance.
He gave a vague answer.
He ran up the stairs breathing very hard.
Dare he go alone?
He dared not say no to my plan.
He doesn't dare to reach for fame.
He fanned the fire into flame.
He intended to persist in his silence.
He would have his own way.
He tucked the napkin under his chin.
He thought of growing a beard but gave that up.
He sat at the table with his chin cupped in one hand.
He made a vivid impression.
He visited many countries in Asia.
He will fight the heavyweight champion tomorrow.
He is leaving Chicago tomorrow.
He may be able to come tomorrow.
He starts for Nara tomorrow.
He is playing over there.
He is older than the boy who is over there.
He lives in that house over there.
He holds property on their land.
He pointed to the tower over there.
He talks as if he were rich.
He looked as if he had been ill.
He behaves as if he were a famous statesman.
He looked about.
He looked around, but he saw no one.
He rambled hither and thither.
He has been to many places.
He walked back and forth.
He walked around to see the town.
He travels around.
He had the nerve to take my car without asking.
He was beaten too easily.
He confessed his crime frankly.
He fell asleep immediately.
He gets angry though was absent from the conference ahead of this of you.
Does he know what you did?
He is not such a nasty fellow as you think.
He is not as lazy a student as you think.
He ate twice the amount that you ate.
He as good as said you were a fool.
He will provide you with what you need.
He was the sort of man you could get along with.
He uses the same books as you use.
He will never play you foul.
Did he tell you anything?
He was anxious to meet you.
He wants to meet you.
He is looking forward to seeing you.
Did he propose marriage to you?
He will be contacting you directly.
Did he tell you the truth?
He doesn't understand you.
He's bound to notice your mistake.
He was asking about your health.
He will go along with your plan.
He'll answer your letter soon.
He was grateful for your help.
He is thankful for your kindness.
He was extraordinarily important in your life.
He is delighted at your success.
They will not consent to your proposal.
Is he a friend of yours?
He can speak Japanese almost as well as you and I.
He is voluntarily supporting you.
He would be the last to deceive you.
He loves you very much.
He will recommend you for a good post.
He is going to help you.
He will be waiting for you.
He would be the last man to betray you.
Young as he is, he has a large family to support.
He has great belief in that doctor.
He is in fear of the dog.
He earns more than five hundred dollars a month in that job.
He has had that job for decades.
He is gone on that girl.
He failed to become a cabinet member at that time.
His car cost him upward of ten thousand dollars.
He tried to approach her by every possible means.
He avoids keeping company with those ladies.
He has designs on that girl.
He declined their invitation.
He's in debt to the bank because he bought that big house.
He is not equal to the important job.
He had his car stolen in that parking lot.
He deals in vegetables at that shop.
He lives in that stately mansion.
He wants to meet that good-looking girl.
He is madly in love with that girl.
He lives alone in an apartment.
They rented an apartment.
He was born in Africa.
He is said to have been born in Africa.
He would often talk about the people he had lived among while he was in Africa.
He wants to go to Africa.
He came to see me three days before he left for Africa.
He likes to go on explorations to Africa.
He explored the Amazon jungle.
He is just an amateur.
He's not doing a very good job. All the same, you've got to admit that he's doing his best.
He was too frail to play games outdoors.
I don't like him because he is too proud.
He was too old to resist.
He is all too quick.
He drinks too much beer.
He drinks too much.
He was too tired to go any farther.
He was too young to go to school.
He was so childish that he couldn't resist temptation.
He is too cautious to try anything new.
He ran too fast for us to catch up with.
He was too tired to walk any further.
He was too angry to speak.
He was too busy to notice it.
He hasn't had much education.
He doesn't read many newspapers.
He is not very good at mathematics.
He has not seen much of the world.
He talks too fast.
He ran so fast that I couldn't catch up with him.
He can't run very fast.
He couldn't run very fast.
He began by saying that he would not speak very long.
His speech went on for such a long time that some people began to fall asleep.
He was too old to walk.
He does not seem to be very tired.
He does not study hard, but does very well at school.
He doesn't read many books.
He is not much better, and there is a little hope of recovery.
He came back from America.
He made friends with her in America.
He developed his English skill while he was in America.
He went on a voyage to America.
He started for America yesterday.
He had never studied English before he went to the United States.
He did not go to America for nothing.
He has been to America.
He has gone to America.
He returned to America.
He is studying the origin of jazz in America.
He respects Einstein, an American scientist.
Isn't he an American gentleman?
He is married to an American lady.
He became the finest actor on the American stage.
He doesn't have any knowledge about American democracy.
He has been to Europe, not to mention America.
He wants to go to the United States.
He is anxious to go to America.
She has made up her mind to go to America to study.
He availed himself of the first chance to visit America.
He was reading a textbook on American history.
He is an American, but as he was born and brought up in Japan, he can speak Japanese quite fluently.
He is an American.
He is not an American.
He is not an American but an Englishman.
He is not an American but a Frenchman.
He started to tell us his experiences during his stay in America. We were all ears.
He has access to the American Embassy.
He is a diplomat at the American Embassy.
He is one of the American presidential candidates.
He went to America for the purpose of studying American literature.
He was nearly drowned.
He was nearly run over at a crossing.
He barely missed being killed in the accident.
He came near to being drowned in the river.
He came close to losing an eye.
He is respectable in every way.
He's at home in all the sciences.
He was bereft of all hope.
He took advantage of every opportunity he had.
He used every chance to practice English.
He could get over every difficulty.
He comes into contact with all kinds of people.
He knows all manner of animals.
He has all kinds of books.
He succeeded in spite of all difficulties.
He succeeded in spite of all the lifetimes.
He is inferior to you in all respects.
He is a politician in all senses.
He rejected all the objections.
He thinks of everything in terms of profit.
He is a genius at nitpicking.
He had enough and to spare.
He is infatuated with Alice.
He has shot some Westerns in Arizona.
He tried to get rid of the ants.
He is said to have lost all his money.
He gave away all his money.
He has enough and to spare of money.
He is threatened by a certain gangster.
He never drinks alcohol.
He is rarely, if ever, late for appointments.
He cannot so much as write the alphabet.
He stood dazedly watching the beauty of the Alpine dawn.
He had the honor of being presented to a great writer.
He is a genius in a sense.
He is in a sense a representative of his company.
He is an artist in a sense.
He is right in a sense.
He keeps company with a foreign student.
He worked for a rich man.
He had a certain charm.
He bought an English book at a bookstore.
He was tormented by some deep sorrow.
He left Japan on a fine day.
You can trust him to some degree but not wholly.
He says he has achieved his goal to a certain extent.
He is clever in some ways.
He bought eggs and milk from a farmer.
He wrote a biography of a famous poet.
He is torn by doubts.
He is none the wiser for all his experiences.
He claims that he is a painter.
He liked Ann, but then his parents didn't.
He married Ann.
He has been keeping company with Ann for three months.
He wants whipping for saying that.
If he had not died so young, he would have become a great scientist.
He is very much ashamed of having behaved so badly.
He is ashamed of having behaved so badly.
He was rebuked for writing such a rough report.
He ought to know better than to quarrel with such a fellow.
I wonder if he can live on such a small salary.
He wasn't happy in spite of all his wealth.
Since he can read such tiny print, he is far from being near-sighted.
He isn't quite a gentleman.
He ran so fast that he was out of breath.
He was so tired that he could hardly walk.
He appears to know Ann.
He is not a man to trifle with.
He never did his work anyhow.
He will make a good team captain.
At best he may take third place.
He's a good kid - very quick on the uptake and he does whatever needs to be done.
He checked in at a good hotel.
He is a good fellow.
I believe he is a nice guy.
He earns a good salary.
He took great pains to do a good job.
He seems like a good person.
He will be a good teacher.
He won't be a good player.
He seems to be a nice fellow.
I don't think he'll say yes.
He had to part with his house.
He is mixed up with something shabby.
He is never discouraged, no matter what difficulty he may face.
He is never discouraged, no matter what difficulties he may face.
He's a salesman's salesman.
He posed as my close friend.
He speaks as if he had studied abroad.
He looks stern.
He must have lost his marbles.
He told of his adventures with animation.
He was born in England, but was educated in America.
Although he was born in England, he speaks English very badly.
It is said that he is in Britain.
He is determined to go to England.
He seems to live in Britain.
He was in his home in Cambridge, England.
He is not an English boy.
It seems to me that he is from England.
He has been to England twice.
He has gone to Britain.
He crossed over to England.
He is the only American who has swum the English Channel.
He comes from England.
He's an Englishman, and, I guess, has known better days.
He pretended to be an Englishman, but his foreign accent gave him away.
He comes from England, but is very poor at English.
He is well read in English literature.
How old is he?
He took out some coins.
He owns several hotels. In a word, he is a multimillionaire.
He wrote several plays in verse.
He collected various information.
He differs from me in some ways.
He made several corrections.
He is eminent for his great discoveries.
How many does he want?
He was more or less drunk.
He is on the heavy side.
He collected bits of information.
He can come up with any amount of money.
He is a bad boy.
He is rather hard to please.
He would be the last person to leave you in time of need.
He is the last person to leave you in time of need.
He rose from his chair to welcome me.
He sank into a chair.
He settled himself in a chair.
He wriggled his way through the chairs.
He stood behind the chair.
He is leaning on the back of the chair.
He'll know the secret sooner or later.
He weighs a lot more than before.
He has not gotten in touch with me for a long time under the pretence of being busy.
He likes to be mischievous.
He must have done it out of mischief.
He cut down the tree for fun.
He carried on the restaurant in Italy for many years.
He told me that he was going to Italy.
He was born in a small town in Italy.
He is an Italian.
He has a basket full of strawberries.
He's been awarded a gold medal once.
He picked out the best book.
He told me when to say yes.
He wants to be an Edison some day.
Will he ever come back?
He will be a Washington someday.
I believe he is going to be rich one day.
He will come to see us some day.
He will return to Japan some day.
When did he arrive here?
When did he come here?
He left everything to chance.
He is a man hard to get on with.
How is it that he solved the problem?
He is a constant torment to me.
He makes mistakes every time he speaks English.
He always insists on having everything his own way.
He usually comes in time.
He always treats me like a child.
He always wants to have his own way.
He usually takes a walk, book in hand.
He kept on crying.
He never loses his curiosity; he is, as it were, an eternal youth.
He will love her forever.
He usually gets up at six.
He always leaves home at seven.
He was always finding fault with me.
He is always finding fault.
He is always complaining of this and that.
He is always full of ideas.
He is always throwing his weight around.
He's always short of money.
He is always asking for money.
He always takes his coffee strong.
It is always the case with him.
He is always in a fidget.
That is how he always treats me.
He always worries about minor points.
He always tells at random.
He always seems to be living rent-free in somebody's house.
He is always as busy as a bee.
He is as healthy as ever.
He complains about one thing or another all the time.
He went to bed at ten as usual.
He got up at five as usual.
He started talking about his ideals as usual.
He arrived late as usual.
He came late as usual.
He gave his sudden, goblin like grin.
Don't fall for his old tricks.
He scratched his head out of habit.
He's always asking silly questions.
He is always up and doing.
He is constantly complaining.
He always takes note of his boss's movements.
He always takes notes.
He always speaks from notes.
He always plays well.
He is always up to no good.
He got up earlier than usual.
He arrived earlier than usual.
He came home later than usual.
As he had worked longer than usual, he felt tired.
He worked harder than ever.
He always walks with a rifle.
He always passes for a great scholar.
He always says one word too many.
He always studies hard.
He always works hard.
He's always anxious to pick up gossip.
He always parades his knowledge of English.
He is always speaking ill of his wife.
He always values his wife's opinions.
He has always devoted himself to music.
He is forever complaining about something.
He always takes his time in everything he does.
He is always dwelling on the pleasures of the past.
He always tries to have his own way.
He is always seeking pleasure.
He is always late for school.
He always wears his school tie.
He is always full of vigor.
He is always willing to help others.
He is always complaining about his low salary.
He is always pressed for money.
He is always day-dreaming.
He's always looking at you.
He's always looking at you. He must love you.
He is always at home on Mondays.
He always possesses good health.
He always teaches from notes.
He's always running short of cash.
He usually gets home at six o'clock in the afternoon.
He is not always in the office in the morning.
He always talks as though he were addressing a public meeting.
He always wears heavy clothes.
He always speaks at random.
He is always happy.
He always troubles himself about minor things.
He always quarrels with his wife.
He always reads a magazine.
He is always losing his umbrella.
He is always behind time with his work.
I wish I was always being sent abroad on business like he is.
He always works with all his might.
He always hums while working.
He always leaves his work half done.
He is always yelling at his children.
He's always trying to say something to us.
He's always breaking into our conversation.
He is always with me.
He is always friendly to me.
He always behaved badly to me.
He always imposes his opinion on me.
He always makes cynical remarks to me.
He is always finding fault with me.
He is always complaining about the way I do things.
He usually drops in at my place.
He is always on my side.
He gives me a bad time, as he always does.
He always invited me to his dinner parties.
He is always making a fool of me.
He always mistakes me for my sister.
He is always punctual.
He always insisted that he was in the right.
He is always vague about his intentions.
He always persisted in his errors.
He is always boasting of his achievements.
He always shows off his abilities.
He always puts himself first.
He is always harassed with debts.
He's always late for class.
He always stays in bed as late as he can.
He is always partial to the company of girls.
He is always at odds with his boss.
He is always joking.
He's always complaining about the food.
He always plans a thing out carefully before he does it.
He was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
He really has it out for people.
He is always natural with other people.
He is always giving people a lot of trouble.
He always tries to trip people up.
He has always had a great curiosity about the world.
He is always at the top of the class.
He always speaks of the government with contempt.
He always wears blue shirts.
He always spends his money freely.
He is always finding fault with his teacher.
He always makes a ready answer.
He always makes a fool of others.
He is always finding fault with others.
He is always finding fault with other people.
He is always ready to find fault with other people.
He always tries to see the good in others.
He always relies on other people.
He is always complaining of ill treatment.
He has always associated with large enterprises.
He seems to be always in conflict with someone.
He doesn't always come late.
He is not always late.
He usually goes to work at 8 a.m.
He is always working from morning till night.
He usually looks through the newspapers before breakfast.
He is always kind to animals.
He always says the same thing.
He keeps making the same mistake.
He is always isolated from his fellow workers.
He is always reading.
He is always speaking to her in whisper.
He always takes sides with her.
He is always upset by her words.
He always speaks well of her.
He is always finding fault with the work of his secretary.
He is always in company with beautiful women.
He is always generous to poor people.
He is always trying to do the impossible.
He is always complaining.
He always speaks ill of his father behind his back.
He always keeps his room as neat as a pin.
He always keeps his room clean.
He always talks as if he knows everything.
He is always studying.
He is always forgetting things.
He is busy all the time.
He is always on the go.
He always tells the truth.
He's always reading comics.
He is always looking to the future.
He always leaves the window open while he sleeps.
He is always expressionless.
He's always worrying about his daughter.
He is always seeking for fame and wealth.
He is always going after fame.
He is always cheerful.
He always sits up late at night.
He makes it a rule to sit up late at night.
He is punctual in keeping appointments.
He always keeps his word.
He always make good his promises.
He was always as good as his word.
He is always true to his friends.
He failed by playing all the time.
He is always looking for praise.
He is always cool.
When did he go to Europe?
When will he go home?
When did he come over to see you?
When did he get back?
He didn't specify when he would return.
When did he get to Kyoto?
He didn't so much as greet us whenever he met us.
When did he come of age?
When did he come back from Osaka?
When did he return from Osaka?
He was at a loss when to start.
When did he fall ill?
When will he be busy?
When is he expected back?
When does he get back from his trip?
He is getting on with his cousin.
He went to stay with his cousin.
He was conspicuous by his absence.
He lives on his country estate.
He is as great a physicist as ever lived.
He is the greatest man who has ever lived.
He still cherishes his old car.
He still believes her words.
He's still sponging off his father.
He has been here till now.
He is as diligent a man as ever lived.
He was cut down in his prime.
He's swimming now.
He is out now.
He can't chew well, because he has a toothache now.
He warned his sister about that man.
He did the work against his will.
He went to see her reluctantly.
He is an unpleasant fellow.
He was listening to the radio with his earphone.
He has apple-polished in vain.
He has so many calls on his time, it is very difficult to make an appointment to see him.
He's had many bad experiences.
He grew a variety of crops.
He gave in up to all kinds of pleasures.
He is in touch with all kinds of people.
He has gleaned knowledge from various books.
He got tired of being the devil's advocate and now agrees with every idea they suggest, no matter how dumb.
He knows lots.
He has various knowledge.
He became, as it were, a kind of hero from a strange land.
He is, as it were, a grown-up baby.
He is, so to speak, her servant.
He is, so to speak, a star player.
He is, so to speak, a human robot.
He is, so to speak, a learned fool.
He is a wise fool, so to speak.
He is, so to speak, a grown-up baby.
He is a Japanese Edison, as it were.
He is, so to speak, a walking encyclopedia.
He is not your common doting parent.
He is what we call a self-made man.
He is what is called a self-made man.
He is what is called a pedant.
He is what you call a fine gentleman.
He is what we call a musical genius.
He is what we call a scholar.
He is what is called a man of culture.
He is what is called a man of action.
He is what we call the man of the hour.
He is a so called liberal.
He is what we call a bright boy.
He is what is called a gentleman.
He is not what is called a gentleman.
He is what is called a champion of justice.
He is what we call a pioneer.
He is not what is called a genius. Rather, he is a hard worker.
He is what we call a man of culture.
He is what is called a walking encyclopedia.
He is what is called a bookworm.
He is what we call an honour student.
He soiled his white shirt when he changed the ink cartridge.
He received a good education in England.
He taught a group of Indian boys.
He put down the rebellion in India.
He is at the doctor for influenza.
He's in bed with flu.
He is ill with influenza.
He is very good at playing violin.
He doesn't even drink beer, not to mention whiskey.
He deals in whiskey.
He drank a shot of whiskey.
He drank some beer besides a bottle of whisky.
He took a drink of whiskey neat.
He shows interest in winter sports.
He cannot tell wool from cotton.
He wears a wool sweater.
He is a waiter and an actor.
He was at the airport to meet Mr West.
He baited the trap for rabbits.
He wore a light blue tie.
He crouched and went on crying.
He's a liar, and you're another.
He was looked down on as a liar.
I suspect him to be a liar.
He is nothing but a liar.
He turned out to be nothing but a liar.
He is adept at telling lies.
He is incapable of telling a lie.
He made an admission that he had lied.
He didn't tell a lie. As a matter of fact, he told the whole truth.
He may have told a lie.
He tells a lie.
The idea occurred to me that he was lying.
It seems that he is telling a lie.
He seems to be lying.
He disgraced himself by telling a lie.
He is above telling lies.
He seems to think nothing of telling a lie.
He tends to tell lies.
He lied his way out of it.
He is not going to get ahead.
He has come out of his shell.
Among our employees he's recognized as a towering figure.
He's been friendly with my kid brother.
He was sleeping on his face.
He lay prostrate, ready to ambush the invaders.
He is so full of conceit that everybody dislikes him.
He gave birth to a brilliant idea.
He tells a good joke.
He is eager to succeed.
He skillfully turned the trouble to his advantage.
He succeeded in solving the question.
He succeeded in solving the problem.
He cannot sing well.
He passed the examination.
He managed to find a new job successfully.
He is heavy by nature.
He is noisy, but otherwise a very nice boy.
He was beside himself with joy.
He seemed to be beside himself with joy.
He was so happy he did a little dance.
His face expresses joy.
He cried for joy.
He married an air hostess.
He is engaged in the research of AIDS.
He is an ace pitcher.
He thinks he is an Edison.
He is engaged in the study of energy.
He was the first man that climbed Mount Everest.
He conquered Mt. Everest.
He was a member of the expedition which climbed Mount Everest.
He knows nothing about electronics.
He waited for the elevator to come down.
He is liked by Ellen.
He left the motor running.
He pushed the stalled car with all his might.
He went straight to a place where good food was served.
He was put out.
He earns a great deal.
He is as lean as a wolf.
He lives in a large house by himself.
He was brought up in Australia.
I think he is from Australia, but I'm not sure.
He is saving money so that he may buy a motorcycle.
He wrapped himself in his overcoat.
He took off his overcoat.
He entered the classroom with his overcoat on.
He read physics at Oxford.
I think he was angry.
He addressed the letter to his uncle.
He told me that his grandfather is over ninety.
He carried his grandfather on his back.
He is taken care of by his uncle.
He lived next to his uncle.
He was brought up by his uncle.
He succeeded to his uncle's fortune.
He is a nice man, except that he talks too much.
He warned us to cease talking.
He thought maybe this was a trick.
The chances are that he is still in bed.
He wasn't perhaps playing a practical joke on us.
I dare say he will find the right wife for himself.
It is probable that he will fail.
He is likely to come.
He has come down in the world.
He was educated at Oxford.
He is a very agreeable person.
He left for America the day before yesterday.
He chopped down the branch with an ax.
He cut down the tree with an ax.
He gave way to the old lady and let her pass.
He was born in Ohio.
He boarded with his aunt.
He is staying with his aunt.
He was accompanied by his aunt.
John is doing well at the office.
We cannot find him in the office. He may have quit his job.
He wrote the score of the opera.
He rescued a boy from drowning.
He has an endless store of good jokes.
He amused us with a funny story.
He hid his toys under the bed.
He raised his hand as if to command silence.
He's a carbon copy of his father.
He was absent for a matter of ten days.
He took part in the Olympic Games.
He went to the store to buy some oranges.
He killed the goose, foolishly.
He had no money.
He had no money and so could not buy any food.
He is in want of money.
He asked for money.
He compensated me for the accident with money.
He received a ticket in return for the money.
He is very close with his money.
He is quite indifferent to money.
He is hard up for money.
He was hard up for money and lifted goods in a supermarket yesterday.
He is in need of money.
He was hard up.
He works for the sake of money.
He is free from money worry.
How much money does he possess?
How much money does he have?
With all his wealth, he is not happy.
He shut up the money in the safe.
He ran out of money.
He has no money.
He won a sum of money, and not such a small one, either.
He borrowed the money in advance.
He bolted away with all money.
He was accused of stealing money.
He denied having stolen the money.
He was arrested because he stole the money.
He was punished for stealing the money.
He left the restaurant without paying.
I presume that he has paid the money back.
He promised to repay the money, but I doubt his word.
Because of his habit of wasting money, he couldn't get married.
He has money enough and to spare.
Because he was wealthy, he was able to go there.
He is rich, and, what is better, very kind.
He is far from rich.
He was so rich that he could buy any painting he took a fancy to.
He is no less smart than his brother.
He is not as tall as his brother.
They don't have anything in common at all.
They smiled at each other.
He is no less kind than his sister.
He put milk into his tea and stirred it.
He drank a cup of tea and then asked for another.
He is easily flattered.
He held off paying for the television set until the dealer fixed it.
He brought back several souvenirs.
He robbed an old lady.
He likes to boast about his father's successful automobile business.
He is not ashamed of his father being poor.
He resembles his father very closely.
He looks like his father.
He has lost his father's watch.
He is taller than his father.
He likes to sing in the bathtub.
He said he was hungry, and then he added that he was also thirsty.
He gave me this in return.
He had no time when his mother told him to work.
He looks blue as he is schooled by his mother.
He gave a flat refusal to his mother's request.
He came out from behind the curtain.
He came from behind the curtain.
He cheated me at cards.
He was dumped by his girlfriend.
He plays at aerobics just to please his girlfriend.
He was accompanied by his girlfriend.
He warmed himself with a pocket heater.
He bent down and picked up the ball.
He stood on the edge of the cliff.
She is picking over a basket of grapes.
He was carrying an umbrella under his arm.
He didn't take an umbrella with him.
He cut some branches off the oak tree.
He puts aside some gas.
He gave up taking part in the marathon on account of his cold.
He has a cold.
He came down with a cold and had to be away from work.
He got his car washed at the filling station.
He contrived a new engine that does not use gas.
He held his breath while watching the match.
He lost his spirit.
He exhaled a deep breath in discouragement.
He collapsed to his knees.
His knees gave way.
He has never been crowned with such glory.
He once sailed up the Thames.
He is better off than ever before.
He seems to have had a great amount of money.
He once possessed much land.
He is as great a man as ever lived.
He once knew her, but they are no longer friends.
He used to love her.
He hit his brother in a rage.
He is burning with anger.
He struck me in a passion.
He was blazing with anger.
He is subject to fits of anger.
He is inclined to get mad.
He belongs to the Catholic faith.
He came back from Canada.
He is on the point of leaving for Canada.
He has set out for Canada.
He married a Canadian girl.
He speaks English fairly well.
He was rather reluctant, but his brother accepted the offer anyway.
He has quite a few records.
He has any number of books.
He has quite a little money.
He won but only at a price.
He has earned a lot of money.
He did an amount of work.
He is a man of considerable means.
He is under considerable stress.
He is quite good at his job, but lacks initiative.
He was rather drunk, which made a bad impression on the policeman.
He owns a good few sheep.
He has quite a few friends.
He used a lot of honey.
He stayed there some time.
He did a good bit of waiting.
Though he is fairly well off, he is frugal; he takes after his father in that respect.
He zipped open his bag.
He zipped his bag shut.
He went about with a bag.
He eats lunch at a cafeteria.
He trained his camera on me.
He has a camera.
He isn't going to buy a camera.
He blew me a glass doll.
He carried the glassware with care.
Not only he but I am wrong.
Not only he but also his sisters went to the movies.
His sisters as well as he are now living in Kyoto.
He despaired of establishing his office in Calcutta.
He devoted his life to his company.
He turned over a calendar.
He had a narrow escape from being hit by the truck.
He narrowly escaped the disaster.
He barely passed the examination.
He just barely succeeded.
He narrowly escaped death.
He narrowly escaped being run over.
He married a pretty girl.
He saw a pretty girl.
He went out in anger.
He is boiling with rage.
He lost his temper and began calling me names.
He lost his temper and hit the boy.
He cut his finger in opening a can.
He did not die of cancer.
He will not agree with us.
He refuses to listen to me.
He was not about to admit his mistake.
He has got cancer.
He is above cheating in examinations.
He was caught cheating on the exam and got called on the carpet.
He had a shot at the goose.
He made a great contribution to research into cancer.
He is a Cicero in eloquence.
He plays the guitar very well.
He doesn't know how to play the guitar.
He sang to guitar accompaniment.
He played the guitar and she played the piano.
He is able to play the guitar.
He is very fond of playing the guitar.
He told me about an old school behind a high wall in a dirty street.
Tired from the hard work, he went to bed earlier than usual.
He appeared at 5 o'clock to the minute.
He was born within the sound of the Bow bells.
He must have missed his usual train.
I believe that he'll do fine.
He will come all right.
I'm sure he'll catch at this offer.
I'm sure that he will take part in the contest.
I am sure he will make good in that job.
In other words, physical obstacles, perhaps unknown to the original surveyor and engineer, requiring alterations to be made in order to surmount them.
It is wise to provide against a rainy day.
Who is that woman holding the flowers?
My father beat me almost black and blue for playing truant from school.
Among our friends, there are Serbs and Croats and Muslims.
I have three dogs.
I am sorry to have missed the TV program last night.
The problem about "the instrumentality of mankind" is being looked into by the committee.
Political reforms may ameliorate the living conditions of the poor.
Tanaka's teaching goes against the stream of history.
Urban culture appears to be attractive to the younger generation.
In Japan, students are supposed to be selfless and group-centered.
He is sure to be cut from the team.
I don't doubt but that he will come.
He is bound to make a fortune.
He is sure to win the swimming championship.
He will come to the church without fail.
He's sure to help you.
I'm sure he'll pass the coming exam.
He'll come to see me without fail.
He is bound to pass the test.
He is sure to pass the examination.
He is sure to win the game.
He is bound to win the match.
I'm sure that he'll come on time.
You may rely upon it that he will come in time.
He is sure to carry out the task assigned to him.
I'm sure he will go far in the business world.
He is sure to win.
He will succeed without doubt.
He is bound to succeed.
He is certain to succeed.
He said he was sure to succeed; he failed, however.
He will doubtless be late.
He is bound to pass the entrance examination.
I'm sure of his returning home safely.
He is sure to come tomorrow.
I'm sure he will carry out his promise.
He is certain to come.
No doubt he will come.
He is sure to come.
He is a fox of a man.
He gave up his attempt once for all.
He decided to give up smoking once and for all.
He gave up his attempt once and for all.
He gave a flat refusal.
He is not the boy who came here yesterday.
He was busy yesterday afternoon.
He was sick in bed all day yesterday.
What did he do yesterday?
He walked in the park yesterday.
He is the doctor about whom I talked yesterday.
He went by her yesterday.
He came as lately as yesterday.
He set out on a trip yesterday.
Her tears gave more credence to the story.
He made up his mind to marry Kathy.
He hasn't actually eaten caviar.
He is mad on gambling.
Something is the matter with him today.
He will walk in the park this afternoon.
Is he any better today?
He was driven to the last extremity.
He has a smattering of Greek.
He tried to learn Greek, but soon got tired and gave it up.
He seems to be at home in Greek literature.
He's biased against Christianity.
He turned Christian.
He is as great a scholar as ever lived.
He scratched his arm with the nail.
He came home dead tired.
He is making cookies.
He slept soundly.
He was fast asleep.
He felt at home.
He shined his shoes.
He's gonna get axed.
He gave me chapter and verse on how bears pass the winter.
He hates spiders.
He really enjoys and appreciates classical music.
He studies harder than any other student does in his class.
He has always been at the head of the class.
He is by far the best boy in the class.
He can run the fastest in his class.
He is the brightest in the class.
He has the illusion that he is the smartest in his class.
He is the tallest of his class.
He is the eldest in his class.
He is by all odds the most diligent in his class.
He is by far the cleverest student in the class.
He filled the glass with wine.
He speaks English as fluently as any student in his class.
He was as mischievous as any boy in the class.
He is as tall as any boy in his class.
He is as smart as any other boy in the class.
He can play tennis better than any other boy in his class.
He is as intelligent as any student in the class.
He was at the bottom of the class.
He is taller than any other boy in his class.
He is relied on by everyone in the class.
He is on speaking terms with his classmates.
He makes a point of attending class meetings.
He is one of the most popular students in the class.
He can swim faster than any other boy in his class.
He comes to school earlier than any other student in the class.
He worked hard to catch up with the rest of the class.
He is as smart as any in his class.
He towers above the rest of the class.
He is a diligent boy in his class.
He works hardest in his class.
He can run the fastest in the class.
He is the tallest in his class.
He is older than any other student in his class.
He stands high in his class.
He tries to keep abreast of his classmates.
He is as clever as any of his classmates.
He runs as fast as any other classmate.
He is in harmony with all his classmates.
He represented his class at the meeting.
He finds it difficult to keep up with the rest of the class.
He was excluded from the club.
He has been barred from the club.
He was invited to be the chairman of the club.
He begged off from speaking at the club.
He had his clarinet tuned.
He made Miss Green his secretary.
At Christmas he went out of his way to buy me a really nice model plane.
He strayed from his group.
He promised to come, but hasn't turned up yet.
He was supposed to come.
He turned around.
He is involved in working out a crossword puzzle.
He doesn't let Kate drink wine.
He gave me an orange in exchange for a piece of cake.
He blew out the candles on the cake.
He was seen to eat a piece of cake secretly.
He stood up so as to see the game better.
He was fighting regardless of his wound.
He walks with an awkward gait because of an injury.
His injury incapacitated him for work.
He doesn't look himself this morning.
He is never lazy.
He is thrifty, not to say stingy.
He is very frugal, not to say stingy.
He never tells lies.
He never keeps his word.
He never gave in to temptation.
He will by no means come.
He had bruises all over after the fight.
He struck his fist on the table.
He goes by the name of Kenchan.
He was a professor at Cambridge University.
He graduated from Cambridge with honors.
He gave me a curt answer.
He is much older than Ken.
He took a picture of the koala.
He published the book about the history of coins.
He has no less than one hundred coins.
He took a coin out of his pocket.
He has taken all this trouble for nothing.
He took off his coat.
He took his coat off and set to work.
He rushed into the room with his coat on.
He put on his coat and left the house.
He turned his coat inside out.
He doesn't like coffee.
He dissolved some sugar in his coffee.
He added a little sugar to the coffee.
He drinks his coffee black every time.
He drank a cup of coffee.
They chatted over coffee for more than two hours.
He visited with her over a cup of coffee.
He started after he had a cup of coffee.
Do you know he is good at making coffee?
He is roasting coffee beans.
He is addicted to cocaine.
He's just an ordinary student.
He had dark brown hair.
He has been living here these ten years.
He admitted his eagerness to escape from here.
He has forgotten to see you here.
He doesn't have what it takes to make it around here.
He has been waiting here some time.
He pretends that he's a stranger here.
He's here trying to stir up trouble.
He is as young a teacher as ever taught here.
He is said to have died here.
He is playing here.
He came here ten minutes ago.
He arrived here ten minutes early.
He isn't here, is he?
Whenever he comes to this place, he orders the same dish.
He promised me to come here.
He has devoted himself to his studies recently.
He says he has never caught cold during the past several years.
He is no better than a beggar.
He is no better than a beggar is.
He's just a diehard company man.
He ate every bit of his dinner.
He is of a humorous turn of mind.
He told a funny story.
He was patiently digging for facts.
He whispered slyly to me.
He sneaked around to the back door.
He emptied his glass.
He dropped the cup and broke it.
He imitated the works of Van Gogh.
He is a student who I am teaching English this year.
He behaved like a child.
He expressed his opinion in a few words.
He took my umbrella without so much as asking.
He took Connie for my sister.
He has been without employment for a month.
He acquired a vast amount of wealth in these few years.
He has read as many as 50 books for the last two weeks.
He has been the chief of his tribe for 35 years.
He's a regular at the bars and pubs around here.
How did he come by this money?
He showed me how to use this camera.
I don't think he has anything to do with the matter.
He does not have to do this.
He is out of circulation these days.
He had grown senile recently.
He is familiar with this computer.
He puts up with these terms.
He has taken all this work for nothing.
He went out of this door, never to return.
He has been gaining weight.
He was worried about this news.
He worked up a good reputation through this business.
He is a watchman in this building.
He became a great pianist in this way.
He is training a horse for a race.
He explained this passage in detail.
He traveled through the Tohoku district this summer.
He is master of this house.
He holds stocks in this company.
He is the boy who painted this picture.
He went to see her the other day.
He made good progress in handling this machine.
Does he live near here?
He lives in this neighborhood.
He is the best for this project.
He will assist this project.
He has been engaged in this study nearly ten years.
He has this large room to himself.
He is neglecting his research these days.
He is at his best in this work.
He works best at this job.
He got used to the work.
We've found him to be the right man for the job.
He has been well off since he started this job.
He finished this work for himself.
He'll come to see us before he leaves this city.
He is likely to win this game.
He is not so foolish but he can understand this.
He's in this thing up to his balls.
He has no connection with this affair.
He was injured badly in the accident.
He was so used to that kind of back-room wheeling and dealing that he didn't feel guilty.
He is fond of this kind of music.
He can't do this kind of work, and she can't either.
He worked hard for peace for these ten years.
He keeps this gun loaded.
He took up golf this spring.
He will have been teaching for thirty years this spring.
He graduated from high school this spring.
He entered Tokyo University this spring.
He has spent three years writing this novel.
It took him five years to write this novel.
He is as great a statesman as ever lived.
He is as gentle a person as ever lived.
He put this information to good use.
He feels this new law will restrict his freedom.
He has not been in good health for some years.
He is the richest man on earth.
He is the happiest man on earth.
He is fatter than when I last saw him.
He came back last August.
He didn't come to the last meeting.
He played golf last Sunday.
He has been sick since last Sunday.
He has done better than last time.
He's a student at this college.
He has taken much pains in this work.
He disappeared from this town.
He is richer than anyone else in this town is.
He is richer than anyone else in this town.
People say that he is the richest man in this town.
He has a great attachment to this town.
He has a few friends in this town.
His name is known to everyone in the town.
He will come here soon to inspect the industry of this town.
He was elected an official by the inhabitants of this town.
He is from this town.
He knows this town inside out.
He knows how to captivate his audience.
He lives on this street.
He put great emphasis on this point.
He is reputed the best lawyer in this city.
He is in possession of this land.
He is talking of going to Spain this winter.
He wrote this fairy tale by himself.
He has been on a diet for two months.
He is not a patient but a doctor in this hospital.
He thought that there was no point in studying further in this field.
He is a trailblazer in this field.
He knows every inch of this area.
He lives near here.
He is acquainted with many people here.
He was buried in this graveyard.
He paid 1,000 yen for this book.
He's built all his hopes on this book being published.
He reads this book hard.
He holds the key to this problem.
He looked on this role as his big chance.
He applied this theory to his case.
He is in trouble.
He looks to his uncle for advice whenever he is in trouble.
He can come.
He is a golfer.
He is good at golf.
He's a member of the golf club.
He is keen on golf.
He doesn't know how to play golf.
He is playing golf.
He's mowed down a parade of challengers before.
Never in his life had he encountered such a dilemma.
He is as excellent an artist as ever lived.
He is as skillful a surgeon as ever lived.
He's smoking more than ever.
He wants these shirts washed.
They made sure that these orders were carried out.
He doesn't eat this, does he?
He saw no advantage in waiting any longer.
He may wait no longer.
He found it impossible to work any longer.
He can't walk any more.
He has a large farm in Colorado.
He hurt his hand when he fell.
He taught us that Columbus discovered America.
He is afraid to swim.
He began to feel afraid.
It is said that he also invented concrete.
He doesn't look willing to come to the concert.
He derives pleasure from attending concerts.
He distinguished himself in the contest.
He will have been in the hospital for a year next March.
He will be ten next April.
He will pass the coming examination.
He was absorbed in a computer game.
He is familiar with computers.
He is quite at home with computers.
He knows well how to use a computer.
He was entrusted with the sales of computers.
He was very anxious to please.
He bears the title of Sir.
He is really crazy about surfing.
He enjoyed cycling.
He is a psycho.
He sang a medley of Simon and Garfunkel hits.
He arrived here last night.
He often gets angry at small things.
He often quarrels with his brother about trifles.
He is raising a big stink over a minor glitch.
He did not go to college for nothing.
He likes soccer.
He is good at soccer.
He is keen on soccer.
He got his arm broken while he was playing soccer.
He is noted as a soccer player.
He plays soccer.
He likes playing soccer.
He is a soccer player.
He belongs to the soccer club.
He was a regular member of the soccer club.
He is a frank person and easy to talk to.
He whipped around the corner.
He jumped into the water with a splash.
He had various experiences.
He is at home in a variety of fields.
He was looking forward to spending the weekend with her in their little cottage in Somerset.
He met Sam purely by chance.
He left without so much as saying goodbye.
He left the room without so much as saying good-bye to me.
He went off without saying good-bye.
He left the house without so much as saying good-bye.
He went home without so much as saying good-bye.
He left without saying goodbye.
He departed without so much as saying good bye.
Without saying goodbye, he disappeared into the crowd.
He left the house without so much as saying goodbye.
He ate chicken, along with salad and rolls.
He spoke yet more harshly.
He asked for more money.
They went on walking farther.
He looked into the matter further.
He chooses his job only in term of salary.
He got himself up as Santa Claus.
He disguised himself as Santa Claus to please his children.
He believes in Santa Claus.
He satisfied his hunger with a sandwich and milk.
He had jeans on.
He didn't know Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet.
He took a line from Shakespeare.
He was contemporary with Shakespeare.
He read a passage from Shakespeare.
He got words of thanks from James.
He is older than Jane by two years.
He took Jane out for dinner.
He went home with a heavy heart.
He stubbed out his cigar in the ashtray and stood up to leave.
He flew to Chicago, where he happened to see a friend.
He took the job reluctantly.
He soon comprehended the significance of her words.
He will get back soon.
He is burning to make a fortune.
He is very eager to go there.
He is anxious to know the result of the test.
He is busy doing something.
He is aching to go abroad.
He is anxious to know the result.
He is eager to get on in the world.
He is eager to go to the hospital.
He was anxious for fame.
He has a good firm handshake.
He held on firmly to the branch.
He was hounded into quitting.
Sitting still he tried to put his best foot forward.
He lay without movement.
He was lost in thought for a while.
He stared at her hand for a moment.
He often quotes from Shakespeare.
He would often say such a thing.
He often eats breakfast there.
He often asks silly questions.
He often dates Mary.
He would often work for hours without stopping.
More often than not, he is late for school.
He is often absent from school.
He is often referred to as a national hero.
He often suffered from toothache.
He often complains that he has a toothache.
He often mistakes the time, and is late for his appointments.
He often goes to the library by car.
He often acted without regard to the feelings of others.
He often takes a defiant attitude toward us.
He often goes to Tokyo.
He often takes advantage of her ignorance.
He often calls her names.
He often drives his father's car.
He often thinks with his eyes shut.
He often reads far into the night.
He often falls in love.
He stayed here for a while.
He stood there for a while.
He hesitated for a while.
He was lying down for a while.
He rested for a while.
He walked on for some time.
He kept silent for a while.
He was happy for a time.
We decided to leave him alone for a while.
He remained silent for a while.
He directed his remarks at the professor.
He went Europe by way of Siberia.
He came to London by way of Siberia.
Then he brought Simon to Jesus, who looked at him and spoke.
He cut through Sherwood Forest.
He is not so much a journalist as a scholar.
He is a big man in journalism.
He hung his jacket on a hook.
He likes jazz, and so do I.
He knows everything that there is to know about jazz.
He is a good enough authority on jazz.
He has a prejudice against jazz.
He is keen on jazz.
He is so crazy about jazz that he often forgets himself.
He came to listen to jazz.
He is my friend whose name is Jack.
He blotted his shirt with ink spots.
He had his shirt on inside out.
He tends to talk too much.
He blew soap bubbles.
He took up residence in Jamaica.
He set up a new home in Jamaica.
He wrote a book about his adventures in the jungle.
He ran a great risk in the jungle.
He contracted malaria while living in the jungle.
He jumped over a ditch.
He's got plenty but he still wants more.
He took the newspaper away from George.
He is Mr Jones.
He keeps his youth by jogging.
He recovered from the shock.
He went mad because of the shock.
He lifted his elbow too often.
He hangs out a lot with the kids down the street.
He always shows cowardice.
He is always giving presents to his wife.
He was constantly borrowing money from me.
He drops in on me very often.
He got fired for making waves too often.
He went by the name of Johnny.
He demanded that John should go there.
He is my friend whose name is John.
He was christened John.
He appointed John to act as his deputy.
He looked piteous, like a drowned mouse.
He kicked John upstairs.
He promised that he would treat John as his own son.
He tried to devise a plan for getting rid of termites.
He is an amateur gardener, but his flowers are beautiful.
He has gone to Switzerland.
He seems to have saved a lot of money.
He drinks a lot but always seems sober.
He's changed a lot in his looks.
He is really a queer fellow!
He has done with Susie.
He had the nerve to ask for money.
He selected a pair of socks to match his suit.
He looked quite handsome in his suit and tie.
He bought a suit for cash.
He deals with the commercials of the supermarket.
He complained that the soup was too hot.
He had a second helping of soup.
He is smelling the soup.
He broke his leg skiing.
He is keen about skiing.
He showed great skill in skiing.
He is crazy about skiing.
He tumbled on a steep slope while skiing.
He fell and broke his arm while he was skiing.
He enjoyed skiing to his heart's content.
He is utterly unguarded.
He exchanged a plough for a sword.
He has to get up immediately.
He has mastery of his temper.
He loses his temper easily.
He will soon be weary of the task.
He lives close by.
He lost no time in sending the camera back to me.
He loses his temper so easily that everybody avoids him.
He gave me a promise to come back soon.
He will soon get used to the class.
That occurred to him at once.
He soon got over the danger.
He'll soon catch up with Tom.
He wasn't able to stand up at once.
He gave out that he would come over at once and investigate the matter.
He will get well very soon.
There is no likelihood of his getting well soon.
He will soon be allowed to swim.
He came back soon.
He'll be back in a minute.
Will he come home soon?
He said that he would be back soon.
He will soon return home.
He took the initiative in carrying out the plan.
He wasn't long in making up his mind.
He is quick to speak but slow to act.
He finished his chores in no time.
I think he will soon catch up with us.
He didn't keep his promise that he would telephone me soon.
He composed a resignation immediately.
He is fast with his hand.
He left immediately.
He did not try to go to bed at once.
He soon got used to the new surroundings.
He soon left the new job.
Will he get well soon?
He made a quick response.
He lost no time in writing back to her.
He got tired soon.
He was quickly cured of his cold.
He easily catches cold.
He is quick to take offense.
He loses his temper quite easily.
He will write an answer very soon.
He fell asleep right away.
He soon betrayed his ignorance.
He lost no time coming back.
He will be back soon.
He will come back soon.
He said that he would be back right away.
He says he will come at once.
He will get well soon.
His talent was of a high order.
I suppose he will be back soon.
He was so near that I couldn't avoid him.
He is ready with excuses.
He will come down soon.
He instantly agreed to it, and I presently found that I could save half what he paid me.
He demands immediate payment.
He is disposed to laughter.
He will soon be able to swim well.
He is a captious man.
He gets mad very easily.
I don't like him because he loses his temper easily.
He is subject to colds.
He is impatient enough to get angry easily.
He should be back any minute.
He will come in a moment.
He is skating.
He doesn't mince words.
He started to run very fast, so that people began to jump out of his way.
He seems to have been a great athlete.
He is a man of great knowledge, that is to say, a walking dictionary.
He is in the pink.
He has a nice build.
He married a stewardess.
He was completely absorbed in his book.
Although he was exhausted, he had to keep working.
He was utterly perplexed.
He is totally immersed in family life and has no wish to work.
He's all excited.
He has entirely deceived us.
He entirely lost his temper with me.
He is completely absorbed in his business.
His name is mud.
He was good and drunk.
He was completely worn out.
He was completely absorbed in the book.
He followed me along.
He saw a light far away.
He remained steadfast to his principles.
He should have done that long ago.
It turned out that he had long been dead.
He's always been living in Tokyo.
He has been busy.
He remained silent.
He ran over her lines once before she went on stage.
He found a nice apartment for Mary.
He was a warm gentleman with a pleasant sense of humor.
He met a nice young man.
He beat on a drunken man with his stick.
He was walking with a stick in his hand.
He has already finished his work.
I thought that he had already finished the work.
He has already gone out.
He has already said yes.
He warmed himself at the stove.
He proved to be a spy.
He was executed as a spy.
He was under suspicion of being a spy.
He quickly went out of the room.
He has a wonderful personality.
He hit on a splendid idea.
He composes beautiful poems.
He has built up an excellent business.
He is a good athlete.
He had a brainstorm when he invented that machine!
He fainted in the midst of his speech.
He prepared his speech very carefully.
He accelerated.
He was caught for speeding.
He ignored the speed limit and drove very fast.
He dipped his spoon into the soup.
He is said to know a lot about Spain.
He seems to have lived in Spain.
He has been to Portugal, not to mention Spain.
He is a good speaker of Spanish.
He can speak some Spanish, much more English.
He applied himself to the study of Spanish.
He is capable of teaching Spanish.
He used to try very hard to get straight As.
He was charmed against all evil.
He did well in all subjects and, above all, in mathematics.
He outdoes me in every subject.
He studies hardest of all the students.
He lost all his hopes.
He abandoned all hope.
He is the tallest of all boys.
He set all offers aside.
He was loved by everybody.
He was absolved of all responsibility.
He measured all his shelves.
He was strongly against all violence.
He solved all the problems.
He seems to live in harmony with all his friends.
He used all available means.
He sees everything in terms of money.
He tends to think of everything in terms of money.
It seems to have that he knows everything.
He thought the whole thing a bad joke.
He echoes his wife in everything.
He retorted that it was all my fault.
It seems that he knows everything.
He was in favor of equality for all.
He won first prize at the spelling contest.
He has mania for sports cars.
He is not fond of sports, and I am not either.
Sports cured him of his inferiority complex.
He is a lover of sports.
He looks like a sportsman, but he is a writer.
He has no leisure for sport.
He excels in many sports.
He pressed his pants.
Did he have his trousers pressed?
He's keeping a straight face.
He lied readily.
He has a slender figure.
He seems to be in a slump.
He seized the pickpocket by the collar.
He was caught in the act of pickpocketing.
He had a lot of things to do.
He always takes his time in everything that he does.
He has a hundred dollars at most.
He has not more than 10 dollars.
He is not more than eighteen.
He paid at most ten thousand dollars.
He will pay 20 dollars at most.
He stayed there not more than four days.
He has at most 100 dollars.
He is at best a second-rate scholar.
He put on his sweater wrong side out.
He disguised himself as a salesman and visited her house.
He makes a living as a salesman.
He cleared his throat, and said:"I love Tatoeba!".
He is busy preparing for the examination.
He pressed me to stay a little longer.
He is busily at work.
He is far from being happy.
He isn't happy at all.
He was the very man for such a position.
He said it, and what was more surprising, he did it himself.
He was made to do so.
He objects whenever he wants to.
He solved all those problems with ease.
He thought, and very wisely, that it was best to do so.
He had no qualms in doing so.
He felt ill at ease among prominent scholars.
Even then he did not allow himself to be discouraged.
He did not say so.
He makes out that he has a right to say so.
He must have said so without giving it much thought.
He may have said so.
No sooner had he said it than he was sorry.
He denies having said so.
He has gained enough wisdom not to say so.
He seemed to have thought so.
He seems to think so.
He has been sitting there for two hours.
He told me not to swim there.
He told the news to everyone he met there.
He accurately described what happened there.
He observed many types of creatures there.
He examined the house with an eye to opening a store there.
He didn't make public what he had discovered there.
He was attacked there by the rebels.
He is playing there.
He will arrive there about five o'clock.
He was alone there.
He was made to go there.
He didn't go there. Neither did I.
Didn't he go there?
He forgot his promise to go there.
He advised me to go there.
He went there, never to return.
He sat there smoking a pipe.
He lived there all by himself.
He knows better than to go there alone.
He went there swimming only to be drowned.
He didn't go there.
He will have to go there.
He was reluctant to go there.
Did he go there?
He was afraid to go there.
He was told to remain standing all the way to go there.
He made up his mind to go there.
They mentioned having been there.
On arriving there, he left again.
We'd better leave him alone.
He stole into the house and immediately went to bed without being noticed by anyone.
He had left his country one year before.
He kept on smoking all the time.
He may come here yet.
He wanted the toy worse than before.
He paid the money into his account.
He lives just around the corner.
He lost his heart to the pretty girl.
He dashed the glass to the floor.
He will take charge of the class.
They excluded John from the club.
He applied for admission to the club.
He did the crossword with ease.
He was an old hand at the game.
He is lost in the game.
He is in great trouble about that.
He was all chocked up about it.
He is nervous about it.
He spoke to her about the matter.
He was accused of having lied about the affair.
He has only a superficial knowledge of the subject.
He denied knowing anything about it.
He professed to know nothing about it.
He explained that he knew nothing about the matter.
He seems to know nothing about the matter.
He is in error about the matter.
He reasoned with his child about the matter.
He did not mention it.
The story goes that he really had nothing to do with it.
He took it in his stride.
He thought the matter over for three days.
They didn't so much as hint at it.
He was already regretting it.
He thought it over and decided not to go.
He told me about it in private.
He knew it all along.
He laughed the matter away.
He disposed of the trash.
He was itching for a ticket to the concert.
He got the first prize in the contest.
He is acquainted with the custom.
He had a great deal to do with the scandal.
He admits being involved in the scandal.
He ate up the steak and ordered another.
He looked at the slide under the microscope.
He was taken in by the salesman.
He slipped the gaudy shirt on.
He ran away with the diamond.
That cost him his job.
He tasted the cheesecake.
He was excluded from the team.
He was made captain of the team.
He is on the team.
He likes that video game very much.
He tried to open the door.
He had no money with him then.
Did he not laugh then?
It seems that he was half asleep then.
He had no clothes other than what he was wearing.
He watched the drama holding his breath.
He had no difficulty explaining the mystery.
How did he respond to the news?
He heard the news on the radio.
He wanted to hear about the news.
He contradicted the news.
He was surprised to hear the news.
He looked surprised at the news.
He turned pale at the news.
He found the party was rather slow.
He postponed the party.
He hurried in order to get the bus.
He is in a hurry to catch the bus.
He walked the batter intentionally.
He tucked the handkerchief in his pocket.
He arranged that piano music for the violin.
He finished the beer and ordered another.
He took over the business.
His health was affected by the great heat.
He found it impossible to lift the lid.
The translation of the French novel took him more than three months.
He is pleased with the present.
He put a mark on the page.
He took great pains in the negotiation.
He asked me to throw the ball back.
He is adequate for the post.
He has stayed at the hotel for five days.
He stayed in the hotel.
He wanted to commit the whole message to memory.
He was involved in the trouble.
He refuses to become involved in the trouble.
When asked how to do it, he said he didn't know.
He could not help jumping for joy at the good news.
He was glad at about the good news.
He was cheered by the good news.
He's on top of the world after hearing the good news.
He would not dare to do such a thing.
He refused to accept such an absurd proposal.
He makes a rule of attending such meetings.
He remained calm in the face of such danger.
He is a man who I supposed was incapable of such cruelty.
He wasn't the kind of father to make much of such matters.
He could not buy the stereo set at such a price.
He went so far as to say such a rude thing.
He bought me the radio for ten dollars.
He ate all of the apple.
He won the race easily.
He took part in the race.
He had a good time in the restaurant.
He is not so foolish that even he can't see the reason.
He could not get out of the bad habit.
He looked grave when told the bad news.
He has big influence to fix the plan which the committee executes.
He represented the labor union on the committee.
He has been asked to sit on the committee.
He worked against the opinion.
He had a great belief in the doctor.
He took the blow on the head.
He began to look into the matter.
He rendered the passage into English.
He is related to the family.
He was the brains behind the plot.
He played a major part in the movement.
Does he have anything to do with the campaign?
He found the movie very dull.
He was told to get off at the station.
He must have reached the station.
He was banished from the kingdom.
He was irritated by the sound.
He was seen to come out of the house.
He took a great fancy to that house.
He caught sight of a thief attempting to break into the house.
He watched those who went in and out of the house.
He hurried to the house only to find that it was empty.
He hurried to the house only to be disappointed to find that it was empty.
He went over the house.
He came to inspect the house with a view to buying it.
He dominates his family and makes all the decisions.
He walked past the house.
He went over the house before deciding whether to buy it.
He is rich enough to buy the furniture.
He took leave of the family.
We have never heard him sing the song.
He had a narrow escape at that fire.
He was burned to death in the fire.
He failed to escape from the fire and burned to death.
He confessed that he had broken the vase.
He was excluded from the society.
He has decided not to go to the meeting.
He was debarred from entering the club.
He attended the meeting as deputy president.
He was present at the meeting.
He was admitted to the club.
He was dressed in a dark suit at the meeting.
He took part in the meeting.
He entered up the sum in his account book.
He made a speech in English at the meeting.
He arrived in time for the meeting.
He is present at the meeting.
He rose through the ranks to the top position at the company where he started his career.
He began to transact business with the firm.
He applied for a position in the office.
He is the lawful owner of the company.
He succeeded his father as president of the company.
He tried to memorize the conversation.
He made great efforts to stop the reform as best he could.
He advocated to us that the changes be made.
He paid as much as a million dollars for the painting.
He put the painting at a very high price.
He turned his attention to the picture.
He stared at the picture.
He bought the picture for next to nothing.
He stood gazing at the painting.
He is rich enough to buy the painting.
He painted the picture in oils.
He is going after a job in the city.
He got lost in the city.
He jumped over the hedge.
He went round the corner at top speed.
He turned the corner.
He played an active part in the revolution.
He made a voluntary contribution to the school.
He was admitted to the school.
He set up the school.
He is known for his scholarship.
He was greatly influenced by a number of books on literature by the scholar.
He seems to be very fond of the student.
He was denied that pleasure.
He wrote the Chinese poem in bold strokes.
He dozed all the while.
He kept on working all the while.
He was silent all the time.
He kept smoking all the while.
He stayed there all the time.
He was not aware of the danger.
He made good use of the opportunity.
He makes the most of his opportunities.
He made the most of the chance.
He made the best of the opportunity.
He availed himself of the chance.
He took advantage of the opportunity to visit the museum.
He gave an explanation of the machine.
He taught me how the machine operated.
He sketches the outline of the machine.
He broke the machine by using it incorrectly.
He put the machine in motion.
He is capable of keeping a secret when he wants to.
He is willing enough.
He wrote a fine preface to the play.
He didn't participate in the discussion.
He tried to bring the argument to an end.
He lives at the top of the hill.
He would often go to that tavern.
He wants to participate in the contest.
He was disqualified from taking part in the contest.
He took part in the athletic meeting.
He won the race easily without being fully extended.
He has something to do with the robbery.
He was arrested as an accessory to the robbery.
He stared at the faithful miniature of the dinosaur.
He mocked the way the professor speaks.
He esteems the professor highly.
He demanded that the savage dog be kept tied up.
He made good use of the money.
He regarded the money as gone.
He absconded with the money.
He applied the money to the payment of debts.
He admitted that he stole the gold.
He got the money from her by a trick.
He opened a checking account with the bank.
He has some money in the bank.
He explained the literal meaning of the phrase.
He quickly made friends with the new boy on the block.
He got over the end.
The experience gave him the courage.
When he was at the acme of his career, a scandal brought about his downfall.
He is pleased with the plan.
He contributed fifty dollars to the project.
He opposed the plan to the last.
He had much to do with the project.
He doesn't know everything about the plan.
He wouldn't mention the plan.
He knows nothing about the plan.
He pointed out that the plan would cost a lot of money.
He made it clear that he was against the plan.
He showed interest in the plan.
Is he in favor of the plan?
He is neither for nor against the plan.
We understand that he is for the plan.
He made a speech in support of the plan.
He looked on the plan with great favor.
He opposed the plan.
He explained the main purpose of the plan.
He put forward a plan for improving the rate of production.
He didn't give up the plan.
He need not give up the plan.
He had to call on all his experience to carry out the plan.
He put the plan into practice.
He left no stone unturned to carry out the plan.
He did his best to carry out the plan.
He carried out the plan.
He decided to get on with the plan.
He abandoned the plan.
He carried out the scheme faithfully.
He looked on the plan as impossible.
He asked the policeman how many people had been killed in traffic accidents the previous day.
He played a minor part in the play.
He has written several criticisms of that play.
He's the projectionist at the theater.
He was incautious in regard to the decision.
He raised an objection to the decision.
He felt nervous about the result.
He was, to some degree, satisfied with the result.
He is quite satisfied with the result.
He's depressed about the result.
He is unsatisfied with the result.
He was delighted to see you.
He was satisfied with the result.
He is anxious about the result.
He was satisfied to know the result.
It seems that he has something to do with the matter.
He will advise you on that matter.
He didn't agree with us about the matter.
He made a premature decision on the matter.
He has something to do with the matter.
He seems to be involved in that matter.
He explained the matter to me.
He came in sight of the building.
He made up a story about the dog.
He threw a stone at the dog.
He is afraid of the dog.
He drove the dog away.
He had a duplicate key made from that one.
He denied the accusation.
He was in the true sense of the word cultured.
He used the word in a good sense.
He cherishes the old photographs.
He adopted the orphan.
He has a big restaurant near the lake.
He remained abroad ever since then.
What has become of him?
They lived happily ever after.
He was never to see his homeland again.
He looked up the word in his dictionary.
He put the mistake down to me.
He conversed with those exchange students.
He got injured in the traffic accident.
The traffic accident deprived him of his sight.
He got hurt seriously in the traffic accident.
He has something to do with the traffic accident.
He lost his breath at the sight.
He was very excited by the scene.
He was frightened at the sight.
He was amazed at the sight.
He felt like crying at the sight.
He did nothing but stand watching the scene.
He could not bear to see the scene.
He may not have known the formula.
He paid $20 for the lipstick.
He didn't go for the idea.
The idea grew on him.
He abandoned the idea.
He is the principal of the high school.
He didn't catch the signal.
He began to play the music written by a pianist in that country.
He seems to have left the country.
He put on the black coat.
Is he aware of the difficulty?
He got over the difficulties.
He has got over the trouble.
He left his wife an enormous fortune.
He has no claim to the property.
He admitted that he had stolen the treasure.
He cut down that cherry tree.
He removed himself from that murder case.
He took a quick look at the magazine.
He succeeded in climbing the mountain.
He thought that he could climb the mountain.
He equipped himself with everything needed to climb the mountain.
It was possible for him to do the work.
He is aware that the work is difficult.
He will not be able to do the work.
He made a big hit in that business.
He was the first man I interviewed for the job.
The task absorbed all his energies.
He exhausted his strength on the work.
He is an old hand at that work.
He set about the work.
He is still green at the job.
He is used to the work.
He is just right for the job.
He is the last man that is suited for the job.
He is accustomed to the work.
He doesn't turn to that work.
He has settled down to the job.
He applied for the job and got it.
He is thoroughly familiar with the business.
He concentrated on his work.
He applied himself to the task.
He was given ample payment for the work.
He is adequate to the job.
He is the right man for the job.
He was not an apt person for the task.
He got tired of the work, and left it half-done.
He is greatly troubled about that job.
It is possible for him to do the job.
He is still too young for the job.
He had to, but didn't want to, do the job.
He has worked out a quicker way to get the job finished.
He was equal to the job.
He made a fine job of it.
He could not help undertaking the job.
He accepted the job.
He labored to complete the work.
He had a share in completing the job.
He has done the work completely.
He has agreed to do the task.
He recommended me to apply for the job.
He did the work for himself.
He is equal to the job.
He said that he must finish the work by noon.
He has decided to carry on the work.
He gave the child a toy.
He liked the boy's frank way of speaking.
He rescued the child from the burning house.
He walked slowly for the child to follow.
He expected the boy to be the staff of his old age.
He rescued the child from the fire.
He was elected mayor of the city.
He crushed the sheet of paper up into a ball.
He tore the paper in two.
He extracted a passage from the poem.
He gave us his impression of the poem.
He learned the poem by heart.
He read the poem in a monotone.
He conjured up Arcadia reading the poem.
He gave in to the temptation.
He was successful in the attempt.
He got a fair mark in the examination.
He succeeded in the examination at his first attempt.
Did he succeed in the examination?
He studies hard to pass the exam.
He thought it impossible to pass the exam.
He ought to pass the examination, for he is very capable.
He appeared as a pinch hitter in the game.
He is not very strict about it.
He replied that he knew nothing about it.
He derived a lot of profit from the enterprise.
He played an important part in the enterprise.
He had to answer for the consequences of the project.
He backed us up in the case.
He had nothing to do with the case.
He is involved in the case a little.
He professes that he had no connection with that affair.
He seems to have a great deal to do with the affair.
It seems that he knows something about that incident.
He expressed regret over the affair.
He pretends as though he had nothing to do with the case.
He is concerned with the case.
He mentioned the incident to his wife.
He made an accurate report of the incident.
The police arrested the suspect in the case.
She was hurt in the accident.
He went blind in the accident.
He got his neck broken in the accident.
He was injured in the accident.
He denied having been involved in the affair.
He described the accident in detail to the police.
He is a third party to the accident.
He was involved in the accident and killed on the spot.
He died soon after the accident.
He lapsed into despair after that accident.
He gave a detailed description of the accident.
Did he mention the accident?
He was the only witness of the accident.
He was late as a result of the accident.
He blamed me for the accident.
He witnessed the accident.
He took hope from that fact.
He professes ignorance of the fact.
He made nothing of the fact and failed.
He took no account of the fact.
He concealed the fact from me.
He was ignorant of the fact.
He denied that fact.
He promptly coped with the situation.
He has only a superficial knowledge of the matter.
He seems more or less familiar with the subject.
He handed over the keys of the office to the police.
He contributed a lot of money to the charity.
He was here at that time.
He wasn't watching TV then.
He was good and mad by that time.
He had often visited Europe before that time.
He did not have anything with him then.
He must have been home then.
He was then a boy of ten.
He typified the times in which he lived.
He was then fresh from college.
He was tired then.
He looked tired then.
He may have been ill then.
He was reading a book at that time.
He used the dictionary.
He shot an arrow at the deer.
He couldn't bring himself to shoot the deer.
He was present at the ceremony.
He bore himself well at the ceremony.
He responded kindly to the question.
He was puzzled at the question.
He could not answer that question.
He is so clever that he could answer the question.
He needs to answer the question.
He turned away the question.
He is sure of succeeding in the experiment.
He was the first to carry out the experiment.
He tried the experiment again and again.
He works in the laboratory.
He means the play to be a tragedy.
He lay at full length on the grass.
He took the car on trial, but didn't like it so he took it back.
He got into the car and drove off.
He got the car for nothing.
He doesn't have to wash the car.
He has made up his mind to buy the car.
He is rich enough to buy that car.
He decided to sell the car.
He proposed to the young woman.
He is adhesive to the cause.
He waited on his master.
He avoided the bait.
He failed to answer the letter.
He delayed answering the letter.
He wrenched the letter from my hand.
He read the letter over and over.
He sent the letter back unopened.
When he got the letter, he burned it without reading it.
He hurried to his parents as soon as he received the letter.
He had no sooner got the letter than tore it in two.
He read the letter in a loud voice.
He circulated the letter among the members.
Far from reading the letter, he did not even open it.
He may have read the letter.
He performed the trick with ease.
He is an expert at solving such problems.
He posed as a dentist at that bar.
He was interviewed for the job, but couldn't get it.
He made every effort to get out of that habit.
He said that he was giving a party that week, and that I was invited to it.
He was convinced that he could make a success of the weekly magazine in the long run.
He dismissed the employee.
He seems not to have realized its importance.
He exclaimed that I should not touch the gun.
He attached great importance to the event.
He had access to the papers.
He has given up trying to put the papers in order.
When he met the lady, he raised his hat.
He got the lady some water.
He is enchanted by the girl's beauty.
He excluded the woman from the suspects.
He made the actress his wife.
He believed the merchant entirely.
He made money from that business.
He centered his business on the metropolitan area.
He applied for the scholarship.
He rose to his feet to protect the people in the small town.
He won fame by the novel.
It took him three years to write the novel.
He tied the parcel up.
He was able to get along on the small amount of money.
He feigned indifference to the girl.
He played the girl a piece of music of his own writing.
He praised the girl for her honesty.
He stole a glance at the girl.
They adopted the little girl.
He saw the boy jump over the fence and run away.
He seems to be very fond of the boy.
He provided the boys with food, clothing and shoes.
He gave the boy what little money he had.
He looked into the boy's eyes.
He calls the boy Tom.
He has sent the boy on an errand.
He affirmed that he saw the crash.
He reported the details with accuracy.
He deserves the prize.
He is proud of having won the prize.
He did everything in order that he could get the prize.
He feels the prize to be the superior.
He worked hard in order to get the prize.
He applied for admission to the riding club.
He could not see the joke.
He was murdered on the spot.
He paid the money on the spot.
He failed to appear on the occasion.
He was merely sitting in the place.
He made an excuse just to suit the occasion.
He was surprised at the scene.
He was master of the situation.
He made a close analysis of the situation.
He acceded to the office.
He was the strongest candidate for the position.
He is not qualified for the job.
He made it clear that he didn't like the food.
He took a chance investing his money in the new company.
He tried out that new machine.
He protested against the new plan.
He is opposed to the new plan.
He is opposed to carrying out the new plan.
He is very pleased with the new bicycle.
He felt pleased with the new car.
He tore the newspaper in half.
He adopted the new method.
I am of the opinion that he will not accept the proposal.
He showed no gratitude for the offer.
He was going accept the offer, but thought better of it.
He availed himself of the offer.
It seems that he is aware of the fact.
He did not repeat the truth to anyone.
He is well spoken of by those people.
He guided the man through the streets to the station.
He drank very little of the water.
He drank three cups of the water, one after the other.
He wrote down the number lest he should forget it.
He is involved in working out the mathematical problem.
He added up the figures.
He was disappointed about the result.
He offered a big bribe to the politician.
Does he have anything to do with the political party?
He assumed the leadership of the political party.
He is quick to find fault with the student's penmanship.
He praised the pupil for his honesty.
He gave the stone a fling.
He tried in vain to lift up the stone.
He decided on the red car.
He put on the red jacket.
He likes that teacher.
He wasn't about to pass up that once-in-a-lifetime chance.
He would often go fishing in the river.
He swam across the river.
He attempted to swim across the river.
He failed in his attempt to swim the river.
He is said to have taken part in the battle.
He believed that the war was fought in the cause of justice.
He was wounded in the battle.
He drank of the spring.
He leaped over the shallow ditch.
He is on board the ship.
He served as the pilot of the ship.
He named the ship the Swallow.
He defeated his opponent in the election.
He has the election under his belt.
He regretted having been lazy in the former term.
He said to me: "I lost my textbook yesterday morning".
He is at the head of the class.
He could not perceive any difference between the twins.
He complained about the noise.
He had to leave the village.
He got lost on his way to the village.
He was known to everybody in the village.
He is as brave a man as any in the village.
He had to carry the bag.
He used a big piece of paper to make the bag.
He threw a stone at the big dog.
He has the large room to himself.
He was the leader of the great expedition.
He is at university.
He endowed the college with a large sum of money.
He gave me some good advice about entering that college.
He was not allowed to enroll in the college.
He was granted admission to the university.
He capitalized on every opportunity to learn from the great scholar.
He threw the big man down.
He cut down the big tree with an ax.
He assumed that the man was hiding something from him.
He accused the man of stealing.
He asked the man to help him.
He killed him.
He said he did not know the man, which was a lie.
He described the man as a model gentleman.
He blamed the man for stealing.
He changed his countenance at the news.
He was very much disappointed at the news.
He was deeply agitated by the news.
He heard the news calmly.
He was surprised at the news.
He was amazed at the news.
He felt himself shaken at the news.
He was agitated by the news.
How did he take the news?
He knew the news, but he kept it to himself.
He is glad to hear the news.
He was somewhat disappointed to hear the news.
He will lose his temper at the news.
He was relieved at the news.
He was pleased to hear the news.
He seemed surprised at the news.
He got angry to hear the news.
Hearing the news, he jumped out of his chair.
He could hardly wait to hear the news.
Do you think he is good for the position?
He thinks he is fit for the position.
He applied for the position.
He trembled at the thought of the earthquake.
He warned me against crossing the road at that point.
He cast a stone into the pond.
He has access to the stored information.
He had a hard time to disengage himself from the gang.
He was able to get work in that town.
He lives in the town.
He contributed to the development to the city.
He knows the city well.
He left the town and was never seen again.
He drew his conclusions based on that survey.
He lost sight of the bird.
He tried to catch the bird, but couldn't.
He was in favor of the proposition.
He voted for the proposal.
He cast a vote for the proposition.
He is hostile to the proposal.
He chased the thief.
He trussed up the thief.
He bought a piece of furniture at the store.
He said nothing as to that point.
He was explicit on the point.
He is in a hurry to catch the train.
He set down the telephone number.
He laid claim to the land.
He renounced the ownership of the land.
He is entitled to get the land; it was his father's.
He found it difficult to swim to the island.
He was then living from hand to mouth.
He pretended not to know the answer.
He sided with the opposition group in the argument.
He participated in the debate.
He knows almost nothing about that animal.
He set a trap to catch the animal.
He is a recognized authority on the subject.
He came down the road.
He handled the tool skillfully.
He found a clue to solve the mysterious affair.
He looked into historical documents to solve the mystery.
He turned up a key to the solution of the mystery.
He had no difficulty in explaining the mystery.
He persevered with the hard lessons.
He brought off the difficult act quite easily.
He was able to pass the difficult test.
He is the shorter of the two boys.
He is the taller of the two.
He did hard manual labor through the day.
He said that he had arrived there that morning.
He was to have started that day.
He lives from hand to mouth.
He's living from hand to mouth.
He lives hand to mouth and never saves a cent.
He set up his company that year.
He was acclaimed as the best writer of the year.
He stuck the broken pieces together.
He bet two pounds on the horse.
He became acquainted with the actor.
He was alarmed by the explosion.
He looked into the box.
He put the box on the table.
He crushed the box.
He tried to open the box in vain.
He was not able to open the box.
He would not take back the remark.
He is accredited with the invention.
He deserves the punishment.
He appealed to a higher court against the decision.
He took part in the anti-war demonstration.
He denied having taken part in the crime.
He was innocent of the crime.
He was unaware of the enormity of the offense.
He is innocent of the crime.
He made a profit of ten thousand dollars on the sale.
He shook hands with the girl.
He was much affected by the sad news.
He heard the ill tidings without emotion.
He kept the secret to himself.
It is said that he knows the secret.
He seems to know the secret.
He went aboard the plane.
He was excited to see the beautiful scenery.
He took a picture of the beautiful landscape.
He contributed a lot of money to the hospital.
He died of that disease.
He gave the poor woman some bread and a five dollar bill besides.
He had no part in the scandal.
He saluted the lady.
He was attracted to the woman.
He was alone in the room.
He made his way to the room.
He proposed that they put up at that inn.
He put the room in order.
He came up with a terrific solution to the complex problem.
He started at the noise.
He read the story five times over.
He adapted the story for children.
He is known as a proficient artist in his field.
He has extracted a great many examples from the grammar book.
He shot an arrow at the soldier.
He knocked at the closed door.
He didn't notice the change, but I did.
He is entitled to receive the reward.
He connects himself with the law firm.
He derived great benefit from the book.
He made a few remarks on the book.
He showed an interest in the book.
He didn't have the least idea of the book.
He reached out for the book.
He was seen to take out the book secretly.
He translated the book from French into English.
He hasn't read the book yet.
He picked up the book.
He was put in jail for writing the book.
He concealed the book under his coat.
He replaced the book on the shelf.
He read the book through.
He is anxious to read the book.
He continued reading the book.
He finished reading the book.
He was able to read the book.
He wanted to buy the book.
He hopes to explore the uninhabited island.
He was enamored of the girl.
He is a poet worthy of the name.
He compared the imitation with the original.
He cut away the dead branches from the tree.
He climbed the tree without difficulty.
He hid behind the tree.
He helped the blind man to cross the street.
He did his best to the end.
He is smart enough to answer all the questions.
He was stumped by the problem.
He has nothing to do with the matter.
He made it clear that he had nothing to do with the matter.
He asked her advice about the problem.
He knows next to nothing about the issue.
He consulted with some of the staff on the matter.
He is thinking about the problem.
He did not give his opinion on that question.
He would have his say on the subject.
He debated on the problem with his parents.
He wrote a paper on the subject.
He doesn't seem to be aware of the problems.
He referred to the subject.
He has the subject at his fingertips.
He can cope with the problems.
He focused his attention on that problem.
He felt ashamed of not answering the question.
He tried in vain to solve the problem.
He does not know how to solve the problem.
He came up with the solution to the problem.
He noted that the problem must be handled carefully.
He solved the difficult problem easily.
Since he could not work out the problem that way, he tried another way.
He thinks that he cannot manage the problem well.
He tried to argue the matter away.
He solved all of the problems simply.
He had no difficulty in solving the problem.
He is familiar with the subject.
He solved the problem with ease.
He solved the problem by himself.
He was able to solve the problem.
It took him ten minutes to solve the problem.
He found it difficult to solve the problem.
He is clever enough to solve the problem.
He had no difficulty solving the problem.
We think it possible for him to solve the problem.
He was so clever that he could solve the problem.
He tried to solve the problem.
He tried to solve the problem, which he found very difficult.
He exerted himself to solve the problem.
He acted on the matter.
He tried to solve the problem, only to fail.
He put too much emphasis on the matter.
He explained the matter in detail.
They are looking into the problem.
He made a thorough analysis of the problem.
He cast off the problem from his mind.
He put special emphasis on the problem.
He understands the problem.
He has a good understanding of the problems.
He was looking forward to that evening's date.
He did not so much as speak to me all the evening.
He lodged at Mr Kato's for the night.
He was chatting with his friend Jesse Jackson about the meeting that night.
He accommodated the traveler for the night.
He could not catch the hare.
He has made the baseball team.
He performed the role with great ability.
He resigned from the post.
Did he undertake the mission?
He must have forgotten all about the promise.
He got all the worse because he took the medicine.
He's every bit as clever as his friend.
He shook hands with the famous singer.
He said he knew the famous actress, which was a lie.
He made the final decision on all such matters.
He tried to take hold of the sheep.
He tried to make his point.
He anticipated traveling abroad the next year.
He is too wise not to see the reason.
He set out his reasons clearly.
He explained the reason at length.
He illustrated the theory with facts.
He booked a room for me at the inn.
He saved money for the trip.
He was in the queue.
He ran into the train.
He hurried so as not to miss the train.
He sent me the message by telephone.
He was more interested in politics than in economics of the labor dispute.
He consented to help the old lady.
It seems that he was very much amused by the story.
He believes that the story is true.
He was deeply moved by the story.
He amused the children with the story.
He was completely taken in by the story.
He was delighted at the story.
He got interested in the story.
He didn't participate in the story.
He knew better than to tell the story to her.
He made up that story.
He rewrote the story into a completely different one.
He regarded the story as a joke.
He was incredulous of the story.
He is not such a fool as to believe that story.
He made up the whole story.
He told his brother the story.
He wasn't silly enough to tell that story before her.
The story shook him badly.
He remarked on the topic.
He is familiar with the topic.
He is lying on the sofa.
He was lying on the sofa, but sat up as she entered the room.
He took a slide down the hill on his sled.
I'm afraid that he can't do it.
He entertains some hope of accomplishing it.
He said he could do it.
He is the only person that can do it.
He came home three hours after that.
What has become of him since then?
He is not such a fool but he can understand it.
He is not so foolish but he can tell that.
I think he has enough intelligence to understand it.
He found them on his own head.
They looked relieved only when it was in motion.
He was never to see his native land again.
He doesn't know any better.
He paid his dues for what he is now.
He turned over a new leaf in life.
He has something to do with it.
He has nothing to do with it.
He said nothing to the contrary.
He calculated that it would cost him 100 dollars.
He didn't say a word about it.
He asked a question about it.
He mentioned it.
He made a joke about it.
He is very direct about it.
It seems that he knows about it.
He may have said something about it, but I don't remember.
He decided on that.
He asked $5 for it.
He took the position that he agreed to it.
He was only too glad to help us.
He thinks nothing of doing it by himself.
He admitted that it was true.
He convinced me that it was not his fault.
He called it unfair.
He isn't as honest as all that.
He was that angry.
He is not so tall.
He lost almost all the stamps he had collected.
He was ashamed of not having worked hard.
He, who had been lazy, failed his exam.
He had never canceled an appointment before.
He doesn't know who built those houses.
He wants to eat both of them.
He found them in the pigeon's heads, behind the eyes.
He explained the process of putting them together.
He finished it in three days, but it took me as many weeks.
He bought it for five dollars.
He could not leave the thing alone.
He can do it well, and you can do it even better.
He is sure of it being curry.
He did it, and in her presence.
He did it, and what was more surprising, he did it by himself.
He denied having done it.
What was his motive for doing it?
He denies having done it.
He went on doing it.
He told me to do it, so I did it.
He picked it up carefully.
He is selling it just as it is.
He must have made it up.
What do you think he meant by that?
He did it by himself, and admirably.
He did it under my very nose.
He ate all of it.
He repeated it again.
He told me that he would see it once more.
He should have finished it by now.
He said that with dignity.
It is likely that he did it on purpose.
He determined to finish it alone.
He couldn't think where to hide it.
He was convinced of the necessity of learning it.
He is looking forward to it.
He had to work as hard as he could to finish it in time.
He said that with an affected air.
He may have seen it.
He must have seen it.
He cannot have seen it.
The sight tempted him to steal.
No sooner had he seen it than he turned pale.
He threatened to make it public.
He gave it to me for nothing.
He was panting to have a go at it.
He is so strong as to lift it.
He will do his best to finish it on time.
He did it of his own accord.
He took it for an implied rebuke.
No sooner had he done it than he began reading.
He expressed it in the form of fiction.
He couldn't help laughing at it.
He explained it at length.
He took it from beneath his coat.
He did it all out of kindness.
He seems to make nothing of it.
He promised to keep it to himself.
He knows it, and he doesn't care a bit.
He is not such a fool as not to know it.
He seems not to have known it.
He finished it as quick as lightning.
You can not expect him to know the story seeing he has not read it.
He kept it secret.
He did it by unfair means.
He was discouraged to hear that.
When he heard it, he saw red.
He turned pale to hear that.
He put the blame upon me.
He took it from her by force.
He could not walk any further.
He couldn't keep his temper any longer.
Never has he returned since.
He has engaged in religious activity since then.
He has since taken to drinking at lunch.
He was in a twitter.
He has ants in his pants.
He denied having said such a thing.
He added that he didn't believe it.
He was ashamed of having done such a thing.
He had, I thought, no right to do that.
He is the last man to do such a thing.
He is capable of doing such a thing.
He would be the last one to believe that.
He knew better than to say such a thing.
He needn't go in such a hurry.
Need he run so fast?
He need not have run so fast.
You'd better not drink too much coffee so late at night.
He could not stand being kept waiting so long.
He did not expect to live so long.
He grudged spending money on such a thing.
He had never seen such a bad boy.
How did he make his living in such poverty?
Is he so foolish as to believe that?
He knows better than to believe such a thing.
Never has he been to such a place.
He cannot have gone so far in such a short time.
He is above such stupid behavior.
He knows better than to make such a claim.
Diana's singing impressed him so much that he asked her to sing on the radio.
Though he dieted, he still could not lose weight.
He is much of a scholar.
He isn't much of a teacher.
He doesn't think that the writer is great.
What a lucky person he is!
He is not much of an artist.
He runs very fast.
He usually went to bed at eleven.
He is taking a nap half the time.
He likes most beautiful flowers.
He usually goes to McDonald's.
He usually goes to the park with his dog.
He usually succeeded.
He usually comes home late.
He comes home almost every weekend.
He is good at diving.
He plays the violin very well.
He worked very hard.
They say he is very rich.
He speaks English very well.
He looks very worried.
He is a very imaginative writer.
He came home very late.
He is very careful.
He is being very careful.
He was very old.
He is harmless as a dove.
He is very brave.
He spoke so eloquently that the audience were all moved to tears.
He finally went through with his plan to go to Thailand.
He is a reporter for Time magazine.
He subscribed to Time magazine.
He put air in his tires.
He is constantly finding fault with other people.
He dried himself with a towel.
She folded up the towels and put them away in the cupboard.
He wetted his towel with water.
He is not any better than a politician.
He worked very hard to earn a lot of money.
He saved a lot of money.
He has a great deal of experience.
He is paid a handsome monthly salary.
He undertook a great deal of work.
He bought a lot of flour and oil.
He made a speech in front of many people.
He wrote a lot of stories.
He has a large number of books.
He reads a great deal.
He eats a lot.
He has just come here by taxi.
He need not have called a taxi.
He raised his hand in order that the taxi might stop.
He raised his hand to stop a taxi.
He is powerful.
He is a robust young man.
He likes such foods as tacos and pizza.
He flew a kite.
He did it just for fun.
He was lying there very still and tense.
He's only shamming.
He put on his hat at once.
He got the book for nothing.
He just looked on with his arms folded.
He received a pair of shoes for nothing.
He is nothing but a student.
He lost his position only because he refused to tell a lie.
He just shrugged his shoulders.
He did nothing but read newspapers.
He just looked on and didn't stop the quarrel.
He is actuated solely by ambition.
He ate it in no time.
He only had 100 dollars.
He has no more than 1,000 yen.
He was all alone in the house.
He is not man to lose heart at a single failure.
Although he said only one word, it cut her up badly.
He arrived here just now.
He went out just now.
I'm afraid he's just gone out.
He came home just now.
He left just now.
He has come home just now.
He seemed to have just woken up from a dream.
Heavy smoking impaired his health.
He neither smokes nor drinks.
He gave up cigarettes.
He tried to give up smoking but in vain.
He decided to quit smoking.
He tapered off to one cigarette a day.
He asked for a cigarette.
He stopped smoking.
He stopped to smoke.
He got out of the habit of smoking.
He promised not to smoke.
He is trying to quit smoking.
I think it necessary for him to stop smoking.
He is trying hard to give up smoking.
He is often late for school.
He often writes to his parents in Japan.
He won't be easily discouraged, because he's a tough guy.
He wore a coat too large for him.
Perhaps he knows this story.
No doubt he will come later.
He got the money by a trick.
He happened to be there.
He happened to catch sight of a rare butterfly.
He was ordered to shut up.
He keeps all his savings in the bank.
He didn't hesitate to tell his wife the truth.
He did not hesitate in taking his share of the money.
He wrote a letter with great facility.
He could find her house easily.
He is leading a fast life.
He has led a loose life.
He drove the truck to Dallas.
He asked me whether anybody was there.
He is anxious to please everybody.
He bends everybody to his will.
Whose friend is he?
He put up with the greatest hardship that no one could imagine.
He is by far the best student.
He seems to be possessed with idle fancies.
He likes dancing, much more music.
He got so he could play the piece easily.
He grew larger and larger.
He is by far the best player on the team.
We regard him as the best player on the team.
He was elected captain of the team.
He was chosen to be a member of the team.
He is the captain of the team.
He ran as fast as any boy in the team.
He is better than any other player in the team.
He got in for Chester.
He carried off the first prize at the chess tournament.
He may have gone home by another way.
He is far from happy.
He is shrewd and calculating.
He was careful to mention it in the letter.
He did exactly as I had told him.
It's worth his salt.
He sold his own car without hesitation.
He has just come back from Paris.
He got to school just in time.
He has just come back.
He came home just now. Didn't you know that?
He has just come home.
He is just my age.
He came right at the beginning of the game.
He was just in time for the last train.
He has just arrived at New Tokyo International Airport.
He was just going to the walk across the street.
I found him working in the garden.
He has a fancy for chocolate.
He is fond of chocolate cake.
He is a little above himself.
He easily gets angry at trivial things.
He is something of a magician.
He is something of a musician.
He is something of an artist.
He flatters himself that he is something of a poet.
I think he is something of a poet.
He was something of a poet and used to write romantic poems.
He derived much money from his small business.
He is something of a stamp collector.
He is something of a celebrity.
He paused to have a cigarette.
He hesitated for a moment.
He can speak a little English.
He has a slightly foreign appearance.
He looks kind of pale.
He closed his mouth for a moment.
She just leaned against me.
He stepped out for a moment.
He wrote a story just now.
He is a bit like his father.
He dropped in at a bookstore.
He goes in for whatever he finds interesting at the moment.
He stopped a moment to kick a rock.
He glanced at her and saw she was angry.
He glanced at his watch.
He fell into a slumber inadvertently.
He finally became the president of IBM.
He finally got ahead of the rest of class.
At length, he came to understand the theory.
He finally accomplished the work.
At last, he found a clue to the mystery.
He accomplished it at last.
He found his missing brother at last.
He finally consented to our plan.
He finally decided to get married.
He ruined his health in the end.
He appeared at last.
He thought he met his match at last.
He finally succeeded in getting a job.
He got angry with me at last.
He finally bent to my wishes.
He finally hit upon a solution to his problem.
He would not tell the truth after all.
He finally made a name for himself as a politician.
He finally found his calling.
He performed duty at last.
He finally resigned the presidency of the college.
He was face to face with his enemy at last.
Her wealth finally allured him into matrimony.
He achieved his aim at last.
He came back from abroad only last month.
He supported himself with a stick.
He got tired and turned back.
He gets tired easily.
He is unsociable.
He has a lot of acquaintances.
He always wears dark glasses.
He's nothing.
He was to all intents and purposes deceived.
He is a screwball.
He lived a hard life.
He is an expert at fishing.
He gave a minute description of the dinner party.
He hit the jackpot with his date. She was lovely and intelligent.
He knows Mr. Davidson well.
He erased his speech from the tape.
He withdrew his hand from the table.
He set the box down on the table.
He found the box under the table.
He reached out for the sugar that was on the table.
He put a pack of cigarettes on the table.
He put down the book on the table.
He took his place at the foot of the table.
He turned the table upside down.
He moved the table aside.
He had the table to himself.
He banged his fist on the table.
He reached across the table and shook my hand.
He was employed writing letter.
He was from Texas or thereabout.
He ran toward me as fast as he could.
He ran away as soon as possible.
He earned as much money as possible.
He was dismissed, simply because he failed to work as hard as possible.
He is trying to study as hard as he can.
He took as much care as possible.
He suggested that a meeting be held as soon as possible.
He engaged to pay the bill as soon as possible.
He ran as fast as he could.
He tried to absorb as much of the local culture as possible.
He wants to live as long as he can.
He did all there was in his power.
He is no better than a fool.
He tried to be less obtrusive.
He could swim fast enough to pass the test.
He hadn't prepared for the test; still he passed it.
He studied until two in the morning before the test.
He seduced her with false promises.
He fired a shot at random.
He won a narrow victory in the race.
He's a quiet man, a little bald on top.
He is good at tennis.
He has made a big improvement in tennis.
He is rather poor at tennis.
He is far from a good tennis player.
He is a good tennis player.
He excels us at tennis.
He does not like tennis.
He enjoys playing tennis.
He plays very well.
He was very good at playing tennis.
He is good at playing tennis.
He is a good match for me in tennis.
He is on the varsity in tennis and in debating.
He is mad about tennis.
He is absorbed in playing tennis, but his brother goes in more for football and baseball.
He went mad on tennis.
He wants to be a tennis player.
He is a tennis champion.
He is a tennis player.
He can play both tennis and baseball.
He played tennis.
He went fishing instead of playing tennis.
He can play tennis.
He is fond of playing tennis.
He doesn't like tennis much, but he really gets carried away with football.
He went shopping at a department store.
He invented a false rumor.
He is amusing himself by playing video games.
He explained the political background of the war on TV.
He gave an address to the nation on TV.
He is fond of watching baseball games on TV.
He turned on the TV, and promptly fell asleep sitting before the set.
He works as a newscaster in television.
He turned up the volume on the television.
He has acted on TV many times.
The intention that he is watching a television is nonexistent.
He sits in this chair when he watches television.
He likes to watch TV.
He is tired of watching television.
He turned off the TV and began to study.
He has a car that has four doors.
He checked that all the doors were safely shut.
He looked in at the door.
He found the door closed.
He left the door unlocked.
He listened with his ear to the door.
He turned the key.
He rang the doorbell.
He made for the door.
He hid it behind the door.
He was standing behind the door.
He turned the doorknob with his left hand.
He is in front of the door.
He scraped mud from the door.
He walked toward the door.
He opened the door.
He opened the door, only to find the room empty.
He thrust the door open and marched in.
He knocked at the door.
He knocked on the door but nobody answered.
He knocked on the door, then came in.
He tried knocking at the door.
He tried to knock at the door.
He scolded her for having left the door open.
He has a habit of keeping the door open.
He broke the door open.
He shut the door and went upstairs.
He painted the door green all over.
He stood under the door frame.
He speaks English with a German accent.
He found it difficult to make himself understood in German.
He knows no English, not to mention German.
He cannot speak either German or French.
He does not know English, not to mention German or French.
He prefers French to German.
He is a German by origin.
He was caught smoking in the rest room.
He is unpopular for some reason.
He didn't tell me what the matter was.
What is the matter with him?
He looked uncertain what to do.
He did not know what to do, and held his head in his hands.
He will not say yes.
He would not go to school for all the world.
He would not take the money.
He can't seem to understand that poem.
He would not agree to our proposal.
Words failed him.
He would not go with me for anything.
He would let me help him.
He couldn't remember my address.
He will not listen to me.
He could not bring himself to believe her story.
He would not admit his fault.
He won't admit his fault.
He won't listen. I might as well talk to a brick wall.
He was at a loss to know what to do.
He wondered why they looked excited and tried to get their attention.
He went away from his father.
He didn't come after all.
At last he found the evidence he was looking for.
He came to understand it at last.
He finally got his wish.
He did come at last.
He didn't come back in the end.
What has happened to him?
How does he think it went?
I wonder what has become of him.
He was able to cook himself dinner, after a fashion.
He managed to pass the examination.
He managed to make both ends meet.
He managed to escape.
He managed to get off the difficulty.
He doesn't seem to get on in the world.
I am afraid he will fail.
He is not coming, apparently.
How did he come?
How does he go to school?
He gave an account of how he had escaped.
How will he make good the loss?
How did he earn his daily bread?
He had enough to do to catch up on his work.
I have a feeling he is right.
To all appearances, he is a man of learning.
He was to all appearances a strong man.
He was hard put to find out an explanation.
He was puzzled about what to answer.
He cried in an angry voice.
He looked back reproachfully.
He dropped in on us from time to time.
He sometimes wished to go to extremes.
He sometimes comes to see me.
He sometimes drops in on me.
He sometimes goes to work by car.
He sometimes sleeps in.
He reads detective stories on occasion.
He sometimes eats lunch there, too.
He lives somewhere about here.
He lives some where about the park.
He lives somewhere around the park.
He must be somewhere about.
One must be an executive in some company.
He went to some place or other.
He looks every inch a gentleman.
He appeared from nowhere.
He is every bit a scholar.
He was every inch a king.
He is every bit a gentleman.
I'm afraid something is wrong with him.
Where did he find the money?
He begins to sketch no matter where he is.
Where was he born?
He told me where to shop.
He radiates happiness around wherever he goes.
Where does he live?
Where do you think he lives?
Where is he standing?
Where does he come from?
His reputation goes with him wherever he goes.
Where was he going?
He told me where to go.
Where did he go?
I wonder where he has gone.
He did not know where to go.
He was welcome wherever he went.
Go where he will, he will be welcomed.
He gets lost wherever he goes.
He disappeared, taking advantage of the confusion.
I'd like to know which he likes.
He is rather an active person.
He is, if anything, tall.
He can write with either hand.
He couldn't make up his mind which course to follow.
He was at a loss which way to take.
He's sitting on the fence.
Which direction did he go?
He was a disagreeable old man.
He is fine and gentle.
He was so angry as to be unable to speak.
He looked really wonderful in his top hat and tails.
Even if he's very nice, I don't really trust him.
He looked very happy.
He has an interesting book.
They say that he is very rich.
He is very bright, and his brother is as bright.
He had a very heavy study program.
He is very stingy with his money.
He was such a nice boy that he was loved by everybody.
He's a very fine musician.
I don't like him because he is sly as a fox.
He is eager to go there.
He fell lamentably short of his duty.
He made his suggestion very tactfully.
Such was his pride that he could not bring himself to ignore the insult.
He is a very earnest person.
He is a very good batter.
He asked a very good question.
He is such a nice person that everybody likes him.
He has gained so much that he can soon go home from the hospital.
He thinks that only very well trained actors can be really successful.
He's a very romantic boyfriend who brings me flowers each night.
He is such a bad person that everybody dislikes him.
He is too much of a coward to attempt it.
Though he is very learned, he lacks common sense.
He was very fun.
He seems very pleasant.
He talks very cheerfully.
He is strong as a horse.
He is very a dangerous man.
He behaves in a very strange fashion.
He is as cross as a bear today.
He is such a difficult boy.
He became so excited that what he said made no sense at all.
He was so interested that he gave it his attention.
He was so frightened that he could not speak for a moment.
He has a very surprising fancy.
He's very ill.
He is anxious to see you.
He is too smart not to know it.
He is so nice that everyone likes him.
He was very thirsty and asked for some water.
They looked very happy.
He was very happy.
He seemed to have been very happy.
He feels very happy.
He seems quite happy.
He is so aggressive that others avoid him.
He has a very expensive watch.
He is a very modest man.
He is a man of great ability.
He is a very thoughtful person.
He is anything but a poet.
He's much younger than Tom.
He's very young. He's much younger than Tom.
He started going bald quite young.
He is a man of great importance.
He is too sensitive.
He can play tennis very well.
He was kindness itself.
He is always kind enough to help me any time.
He is very friendly, so I enjoy working with him.
He was so kind as to show her the way.
He went through a very hard time.
He looks very friendly, but I suspect him all the same.
He would be the last person to betray others.
Though he is so worldly-wise, he is still very young.
He is very honest.
He is so honest that I can count on him.
He is a very sincere person.
He is very honest in business.
He's so rude. I can't put up with his bad manners.
He drives very fast.
He walked away too quickly for me to catch up with him.
He is able to swim very fast.
He can swim very fast.
He ran so fast that we couldn't catch up with him.
He walked so fast this I couldn't keep up with him.
He was so fat that he couldn't get through the hole.
He is very fat, that is, he weighs 300 pounds.
He is a very lazy boy.
He wore a very loud necktie.
He gave us such a long assignment that we protested.
He spoke very loudly.
He was all attention.
For all his efforts, he didn't succeed.
He is very angry.
He is very clever and is not proud either.
He is very bright, and what is more, he studies hard.
He is too shy to talk to girls.
He can be reliable in that he is very patient.
He did it with great zeal.
He studies biology very hard.
He studies very hard.
Although he is very old, he is strong.
He is very tall.
He is such a tall man that he can reach the ceiling.
He was very tall, so I recognized him at once.
He was very tired.
As he was so tired, he fell fast asleep.
He was very tired, so he went to bed early.
He was too tired to walk any farther.
He was so tired that he couldn't walk.
He looks very tired.
He was so poor that he could not buy the bread.
He is so impolite that everyone hates him.
He was careless enough to get on the wrong train.
He is very afraid of his mother.
He seems very busy. I can't come into contact with him.
He is so mild in disposition that I have never heard him speak in a loud voice.
He is very rich, but he is none the happier for his wealth.
He's a very selfish person.
He was such a bright boy others admired him.
He decided to stay and carry on his father's business.
He is Tony.
He eats, breathes and sleeps computers.
How fast does he run?
How long has he lived in London?
How long has he been absent?
How did he work out the big problem?
How did he work out the plan?
He works as hard as any student.
He can run as fast as any other boy.
He works as hard as any other student.
What degree of interest did he show?
He was doubtful about which way to take.
He jumped out of bed.
He is by far the most sensible.
He saw Tom leave before the job was finished.
He's shorter than Tom.
He tended to be lenient toward the children.
He has a Toyota.
He's dry and unemotional.
He was knocked down by a truck.
He pulled aside to let a truck pass.
He shot a tiger through the head.
He's good at cards.
He is an easy mark at cards.
He doesn't have the time to play cards.
He can cut the cards well.
He hates falsehood more than anything else.
He likes swimming above all.
He particularly liked history.
No matter how hard he may work, he will not be able to pass the exams.
He is a quick-witted man.
He ran on and on.
He has risen to the present position by leaps and bounds.
He walked rapidly.
He walked on and on, his dog following.
He walked on and on.
He is quite frank with me about everything.
He likes all kinds of sports.
Regardless of how much he drank, he seems as sober as ever.
However hard he may try, he won't succeed.
No matter how hard he tried, my opinion didn't change.
How he has suffered!
No matter how angry he was, he would never resort to violence.
However tired he is, he writes in his diary before going to bed.
He writes home to his parents at least once a month, no matter how busy he is.
He is the first to come and the last to leave at any party.
He's capable of wickedness of any kind.
He absents himself from any party she is likely to attend.
How did he behave?
What kind of job is he fit for?
What line is he in?
He was impatient of any delays.
He doesn't heed any advice.
He'll clutch at any straw.
He turned a somersault.
He cut a twig from the tree with his knife.
He hurt his left hand with a knife.
He cut the meat with a knife.
He was sharpening a knife.
He is quite a nice fellow and liked by everyone.
He reads a good deal.
He is the last man to submit to authority.
He is a man of spirit.
He has great confidence in himself.
He is rather hard to get along with.
He is the person who is difficult to come to terms with.
He is a pretty great guy.
He searched the room for the lost key.
He lent me what little money he had.
He gave her what little money he had.
He looks blue for some reason.
I know why he did it.
Why did he ask for so much money?
I wonder why he did not come to the party.
I wonder why he was absent.
Why did he go out in a hurry?
He gave no explanation why he had been absent.
Why can't he play tennis today?
He wondered to himself why his wife had left him.
He had no idea why his wife left him.
Why did he fail in business?
He could not account for his foolish mistake.
He began to play an old song.
He whispered something in her ear.
He did nothing but fold his arms.
He did nothing wrong; all the same he was severely punished.
He tends to be idle.
He caught sight of Nancy getting into a taxi.
He contrived a means of speaking to Nancy privately.
He asked Nancy if she was free the next day.
He hates Nancy.
What a lot of books he has!
What a nonsense he talks.
He makes mountains out of molehills.
I am afraid he is going to spill the beans.
He wants to have everything his own way.
He will have his own way in everything.
He knows whatever.
He cried out what a nice day it was.
What a fast swimmer he is.
How fluently he speaks English!
What a disagreeable fellow he is!
He was at a loss for a word.
How kind of him to help us move on such a rainy day!
What a kind boy he is!
How fast he runs!
How big he is!
What a big eater he is!
What a clever boy he is!
How tall he is!
What a tall boy he is!
He is misfortune.
What a genius he is!
How well he played!
He could manage a week's holiday.
He was somehow able to swim across the river.
How soundly he is sleeping!
He is eager for success.
How well he can skate.
I don't know why, but he seems to have it in for me.
What a bad boy he is!
What an impressive person he is!
He did not know what to say.
How fast he can run!
How old he is!
What a mean fellow he is!
He stared at her with hatred.
He patted me on the back with a smile.
He would smile his approval.
He patted me on the shoulder with a smile.
He made a lot of money in New York and went back to the small town where he was born.
He will be in New York for two weeks.
He stayed in New York for three weeks.
Having been living in New York for three years, he knows many good restaurants there.
He has a business in New York.
He moved to New York, where he looked for a job.
He went to New York by airplane.
He knows New York inside out.
He hopped on a freight train bound for New York.
Not liking carrots, he didn't eat it.
He was accused of theft.
They named their cats Tom and Jerry.
He has a cat and two dogs.
He is as timid as a mouse.
He wrote down her name in the notebook.
He took a notebook out.
He has an ambition to get a Nobel Prize.
He died by the roadside.
He won the fight by a knockout.
He stuck his neck out for that idea, and now he's getting all the blame.
He muttered a curse.
He enjoyed a life of leisure.
He added that he had a wonderful time at the party.
He has to make a speech at the party.
He was very kind to me at the party.
He acted out a pantomime at the party.
He introduced me to her at the party.
He decided not to go to the party.
He cooked up a good excuse for not going to the party.
He didn't show up at the party.
He wasn't able to attend the party.
He appeared at the party late.
He will be coming to the party.
He's a party animal.
He was very tired by hard work.
He studied law at Harvard.
He's a professor of biology at Harvard.
He is studying law at Harvard.
He is a student at Harvard.
He ran up the stairs panting.
He is a good violinist.
He is a good violinist, isn't he?
He is scraping on the violin.
He came up with a party of hikers.
He's got not only a motorbike but also a car.
He is anxious for a motorbike.
He spoke with a pipe in his mouth.
He made up his mind to be a pilot.
He gave up his dream of becoming a pilot.
He asked for pie, and I ordered the same.
He flapped the flies away.
He was laughed at for a stupid act.
He acted foolishly.
He is foolish.
I look upon him as a fool.
He did something stupid and was sneered at.
He is being foolish.
He acted the fool.
He is polite to a fault.
He accumulated a large fortune.
He filled the bucket with water.
He put his foot on the ladder.
He ascended the ladder halfway.
He didn't believe it at first.
He mentioned her name for the first time.
He wore a robe over his pajamas.
He is in pajamas.
The guests caught him in his pajamas.
He was reading a newspaper in his pajamas.
He got off the bus.
He comes to school by bus or train.
He is good at basketball.
He likes tennis rather than basketball.
He will come to the station by bus.
He commutes to his office by bus.
Does he go to work by bus?
He visited Nara by bus.
Did he come by bus or by train?
He ran fast so as to catch the bus.
He hurried so as to catch the bus.
He may have missed the bus.
He organized a boycott of the bus service.
He is a bus driver.
He took out his passport.
He was involved in the puzzle.
He broke into the bus queue.
He made a dash for the bus.
Does he go to school by bus?
He's waiting at the bus stop.
He became enthusiastic about personal computers.
He likes bread and butter.
He closed the door suddenly.
He laid his bag on the table.
He is at home on batting.
He hit a ball with the bat.
He got a good grip on the bat before swinging.
He backed abruptly away.
He was educated at a public school.
He likes ham and eggs.
He was cast as Hamlet.
He played the part of Hamlet.
He painted a picture of roses.
He waited for his son with anxiety.
He is cultivating roses.
He lost his balance and fell off his bicycle.
He failed to wake Harry up.
He succeeded in waking Harry up.
He is proud of having been educated in Paris.
He is thinking of starting another firm in Paris.
He went to Paris, where he lived for five years.
He arrived at Paris and immediately started for London.
He went to Paris, where he met me for the first time.
He contemplated taking a trip to Paris.
He is due to start for Paris.
He set off to Paris.
He made a journey to Paris.
He booked a ticket for Paris.
He hopes he will visit Paris.
He went to London via Paris.
He finally made up his mind to marry the girl he had met in Paris.
He was far before his time.
He came all the way from Chicago.
He came to see me all the way from Pakistan.
He came here all the way from London.
He came all the way from abroad.
His money melted away in Hawaii.
It cost him 50 dollars to rent a car in Hawaii.
He looks as happy as if he had won a trip to Hawaii.
He wiped his hands on a handkerchief.
He blew his nose in a handkerchief.
He took out his handkerchief.
He is handsome. In addition, he is good at sport.
He is handsome, and what is more very rich.
He's handsome and nice, but he has no class.
He is a gentleman, handsome, clever, and rich.
He is handsome and clever.
He is a handsome young man.
He is good at handball.
He turned the steering wheel the other way about.
He had barely enough money to buy bread and milk.
He spread butter on the bread.
He drove in a nail with his hammer.
He broke up the concrete block with a hammer.
He is famous as a pianist.
He became a pianist.
He practices the piano every day to become a pianist.
He can play the piano, the flute, the guitar, and so on.
He can play all the songs of the Beatles on the piano.
He knows how to play the piano.
He earns his living by playing the piano.
Does he play the piano?
Can he play the piano?
He was playing the piano.
He went out with the heater on.
He was drunk on beer.
He can't go without beer even for a day.
He drank that large beer mug dry.
He asked for a glass of beer.
He called for another glass of beer.
He asked for a beer.
He drank three bottles of beer.
He called for beer.
He lived to see great-grandchildren.
He is frugal, to say the least of it.
He obtained a picture which Picasso had painted in his later years.
He has a Picasso.
He has two Picassos.
He was run over and killed on the spot.
He awoke with a start.
He is not going on the picnic, and I am not either.
He is afraid of his own shadow.
His knee gave.
He got down on his knees and prayed for the souls of the deceased.
He knocked his knee against the chair.
He elbowed me in the ribs.
He leaned on his elbows.
He has a background in business.
He is not a businessman but a diplomat.
He made a very valuable discovery.
He lived on crackers and water for three days.
He was careless in handling his pistol.
He reached for the pistol.
He has designs on your property.
He spoke under his breath.
He works hard because he is anxious to succeed.
He stood rooted to the spot in amazement.
It scared the daylights out of him.
He leapt back in alarm.
He stared at her in astonishment.
He was so startled that he ran outside barefoot.
He can do the most amazing acrobatics.
He has a video.
He is suffering from a bad cold.
He speaks English with a strong German accent.
He burned himself badly.
He went out in spite of the heavy rain.
He is sadly mistaken.
He was treated with great cruelty.
He is gross, man!
He was suffering from a bad headache.
He is suffering from a bad cold in the nose.
Harry fell seriously ill.
He has recovered from his bad cold.
He has been suffering from a bad cold. She is very anxious about his health.
Though he had a bad cold, he had to work.
He had a bad time.
He was badly wounded.
It seems that he was badly scolded.
He wants the camera badly.
He strode along the road in a great hurry.
He swallowed a piece of toast because he was starving.
He is much disliked.
He is in great trouble.
He was too upset to distinguish vice from virtue.
He was too drunk to drive home.
He got very drunk.
His blood is boiling.
He looked quite tired.
He was very poor.
He is very depressed.
He isn't as energetic as he once was.
For one thing he is lazy, for another he drinks.
He figured out a principle.
He is brave enough to go there by himself.
He lived there by himself.
He woke up of himself.
He has gone abroad by himself.
He dare not go alone.
He likes taking a walk by himself.
The moment he was alone, he opened the letter.
The moment that he was alone he opened the letter.
He has his hair cut once a month.
He comes here once a month.
He had a hungry look.
He appeared hungry.
He bound the package with a string.
He took great pains in taming a puma.
When he entered the building, he was frightened by a sudden cry.
He took Bill swimming.
He drank orange juice out of a bottle.
He filled the bottle with water.
He is proud of never having been beaten in ping-pong.
He turned the bottle upside down and shook it, but still the honey wouldn't come out.
He is absorbed in the study of the Fuzzy Theory.
He interfered with the fans.
He interrupted us abruptly.
He scraped the mud off his boots.
He was away from the swimming pool.
He's very fair-minded.
He was poisoned by the globefish he ate.
He looks old for his age.
He looks old, but he is still in his twenties.
He said so with humor.
He is captain of the football team.
He is mad about football.
He has been reading a book for four hours on end.
He makes wine from grapes.
He is on good terms with Mr Brown.
He announced his engagement to Miss Brown.
He is fond of wandering about.
He remembers Mr Black's car.
He was walking up and down the station platform.
He has been to France.
He has not been to France.
He went to Paris, which is the capital of France.
He decided to go to France.
He has visited France three times.
He is acquainted with the modern history of France.
He is proficient in both Spanish and Italian.
He has a good reading knowledge of French.
He understands French.
He has a good command of French.
He is fluent in French.
He can speak French, and even more English.
He speaks Spanish as well as he speaks French.
He managed to read a book written in French.
He tried to master French.
He is at home in France.
He doesn't know French at all.
He doesn't speak English, and don't even mention French.
He answered that he knew no French.
He knows neither French nor German.
He can also speak French.
He could not speak French well.
He has a good knowledge of French.
He is capable of teaching French.
He has been intent on learning French.
He went to Paris to study French.
He is second to none in his command of French.
He was taught French and given a dictionary.
He can speak French well.
He knows French, much more English.
He can't read French, much less write it.
He translated French into Japanese.
He tried to learn French.
He will study French.
He doesn't speak French, neither do I.
He speaks French.
He both speaks and writes French.
He speaks French and that very well.
He cannot speak French without making a few mistakes.
He could speak French.
Can he speak French?
He can speak French, and obviously English.
He can speak French, and it goes without saying he can speak English too.
He was a Frenchman, as I discovered from his accent.
He is well acquainted with French literature.
He is able to play the flute.
He pressed the brake pedal.
He went abroad to raise fund for the project.
He ran water into the bathtub.
He stood against the wall.
I think he will become a Beethoven.
He made a fortune by writing a best selling novel.
He rolled off the bed.
He lay on his back on the bed.
He was lying in bed a long time.
He's gentle with our pets.
He lay asleep in the bed.
He lay down on the bed.
He sat on the bed.
As soon as he went to bed, he fell fast asleep, for he was very tired.
He dragged himself to bed.
He doesn't have any pets.
He made do with a bed of grass.
He is a poet of a sort.
He is an expert driver.
He died fighting in the Vietnam War.
He was tired out.
He's not at all afraid of snakes.
He is afraid of snakes.
He was guilty of a blunder.
He is made of money.
He was transported to the hospital by helicopter.
He arrived after the bell rang.
He substituted a light for the bell.
He is a heroin addict.
He didn't doubt that Ben had something to do with the crime.
He sat smoking on the bench.
He is lying on the bench.
He is not sitting on a bench.
Isn't that him sitting on a bench?
He was sitting on a bench.
He sat on the bench and crossed his legs.
He acquired some knowledge about Ben.
He didn't believe Ben's words.
He laid down his pen and leaned back in his chair.
He took up his pen and began to write.
He got out his pen.
He took out his pen to sign his check.
He laid down his pen and looked at me.
He drove a point home to his pupils.
He is very good at poker.
He was watering his garden with a hose.
He rested his chin on his hands.
He was listening with his chin resting on his hand.
They got into the boat.
He explained the process of building a boat.
He hit three home runs, scoring eight runs.
He hammered out a home run.
He realized Paul had stood him up.
He held a ball-point by the wrong end.
He kicked the ball into the goal.
He put up his hand to catch the ball.
He called the ball foul.
He kicked the ball out of the ground.
He got the ball.
He jumped to get a ball.
He kicked the ball.
He threw the ball.
He threw the ball against the wall.
He had heard some other stories.
He decided to seek information elsewhere.
He did the work better than anyone else.
He is tolerant in religious belief of others.
He was standing there with a vacant look.
He put an interesting idea before us.
He has much more money than I have.
He took something out of his pocket.
He emptied his pockets of their contents.
He thrust the money into his pocket.
He put his hands in his pockets.
He was standing by the gate with his hand in his pocket.
He stood against the wall with his hands in his pockets.
He felt in his pocket for his lighter.
He felt in his pocket for his keys.
He was standing with his hands in his pockets.
He has fallen into the habit of putting his hands into his pockets.
He felt in his pocket for his wallet.
He is allergic to dust.
He dropped a letter into the mailbox.
He has come from Boston.
He came here by way of Boston.
He bought a round-trip ticket to Boston.
He lives in Boston City.
He is loyal to his boss.
He is cross with his boss.
He stuck a flower in his buttonhole.
He pressed the button and waited.
He stood aloof.
Bodybuilding is his hobby so he has a very firm tight body with lots of muscle definition.
He stayed at a hotel for a couple of days.
He had difficulty in finding his way to the hotel.
He called a hotel for accommodations.
He's staying at a hotel.
He drove down to the hotel.
He earns his living as a hotel boy.
He is the manager of a hotel.
He had to share the hotel room with a stranger.
He runs a lot of hotels.
He is almost always at home.
He has all but finished the work.
He could make himself agreeable to almost anyone.
He, like most Incas, believed this story.
He is little, if at all inferior to you.
He is little, if at all, inferior to you.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the cinema.
He is little better than a beggar.
He is all but dead.
He had few teeth.
He has little confidence in himself.
He came home at almost midnight.
He had little social life.
He is little short of a genius.
He hardly works.
He has few or no books.
He comes here almost every day.
He comes to see me nearly every day.
He seldom, if ever, goes to see the movies.
He seldom, if ever, comes.
He came back by way of Honolulu.
He is wiser and more careful than Bob.
He is almost six feet tall.
He is about my age.
He translated Homer from the Greek into English.
He had an absent look on his face.
He devoted himself to the volunteer activity.
He talks big but he's never done half the things that he said he has.
He bought a Honda.
He is a mere child.
He is nothing but a child.
He finished the opening.
He wore a blank look.
He was idly turning over the pages of a magazine.
He lived idly and found himself already forty years old.
He seldom, if ever, goes to church.
He has, say, fifty thousand yen.
What an eloquent speaker he is!!
He is a kind of gentleman.
He repairs his own car.
He plays the role of Macbeth with great skill.
He is indeed a clever boy.
He was none other than the king.
He was really a child of his times.
He is the Edison of Japan.
He made a speech highly appropriate to the occasion.
He is about to leave for London.
He is certainly a model English gentleman.
He was about to start.
He was about to call her up, when her letter came.
He was just on the verge of going to sleep.
He is an earnest young man.
He led a sober life.
He began to study in earnest.
The first thing Andrew did was to find his brother Simon and tell him.
They came at an inconvenient time.
He started his day with a good breakfast.
He became more and more famous.
He spoke on more and more eloquently.
He seldom, if ever, goes to the barber's.
He seldom, if ever, laughs.
He began his lecture with a humorous anecdote.
He began with a joke.
He started off with a good breakfast.
He's only twelve, but he plays chess with the best of them.
He is still on the right side of forty.
He is still angry with you for your conduct.
He has yet to get in touch with his mother.
Is he still here?
He is still here.
He'll be here again.
He came here again.
He is still on the payroll of the company.
He's just crying wolf again.
He could still be alive somewhere.
He is still somewhere about.
He is as great a thinker as ever lived.
He is said to still be in Paris.
He is still very much alive.
He is still in bed.
He still holds the heavyweight title.
He is still sitting on the bench.
He is just a kid.
He slipped into the bad habit again.
He has not yet recovered consciousness.
He is not old enough to live alone.
He still keeps up his interest in music.
He has not come home yet, has he?
He hasn't returned yet.
He isn't back yet. He may have had an accident.
He is still full of energy.
He is not down yet.
He lost his umbrella again.
He isn't back from the mountain.
I have not yet done with the work.
He hasn't appeared yet.
He is yet to know the truth.
He lectured us about his pet theories again.
He still sticks to his opinion.
He has not realized his mistakes yet.
He is ashamed that he has failed again.
Did he fail again?
He is still young.
He hasn't written the letter yet.
He made every effort to avoid yielding to the temptation to start drinking again.
He went to sea when he was only 14.
He still has three servants.
The boss just chewed him out again.
He is still sound in mind and body.
He hasn't come of age yet.
He is still alive.
It is said that he is still alive.
The news that he was still alive reached us.
He hasn't arrived yet.
He is still not accustomed to city life.
He is still angry.
He was also kind to animals.
He had the sensation that he was still on the waves.
He hasn't answered my letter yet.
He is hardly more than a lad.
He came back again.
He is too young to benefit from firm discipline.
He still wants to come.
He hasn't come yet. He must have missed the bus.
He has not come yet. He may have missed the train.
He has made a promise to come again.
He is still standing.
He is still dependent on his parents.
He's still sponging off his parents.
He took poison by mistake.
He fell head-long into the river.
He stood in an upright position.
He does not watch TV at all.
He's quite crazy about golfing.
He was an utter stranger.
He is quite a gentleman.
He is a gentleman in every way.
He is dead to all sense of shame.
He is heart and soul a Democrat.
He has no sense of humor.
He lives in the wood all by himself.
He is quite in the wrong.
He is quite young in spirit.
He is quite a clever man.
He wasn't exactly a stranger.
He doesn't altogether trust me.
He has quite a novel idea.
He is every inch a gentleman.
He is entirely ignorant of the world.
He is not honest at all.
He has absolutely no respect for other people's feelings.
He is not altogether a fool.
He looks just like his mother.
He was not at all satisfied.
He is totally dependent on his parents.
He struck a match.
He struck a match, but quickly put it out.
He was disappointed at not being invited.
He was so stupid as to tell a lie that might easily be found out.
He objected to the opinion of his manager.
He will soon get used to the climate here.
Will he be here soon?
He soon recovered from the illness.
It won't be long before he can play baseball again.
He will return from Europe soon.
It won't be long before he comes to himself.
He soon got accustomed to dormitory life and made two or three friends.
He will be back before long.
He will return to the game soon.
He prepared for his imminent departure.
He was soon acclimated to his new job.
He leaves the parental roof soon.
He is likely to arrive soon.
It was not long before he arrived.
It will not be long before he recovers from his illness.
I'm sure he'll be along soon.
He soon walked away.
He showed his disapproval by raising an eyebrow.
He timed her in the marathon race.
He cried as if he were a boy of six.
He speaks as if he were an American.
He speaks English as if he were an American.
He talks as if he knew everything under the sun.
He speaks as if he knew everything.
He talks as if he knew the secret.
He speaks as if he had read the book before.
He went on talking as though nothing had happened.
He speaks English as well as though he were an Englishman.
He acts as if he were a king.
He looked as if he had lost his way.
He speaks as though he knew everything.
He looked as if nothing had happened.
He looked as if he had not eaten for days.
He behaved as if he were crazy.
Because he was just like a child, he yielded to temptation.
He told me about the accident as if he had seen it with his own eyes.
He reddened like a schoolboy.
He talks as if he were a teacher.
He speaks as if he were an expert.
He went to the seaside only to be drowned.
He speaks as if he knew the criminal.
He lives as if he were a millionaire.
He looks as if he had been ill.
He looks as if he were ill.
It seems like he had never met his father before.
He felt as if he were in a dream.
He looked as if he had seen a ghost.
He talks as if he were an old man.
He will often go out for the whole day.
He is kind to those around him.
He was easily deceived and gave her some money.
He was fairly caught in the trap.
He stuck a meatball with his fork.
He is a tin god.
He didn't know the fact that everyone knew.
He is proud of being a musician.
He drank a whole bottle of milk.
He often quotes Milton.
They were all surprised to see me there.
He is liked by everybody.
He wanted to be respected by everybody.
He spoke slowly enough for everyone to understand.
He came after everybody had come.
He has been loved by all.
He is left out of everything.
He is well spoken of by everybody.
He was laughed at by everybody.
He ran the fastest of all.
He makes everybody feel at ease.
He knows the art of making people feel at home.
He gave me everything but took nothing in return.
He has not failed for nothing.
He courted disaster by reckless driving.
He wished Mary had told him the story.
He finally realized that Mary had made a fool of him.
He was sitting between Mary and Tom.
He has a date with Mary this afternoon.
Did he go to see Mary?
He sent a card to Mary.
He's head over heels in love with Mary.
He explained to Mary why he was late for her birthday party.
He is Mary's brother, I should think.
He put the ring on Mary's finger.
They made fun of Mary.
He has a maid to wait on him.
He wore glasses.
Even with his glasses, he doesn't see very well.
He has a lot of difficulty seeing without his glasses.
He pronounces English words in Spanish fashion because he is a Mexican.
I met her during my stay in Mexico.
He was appointed Japanese minister to Mexico.
He is making great progress in English.
He rarely gives in, confronted with difficulties.
Seldom did he visit there.
He scarcely ever watches TV.
He has seldom had a meal with his family.
He seldom comes to see me.
He rarely gives up.
He hardly ever works.
He seldom writes to his father.
Seldom does he get angry.
He seldom writes to his parents.
He pasted the notice on the door.
He's two years older than Mary is.
He began to whistle a tune.
He avoids all troublesome tasks.
He has been on sick leave for a month now.
He will come back in another two weeks.
He ought to have come by now.
Has he come yet?
He was completely fagged out.
He no longer works here.
He is no longer living here.
He no longer lives here.
He ought to have arrived here.
He is already here.
He is hard on fifty.
It will not be long before he leaves the hospital.
He will soon come back.
He was almost asleep.
He got quite well.
He does not live there any more.
He is expected to come home soon.
It is about time he got settled down.
It is all over with him.
He was nearly killed after being run over by a car.
He's already left.
He is now almost as tall as his father is.
He is no longer the shy boy he was.
You had better read your teacher's comments on your compositions one more time.
He will be ruined for life.
They made him do the work again.
I wonder if he dares try again.
He is eager to meet her again.
He signed on for another year.
He lit another cigarette, but immediately put it out.
He couldn't overcome the desire for another cigarette.
He is over the hill, you know.
He made a gesture of impatience.
It is time he went to school.
Is he back already?
Has he returned yet?
He has already gone home.
He is beyond hope.
He has already done my homework.
Has he gone already?
Now that he has quit his job, I can't depend on him.
He is no longer a member of our club.
Has he written the letter yet?
He is old enough to understand it.
He has already finished his homework.
Has he finished his homework yet?
He has left already.
He may have already departed.
He is no longer in business.
He came near to being run over.
He came near being run over by a car.
He was within an ace of success.
He ranked close to the top.
He is no longer a boy.
He has already gone to bed.
As he is already of age, he can vote.
He is not the shy boy he used to be.
He knew full well that he didn't have long to live.
He can no longer wait.
Has he arrived yet?
Has he arrived already?
He should have arrived by now.
He has already had lunch.
He hasn't made a record or had a concert for many years.
He promised not to tell another lie.
He has been going with her for almost two years now.
He is now almost as tall as his father.
They say that he will never return.
Now that he is old, it is your duty to look after him.
He said that if he were there, he would help her.
He will, no doubt, tell the boss on me.
He is unquestionably the oldest man in the village.
He's learning French so he can get a better salary.
He resolved to do better work in the future.
He worked hard so as to save more money.
He held out his hand for more.
He compelled us to come earlier.
He is after a better job.
He is entitled to better treatment.
He consoled himself with the thought that it might have been worse.
He is in danger of losing his position unless he works harder.
He'll never achieve anything unless he works harder.
He demanded better pay.
He must be happier now after having remarried.
He is in desperate search of further evidence.
He held over his decision until he got more information.
He grew a beard to look more mature.
He should have been more careful.
He says that he will study English harder.
He likes green in a lighter shade.
He is old enough to know better.
He was persuaded to be more sensible.
He began experimenting in making better roads.
He lost his all.
He returned to the country whence he came.
He came all the way from Kyushu to see the Mona Lisa.
He neither spoke nor wept, but went out in silence.
He is impervious to reason.
He has a good memory.
He was absorbed in thought.
He has become a memory.
He could no longer restrain himself.
He has been ill, but is not ill now.
He was no longer dependent on his parents.
He was weak enough to succumb to temptation.
He ran sheer into the wall.
He will learn the facts in the course of time.
He came to repent before long.
He'll succeed in time.
He soon recovered his composure.
He annoys me with questions.
He rubbed the rust off with a file.
He is too proud to give up.
He has a great storehouse of knowledge about historical details but I seriously doubt that's of any use in life.
He would have succeeded had he tried.
He came and had dinner with us.
He finally reached the hotel.
He finally kicked the bad habit.
He narrowly escaped from the bus when it caught fire.
He had barely enough to eat.
He managed to forbear his revenge.
He has no choice but to resign.
He must live by his wits.
He is a man who will do what he wants.
I believe him to be a man of ability.
He is a real wheeler-dealer.
He is not swift but sure.
He blamed his son for neglecting his duty.
He lacks motivation.
He is driven.
He accomplishes whatever he sets out to do.
He must have drunk too much last night.
He died from the cold last night.
He passed on quietly at his home last night.
He is devoid of humor.
He has a sense of humor.
He has a prejudice against Jews.
He nodded slowly in comprehension.
He entered the room slowly by that door.
He was climbing slowly over the fence.
He took his time doing his homework.
He slowly moved forward.
He began to address the audience slowly.
He was walking slowly down the street.
He walks slowly.
She slowly disappeared into the foggy forest.
He never stops to think.
He stood up slowly.
He is said to be a good doctor.
He has got a good camera.
He will become a good doctor.
He will make a good doctor.
He chose a good wife.
He must have been brought up in a good family.
He has a naturally good memory.
He thought of a good idea.
He is seeking a good job.
He is in want of good assistants.
He's a good boy so I like him.
He was looking for a good job.
He lived a moral life.
He is a good student.
He has a sweet voice.
He is said to have been a good teacher.
He has a good son to his credit.
He is not only a good batter but also a wonderful defense.
He got a good appointment.
He rented a room on the top floor in order to enjoy a good view.
He will be a good husband.
He finally broke up with that woman.
He left Japan for Europe.
He has visited most countries in Europe.
He took a trip to Europe.
He has visited Europe several times.
He returned home by way of Europe.
He has a claim to be called Europe's leading statesman.
He traveled all over Europe.
He conducted a tour through Europe.
He made a tour of Europe.
He will write for hours at a time.
As he often tells lies, nobody believes him.
He often plays the guitar.
He would often swim in this river.
He was well brought up.
He talks well.
He has a big mouth.
He would often go to the hill.
He often gets angry about trifles.
He often gets worked up over little things.
He doesn't do well because he doesn't make the most of his ability.
He will get an average mark at best.
He hangs around with the wrong group of kids.
Will he get well?
He often lies on the bed and reads.
He often leaves his umbrella behind absent-mindedly.
How dare he open my letters!
He often tries to get rich at a single bound.
As he often tells lies, he is not to be relied on.
He said he could swim well.
He answered that he could swim well.
He would often sit for hours without doing anything.
He would sit in the sun doing nothing.
He would sit and look at the sea for hours.
He haunted the art galleries.
He often absents himself from meetings.
He's often late for work.
He often travels to foreign countries.
He often comes late to school.
He often walks to school.
He is often taken for a student.
He often makes mistakes, but he is no fool.
He would swear at the naughty boys in the neighborhood.
He thought it over, and decided not to go.
He is often wild.
He used to sit reading for hours.
He often takes his children to the zoo.
He would often come to see me.
He often lets me use his typewriter.
He often sits by me and listens to music.
He was accustomed to frequenting my house.
He often spends his time idly.
He often laughs at his own jokes.
He often looks back on his high school days.
He often attributes his success to his wife.
He often goes out drinking.
He often skipped meals.
He often makes people angry.
He would often go to the library.
He often quotes the Bible.
He would sit for hours reading detective stories.
He often uses a subway.
He listened closely to the speaker.
He would often go fishing.
He often leaves his umbrella on a train.
He often eats out on Saturday nights.
He often shows his anger.
He works hard and he is honest.
He works very hard.
He works hard. So he does.
He often goes to the movies together with her.
He often paints landscapes.
He sat in the front so as to be able to hear.
He often walks with his hand in his pocket.
He often worried his mother.
He often stays up late at night.
He would often sit up until late at night.
He is a man of his word.
He will often forget his promise.
He used to bully his friends.
He often entertained his friends over the weekend.
He often eats fish for dinner.
He is either drunk or mad.
He started his voyage around the world in his sailboat.
He crossed the Pacific Ocean in a sailboat.
He immigrated to Brazil in search of a better life.
He came tumbling after.
He hit a fly into right field.
He picked up the rifle and aimed it at the target.
He equipped himself with a rifle.
He is good at rugby.
He was a rugby player.
He hit the ball with his racket.
He put down his racket.
He has a racket.
He started to learn Spanish from the radio.
He drove the car, listening to music on the radio.
He knows how to make a radio.
He learned how to put a radio together.
He plugged in the radio.
He turned on the radio.
He is listening to the radio.
He cannot avoid traveling to work during the rush hours.
He is absorbed in the study of Latin.
He is a professor of English at Leeds.
He is looked up to as a leader.
He expressed himself in good English.
He became a handsome young man.
He bore himself well.
He was a big man called Little John.
He came to take a walk every morning after rehabilitation.
He acted the part of King Lear.
He knows nothing about Lincoln, or for that matter, about America.
He reached for the apple.
He chucked me the apple.
He carried a bag full of apples.
He divides the apples among five of us.
He took the first place in the race.
He psyched himself up for the race.
It is believed that he will win the race.
He blew out the candle.
He held on to the rope.
He caught hold of the rope.
He pulled the rope.
He let go of the rope.
He went to Rome, where he saw a lot of old buildings.
He put his finger on the cause of the rocket's failure to orbit.
He stopped over at Los Angeles and Chicago.
He boarded a plane bound for Los Angeles.
He can both speak and write Russian.
He can speak Russian as well.
He is well acquainted with Russian.
He speaks Russian perfectly.
He acquired Russian quickly.
He is keen on rock music, but she is even more so.
He is known as a rock singer.
He made a robot.
He tried to make the robot run.
He was billed to appear as Romeo.
He is either in London or in Paris.
He took many pictures in London.
He set off for London.
He went to London, where he stayed for a week.
While in London, he visited the British Museum.
He lives in the suburbs of London.
They decided to settle in a suburb of London.
He lived in the center of London.
He lives in a poor district of London.
He has started for London.
He behaves as if he had visited London.
He has gone to London.
He is expert with a word processor.
He isn't a man to take a bribe.
He emptied a glass of wine.
He dropped his wineglass and broke its stem.
He can't go without wine for even a day.
He has a good palate for wine.
He drank a bottle of wine.
He had the bad habit of drinking too much wine.
He is as good as any player on our team.
He is worthy to be captain of our team.
Egotist though he was, his parents loved him.
His selfishness got in the way of his promotion.
He gives plain, simple explanations.
He has a face which is easy to understand.
He is well known in our country.
He deals with my company.
He is holding his books under his arm.
He told us a very exciting story of adventure.
It occurred to me that he had done it on purpose.
He didn't do it on purpose.
He didn't answer the question on purpose.
He made a mistake on purpose.
He kicked me on purpose.
He kept me waiting on purpose.
He stepped on my foot on purpose.
He hurt her feelings on purpose.
He took the trouble to assist the poor man.
He took the trouble to send me the book.
He kindly took the trouble to send me home.
He came all the way to talk over a problem with me.
He took the trouble to show me the way to the station.
He went out of his way to find the house for me.
He went out of his way to help me.
He kindly took the trouble to see me home.
He went out of his way to assist me.
He doesn't bother to comb his hair.
He went all the way to see her, only to find she was away.
He is a clerk at the Bank of Washington.
He has no more than 100 dollars.
He had no more than 10,000 yen.
He saved all of what little money he earned.
He works for a mere pittance.
He missed the last train by a minute.
He made the best of his small income.
He has no more than one hundred books.
He showed his agreement by a sight inclination of his head.
He seemed unconscious of my presence.
He edged himself into our conversation.
He is an utter stranger to me.
He made little of my complaints.
He looked me right in the eye.
He is able to run faster than I am.
He has given us indecent wages.
He made an apology.
He suggested that we should put off our departure.
He fell short of our expectation.
He is our leader, and must be respected as such.
He is trespassing on our private property.
He walked vigorously ahead of us.
He deserves our reverence.
He makes little of our efforts.
He lost himself in his studies.
He wrote her to the effect that he loved her.
He is a man with a lovable character.
He is a lovable person.
He died leaving his beloved children behind.
He lost his beloved son.
He dearly loves his school.
He was excited by nationalistic sentiment.
He drove his car to Yokohama.
He wants affection.
He felt hungry for affection.
He spoke to me pleasantly.
He went out without saying good-bye.
He doesn't know even the proper way of greeting people.
He admitted having done wrong.
He was punished for his evil acts.
He broke down when he heard the bad news.
He fell among bad companions.
He suffered from a bad cold.
He will get an average mark at worst.
He led a life of vice.
He has taken on bad ways.
He regretted his misdeeds.
He's up to no good.
He is fighting with his back against the wall.
He was forced to go back because of the bad weather.
He came in spite of bad weather.
He keeps bad company.
He refused to shake hands.
He held out his hand.
He put out his hand to me for a handshake.
He has a grip of steel.
He yielded to pressure.
He is thought to be difficult to deal with.
He is leading a life of ease.
He lives in comfort.
He has to maintain a large family on a small salary.
He gave a sigh of relief.
He lost his balance and fell down.
He was looking for something in the dark.
He strained every nerve to see in the darkness.
He lit a candle in the dark.
He was afraid of the dark.
He came back after dark.
He was feeling for the light switch in the dark.
He groped for the doorknob in the dark.
He felt his way through the darkness.
He doesn't have enough brains to do sums in his head.
He escaped under cover of the darkness.
It is said that he was very rich.
He visited Italy before.
He used to live here.
Has he stayed here before?
He had been there before.
It seemed that he had been very happy.
He decided to study harder.
He is not the man that he used to be.
He is not strong as before.
He's different from before.
He used to come here on Mondays.
He used to smoke, but now he doesn't.
He has seen better days.
He didn't used to drink.
He is less healthy than he used to be.
He is not as fat as he was.
He used to go out at night.
He studies much harder than before.
He is now better off than before.
He came a little earlier than he used to.
He is better off than before.
He used to walk to his office.
He seems to have been rich before.
He used to go to school by bicycle, but he takes a bus now.
He used to get up early.
He is looking at what used to be my father's desk.
He used to eat out every day, but he can't afford it.
He used to be well off and generous, but now he lives from hand to mouth.
He tried to imagine what the client was like.
He is a great scholar and what is better, a good teacher.
He's putting on airs.
He is known as a great pianist.
It seems that he was a great athlete.
He was a great musician.
He became a great musician.
He was destined to become a great musician.
He is a great scientist.
As great a scientist as he is, he lacks common sense.
He is said to be a great scientist.
He is known as a great painter.
He is a great scholar, but lacks what is called common sense.
He is a man of great capacity but of little ability.
He is known as a great poet.
He was a great general and statesman.
He is as great a novelist as ever lived.
He came to be known as a great novelist.
He was a great statesman and was elected president.
He is supposed to have been a great statesman.
He is a great statesman, and what is more a great scholar.
He is regarded as a great statesman.
He never forgot his ambition to become a great statesman.
He is known to everybody as a great ballplayer.
He suddenly walked out of the committee meeting.
He is a member of the committee.
He's the chairman of the committee.
He was elected chairman of the committee.
He's resigned his position as chairman of the committee.
He complained that he had not been informed of the committee's decision.
He played an important role on the committee.
He was fired against his will.
He came home in high spirits.
He hinted at his intention.
He has a strong will.
He doesn't have a mind of his own.
He is a man of weak character.
Brought up by a weak father, he is partial to sweets.
He plays little part in the decision-making.
When he came to, he was lying alone on the hill.
He broke the window intentionally.
He broke up the chair for firewood.
He was open to a different way of thinking.
He got angry with whoever challenged him.
He cut a brilliant figure.
He died of cancer of the stomach.
He loaded his stomach with food.
He used to suffer from stomach aches.
He seems to deal in clothes.
He made out really well in the clothing business.
He tried different kind of foods one after another.
He committed an illegal act.
He left all his property to his wife in his will.
He has drawn up a will.
He was devoted to medical science.
He is a medical student.
He is engaged in medical research.
He was engaged in medical research.
He devoted himself to the study of medicine.
He has great influence over the medical world.
He is a professor of the medical department.
In addition to being a physician, he was a master pianist.
In addition to being a doctor, he is a writer.
He is qualified as a doctor.
He studies with a view to becoming a doctor.
He has lost faith in the doctor.
He is a doctor.
He was a doctor; moreover a poet.
He is proud of being a doctor.
He was a great poet as well as a doctor.
Is he a doctor?
He is not a doctor.
He is not a doctor but a teacher.
He is a doctor and also a novelist.
He has much practical experience as a doctor.
He became known as a doctor.
He is no good as a doctor.
He is famous as a doctor.
He is proud of not having consulted a doctor.
He wishes to become a doctor.
He made up his mind to be a doctor and go to a doctorless village.
He made up his mind to be a doctor.
He studied hard with a view to being a doctor.
He was brought up to be a doctor.
He made a determination to be a doctor.
He abandoned his hope of becoming a doctor.
He is bent on becoming a doctor.
He has been told by the doctor to give up smoking, but he cannot seem to give it up.
He was told to abstain from drinking by the doctor.
He was given up on by the doctors.
He regretted that he had put off going to the doctor.
I fancy he is a doctor.
He looks nothing like a doctor.
He looked like a doctor.
He stopped smoking on his doctor's advice.
He is said to be qualified as a doctor.
He took medical advice.
He kept on drinking in defiance of his doctor's warning.
He is a future doctor.
He sent for a doctor.
He proposed to send for the doctor.
He went for the doctor.
He made believe he was a doctor.
He dedicated his life to medical work.
He fetched some water from the well.
He was thirsty enough to drink a well dry.
He said he was going to take a risk.
He composed three poems in a month.
He stayed in London over a month.
He is nothing but a businessman.
He is nothing but a poet.
He is nothing more than a clerk.
He has consistently endeavored to help the poor.
He worked ten hours at a stretch.
He dashed off a letter.
He is apparently a pianist.
He went from door to door asking for contributions.
He is, in a word, a poet.
He is, in a word, a utopian.
He went away without saying a word.
He went by me without a single word.
He went out without saying a word.
He would sit for hours without saying a word.
He would often sit for hours without saying a word.
He went out of the room without saying any words.
He gave not a word in reply.
He listened very carefully in order not to miss a single word.
He listened carefully so that he might not miss a single word.
He ate one bite, and then another.
He made the trip independent of his company.
He lived here for a time.
He stayed in London for a time.
He was laid off.
He has lain there for an hour.
He lived in France for some time, then went to Italy.
He's been grounded for a week.
He came again after a week.
He has been sick for a week.
He has been sick in bed all week.
He stayed away from school for a week.
He left for Europe a week ago, that is, on the tenth of May.
He hasn't come home since he left last week.
He worked hard; otherwise he would have failed in the examination.
He does not have anyone to play with.
He wanted to come with us.
He left the company on account of personal reasons.
He had breakfast all alone.
He went there by himself.
He is alone.
Being an only child, he was the sole inheritor.
He has traveled around the world in eighty days by himself.
He lives here all alone.
He lives in this lonely place by himself.
He decided to set out for New York by himself.
He listened to music by himself.
He likes to take a solitary walk.
It is as if he is carrying his cross all by himself.
He lives in the forest alone.
He lives by himself.
He had dinner by himself.
He likes to travel by himself.
The moment he was alone, he wrote the letter.
Being left alone, he sank into meditation.
He was alone.
He was seated all alone.
He became alone in the world and was chilled to the bone.
He had his only son killed in the war.
I like a solitary walk.
He likes to travel alone.
He set out on a lonely journey.
He did not sleep a wink.
He stayed awake all night wondering why the deal went wrong.
He has more books than he can read in his life.
He devoted his life to education.
He devoted his life to his study.
He has dedicated his life to the preservation of nature.
He remained poor all his life.
He tries hard.
He tried hard only to find that he was not fit for the job.
He tried hard, but failed.
He worked hard; as a result he made a great success.
He emphasized the importance of working hard.
He attributes his success to hard work.
He's selling hot dogs to beat the band.
He tried hard, but he failed.
He worked hard to no purpose.
His hard work will make him.
He did his best to drink.
He must have studied English hard.
He tried hard in vain.
He worked hard, finishing the report in one week.
He worked hard. Otherwise he would have failed.
He worked hard, so that he succeeded.
He seemed to be tired from working hard.
He must work hard.
He is a hard worker, and I'm sure that he will succeed in that new job.
He is a hard worker.
He is accustomed to working hard.
He studied very hard.
He worked hard only to fail again.
He studied hard only to fail in the exam.
He studied hard and passed the test.
He expects to succeed in winning a scholarship by studying hard.
He remained single all his life.
He was deaf to all arguments.
He threw a piece of meat to a dog.
He lives from hand to mouth without saving a penny.
He bought a pair of shoes.
He made a great fortune in his lifetime.
He tried more than once, only to fail.
He carried six boxes at a time.
He has never played golf.
He has never been late for school.
He has never cleaned his room.
What he has once heard he never forgets.
He was after the first prize.
Not a day passed by but he regretted what he had done.
He set out to read the book through in a day.
He does a kind act once a day.
He is in the habit of eating only two meals a day.
Exhausted from a day's work, he went to bed much earlier than usual.
He can't do without cigarettes even for a day.
He idled away a whole day.
He turned down her request for a day off.
He exists on 3,000 yen a day.
He's always on the go, from morning to night.
He slumbered out the whole day.
He does nothing but complain all day long.
He played tennis all day long.
He did nothing but watch TV all day.
He was watching television all day.
He did nothing but lie in bed all day.
He hunted for his missing cat all day.
He searched all day for the letter.
He has been absorbed in the novel all day without eating.
He was completely tired from walking all day.
He slept all day.
He kept silent all day.
He does nothing but play all day.
He will work one day and loaf the next day.
He earns twenty dollars a day.
He had been dry for almost a year, but he fell off the wagon around New Year's Day.
He died one year ago.
He lives and works there all the year round.
He skipped a grade.
He shared his box of biscuits with all his friends.
He was killed by a single bullet.
He is popular with the people at large.
He is popular among general readers.
He tossed and turned all night.
He lay awake all night.
He will win the first prize.
He came first. Therefore he got a good seat.
I felt that he skirted around the most important issues.
He is the tallest boy.
He found a dog abandoned in the wood.
He missed the train by one minute.
He's broke.
He made his way to presidency step by step.
He caught hold of a rope and saved himself.
He wrote a letter on a piece of paper.
He took out a piece of paper.
He fell in love with the girl at first sight.
He fell in love with her at first sight.
He saw at a glance that his daughter had been crying.
He spent all night cramming for the test.
He is a musician of the first rank.
It is no exaggeration to say that he is a first-rate writer.
He was recognized as a first-class singer.
He would have been able to enter a good university easily if he had tried, but he entered a vocational school instead.
He threw the ball to first base.
He came up to Tokyo with a big dream.
He put his things carelessly in the drawer.
He turned back to help her up the stairs.
He opened the drawer, and took out a letter.
He has retired, but he is still an actual leader.
He drank himself to death.
He gave me a lecture on drinking.
He was given to drinking and ruined his health.
He was punished for drunken driving.
He was cured of his drinking habit.
He was converted from his licentious living.
He is a sly fox.
He made a sharp turn to the right.
He extended his right arm.
He was the first man to float in space.
He is dreaming of becoming an astronaut.
He was drenched by the rain.
He predicted there would be rain.
He arrived on time in spite of the rain.
He walked into the rain.
He went on walking in the rain without an umbrella.
He went out in the rain.
He is in bad health because he walked in the rain.
He walked on and on in the rain.
He goes to work on foot every day except on rainy days.
He sought shelter from the rain.
He availed himself of the rain.
He went out prepared for rain.
He is notorious as a liar.
He says he has never told a lie, which is a lie.
He is above telling a lie.
He is far from telling a lie.
He seems to have told a lie.
He was punished for lying.
I can't help suspecting that he is lying.
I suspect that he is lying.
He kept on telling lies.
He abhorred lying.
He is not a man to tell a lie.
He denied the rumor.
He had the luck to catch the train.
Do you think he is a good driver?
He is a bad driver.
He drives roughly.
I think he is a good driver.
He is good at driving.
His driving skill is very amateur.
You can't be too careful when driving a car.
He can drive a car.
He works on the railroad as a driver.
He is bent on getting the driving license.
He failed to pass his driving test.
He put emphasis on the importance of the exercise.
He crossed the ground.
He has excellent reflexes.
He has little appetite for lack of exercise.
He is the manager of the marketing department.
He has done this for profit.
He adores the movies.
Since he's crazy about movies, he watches as many movies as he can.
He lost his cinema ticket.
From a movie star he became a statesman.
He left Africa forever.
He had returned to England forever.
He has gone back to California for good.
He will leave here for good.
He said good-bye for good.
He says he is leaving the country for good.
He left Japan for good.
He can swim well.
He boasts that he can swim well.
He is a good swimmer.
He suggested that we go for a swim.
He is afraid of swimming.
He taught me how to swim.
He learned how to swim.
He can't swim.
He went to sea to swim.
He is a very fast swimmer.
He is fond of swimming.
It seems that he is unable to swim.
He seems unable to swim.
He can swim.
He learned to swim.
He is such a good English speaker.
He likes English very much.
English is not easy for him to learn.
He can speak both English and French.
He has a good command of English.
He has made little progress in his English.
He is weak in English.
He is poor at English but second to none in mathematics.
While he likes English, he is weak in mathematics.
He can't read English, much less German.
He cannot speak English, much less German.
He can't speak English, can he?
Does he speak English?
He can speak English, and French as well.
He is superior to the rest in so far as he can speak English.
He speaks French as well as English.
He got 90 marks out of 100 in English.
He is ahead of his class in English.
He is much inferior to me in English.
He is ahead of our class in English.
He is ahead of us in English.
He is superior to me in English.
He can make himself understood in English.
He expressed himself very well in English.
He read a book written in English.
He keeps a diary in English.
He got full marks in English.
He could not make himself understood in English.
He speaks English, and French as well.
He speaks only English and German, neither of which I understand.
He speaks Spanish, not to mention English and German.
He can speak English and French.
He is capable of teaching both English and French.
He doesn't speak both English and French.
He can speak German, not to mention English and French.
He speaks English and French.
He teaches mathematics as well as English.
He is inferior to his younger brother in English.
He has an unusual ability in English.
He can speak French in addition to English.
He is quite at home in English.
He went to America last year to brush up his English.
He can speak not only English but also French.
He wants to learn some English songs.
He made two mistakes in the English test.
He passed his English examination.
He writes an English letter.
Does he write an English letter?
He fell behind in his English class.
He is a teacher of English.
He is getting on very well with his English.
He is busy learning English.
He is very zealous in his study of English.
He's working at his English.
He has made rapid progress in English.
He can speak not only English but also German.
Obviously he speaks English, but he can even speak Spanish.
He can speak French and German, not to mention English.
He speaks French, not to speak of English.
He can speak both English and German.
He can speak both English and French very well.
He speaks both English and French.
He can speak neither English nor French.
He can speak Spanish, not to mention English.
He speaks English well.
He never speaks English without making mistakes.
He is improving in speaking English.
He doesn't know English at all.
He speaks English as fluently as if he were an American.
He is superior to me in his good knowledge of English.
He has a good grasp of English.
He went there to learn English.
He went abroad with a view to learning English.
Besides teaching English, he writes novels.
He earns his living by teaching English.
He teaches English.
He has a perfect command of English.
He began to learn English.
He cannot write English without making mistakes.
He speaks English a little.
I decided to go to college to major in English.
He knows no English.
He does not know English, much less French.
He can read and write English as well.
He is studying English, but he is also studying German.
He went to the United States to study English.
He went to London to study English.
He went up to Tokyo with the intention of studying English.
He speaks English like a native.
He mastered English easily.
He has to speak English.
He is speaking English.
He speaks English.
He started to speak English.
Can he speak English?
He can't speak English.
He never speaks English without making a few mistakes.
He is terrible at speaking English.
He is a very good speaker of English.
He flatters himself that he is the best speaker of English.
He is a good speaker of English.
Has he become able to speak English?
He acquired the ability to speak English.
He cannot speak English, much less French.
He can't speak English, much less French.
He has two languages at his command besides English.
He knows no foreign language except English.
He has some experience in teaching English.
He is qualified as an English teacher.
He joined the English club.
He had learned English before he left for England.
He is proud of being a British subject.
He is well acquainted with the history of England.
He studied English history.
He is a British citizen, but lives in India.
Born in England, he speaks British English.
He went to Britain to deepen his knowledge of the culture.
He doesn't know how to write a letter in English.
He devoted himself to the study of English literature.
He is a master of English literature.
He went to England for the purpose of studying English literature.
He majors in English literature.
Hero as he was, he was not boastful.
He was regarded as a hero.
He believes that he is a hero.
He is a sanitary inspector.
He was aware of a sharp pain.
He met one of his old friends on his way back from the station.
He was made to wait at the station for two hours.
He came across her at the station.
He did not see anyone else at the station.
He met his English teacher at the station by accident.
He approached the station.
He will have to go to the station.
He left his luggage at the station.
He made an effort to get to the station early.
He arrived at the station.
He is walking towards the station.
He is going back and forth in front of the station.
He hurried to the station.
He went to see his grandfather off at the station.
He took a taxi to the station.
He did a rough drawing to show me the way to the station.
He went as far as the station.
He ran to the station and caught the train.
He has been to the station to see her off.
He exchanged yen for dollars.
He mentioned the matter of the banquet.
He delivered a speech.
He was speaking.
He is giving an address.
He is used to making speeches.
In his speech he dwelt on the importance of education.
He attacked the government's policy in his speech.
He forgot part of his speech and had to ad-lib for a while.
He referred to his past experience in his speech.
He was making a speech, but he broke off when he heard a strange noise.
He tried to gain time by making a longer speech.
He broke off in the middle of his speech.
He delivered his speech splendidly.
He quit smoking cold turkey.
He does not smoke.
He climbed up the tree like a monkey.
He came from far away.
He watched from away.
He made for the light he saw in the distance.
He went far away.
He caught sight of a ship in the distance.
He managed to avoid damaging my reputation by dropping a hint.
He enjoys exploring remote areas.
He drew a straight line with his pencil.
He bought pencils, notebooks, dictionaries and so on.
He has two pencils; one is long and the other short.
He has a habit of sucking his pencil.
He put down the pencil on the desk.
He took a pencil in his hand.
He is said to have something to do with the political scandal.
He vindicated his honor.
He is worried whether his wife can get on with his mother.
He was afraid of his wife.
He was caught off guard when his wife announced they were going to have a baby.
He may have argued with his wife, but he can't have hit her.
He got his wife to mend his shirt.
He is no match for his wife.
He is seeing one of his secretaries behind his wife's back.
He has been tamed by his wife.
He wanted to be woken up early by his wife.
He can cook as well as his wife.
He is twice as heavy as his wife.
He ought to take good care of his wife.
He played his trump card.
He took a taxi both ways.
He gave three wrong answers.
He is influential.
He fell flat on the floor.
He commutes from Yokohama to Tokyo by train.
He was beaten black and blue.
He was named after the king.
He made up a story about the king.
He is of royal blood.
He will succeed to the throne.
He was to succeed to the throne.
He carries himself with the majesty of a king.
He was more than a king.
He lives in that yellow house.
He put off his trip to Okinawa.
It is said that he is a billionaire.
He fell from the roof head over heels.
He fell down from the roof, and what made the matter worse, broke his leg.
He cleared the roof of snow.
He was accused of cowardice.
He is more shy than timid.
He is nothing more than a coward.
He resented being called a coward.
He was far from thankful to his former teacher.
He embraced his son warmly.
He is a man of moderate opinions.
He can move quietly and quickly.
He has a great fondness for music.
He is a great lover of music.
He likes music very much.
He has an ear for music.
He is very fond of music.
He belongs to the music club.
He likes not only music but sports.
He likes sports as well as music.
He seemed to be very keen on music.
He is given to music.
He is interested in music.
He is mad about music.
He is absorbed in music.
He applied himself to the study of music.
He went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
He has a remarkable aptitude for music.
He has gone to Italy to study music.
He's no judge of music.
He likes both music and sports.
He is playing music.
He diverted himself by listening to music.
He settled down in his armchair to listen to the music.
He was listening to music.
He wrote a letter, listening to music.
He went to Italy in order to study music.
He went to Austria for the purpose of studying music.
He's not in the top grade as a musician.
He has established himself as a musician.
It appears that he is a musician.
He didn't arrive until the concert was over.
He is going to the concert.
He is a man of musical ability.
He has worked his way up from the bottom.
He is haughty to his juniors.
He looked down at the valley below.
He is poor at chemistry.
He is keen on science.
He devoted himself to the study of chemistry.
He hardly studies chemistry.
He knows little of mathematics, still less of chemistry.
He is up to some monkey business.
Does he do any sports?
He is good for something.
He was mumbling something.
When he begins to do anything, he devotes himself to it.
It occurred to me that he was trying to conceal something.
He needs something to drink.
Did he propose any solutions?
I think he is planning something.
He seems to have something on his mind.
He described exactly what happened.
He was afraid about what was going to happen.
He seems to be worried about something.
He went about the store looking for something to buy.
He wants something cold to drink.
He has been wandering over Europe for months.
What a nice fellow he is!
He pretends to know everything.
He understands everything right on the spot.
He is a type of a person who calls a spade a spade.
He sometimes loses his temper for nothing.
He tends to do everything to excess.
He wants everything his own way.
He was able to do everything at will.
He is an all-round man.
He was no better than a yes-man.
He likes to do everything for himself.
He didn't trust his brother enough to confide in him.
He has a tendency toward exaggeration.
He talks as though he knew everything.
He thinks he knows everything but, as a matter of face, he is very ignorant.
He talks as if he knows everything.
He finds faults with everything I do.
How strong he is!
What a good speaker of Japanese he is!
What is he up to?
I wonder what he will say.
He managed to get home before dark.
He managed to be on time for class.
What a good tennis player he is!
What a fool he is!
How he eats!
What rude language he uses!
What a good swimmer he is!
How noisy he is!
He reflected on what answer to make.
He returned home without telling us.
He had no difficulty swimming across the river.
He gave away his entire fortune to an old friend's daughter, and expected nothing in return.
He has nothing in him.
I am a little bit afraid that he will not prepare anything because I have not seen a presentation of his with presentation material.
He found no difficulty in solving the problem.
He is good for nothing.
Everything seems to go right with him.
He would often sit here for hours doing nothing.
He would sit for hours doing nothing.
He would often sit for hours doing nothing.
He preferred working to doing nothing.
He has nothing to do.
He was smiling as if nothing had happened to him.
He did nothing wrong.
He says that he saw nothing. However, I don't believe what he says is the truth.
He didn't say anything.
He said nothing, which made her angry.
He will not accomplish anything.
He never seemed to accomplish anything.
He hasn't left any message.
He seemed vague about what he wanted to do.
What does he want to do?
What do you think he is?
What is he?
What is he doing?
Whatever he takes up, he gets soon tired of it.
What is he driving at?
He was at a loss what to do.
He is passive in everything.
What is he so angry about?
What is he aiming at?
He is successful in everything.
What was he up to?
What is he after?
What did he look up?
What is he talking about? It just doesn't make sense.
What is he running after?
He can't stick to anything very long.
He is always taking his own way in anything.
He had his own way over everything.
He is not pleased with anything.
He is very thorough about everything.
He never sticks to anything very long.
He has a negative attitude to everything.
He went on reading the book as if nothing had happened.
He is the kind of man who cannot do anything in moderation, but always goes to extremes.
What time did he ask for your response?
When do you expect him back?
When did he say he would come?
He has been driving for hours.
He will often sit and look at the sea for hours.
He kept waiting for hours and hours.
He has dozens of books about Japan.
He has dozens of English books.
There is nothing wrong with him.
He is writing to some friends of his.
He dictated several letters to his secretary.
He tried to give up smoking several times, but failed.
He has had several goes at marriage.
He tried several times, but failed.
He knocked at the door again and again, but there was no answer.
He has been to Europe many times.
He tried again and again, but didn't succeed.
He looked back at us many times and walked away.
He interrupted the speaker with frequent questions.
He had to go without food for days.
He often goes without food for days.
He looked as if he hadn't eaten for days.
He came back after many years.
He had to part from her owing to unavoidable circumstances many years ago.
He had to lead a miserable life for many years.
He values honor above anything else.
He put up a notice about the change in price.
He would go to out for a long walk in summer.
He likes swimming in summer.
He organized a summer rock festival.
He doesn't like the heat of the summer.
He hates wearing a tie during the summer heat.
He waters the flowers every day in summer.
He stayed in Nagano throughout the summer.
He had to carry many loads from the house to station.
He was seen going out of the house.
He tore out of the house.
He got thrown out of the house.
He was at home.
He isn't at home, is he?
Is he at home?
He went back home.
He tried to force an entrance into the house.
He insured his house against fire.
I suppose he's gone home.
He was bursting to go home.
He was burning to go home.
He reads 10 books when he returns to the house.
He called at the baker's on the way home.
He must be at home. I see his car in his garage.
He made for home.
He mailed a letter home.
He had his roof damaged.
He lives near my house.
He built a fence around his house.
He looked about the house.
He cleared the road in front of his house of snow.
He checked the durability of the house before buying it.
He made over the interior of his house.
He is an honor to his family.
They began to sail to their home.
He had to walk all of ten miles to his home.
He walked home.
He sold his house for 50000 dollars.
He has left his family.
He bought the land for the purpose of building a house on it.
He has bought a lot in the suburbs with a view to building a house.
He bought the lot with a view to building a house on it.
He bought the land for the purpose of building his house on it.
He didn't want to part with his house.
He has just left home.
He was looking into the possibility of buying a house.
He can afford to buy a house, to say nothing of a car.
He looked into the possibility of buying a house.
I hear that he sold his house.
He put up his house for sale.
He advertised his house for sale.
He succeeded to the family business.
He deals in furniture.
He was not a financial burden on her.
He ran away from home.
He had the maid sweep his room.
He didn't like being separated from his family.
He traveled to Hawaii with the family.
He lives apart from his family.
He sat surrounded by his family.
He provided food and clothes for his family.
He prepared his family for the move.
No sooner had he met his family than he burst into tears.
He took leave of his family and got on board the plane for New York.
He said good-bye to the family.
He took leave of his family and got on board.
He worked very hard for the sake of his family.
He likes to cook for his family.
He can imitate the rest of the family.
He worked hard in order that his family might live in comfort.
He took a photograph of the family.
He works hard in order to keep his family in comfort.
He is full of anxiety to please his family.
He came in quietly in order not to wake the family.
He abandoned his family.
He deserted his family and went abroad.
He abandoned his family and went to live in Tahiti.
He provides for his family.
He has a sufficient income to support his family.
He has to work hard in order to support his family.
He is working hard to support his family.
He has a family to provide for.
He is way behind on his rent.
He was way behind on his rent. As a result, he was evicted from his apartment.
His family circumstances were such that he became a teacher out of necessity.
He doesn't show any interest in science.
He devoted his life to the study of science.
He applied himself to this scientific study.
He is absorbed in scientific work.
He is a scientist and musician.
He is a scientist.
He won eminence as a scientist.
He is famous as a scientist.
He said he wanted to be a scientist.
He studied very hard to become a scientist.
If he had been free, he would have gone fishing.
He did it at his leisure.
He made the most of his free time.
He eats nothing more than fruit.
He eats nothing else but fruit.
He didn't like to sing but they made him sing.
He kept singing.
He sang while working.
He sang and sang.
He started singing.
He wanted to make singing a career.
He is good at singing.
He is very popular in that he is a good singer.
His singing is very good, but he plays the guitar just as well.
He came singing a song.
He is a good singer.
He amused the children by singing.
He is not a singer, but an actor.
He had made good as a singer and he became very popular.
He is a budding singer.
He explained how to make a fire.
He shook me awake, shouting, "A fire!"
He extinguished the fire.
He has a large basket full of flowers.
He sent her some flowers, along with a pretty card.
He knows a lot about flowers.
He bent over to see insects in the flowerbed.
He broke the flower vase on purpose.
He dropped a vase.
He answered with a look of annoyance.
He put the luggage down.
He put down his burden.
He was made to check his papers by the chief.
He was promoted to section chief.
The section chief keeps him down.
He saw that he was wrong.
He accidentally hit his thumb with the hammer.
He dwelt on the pleasure of the past.
He meditated on his past life of suffering.
He dwells on his past failures.
He is very progressive, not to say radical.
He got sick from overwork.
He has been exhausted from overwork.
My father fell ill because he worked too hard.
His overwork brought on an illness.
He died from overwork.
He is tired from overwork.
He's suffering from the effects of overwork.
He insulted our team.
He argued for our forming the alliance with that nation.
He is considered one of the greatest scientists in our country.
He is an honor to our country.
He committed an offense against our laws.
He is one of the best brains in our country.
He represented our company at the conference.
He betrayed us by telling the enemy where we were.
He showed his heels to us.
He stood apart from us.
He did it with us all with pleasure.
He wants to come along with us to the movie.
He partook of dinner with us.
He gave us a detailed account of his experiences in Africa.
He urged us to obey the rule.
He warned us not to enter the room.
He advised us against doing it.
He entreated us help him.
He offered his help to us.
He promised us his assistance.
I think he is holding something back from us.
He bade us welcome.
He sprang a new request on us.
He sent us his blessing.
He conceded us the use of his yacht.
He has given us not a little trouble.
He is arrogant toward us.
He took a polite leave of us.
He provided us with everything we needed.
He is the best player on our team.
He is the most valuable player in our team.
He lives next door to us.
He prides himself on having been accepted into our football team.
He should be apprised of our intentions.
He refused to listen to our request for help.
He lives next door but one to us.
He played a very important part in our scientific research.
He appealed to our emotions.
He did not live up to expectations.
He refused our offer to arrange a press conference.
He sang at our request.
He's sympathetic to our plan.
He brought pressure to bear on our decision.
He is a man of great credit in our city.
He is worthy of our praise.
He abused our trust.
He is a man after our own hearts.
He can sing better than any of us.
He is not of our number.
He turned a deaf ear to my advice.
He failed to follow our advice.
He made fun of our ignorance.
He did not ignore our request, and neither did she.
He seems to be wary of us.
He expressed his thanks to us all.
As he couldn't endure, he took to his heels.
He had reached the limits of his patience.
He is a painter.
He was a painter, as I knew from his appearance.
He cannot be an artist.
He has a great talent as a painter.
He turned his artistic gifts to good account by becoming a painter.
He was born to be a painter.
He is a sort of painter.
He furnished the hungry with food.
Every time he meets me, he brags about his car.
Every time I saw him, I found him to be taller.
He always says "Hello" when I see him.
He spoke to whomever he met.
He makes friends with everybody he meets.
He presented himself at the meeting.
He called in to say he could not attend the meeting.
Illness prevented him from attending the party.
He absented himself from the meeting.
He has the privileges of membership.
He limited the membership to twenty.
He suggested we should stop smoking at the meeting.
He stayed absolutely silent throughout the conference.
He had a hard time making himself understood at the meeting.
He armed himself with all the facts before asking questions at the meeting.
He didn't attend the meeting.
He tends to be late for meetings.
He was careful not to disrupt the meeting.
He kept silent during the meeting.
He prepared carefully for the meeting.
He decided not to go to the meeting.
He won't be in time for the meeting.
He attends meetings off and on.
He canceled the appointment to attend the meeting.
I imagine he will be late for the meeting.
He suggested that the meeting be put off till Monday.
He is always on the go in his office.
He holds a high position at the company.
He occupies a prominent position in the firm.
He got an important position in the company.
He doesn't get along with anybody in the office.
He must be working late at the office.
He is a valuable acquisition to our company.
He had not been employed by the company two years before his linguistic abilities were recognized.
He goes to the office by car.
He has done much for his company.
He worked day and night in the interest of his firm.
He is the cash-box for his company.
He pocketed the company's money.
He set out on his career as a corporation lawyer.
He is a big man in the company.
He works with me at the office.
He embezzled the money from his office.
He brought in over half of his company's sales, so he expected to be given a piece of the pie.
He traveled at the expense of the company.
He submitted his resignation in protest of the company's policy.
His old company gave him the shaft. But I admire the way he turned bad luck into good and did even better with his own business.
He said in earnest that he would quit the company.
He was still in his teens when he founded a company.
He spoke to me on behalf of the company.
It seemed that he had visited the office.
He is an office worker.
He often breaks into the middle of a conversation.
He meditated for two days before giving his answer.
He is up and about again.
He is beyond the chance of recovery.
It's all up with him.
He found a broken camera.
He fixed the broken table.
He tried to put the fragments of a broken vase together.
He demanded a replacement for the broken part.
He attached a "Fragile" label to the package.
He lives for nothing but pleasure.
His salary enables him to live in comfort.
He lives comfortably.
He is getting better.
He died from wounds.
He suffered terrible pain from his injuries.
He received a large sum of money in compensation for his injury.
He substituted for the injured player.
He seems to have a fat purse.
He resolved to turn over a new leaf.
He lives within a stone's throw of the sea.
He faced toward the sea.
He was walking toward the sea.
He rode a horse to the sea.
He crossed over the sea.
He's afraid of the sea.
He made up his mind to study abroad.
It is said that he will go abroad.
He knows a lot about foreign affairs.
He studied abroad.
He did not study abroad for nothing.
He likes to travel abroad.
He is saving money for a trip abroad.
He has experience of foreign travel.
He gave up going abroad.
He walked along the shore.
When he left the navy, he found it hard to adjust to life ashore.
He has received a commission as a naval officer.
He crystallized salt from seawater.
He enjoyed a new life under the sea.
He is a waiter in a seaside restaurant.
He is bent on buying the seaside villa.
He picked up the ash-tray.
He is hated by all.
He is worshiped as a god by everyone.
He is respected by everybody.
He is respected by everyone.
He is known to everybody.
They began to run all at once.
He has a sharp eye for painting.
He has an aptitude for painting.
He decided to go to Paris for the purpose of studying painting.
He is drawing a picture.
Painting was the great love of his life.
He is fond of painting.
He hung a picture on the wall.
He went to art school to study painting and sculpture.
He brought the art of painting to perfection.
He asked for samples of picture postcards.
He will figure on inviting a lot of guests to the opening ceremony.
He practices medicine.
He came downstairs.
He advocated abolishing class distinctions.
He saw a horrible face at the top of the stairs.
He went up the steps slowly.
He jumped up the steps three at a time.
He ran up the stairs.
He ascended the stairs.
He tumbled down the stairs.
He addressed my full attention to the landscape outside.
Besides being a surgeon, he was a famous writer.
He was hospitalized for a surgical operation.
He had the appearance of a sportsman.
He is wealthy in appearance but not in reality.
He has spent most of his working life as a diplomat.
He is outgoing.
He just returned from abroad.
He had the privilege of studying abroad for two years.
He has written lots of books about his experience abroad.
He is eager to go abroad.
He has changed his mind about going abroad.
He lived abroad for many years.
He has never been abroad.
He was determined to go abroad.
He decided to go abroad.
He went abroad.
He went abroad, never to return.
He is quick at learning a foreign language.
He is well versed in foreign affairs.
He worked hard for the purpose of buying a foreign car.
He is a foreigner, and ought to be treated as such.
He was a foreigner and was treated as such.
He has a lot of foreign stamps.
He has been engaged in foreign trade for twenty years.
He is engaged in foreign trade.
He is rich enough to buy a foreign-made car.
He is not in.
He has gone out.
Every time he goes out, he drops in at the bookstore.
When he goes out, he asks me to keep an eye on his house.
He took little time getting ready to go out.
He is used to talking to foreigners.
They defended their country against the invaders.
I think he gets a passing mark as Foreign Minister.
He was established as Foreign minister.
He cleared his throat.
He had taken to drinking more than was good for him.
As a rule, he arrives at the office about eight-thirty in morning.
He is, on the whole, a satisfactory student.
He was ignorant of the fact that the town had been destroyed.
He doesn't seem to be heading for the town.
He walked about the streets.
He was walking about in the town.
He expected to have seen her before he went out of town.
While walking down a street, he ran into an old friend of his.
He framed the picture he had bought on the street.
He looks just like a skeleton.
He contends that nuclear weapons are necessary for national defense.
He did say so.
Certainly he is handsome and intelligent, but there is something about him that I can't like.
No doubt he will bring the money on the appointed day.
He is a fool, and no mistake.
It is true that he did his best, but he was not careful enough.
I am sure of his honesty.
True, he likes to show off, but he is kind and generous.
He is a famous man, to be sure, but I don't like him.
He is clever, no doubt, but he is cold, too.
He has a firm belief.
He had an assured manner.
He cannot be a slow learner.
He turned to the left at the corner.
He buys and sells leather goods.
He lives off campus.
He is unable to concentrate on his academic work.
He lives within a stone's throw of the school.
He came here before school was over.
He was seeking to do well at school.
He remained at the top of the class at school.
He does far better than you do at school.
He regrets not having worked harder at school.
He wanted to teach English at school.
Not only did he teach school, but he wrote novels.
He was made much of at school.
He instructed students in history at school.
He is doing very well at school.
He was in time for school.
He had a traffic accident on his way to school.
He muttered complaints against the school.
He is likely to be late for school.
He is proud of never having been late for school.
He apologized to the teacher for coming to school late.
He is a member of the tennis club in our school.
He lives in the neighborhood of the school.
He knew more than all the school put together.
He is doing fine in school.
He did badly at school.
He was proud of his school record.
He bought some stationery at the school store.
He doesn't have to go to school.
He often absents himself from school.
He is absent from school.
He was absent from school.
After he left school, he went to London.
His job had already been settled when he left school.
He was anxious to finish school and make his own way in the world.
I hear he is to go abroad for study as soon as he graduates from school.
He made a figure in his school days.
He regrets having neglected his studies in his school days.
He is very glad that his school life is going well.
He is enjoying his school life.
He is a learned man.
He has not only learning but experience.
He was apt to boast of his knowledge.
He prides himself on his learning.
He put on airs with his learning.
He put on high airs with his learning, and he was not popular.
He is a scholar, and ought to be treated as such.
He is thought of as a scholar.
I think he is not so much a scholar as a novelist.
He is not a learned man, but a man of action.
He is a writer rather than a scholar.
He is more a teacher than a scholar.
He is not so much a scholar as a TV personality.
He is not so much a scholar as a poet.
He is not so much a scholar as a popular writer.
He set up for learning.
He made the most of his chance to learn.
He should make the most of his chance to learn.
He attended the scientific conference.
He wanted to be respected by the students.
He found it hard to put his ideas across to his students.
He is a student.
He's popular with the students.
She rents a room to a student.
He was cross with his student.
He bade farewell to the students.
He is spoken well of by his students.
He is spoken ill of by his students.
It appears that he's a student.
He expelled the students from the room.
He is being carried away by a student movement.
He is a diligent student, as students go.
He has experience as well as learning.
He boasts of his education.
He drove his car, whistling merrily.
He plays the piano for his own amusement.
He lay down in a comfortable position.
He can read English easily.
He writes English with ease.
He sailed through the examination.
He put his hand to his forehead.
He was lost in thought with his hand on his forehead.
He wiped the sweat from his brow.
He got a broken jaw and lost some teeth.
He has a beard.
He stopped up the crack with putty.
He is an active person.
He is an active boy.
He is full of energy.
He slipped and nearly fell.
He attached a label to the bag.
He can invest a million yen in stocks.
He invested 500,000 yen in stocks.
He made his timely escape from the stock market crash.
He lost a fortune in the stock market.
He made a killing by investing in the stock market.
He lost a lot of money in the stock investment.
He soon accustomed himself to cold weather.
He left his hometown on a cold morning.
He was blue with cold.
He was blue from the cold.
He is very sensitive to cold.
He is far from perfect.
He was all wrong.
He is entirely in the wrong.
He was completely absorbed in his work.
He is quite clearly out of danger.
He is good and drunk.
He will think he has been completely forgotten.
He is a person who never cuts corners.
He has a good position in a government office.
I am told he has a broad back.
He has dull senses.
He gave a tip as a sign of gratitude.
He gave me this doll in token of his gratitude.
He offered me some money in token of gratitude.
He is apt to give vent to his feelings.
He makes no disguise of his feelings.
He subdued his passions.
He was moved to tears.
He responded to a speech of welcome.
He circulated from table to table at the reception.
He was covered with sweat.
He can't write any kanji.
He adapted himself to circumstances.
He can't accommodate himself to his circumstances.
He made an admirable speech about protecting the environment.
He likes sweets.
He likes anything sweet.
He can't resist sweets.
He had cut down on sweets.
He doesn't care for sweet things.
He suffered an insult.
He was aware of being watched.
He did not so much as greet the manager.
He was advanced to a managerial post.
He lived a simple life.
He couldn't do even simple arithmetic.
He is not the sort of guy who gives in easily.
He will find the bus stop easily.
He is not a man to admit his mistakes easily.
He gets up the tree without difficulty.
He went to Hawaii to do some sightseeing.
His observation is sharp, but he says very little.
He has an acute sense of observation.
It was not long before he got well.
He was soon accepted into the family.
It won't be a long time before he gets well.
He will not fail to pay it.
He promised to return the money without fail.
I'm sure he is holding back something from us.
He will without doubt succeed in the exam.
He was very apologetic for the mistake.
He discovered that he had made a mistake.
He was guilty of making a mistake.
He is afraid of making mistakes.
He made a mistake.
He was very careful for fear he should make a mistake.
He asked our pardon for making a mistake.
He tried different kinds of foods one after another.
He set off in the wrong direction and got lost in the woods.
He must have taken the wrong train.
It seems that he is wrong.
He put salt into his cup of coffee by mistake.
He took the wrong bus by mistake.
By mistake, he turned left instead of right.
He hit me by mistake.
He picked up the wrong hat by mistake.
He escaped being run over by a hair's breadth.
He acquired the habit of snacking.
He repeatedly checked the mountain of related documents.
He balanced himself on a log.
He is sawing a log into boards.
He was carried by the waves away from the shore and out to sea.
He made desperate efforts to reach the shore.
He was mortally ill with cancer.
He lay on his back with his eyes closed.
He looked at her over his glasses.
He is wearing glasses.
He put on his glasses and began to read.
He can see nothing without his glasses.
He took off his glasses and frowned at the nurse.
He took off his glasses.
He looked sharply at me over his spectacles.
He built his house on rock.
He appears to be strong and healthy.
He tried hard, but achieved nothing.
He tried his best, but in the end he was defeated.
He knows a lot of people.
He was red with anger.
He felt the rain on his face.
He wiped the sweat off his face.
He is good-looking and smart.
He did not so much as turn his head.
He flushed into rage.
He looks pale. He must have drunk too much last night.
He works in the planning section.
He belongs to the planning section.
He barely missed being killed.
He narrowly escaped being killed.
He was nearly run over by a car.
He came near being hit by a car.
He was almost drowned.
He saved me from danger.
He was cool in the crisis.
He is not such a man as to flinch from danger.
He underwent a risky operation.
He was exposed to danger.
He was aware of the danger.
He was unaware of the danger.
He must be aware of the danger.
He exposed himself to danger.
He became brave in the face of danger.
He shrank back in the face of danger.
He proceeded in the face of danger.
He stood firm in the face of danger.
He was paralyzed in the face of danger.
He was calm in the presence of danger.
He showed courage in the face of danger.
He never shrinks from danger.
He suspected danger and didn't go near it.
He is fearless of danger.
He remained calm even in the presence of danger.
He was scornful of the danger.
Even though it meant risking danger, he decided to go there.
He was in critical condition.
He was entranced with joy.
He was transported with joy.
They were quite beside themselves with joy.
He will be pleased to help you.
He will be only too glad to help you.
He is willing to stand by you.
He gladly accepted our offer.
He is prepared to help me.
He was willing to help others.
He is good at gymnastics.
He is a man with no standards.
He recounted his unusual experiences.
He is known for his eccentric conduct.
He is possessed by an unusual idea.
He was thinking strange thoughts.
He had a queer expression on his face.
He sank under the weight of age.
He fluctuated between hope and despair.
He was brimming over with hope.
How many pieces of information did he get?
He is well versed in geometry.
He had to go through a lot of hardships.
Many a time did he give me good advice.
He is something like his father.
He is at his desk.
He sat at his desk and began to prepare for the exam.
He laid the book on the desk.
He reached for an English-Japanese dictionary on the desk.
He cast an eye on an old vase on the table.
He cleared out his desk.
He moved the desk to the right.
He put up a flag.
He moved the flags up and down.
He held the flag erect.
As he is a married man, he has to think of the future.
He was disappointed that things didn't turn out as he'd hoped.
He offered more than could be expected.
He never missed any occasion to visit the museum.
He connected the cord to the machine.
He kept the invaders at bay with a machine gun.
He is in a bad mood.
He was in a bad mood, which was rare for him.
He is hard to please.
He is in good temper.
He is in an angry mood.
He is a man of wit.
He acted quickly and put out the fire.
He returned to his land a different man.
He will telephone you immediately when he comes back.
He promised to return and yet he didn't.
He picked me up on his way home.
Upon arriving home, he immediately set about preparing a meal.
He pledged to marry me when he returned home.
He is homeward bound.
He made a request to return to his home country.
He was ordered home.
He learned of his friend's death in the automobile accident when he came home.
He went to bed the moment he arrived home.
He wavered between going home and remaining at work in the office.
He phoned her as soon as he came home.
No sooner had he come home than he proudly made an earth-shattering announcement.
He had an accident on his way home.
He met Sammy Davis, Jr. on his way home.
He found himself lying on a bench in the park.
He has gone mad.
He's interested in many things.
He has a generous nature.
He has a bad temper.
He seems to be in a dark humor.
He is not all there.
He glanced at her with no sign of recognition.
He's unlucky to a pitiful extent.
He fainted and fell on his back.
He was at ease with strangers.
His troubles led him to drink.
He has a noble mind.
He is young at heart.
He's very generous, so let's go with him.
He is generous to excess.
He was hard to please.
He looks bad-tempered, but he is kind at heart.
He began to feel ill.
He got on the train.
He got off the train.
He felt hedged in with rules.
He advocates a revision of the rules.
He explained the rules in detail.
He was excluded from the club for infractions of the rules.
He lost his memory.
He is suffering from loss of memory.
He is very busy writing stories.
He springs from a noble family.
He got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen.
He has set down everything that happened.
He furnished food to the hungry.
He was cheated into accepting the forged check.
He was an engineer and was treated as such.
He wants to be an engineer.
He is going to be an engineer.
He bowed out as engineer.
He wanted to succeed, even at the cost of his health.
He is beyond doubt the best athlete in our school.
He is without doubt the most successful movie director in the world.
He was assailed with doubts.
He has completely lost all sense of duty.
He discharged his duties.
He is very observant of his duties.
He was blamed for neglect of duty.
He is in the House.
He came forward as a candidate for Congress.
He was famous for his marathon speeches in parliament.
He was appointed chairman.
He addressed himself to the chairman.
He accepted his appointment as chairman.
He acted as chairman.
He cannot argue without losing his temper.
He never gets into argument without losing his temper.
He is not the kind of person who is open to discussion.
He broke himself of the bad habit of smoking.
He started an argument for smoking.
He killed time in a coffee shop watching girls pass by.
He broke one of the bones in his leg.
He stood with his legs wide apart.
He writes scripts.
He is standing on the hill.
He stood on the hill surveying the landscape.
He came tumbling down the hill.
He went down the hill.
He returned home after a long absence.
He came to school after a long absence.
He phoned me to talk about his holiday plans.
He has gone to Hawaii on vacation.
He needed to rest.
He is home on leave.
He's gone holidaying in the Mediterranean.
He is planning to go home on leave.
He never got a holiday.
He is away on holiday.
He cannot afford a holiday.
He's had a holiday and looks all the better for it.
He dropped in on some old friends during his vacation trip to New York.
He is on leave.
He grew a beard while he was on holiday.
I wonder if he can lend me his guitar during the vacation.
He played golf day after day during his vacation.
While resting, he listens to music.
He enjoys reading novels on holiday.
It appears that he was in a hurry.
He got out of the cab in haste.
He hurried back from England.
He hastily packed his bags.
He went to the airport in a hurry.
He got into his car in a hurry.
He put the phone down in haste.
He went out in a hurry.
He is used to eating in a rush.
He had a hasty breakfast.
He went away in a hurry.
He hates being told to hurry up.
He put his foot on the brake suddenly.
He burst into tears.
He changed his attitude suddenly.
He turned sharp left.
He up and beat me.
He took it into his head to start the next morning.
He felt a sudden urge to write a novel.
He burst into laughter.
He felt a sudden pain.
He fell into a rage.
He had to leave for Tokyo on short notice.
He suddenly fell ill.
He suddenly started writing a letter to his mother.
He stopped short.
He stopped short and looked back.
Urgent business discouraged him from going on a picnic.
He has gone to Osaka on urgent business.
Urgent business kept him from coming.
He left for Tokyo on urgent business by the 7 o'clock express this morning.
He's beyond help.
He does not speak unless he is asked to.
He cried and cried.
He began to cry.
He was made fun of by his classmates.
He is on good terms with his classmates.
He exposed himself to the ridicule of his classmates.
He was the object of great admiration from his classmates.
He rose from office boy to manager of the company.
He left a note to the effect that he was going out for lunch.
His salary is so small he must do odd jobs.
He moved to a good company that offered a good salary.
He demanded that his salary should be increased right away.
He demanded that his salary be increased.
He breeds cattle and horses.
He learned how to raise cattle.
He exchanged his cow for two horses.
He has ten cows.
He doesn't like beef. Neither do I.
He died of cancer last year.
He tried to give up smoking last year, but it was in vain.
He stopped smoking last year.
He has not written to us since last February.
He was in good health last summer.
He had long hair last year.
He dozed off.
He fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
He lives in an enormous house.
He inspired me with confidence.
He doesn't like fish.
He never goes out fishing without taking his son.
He has a passion for fishing.
He is able to swim like a fish.
He caught three fish.
He doesn't eat raw fish.
I think he makes money by selling fish.
He is a fish dealer.
He lives in Kyoto.
He bought a small house in Kyoto.
He had been there for ten years before he came to Kyoto.
He may have left for Kyoto.
On arriving in Kyoto, he went home.
He is studying at Kyoto University.
He endeavored to win the contest.
He was traded, so to speak, to the rival firm.
He is superior to his competitors in everything.
He watches for an opportunity to intrigue against his rival.
He wasted his time on gambling at the horse races.
He knows better than to spend all his money on horse racing.
He was considered an accomplice.
He often offends against our agreement.
He has investigated the possibility of cooperation.
He began to shout.
He heard a shout.
He cried out.
He is contented with his lot.
He's strong.
He won the game thanks to his strong will.
He was dazzled by the bright light.
He has a strong mind.
He has a strong body.
He is strong, brave and, above all, kind.
He looks strong.
He comes on strong.
So far from being robust, he was extremely weak.
He was far from robust.
He has strong principles.
He is a man of firm character.
He's a tough-minded owner.
He was too obstinate, but on the other hand he was reliable.
He was arrested on the charge of burglary.
He was sent to jail for the robbery.
He was in prison on a charge of robbery.
He described the robbery in detail.
He had his hat blown off by the strong wind.
He defeated his powerful antagonists.
He was scared green.
Probably he wasn't just playing practical trick on us.
He prophesied that a dreadful calamity would happen.
He fell a victim to a deadly disease.
He has an enormous conceit.
He turned pale with fear.
He was paralyzed with terror.
He had a look that mingled fright with surprise.
He was seized with fear.
He was paralyzed by fear.
He was guided by his fears.
What he was taught he mastered.
He found that teaching was his calling.
He assimilated what he was taught.
He made himself immortal with a number of outstanding books about education.
He is engaged in teaching.
He is a man of education.
He doesn't even know the elements of an education.
He placed emphasis on the importance of education.
He stated the importance of the education.
He keeps harping on about declining standards in education.
He holds an extreme opinion on education.
He introduced the problem of education into the conversation.
He chose education for his career.
He found it difficult to live on his student grant.
He proposed a reform in the educational system.
He has had a long teaching career.
He's a textbook case.
He's a teacher and so am I.
He is a teacher.
He is not a teacher, much less a scholar.
He is not a teacher but a student.
He is not a teacher but a doctor.
He is a teacher and novelist.
He is not so much a teacher as an entertainer.
He has little experience in teaching.
He is eminent both as a teacher and writer.
He earned his living as a teacher.
He aspires to become a teacher.
He has decided to become a teacher.
He is unfit to be a teacher.
He is better suited to a job as a teacher is.
He works as a teacher, but actually he is a spy.
He earns his living by teaching.
He ran into the classroom.
He slipped out of the classroom.
He is not so much a professor as a TV star.
He went into teaching.
He has long experience in teaching.
He acted like a madman.
He felt an acute pain in his chest.
He died from a wound in the chest after a week.
He felt patriotism rise in his breast.
He was beside himself with excitement.
He was flushed with excitement.
He turned red with excitement.
He is prone to getting excited.
The more excited he got, the less talkative he became.
He sat down to recover from his agitation.
He could not restrain his excitement.
He couldn't restrain his excitement.
Does he often call his parents at home?
He turned round from side to side to look at himself in the mirror.
He picked up a mirror and examined his tongue.
He arched his eyebrows in surprise.
He cried out in alarm.
He looked at me in surprise.
He started in surprise.
He was filled with wonder.
He lifted the car with his phenomenal strength.
He lays on his back.
He was lying on his back.
He laid on his back and looked up at the sky.
He lay face up.
He was lying on his back, looking at the sky.
He lay on his back.
He fell backward.
Was he lying on his back?
Because of his achievements, he is held in high esteem.
He is timid as a hare.
He was charged with a secret mission.
I hear he is looking for work.
I like him all the better for his diligence.
They say he is diligent.
Hardworking as he was, sometimes he felt disinclined to study.
He is neither diligent nor clever.
He is far from diligent.
He is an industrious student.
Is he a hardworking student?
He is an industrious man.
He is a diligent student. He studies three hours every day.
He isn't a diligent student.
He gained the prize by dint of hard work.
Diligence enabled him to succeed.
He succeeded by virtue of diligence.
He gave me his office telephone number and address.
He abstained from smoking.
He vowed to give up smoking.
He is in bonds.
He renounced smoking and drinking.
He abstained from alcohol.
He signed off from wine.
He has been working out to develop his muscles.
He lived in a town near by.
He lived in a small town nearby.
It is rumored that he will shortly resign.
I hear he is in bad health these days.
He is a hard man to get at.
He criticizes a book recently published.
He is getting along with his employees.
He was made a fool of by his neighbors.
I think he can get along with his neighbor.
He could not get along with his neighbors.
He is getting along with his neighborhood.
He is a cut above his neighbors.
He gets along well with the people in his neighborhood.
He majors in modern literature.
He took a short cut.
He took great pains to find a shortcut.
He has more money than he can use.
He had to give up the trip for lack of money.
He could not go on a trip for lack of money.
He failed, due to lack of money.
He asked for the money.
He made a medal of gold.
He sold his country for money.
He is close with his money.
He said nothing as to money.
He is liberal with his money and buys a lot of presents.
He married for money.
He doesn't give a fig about money.
He'll do anything for money.
He sold his principles for money.
He sold his party for money.
He doesn't know what to do with his money.
He was wearing a gold necklace and a coat made of bird feathers.
He is a rich but dull man.
He has much money but few friends.
He is alert to every chance of making money.
He asked for some money.
He worked hard to earn a lot of money.
He pinched and scraped for many years to save money.
He said that he had a lot of money.
He worked hard to make money only to fail.
He invested his money in stocks.
He exhausted his money.
He tried to buy into the club.
He slid the money into my pocket.
He approached his uncle about lending him some money.
He lost the respect of his people when he accepted the money.
He is lavish with his money.
He was robbed of all his money.
He went in search of gold.
He said he would lend me some money, and he was as good as his word.
He stole my money from the safe.
He left his safe in my care.
He is free with his money.
He is generous with his money.
He is rich, what is more, he is well-bred.
He is rich but he is none the happier for his wealth.
He is rich and you are just as rich.
He is rich but he is not happy.
Rich as he is, he is not contented.
He has more money than taste.
Although he is rich he works very hard.
He is rich, but he is unkind.
Though he is rich, he is unkind.
He is said to be rich.
He was very rich, and therefore could buy a mansion.
He must have been rich.
He seems to have been rich.
He seemed to have been rich.
I think him to be rich.
He is rich and, moreover, well-born.
He is rich and I am poor.
He is as generous as wealthy.
He boasts of his wealth.
Though he is rich, he is not happy.
For all his riches, he is not quite contented.
He is not rich, but he is happy.
He is not rich. On the contrary, he is deep in debt.
He's not rich, but he's happy.
He's not rich or able.
He longs for the fellowship of the rich.
For all his riches he is not happy.
For all his wealth, he was still unhappy.
He sought to be rich and famous.
He wanted to be rich.
He worked day and night so that he might become rich.
He has not become rich, but he had a certain measure of success.
For all his wealth, he lives a simple life.
He looked like a rich man.
He makes believe he is rich.
It seems that he is rich.
He was born rich.
He married a rich girl.
He seems to be rich now.
He is careless about money.
He got on a train bound for Kanazawa.
He deals in hardware.
He thinks only of making money.
He was so intent on money-making that he had no time to think of anything else.
He thinks of nothing but making money.
He's a financial analyst with a pretty good reputation for his analysis of economic trends.
You can make book on it that he won't help you.
He had heard wonderful stories about cities of gold with silver trees.
He got a loan from the bank.
He settled his account with the bank.
He borrowed a lot of money from the bank.
He has a credit of $3000 at his bank.
He has plenty of money in the bank.
He is employed in a bank.
He went to the bank and changed his money.
He paid his loan back to the bank.
He had a lot of money in the bank.
He has a large borrowing from finance banks.
He went into the bank.
He's the president of the bank.
He is a bank clerk.
He gets a reasonable salary as a bank clerk.
He learned his trade as a banker in London.
He is in the banking line.
He said, "It's nine o'clock."
He lives in a small village in Kyushu.
He had a bitter experience.
He was in agony.
Somehow he managed to work his way through college.
He was very badly situated.
He's out of his mind with pain.
He cried out in pain.
He held back a cry of agony.
He was impatient under his sufferings.
He made nothing of hardship.
He took pains to write this song.
He has managed to secure several accounts.
He accumulated his fortune by hard work.
He lived a life full of worries.
He seems to be sick.
He pretended to be a stupid man.
He was too foolish to avoid making such errors.
He was foolish to agree to the plan.
He was silly enough to believe her.
Fool as he is, he knows how to make money.
He was looking at the sky.
He stood looking at the sky.
He looked up at the sky.
He likes to relax at home with his family when he is on leave from the Air Force.
He called his mother up from the airport.
He went to the airport to see his friend off.
He lives in a world of fantasy.
He got ideas into his head.
He is no more than a dreamer.
He tried to make up for lost time.
Hunger urged him to steal.
He was so hungry that he didn't hesitate to eat everything on the plate.
He fainted with hunger and fatigue, but came to after a while.
He left for America by air.
He has changed his mind about going abroad by air.
He came across this old coin in an antique shop.
He overheard the conversation by accident.
He saw the scene by accident.
He found his lost camera by chance.
It happened that he found the treasure.
He stopped to put on his shoes.
He runs a shoe shop.
He had one of his socks on inside out.
He had his socks on inside out.
He ran for his life when the bear appeared.
He kept on telling the same story over and over.
He'll do whatever you ask him to.
He wonders if you are afraid of snakes.
He is not such a fool as you assumed him to be.
He wants a watch like yours.
He is a man whom I think you cannot trust.
He is eager that you come tomorrow.
He will object to your going abroad.
He runs as fast as you.
He wants you to stay here.
Did he acquaint you with the facts?
Is he kind to you?
Did he tell you what to do?
He'll be glad to see you.
He knows better than to lend you money.
He was scared you would shoot him.
He's very angry with you.
He is angry with you.
It is not that he's angry with you.
He asked me to communicate his wishes to you.
He says he has a bone to pick with you.
He'll lend you his book.
He went as far as to call you a hypocrite.
He is putting on an act for you.
He listens to whatever you say.
He has no intention to interfere with your business.
He begrudges you your success.
He was greatly amused at your suggestion.
He was amused at your suggestion.
He asked after you.
He is not so tall as you.
He's much taller than you.
He's stronger than you.
He's a little taller than you are.
He may have misunderstood you.
I thought he loved you, but as it is, he loved another girl.
He has a grudge against you.
He went so far as to call you a fool.
He addressed the crowd gravely.
He was surrounded by the crowd.
He battled his way out of the mob.
He disappeared into the crowd.
He passed among the crowd.
He muscled his way through the crowd.
He pushed his way through the crowd.
He cruised his way through the crowd.
He was drafted into the army.
He received an honorable discharge from the army.
He was discharged from the army.
He is in service.
He was sentenced to death.
He is a detective.
He is an authority on criminal law.
He was put in prison.
He was sent to prison.
He satisfied me that his brother was innocent.
He differs from his brother.
He got angry with his brother.
He is less patient than his brother.
He grappled with his brother.
He was anxious for his brother to meet you.
He looks for all the world like his brother.
He ran to catch up to his brother.
He is not less bright than his brother.
He isn't less clever than his brother.
He was standing by his brother.
He made up for the sins of his brother.
He took part in the meeting in place of his brother.
He is less diligent than his brother.
He is less clever than his elder brother.
He ran faster than his brother did.
Does he have any brothers?
As soon as he graduated from Keio University, he took over his family's business.
He stuck the notice on the board with tacks.
He did me the compliment of listening.
He commented that the economy was likely to get better.
He decided to perform systematic research.
He has just arrived here.
The experience gave him an advantage over the others.
He does well considering that he has no experience.
He is doing very well considering he lacks experience.
He is destitute of experiences.
He has both experience and knowledge.
He is lacking in experience.
He lacks experience.
He failed in business for lack of experience.
He failed for want of experience.
He worked hard to make up for his lack of experience.
He is an experienced teacher.
He flatters himself that he is second to none in finance.
He is an expert in economics.
He has much economic knowledge.
He contributed much to the development of the economy.
He made a substantial contribution to economics.
He is a great authority on economics.
He is in his element when talking economics.
He gave up the plan for economic reasons.
He relies on his wife financially.
He became financially independent.
He is not economically independent of his parents.
His economical backing is secure.
He is an accountant at the company.
He accomplished the work as planned.
He gave me a brief outline of the plan.
He persisted in his project.
He explained his plan both to my son and to me.
He never makes a plan without putting it into practice.
He is expert at figures.
He is quick at figures.
He's good at arithmetic.
He suddenly took a defiant attitude toward the police officer.
He got away disguised as a policeman.
He was taken away by a policeman.
He ran away at the sight of the policeman.
As soon as he saw the policeman, he ran away.
He ran at the sight of the policeman.
As soon as he saw a policeman, he ran away.
When he saw the policeman, he ran away.
He got off with a warning.
He was subjected to torture by the police.
He has been looked for by the police.
He gave the police a false name and address.
He made a false statement to the police.
He notified the police of the traffic accident.
I heard that he gave himself up to the police.
He is hunted by the police.
He was caught by the police.
He's wanted by the police.
He fell under the suspicion of the police.
He was in dead earnest when he threatened to call the police.
He is suited for police work.
He took to his heels when he saw a policeman.
As soon as he caught sight of a policeman, he ran away.
He is the chief of a police station.
He curled his lip in a sneer.
He had a reputation for carelessness.
He is not interested in art at all.
He has very little, if any, knowledge about art.
He has a good eye for art.
He contributed a lot of money for the sake of art.
He is proud that he is an artist.
He has great ability as an artist.
He realized his dream of becoming an artist.
He fancies himself as an artist.
He was raised in an artistic family.
Since he's in show business he often goofs around in a showy way, but once in a while he has these bashful mannerisms that are really cute.
He made good as an entertainer.
He is familiar with the entertainment world.
He won a dramatic success.
He was attacked by a sharp pain in his stomach.
He resisted arrest violently.
He was trembling with rage.
He left the room in a rage.
He was bursting with fury.
He choked with rage.
He was apologetic for being absent.
With all his faults, he is respected by everybody.
He likes anyone even if that person has a fault.
He is a mass of faults.
He never appears before nine o'clock.
He is anything but a liar.
He is the last man to tell a lie.
He never tells a lie.
He is the last person to tell a lie.
He is above doing such a thing.
I am sure he would be the last person to do it.
He is anything but handsome.
He is anything but a good student.
He is the last man to take a bribe.
He never counts on my help.
He never lies.
He is far from a scholar.
He never seems to feel the cold.
He would be the last man to steal money.
He never lay down under the power.
He is no stranger to me.
He was by no means happy.
People say he never dies.
He is the last man to deceive me.
It may safely be said that he will never succeed in business.
He will never admit his fault.
He never makes a show of his learning.
He never made a display of his learning.
He never speaks of his own job.
He never boasted of his success.
He never breaks his habit.
He is anything but a reliable man.
He never looked back.
He is by no means kind.
He is the last person to pay out of his own pocket.
He is the last person to speak ill of others.
In no way is he a man of character.
He will never yield to the pressure of a politician.
He never puts off anything he has to do.
He makes a point of never speaking ill of others.
He makes it a rule never to speak badly of others.
He never looks down upon others.
He never gets up early in the morning.
He is by no means bright.
He is by no means stupid.
He will on no account accept defeat.
He never looks down on poor people.
He is far from poor, in fact he has a lot of money.
He was always faithful to his wife.
He never borrows nor lends things.
He is no ordinary student.
I am of the opinion that he will never come back.
He never goes out late at night.
He will never break his promise.
He is the last man to break his promise.
He is the last person to break his promise.
He is by no means wanting in courage.
He is not at all a gentleman.
He is the last person to betray his friends.
He never gave way to temptation.
He never goes against his parents.
He will never live up to his parent's expectations.
He has a reputation for taking a long time to make up his mind.
He has a reputation for taking a long time to make a decision.
He changed his mind.
He was persuaded to change his mind.
He is slow to decide, but he is quick to act.
He can't make a decision.
He lacks decisiveness.
He explained at length what had been decided.
He turned out to be innocent.
He stared a hole through her.
He dug a hole.
He is satisfied with the result.
He may dread to learn the results.
He seemed disappointed at the results.
He is sure of success in the end.
He finally had to step down.
He did not appear at all, which made her very uneasy.
He didn't turn up after all.
He didn't pass after all.
He did not turn up after all.
He failed after all.
He was right after all.
He will come after all.
He's a tenacious guy who always manages to come out on top. He's the kind of guy who can turn any situation to his advantage.
He has taken to drinking recently.
He is related to her by marriage.
He is married with two children.
I wonder if he is married.
He has become another man since getting married.
He is unmarried.
He was happily married.
He is related to me by marriage.
He was married and settled down.
He used to play football before his marriage.
He is pussyfooting around on our marriage.
He is not the man he was before he married.
He made a speech at the wedding feast.
He was white-lipped.
He shuddered at the sight of blood.
He saved the dying child by giving his blood.
He plays golf two or three times a month.
He earns 300,000 yen a month.
He gets a haircut three times a month.
He never fails to write home once a month.
He goes to London once a month.
He stood on the surface of the moon.
His monthly salary is no less than 500,000 yen.
He is not worth his salt.
He has a monthly income of 2,000 dollars.
He fell for that old ad for a house like a ton of bricks.
He will have spent all his money by the end of the month.
He was the first man to land on the moon.
He works from Monday to Friday.
He often cuts classes on Monday and Saturday.
He went to New York on Monday.
He is an economizer.
He was compelled to resign on account of ill health.
He got well again.
He has recovered his health, so he is now able to resume his studies.
He declined in health.
He wishes to resign on the grounds that his health is failing.
He looks healthy.
He enjoys good health.
In addition to good health, he has a good brain.
His health enables him to work so hard.
His health has enabled him to succeed in life.
He stopped smoking for the sake of his health.
He stopped smoking for the improvement of his health.
He moved to a warmer place for the sake of his health.
He gave up drinking for the sake of his health.
He quit smoking for the sake of his health.
He has given up smoking for the sake of his health.
He retired because of the loss of his health.
He finished the job at the expense of his health.
He finished the work at the expense of his health.
He did it at the expense of his health.
He did his duty at the cost of his health.
He did duty at the expense of his health.
He worked hard at the risk of his health.
He completed his work at the expense of his health.
He succeeded in business at the cost of his health.
He forfeited his health.
He is beginning to pick up his health again.
He stopped working due to health concerns.
He was in despair over health problems.
He was killed with a sword.
He is an aggressive person.
He was determined, and we couldn't bend him.
He's a really straight-laced guy, so he doesn't like the idea of his son changing jobs.
He shook his head as if to say "No".
He went to the back of the building.
He worked hard only to fail.
He worked hard, until he fell ill.
He worked very hard, but could make little progress.
He struck me in the face with his fist.
He delegated his authority to his competent assistant.
He succumbed to authority.
He exercised his powers to the full.
He is full of ambition for power.
He's power-hungry.
He has one dog and six cats.
He heard the dog barking.
He gave the dog a bone.
I like dogs better than cats.
He has two dogs.
He found a good companion in his dog.
He kept three dogs but lost one of them because of a traffic accident.
Does he have a dog?
He went out for a walk, with his dog following behind.
He is much afraid of dogs.
He let the dog loose in the garden.
He is afraid of dogs.
He beat the dog with a stick.
He tied the dog to a tree.
He went out for a walk with his dog.
He traveled with only a dog for company.
He went about making a doghouse.
He dedicates himself to research.
He is deep in study.
He is absorbed in study.
His study absorbs him.
He is preoccupied with his studies.
He expanded his research.
He keeps some mice for the purpose of studying.
He looked backward over his shoulder.
He carried a rifle on his shoulder.
He shrugged his shoulders.
He was walking with his shoulders squared.
He was wounded in the shoulder.
He looked back over his shoulder.
They walked side by side.
He has broad shoulders.
He is not like he seems.
He is not what he seems.
Though apparently healthy, he really has a delicate constitution.
He isn't as stupid as he looks.
He is not as old as he seems.
He is not as young as he looks.
He is not as simple as he seems.
He is much older than he looks.
He reported to them what he had seen.
He was fixed in admiration.
He ran away lest he should be seen.
He learned golf by watching others and following their example.
I have been to the station to see him off.
He could not accept a strange woman as his mother.
He has too many wild ideas.
He has become thin beyond all recognition.
He is a well informed person.
He wrote away for a sample.
Just because he's wise doesn't mean that he's honest.
He is clever but tricky.
Clever as he is, he still cannot solve this math problem.
He is more clever than wise.
He is more crafty than wise.
He's too smart to do something that stupid.
He looks like a clever boy.
Though he's not clever, he's a diligent worker.
He doesn't appear to be wise, does he?
He is a man of wisdom.
He is not wise but clever.
He has acted wisely.
He searched his pockets for the key.
He fished in the drawer for the key.
He locked up his jewels in the safe.
He tried in vain to open the locked door.
He found his key and opened the door.
He put the key in the lock.
He looked for the key.
He stared at the steep slope.
He was looking through a microscope.
He is not so healthy as he used to be.
He is full of go.
He looks well.
He looked well.
It seemed that he was fine.
He entered into the game with great spirit.
It seems that he's fine.
He has galvanized back to life.
He adhered to the original plan.
He is writing the manuscript over and over again.
He established a friendly relationship with the natives.
He is at once stern and tender.
He cannot put up with hard training.
He was subjected to severe trials.
He is advised to go on a strict diet.
He was subjected to severe criticism.
He is at once strict and tender.
He looks stern, but actually he's very kind.
He erred on the side of severity.
Though he dieted, he still remained too fat.
He advocated reduction of taxes.
He is having a hard time losing weight.
He saw a dog near the door.
He darted into the hall and up the stairs.
He is almost professional.
He didn't say anything as to whether he was going to pay in cash or by check.
He is living in an apartment at present.
He is not content with his present salary.
It seems that he likes his present job.
He is well off now.
He is in the hospital at present.
He deeply deplored the situation.
He is the greatest living artist.
He is a Chopin for our times.
He is a Newton of our day.
He's the Bach of today.
He is one of the best singers of the day.
He is at home in modern English literature.
He has a liking for modern music.
Modern music is familiar to him.
He is hailed as the father of modern anthropology.
He dwelt on the complexities of modern life.
He gave an interesting broadcast about modern art.
He studies contemporary literature.
He was welcomed by the people there.
He is clever at making excuses.
He said a few words by way of apology.
He is inventive of excuses.
He began to make excuses.
He had nothing to say, so he went away.
He went so far as to hit the girl to make her obey his orders.
He said, I am not.
He failed to do what he said he would do.
He took back everything he said.
He did what he had been told.
He did it as he had been told.
He came early, as he had been asked to do.
He had no choice but to do as he was told.
He did what he had been told; otherwise he would have been scolded.
He did what he was told.
He is at home in phonetics as well as linguistics.
He is absorbed in the study of linguistics.
He has a great knowledge of the linguistic field.
He is kind in word and deed.
His words and action do not accord.
His deeds didn't agree with his words.
He got himself committed to it.
He tried to speak by word or gesture.
His actions do not correspond with his words.
He didn't know how to express himself.
He chose every word with care.
He has the faculty to learn languages easily.
He chose his words carefully.
He is a man of few words, but he always keeps his promise.
He is brief of speech.
He tends to place more stress on society in general than on individual.
He has a strong personality.
He found an old, broken chair and sat down at the piano.
He is dressed in an old tweed suit.
He disposed of his old house.
He had the old machine fixed.
He was playing football with an old tin.
He wore old shoes.
He exchanged his old car for a new one.
He traded his old car in for a new one.
He bound old letters into a bundle.
He turned his back on the old tradition.
He cast his old friends aside.
He is the greatest statesman that ever lived.
He is the greatest architect that has ever lived.
He likes collecting old coins.
He is well acquainted with ancient history.
He wrote a novel based on ancient myths.
He is a man with a classical education.
He chanced on a rare book at a second-hand bookstore.
He is as great an artist as lived.
He is as great a scientist as ever lived.
He was sent for and had to go.
He had trouble breathing.
He delivered the package to the orphanage.
It was his fate to live a lonely life.
He was roused by a loud knocking at the door.
He hid himself behind the door.
He gave a rap on the door.
He was roused by a knocking at the door.
He painted the door over white.
He made for the door and tried to escape.
He deliberately broke the glass.
He told deliberate lies.
He deliberately exposed her to danger.
He lives far away from his hometown.
He leads a happy life in his hometown.
A successful local boy is coming home.
He settled down in his native country.
He returned to his native village.
He returned to his native village, where he spent the last few years of his life.
He left his native village never to return.
He retired to his hometown, where he lived a quiet life.
He dreamed about his home.
He left home never to return.
He left home for Spain.
He was exiled from his own country.
He could swim free in the lake.
He ran down to the lake.
He wandered around the lake.
He conducted us on a tour around the lake.
He had words with his employer and was fired.
He had not been employed two months before he was fired.
He cheated his clients out of a lot of money.
He took the elevator to the 5th floor.
He went to Paris at the end of May.
He was struck with polio when he was five.
He is to come here at five.
He will get back from school.
He comes here every five days.
He will arrive on the afternoon of the 5th.
He was set free after doing five years in prison.
I hear he was released after five years in prison.
He is far better off than he was five years ago.
He came at three in the afternoon.
He is supposed to come here at 9 p.m.
He should arrive at the airport by 9 a.m.
He's spent all afternoon rooting up last year's spinach plants.
He will come this afternoon.
He is supposed to come here at 9 p. m.
He goes on duty at 9 a.m. and come off duty at 6 p.m.
He kept me waiting all morning.
He is not always busy in the morning.
He is never in the office in the morning.
He may change his mind later.
He will come afterwards.
He remained abroad later on.
He will join us later.
He shut the door behind him.
He looked back at the pretty girl.
He looked back.
He sighed with regret.
He lived quietly in the latter years of his life.
He is easily led.
He has no friends to talk with.
He regrets his mistake.
He feels no reluctance in acknowledging errors.
He is a hard man to deal with.
He failed to see the stop sign at the intersection and hit an oncoming car.
He drives a hard bargain.
He can't walk now because he got injured in a traffic accident.
He was injured in a traffic accident.
He had a narrow escape in the traffic accident.
He was slightly injured in a traffic accident.
He died in the traffic accident.
He was seriously injured in a traffic accident.
He lost his son in the traffic accident.
He got injured in a traffic accident.
He suffered internal injuries in the car accident.
He lost the sight of one eye in a traffic accident.
He lost his life in a traffic accident.
He met with a traffic accident and had a narrow escape from death.
He met with a traffic accident.
He didn't notice the small video camera above the traffic signal.
He himself was not the light.
He calculated the speed of light.
He went to the park, where he took a rest.
He's somewhere about the park.
He sat on the bench in the park.
He may be jogging around the park.
He likes to walk about in the park.
He rode a bus to the park.
He came across his old friend while walking in the park.
He likes walking in the park.
He was arrested for abusing public funds.
He embezzled public money.
He found a public telephone and called a taxi.
He insulted me in public.
He has gone to Paris on official business.
He went to Osaka on official business.
He wears thick glasses.
He had the nerve to ask me to marry him.
He had the boldness to ignore my advice.
He had the cheek to ask me to help him.
He had the boldness to ignore the teacher's advice.
He is a tight-lipped man.
The word yes never escapes his lips.
He stammered out a few words.
His answer was to strike me on the head.
He was sitting there with a pipe in his mouth.
He never fails to do what he says.
He shaved his mustache off.
He grows a mustache.
He could not speak, he was so angry.
He never opens his mouth without complaining about something.
He stood gazing at the sight with his mouth open.
He kept his tongue under a bridle.
He opened his mouth wide.
He may be a poor talker and far from shrewd, but I like him all the better for that.
He held his tongue and didn't say a word.
He put great emphasis on spoken English.
He drew $100 from his account.
He deposited 100 dollars in his saving account.
He had some money in an account that he'd set aside for his kids.
He made up an excuse.
He whistled for his dog.
He took an oral examination.
He lives up there, up on that mountain.
He can do whatever he likes with the money.
He bought as many books as he liked.
He is all curiosity.
His curiosity prompted him to ask questions.
Curiosity got the better of him.
He took advantage of the good weather to do some gardening.
He deserves a good reputation.
He has skill in handwork.
He works in a factory.
He felt tired of working in the factory.
He is happy.
He may not be happy.
He did not die happily.
He lived a happy life.
He didn't die happily.
He had the good fortune to marry a pretty girl.
He had the fortune to marry a nice girl.
He had the good fortune to find a good wife.
He had the good fortune to be rescued from the burning building.
He had the fortune to find a job.
He was fortunate to find the book he had lost.
He was so fortunate as it find a good job.
He may well be said to have been a fortunate man.
He seems to be very happy.
He is happy. For one thing he's got a promotion and for another he has just got married.
I believe that he's happy.
He seems to be happy.
Though he is wealthy he is not happy.
He lives in a large house.
He has wide views.
He is the first national politician to be named in a widening corruption scandal.
He works for an advertising agency.
He crossed the immense pacific on a raft.
He is possessed of a wide landed property.
In haste, he left the door open.
He dashed out in confusion.
He studied for ten years.
He set fire to the school building.
He dislikes the principal.
He has just become a principal.
He was promoted to the position of head teacher.
He lives in a port town.
He thrust some coins into my pocket.
He dropped lemon juice into his tea.
He added a little sugar and milk to his tea.
He ordered a cup of tea.
He lost hold of the rope and fell into the river.
He is rigid in his views.
He is unrealistic.
He brought his ideas into practice.
He was slow in putting his idea into practice.
He is an archeologist's assistant.
He made a positive answer.
He has a superficial knowledge of navigation.
He transformed a piece of waste ground into a beautiful garden.
He was beaten with an iron rod during a violent soccer match.
He will not go.
He didn't go, and neither did I.
He doesn't want to go; neither do I.
He was unwilling to go.
He is not so careless as to take the wrong train.
He said to himself that he should go.
He is regretful that he couldn't go.
His good manners predispose people to like him.
He behaved badly.
He is careful about his manners.
He is an ill-mannered man.
He has learnt manners.
He has no manners at all.
He is deliberate in his action.
He had little freedom of action.
He is a man of action.
The way he talks and acts, you can tell he's a redneck.
He was counted as lost.
He went about town looking for his missing dog.
He set out to find his lost mother.
He craned his neck to see the procession.
He went to the hall to give an address.
He cleared his throat before starting the lecture.
He brought his speech to an end.
He supplemented his lecture with a booklet.
He forged the steel into a sword.
He's quite philosophical about his demotion.
He gave in.
He held up his hands in token of surrender.
He returned home by way of Hong Kong.
He was snoring loudly while he slept.
He gets a good salary.
He committed suicide by jumping out of a high window.
He had to pay a high rent for his farm.
He has a long nose.
He rescued a cat from a high tree.
He has a soaring ambition.
He has quite a few valuable paintings.
He wears expensive clothes and owns a lot of jewelry.
He is a man of noble blood.
He is of noble ancestry.
He is a man of noble birth.
He prides himself on having an expensive car.
He gets a high salary.
He is a highly paid man.
He is the soul of honor.
He has a fabulous reputation for his high integrity.
He suffered from high blood pressure.
He attended the high school for three years without missing a single day or being late.
He teaches English grammar at a high school.
He is a student at a high school.
He is married to a high school teacher.
He dropped out of high school.
He has been playing chess since he was in high school.
He joined the company right after he got through high school.
He maintained a steady speed on the highway.
He came by the freeway.
He is not a high school student.
He seems delirious with a high fever.
They must've skipped out of town.
He is free from pride.
He is a famous painter and should be treated as such.
He was a famous poet and a competent diplomat.
He lends money at a high rate of interest.
He is very concerned about his elderly parent's health.
He has a good fastball.
He went fishing in between.
He was raised in the States, but his mother tongue is Japanese.
He had hoped to found a new company after the merger was complete.
He carved his way to fame.
He did not fail to confess.
He gave his life for his country.
He works for the good of the country.
He gave up his life for his country.
He is much concerned about the future of the country.
He was awarded a knighthood in acknowledgement of his services to the nation.
He has a seat in the Diet.
He has numerous friends in the Diet.
He has been elected to Congress.
He was elected a member of parliament.
He passed across the border.
He likes Japanese, and he's good at it.
He decided on international relations.
He is known to the entire country.
He traveled throughout the country.
He traveled around the country.
He is famous both at home and abroad.
He had national welfare at heart.
He became a national hero.
He is busy with affairs of state.
He deals in grain.
He caught a terrible cold.
He is wearing sunglasses.
Since he was dressed in black, he looked like a priest.
He was dressed in black.
He wore a dark sweater.
He has a habit of looking down on coloured people.
He drew two squares on the blackboard.
He got wet from the waist to the knees.
He settled down to his work.
He is Japanese to the bone.
He is rotten to the core.
He has an eye for antiques.
He is better off now than he was three years ago.
The door is being painted by him.
He is very sullen now.
He is now looking for a bigger house to live in.
He'll be out at lunch now, so there's no point phoning straight away.
Is he studying now?
He is very busy with some important work now.
He's out now.
He's now short of money.
He has a cold now.
He left his country two years ago.
He is now playing tennis on the court.
He has arrived here now.
He hasn't been here long.
He should have finished his work by now.
He ought to have arrived in New York by now.
He ought to have arrived in New York about this time.
He should have arrived by this time.
He left the office just now.
He has just set out toward town.
He should be back any minute now.
He may leave any minute.
He will be back in a second.
Need he go right now?
He is not the active person he used to be.
He is not the rough motorcycle gang member he was before.
He doesn't work here now, but he used to work here.
He is not what he was.
He is still aching for his home.
He still writes to me from time to time.
He still rings me from time to time.
He still writes novels from time to time, but not as often as he used to.
He still comes to see me now and then.
He is watching TV now.
Where is he running now?
I wonder where he is now.
He is now in a very difficult situation.
I'm sure he's going to be somebody someday.
He'll be here any moment.
He's beginning to cry.
He should have been back by this time.
He is sure to pass the exam if he studies at this rate.
He is now a senior at Harvard.
He doesn't live there anymore.
He is now staying in Paris.
He is now on the way to recovery.
They are now aboard the ship.
He is at work now, but will return at seven.
He is swimming in the pool.
He is on another phone at the moment.
He has little money with him.
He has been a good companion to me.
He is as great a musician as ever lived.
He is as brave a man as ever lived.
He has built two houses so far.
He has written five books so far.
He has so far been silent about his intention.
He has never been to Okinawa before.
He's got the biggest eyebrows I've ever seen.
He is the greatest singer that ever lived.
He's never had to earn his own living.
So far, he has been extremely happy.
He was as gentle a man as ever lived.
He doesn't live here anymore.
He is not the coward that he was ten years ago.
He is on the radio.
He is now either in Rome or in Paris.
He is the last person I want to see now.
He is not studying English now.
What is he doing now?
What is he up to now?
He is in conference now.
This is his sixth accident.
He has hardly studied this term.
He is now at the desk.
He's in a bad temper.
He laid by 100 dollars this month.
He hasn't yet turned in the report this month.
He stayed with us until the beginning of this month.
He ought to have arrived there by now.
He will have reached Osaka by now.
He is in trouble now.
Now he is recognized as one of the most promising writers.
He is in London on business now.
He is at work now, but will come back at seven.
He is deeply in debt now.
He put in ten hours of overtime this week.
He has been very busy this week.
He has been busy this week.
He's busy with his homework now.
He is leaving home now.
He is making the document now.
He's reading a novel now.
He is older and wiser now.
He is having lunch now.
He is studying in the library now.
It may safely be said that he is the greatest pianist in the twentieth century.
He is running now.
He is very busy now.
He is now in the prime of manhood.
He is dead and buried now.
He received a good many letters this morning.
He has been busy since this morning.
He has been writing poems since this morning.
He got up earlier than usual this morning.
He breathed his last peacefully this morning.
He got up in the morning.
He shot himself this morning.
He got up early this morning.
He set out for Tokyo this morning.
He went for a walk with her this morning.
He is not available.
He's now on the phone.
I wonder when he will come next time.
He will get his job back at the next election.
He is not running in the coming election.
He will play golf next Sunday.
He is living in Tokyo.
He is crossing the street now.
He brought his lunch today.
He is being earnest today.
He is taking a day off today.
He is pretty well today.
He will be back a week from today, that is, on December 10.
He's coming back from America a week from today.
He is to phone me this afternoon.
He wants to play soccer this afternoon.
He will play tennis with his friends.
He will look in on me again this afternoon.
He will be coming to see me this afternoon.
He didn't want to take today's test, so he made believe that he was sick, and didn't go to school.
For a professional, he gave a poor account of himself in today's game.
He looks a good deal better today.
He feels a lot better today.
It seems that he is very busy today.
He is not at home to anybody today.
He is supposed to be at home today.
He doesn't have to go to school today.
He cannot come to the office today as he is indisposed.
He is off today.
He is a shade better today.
He is in high spirits today.
He is being kind today.
He is off duty today.
He will not come today.
He is also returning late today.
He is at home today.
He plays in the outfield today.
I doubt if he'll come to school today.
He is absent from school today.
He will go to hospital.
He may come today.
He is now in the hospital and his life is in the balance.
He has grown three centimeters this year.
He's a student who I'm teaching English to this year.
He has set up three world records in swimming this year.
He becomes a university student this year.
He will be here all evening.
He is being Nelson tonight.
He is to come to my house tonight.
He will reach Hakodate tonight.
He looks tired this evening.
I wonder if he'll come tonight.
He is now setting things in order in his room.
He is having lunch.
He's writing a book now.
He is reading a book.
He is reading a book. Let's leave him alone.
Will he come this evening?
He is leaving Narita for Hawaii this evening.
He won't turn up tonight.
He may come and see us tonight.
He promised to come home early tonight.
He writes to his parents once a month.
He's at church right now.
He anticipates that he will be in trouble.
When he is in trouble, he always turns to his sister for help.
He seems to be in trouble.
He was always ready to help people in trouble.
He could not forsake his friend in trouble.
He never turns his back on a friend in need.
You should be careful not to bother him.
He is used to hard work.
He got over his difficulties.
He was confronted with some difficulties.
He will cope well with difficulties.
He made his way through difficulties.
He turned away from them in embarrassment.
He has an interest in collecting insects.
He is a scholar to the core.
He is the essence of kindness.
He is a good fellow at heart.
He was a good fellow at heart.
He is by nature a kind fellow.
He is, at bottom, an honest man.
He chafed under the groundless criticism.
He is cool amid confusion.
He tends to get angry over trifles.
He gets angry over trivial things.
He looked around.
He raised his hands one after the other.
He caught the ball with his left hand.
He hurt his left hand.
He had an operation on his left leg.
He broke his left arm.
He scooped up sand by the handful.
He likes drinking coffee without sugar.
He uses honey instead of sugar.
He mixed sugar with milk.
He likes coffee without sugar.
He sat smoking, with his wife sewing beside him.
He sat listening to the radio.
He sat reading a magazine, with his wife knitting beside him.
He sat reading a weekly magazine.
He sat looking out of the window.
He sat reading, with his wife sewing by the fire.
He sat reading a book.
He sat reading with his wife sewing by the fire.
As soon as he sat down, he picked up the telephone.
He rose from his seat.
He sat in Zen meditation.
He gave way to the temptation again.
He tried it again, but in vain.
He tried it again, only to fail.
He made up his mind to try again.
He was never to return to his hometown.
Do you think he will be elected president again?
He was never to see his mother again.
He was never to see his parents again.
He tried it over and over again.
He is up for reelection.
He likes the most beautiful flower.
He is among the best jazz singers.
It is necessary that he prepare for the worst.
It is necessary that he should prepare for the worst.
He prepared for the worst.
He's been feeling a little on edge recently.
Recently he's become a really nice person.
He hasn't been much in evidence recently.
He got a nice job recently.
He has recently returned from France.
He took a cold bath even in winter until recently.
He set up a company recently.
He has recently failed, but he is still full of hope.
He easily gets angry nowadays.
He has been working very hard of late.
He is well off nowadays.
He is depressed lately.
He finished last but one.
He finally yielded to the request of his wife and bought a house.
He finally surrendered to her.
He ended up in jail.
He was the last person to arrive.
He was in time for the last bus.
He left the last page blank.
He was in the process of making a final decision.
He canceled the appointment at the last moment.
He breathed his last breath.
He is shivering on the brink.
He will end up in prison.
He did not know what to do to the end.
He remained faithful to the last.
They say he is the best tennis player.
He is said to have been the best football player.
He said that the last bus leaves at 10:50 p.m.
He is busy with the final draft.
He missed the last train.
He dashed to catch the last train.
When he missed the last train, he was at a loss.
He went to a fruit store first.
At first, he sounded very sincere.
He is the first Japanese that traveled in space.
He was the first man to cross the Pacific.
He hit the center of the target with his first shot.
He couldn't carry out his first plan.
On hearing the news of the birth of his first child, he jumped for joy.
He was a writer who had never lived up to the promise of his first novel.
At first he hated her but gradually came to love her.
He did his best.
He did his best; otherwise he would not have won the first prize.
He did his best and still had poor marks.
He tried his best only to fail again.
He did his best, in vain.
He did his best, but failed.
He would do his best.
He objected to his wife working outside.
He felt great sorrow when his wife died.
He has taken to drinking since the death of his wife.
He cooked meals for himself when his wife was sick.
He stopped smoking because his wife and children asked him to.
He lives at peace with his wife.
He is living apart from his wife.
He concealed the fact that he had divorced his wife.
He said to his wife "Are you coming with me"?
He asked his wife if she was coming with him.
He got his shirt mended by his wife.
He seldom gives his wife presents.
He was in deep grief at the death of his wife.
He reminded his wife to wake him up at 7:00 a.m.
He related to his wife something interesting about his employer.
He told his wife not to buy on impulse.
He entreated his wife not to leave him.
He does not need a wife to look after him.
He persuaded his wife not to divorce him.
He wrote a book based on an idea which he borrowed from his wife.
He was angry with his wife.
He was filled with anxiety about his wife's return.
I do not think he will ever get over the loss of his wife.
He is discouraged over his wife's death.
He hasn't got over the death of his wife yet.
He survived his wife for many years.
He frowns on his wife's wasting money.
He is afraid his wife is not very domestic.
He has no wife, no children and no friends.
He is even older than his wife.
He survived his wife.
He bent over backward to please his wife.
He endeavored to make his wife happy, but in vain.
He began to indulge in drinking after he lost his wife.
Losing his wife drove him to steal.
He was jealous of his wife.
He trusts his wife to a great extent.
He was accompanied by his wife.
He is alleged to have poisoned his wife.
With all the talent he has, he never makes any effort.
He was promoted by virtue of his abilities.
He did justice to his talent.
He looks young for his age.
He became more obstinate as he grew older.
He took no photos of the festival.
He walked to and fro on the stage.
He keeps a toyshop in a small way.
He took great care, yet he made a mistake.
He grows tomatoes in his garden.
He pleaded self-defense at the trial and went scot-free.
He pleaded with the judge for mercy.
He appealed to the judge for mercy.
He was raised to the bench.
He made no end of excuses.
I wonder if he's at home.
He is at home, but no one can see him.
He was egging an innocent young man on to join him in his crooked deal.
He was tortured by guilt.
He was eaten up with guilt.
His sense of guilt was diminished.
He was absolved of his sin.
He may as well confess his crimes.
He confessed his guilt.
He conceded that he committed a crime.
They sought to punish him for his crime but he escaped.
He is doing penance.
His wealth has not made him happy.
He is none the happier for his wealth.
He has disposed of what was left of his estate.
He passed his property on to his son.
He consumed his fortune gambling.
He claimed to be an expert in finance.
He is financially embarrassed.
He is badly situated financially.
He took out a dollar from his wallet.
He said that he had left his wallet at home.
He was out of humor as he had lost his wallet.
He took out the wallet from his inside jacket pocket.
He had his wallet stolen.
He writes books.
He is a writer and a statesman.
He is a teacher rather than a writer.
He is admired as a writer.
He has an ambition to make a name for himself as a writer.
He made many grammatical mistakes in his composition.
He wrote his comments in the margin of the composition.
He is awkward in his manners.
He stopped playing baseball last season.
He worked all day yesterday.
He called on me at my office yesterday.
Having failed twice yesterday, he doesn't want to try again.
He set out for Canada yesterday.
He was late for school yesterday.
He read this book yesterday.
He admitted John yesterday.
He bought six cakes of soap yesterday.
He attended the party yesterday.
He was present at the meeting yesterday.
He played tennis yesterday.
He cut himself with a knife yesterday.
It was not until yesterday that he noticed her.
Was he in New York yesterday?
He met the girl on his way home yesterday.
He came to meet me yesterday afternoon.
He got hurt in the game yesterday.
He was watching TV last night.
He was really off the wall yesterday.
Last night, he studied all night long.
He slept well last night.
He feels a good deal better than yesterday.
He is better today than yesterday.
He got to London yesterday.
He left for London yesterday.
Did he study English yesterday?
He did not eat anything yesterday.
He returned from abroad yesterday.
He was absent from school yesterday.
He bought a pair of black shoes yesterday.
He died yesterday.
He forgot to come to see me yesterday.
He took me to the park yesterday.
He called on me yesterday.
He had his car stolen yesterday.
He was operated on yesterday.
He visited his uncle yesterday.
He was behind time yesterday.
He came from Tokyo yesterday.
He went to Tokyo yesterday.
He arrived in Japan yesterday.
The hospital took him in yesterday.
He looks pleased with his new car which he bought yesterday.
He was absent from school yesterday because he was ill.
He went to school to study yesterday.
He arrived here safely yesterday.
He failed to come yesterday.
He got into this school in September last year.
He joined the club last year.
He intended to have visited Naples last year.
He was traveling in the Philippines this time of last year.
He made a will last year.
He visited Kyoto last year.
He failed in his business last year.
He had a new house built last year.
He graduated from college last year.
He changed schools last year.
Was he in Hokkaido last year?
He has been sick since last night.
He watched a basketball game on TV last night.
He wishes he had gone to the theater last night.
He painted an image he had during meditation last night.
He went to bed at eleven last night.
He came back at about nine last night.
He saw a UFO flying last night.
He was working at the office yesterday evening.
He sat up late last night working on the documents.
He appeared on TV last night.
He appeared on television last night.
He need not have come to the party last night.
He practices playing the guitar far into the night.
He went on working without a break last night.
He had his car stolen last night.
He sat up late last night.
He came home late last night.
He was maneuvered out of office.
He cut down a cherry tree.
The story goes that he was murdered.
He is chargeable with murder.
He was framed for murder.
He was hanged for murder.
He was accused of murder.
He is guilty of murder.
He was arrested for murder.
He was guilty of murder.
He witnessed the murder.
He will do anything but murder.
He is accused of murder.
He was sent to jail for murder.
He was tried for murder.
He was convicted of murder.
He was found guilty of murder.
He was involved in a murder case.
He was surprised to hear about the murder case.
He brought out the truth of the murder case.
He has a morbid fondness for murder mysteries.
He was in charge of preparing a magazine for publication.
When he opens a magazine, he will usually read his horoscope first.
He pulled up the weed and threw it away.
He'd been three months in the job and the strain was beginning to tell on him.
He ate three and said he could eat as many again.
He has been to London three times.
He is sure to set a new record in the triple jump.
He won the third prize.
He is leaving in three days.
He has been unconscious for three days.
He came back three days after.
He left three days ago.
He was the champion for three years.
He has been keeping company with Mary for three years.
He left his umbrella in the bus.
He used his umbrella as a weapon.
He stared at the steep slope of the mountain and stopped climbing it.
He came from a tiny mountain town.
He was standing at the top of the mountain.
He left for the mountain never to return.
He fell down in the mountain.
He fells trees in the mountain.
He likes mountaineering and is at home with Japanese mountains.
He likes a walk.
He is taking a walk.
He has gone out for a walk.
Whenever he goes out for a walk, he takes his dog with him.
He was blind from birth.
He seems not to agree.
He nodded as much as to say that he agreed.
He died from lack of oxygen.
He made the best use of the time left.
He was excused from the remainder of the work.
He made the best of the time left.
He rejoiced at the successful business transaction.
He complained that he couldn't find a job.
He is careless and untidy in his work.
He let out a sigh when the job was finished.
As soon as work is over, he makes a beeline for the pub.
He went there on business.
He has gone to New York on business.
He couldn't make it in business.
He succeeded in business.
He is to go to Tokyo on business.
He is busy with his work.
He went to Nagoya on business.
He will never get over his huge business losses.
He combines work with pleasure.
He shows great enthusiasm for his work.
He applied for the job but was turned down on the spot.
Work absorbs most of his time.
Business absorbs all his time.
He set about his work.
He is engaged in business.
He attended to his business.
He acquainted himself with his job.
He directed all his energy to his business.
He is absorbed in his work.
He is very close about his work.
Business prevented him from going to the concert.
He is an eager beaver.
His work occupies his mind to the exclusion of all else.
He was impeded in his work.
He has more experience on the job than I.
He has no distinct idea of how to proceed.
He was honest in business.
He has been in deep water since he got fired from his job.
He stuck to his job.
He goofed on the job and got fired.
He has finished up his work.
He not only has a job but does the housework.
He regretted having quit his job.
He works slowly, because he takes things seriously.
He came to Tokyo in search of employment.
He didn't have as much trouble finding a job as he thought he would.
He got through with his work.
He seems to have finished his work.
Having finished his work, he telephoned his wife.
He put his tools away after he had finished.
He has finished his work, hasn't he?
He was at pains to finish his work.
After he had finished his work, he would read and study by the fireside.
As soon as he finished his work, he went home.
When he finished the work, he went home.
He'll do his best to finish the job.
He is very accurate in his work.
He is looking for a job.
He interrupted his work to answer the phone.
He changed his job.
He has no interests, apart from his work.
He applied for a job.
He's making a table in his workshop.
He began his career with a small vegetable cart which he took around from house to house.
He is at work now, but will be coming home at seven.
You can't see him because he is engaged.
He had an accident at work.
He got hurt in the accident at work.
He welcomed his fellow worker into his home.
He earns more money than he can spend.
He was dressed in an old coat that had seen better days.
He has more money than he can spend.
He has more money than can be spent.
He was a kind master to his servants.
He passed the law examination and set up a law office.
He isn't a history major.
He got down on all fours and started searching for the ring.
He will come back at four.
He was spirited away by four police officers in the middle of the night.
He was let out after serving just two years of his four-year prison sentence.
He ran for Governor of the state four years ago.
At first he didn't take kindly to his new house.
He caught the first train and got there just in time.
He's a difficult person to deal with.
He has three elder sisters.
She said that she would visit Jack with her sisters.
He felt great affection for his sister.
He had his sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He got his sister to help him paint his room.
He will not permit his children to sit up late.
He has a great deal of intelligence for a child.
He has a good deal of intelligence for a child.
He excelled in music even as a child.
He doesn't know the cares of raising children.
He works all the harder because his baby was born.
Though only a child, he was interested in reading books on philosophy.
He watched the boys swimming.
He told the children about his adventures in Africa.
He told his children not to make so much noise.
He sat surrounded by his children.
He denies nothing to his children.
He gave his children a good education.
He was the idol of children.
He did everything he could do for the sake of his children.
He always pays attention to his children's behavior.
He does not take care of his children.
He doesn't take care of his children.
Child as he was, he made up his mind to do the work for himself.
Even though he's a child, he can understand her story.
Child as he was, he worked hard to help his mother.
He is a brute to his children.
He has no authority over his own children.
He left an immense fortune to his children.
He is in anguish over her child.
He quarreled with his wife about their children.
He may often have been here when he was a child.
He used to haunt those caves as a little boy.
He lost his eyesight when he was still a child.
When he was a child, he would go fishing on Sundays.
He objects to being treated like a child.
He is good at dealing with children.
He doesn't know how to handle children.
He took great pains in educating his children.
He was always watching TV when he was a child.
He's been delicate since he was a boy.
He was delicate as a child.
He was strict in disciplining his children.
He worked hard to make his child happy.
He brought back his child in his car.
He sat there surrounded by his children.
He was severe with his children.
He did what he could for his children.
He warned the children against playing in the street.
He took pains educating his children.
He gathered his children around him.
He made the children laugh.
Is he familiar with this part of the city?
He has a bookstore in the center of the city.
He has his office in town.
He lives in the southern part of the city.
He breeds cattle for market.
He exposed corruption in the city government.
He shook hands with the mayor.
He is acquainted with the mayor.
He was elected mayor again.
He was sworn in as mayor.
He was elected mayor.
He addressed himself to the mayor.
He is one of the candidates running for mayor.
They say that he will run for mayor.
He is going to run for mayor.
He represented the mayor at a ceremony.
He served as mayor.
He will run for mayor.
He was deprived of his civil rights.
He dare not express his opinion.
Did he dare to jump the brook?
He is a master at getting his own way.
He is a considerate father.
He turned his thoughts toward home.
It appears that he is mistaken.
He dared to propose to her.
He expressed himself clearly.
He was enjoying himself to his heart's content.
He is an abler man than I thought.
He came home earlier than I expected.
He laughed in spite of himself.
He is lost in thought.
He lost himself in thought.
He blew on his fingers to make them warm.
He raised a finger in protest.
He blew on his fingertips.
He could learn without instruction.
He is looked up to by all as their leader.
He isn't worthy to take the lead.
He had all the attributes of a leader.
He has a capacity for leadership.
He rose to speak in answer to his name.
He calculated the expenses.
He said that he must see the manager.
He hated to play ball with his manager, so he quit his job.
He started at the bank in the post of manager.
He signaled them to stop.
He is on the point of death.
He was nearing his end.
He has one foot in the grave.
Will he die?
He is afraid that he will die.
He is afraid of death.
He kept his sense of humor until the day he died.
He was in prison for life.
He remained single till the end of his day.
On his deathbed he asked me to continue writing to you.
He amassed a large fortune before he died.
He was at the gate of death.
He didn't fear death.
He is said to be dead.
He is as good as dead.
He was given up for dead.
The old couple gave him up for lost.
He cherished the memory of his dead wife.
He avenged his dead father.
They fear that he may be dead.
I could not but think that he had died.
He committed suicide to atone for his sin.
He advocated abolishing death penalty distinctions.
He was condemned to death.
He has a car which I gave to him.
He made me out to be a liar.
He could not find what I had hidden.
He thanked me for coming.
He was not conscious of my presence here.
The last time when I saw him, he was quite well.
He is the very man that I'm looking for.
He said that I must go there.
He could not approve of my going there.
He helped me to get over the difficulties.
He kept playing the same record over and over until I had to leave the room.
He asked me if I had found it.
He came just as I was leaving.
It was I who met him.
He thought me very tired.
He thinks it impossible for me to climb the mountain alone.
He censured me for what I had done.
He robbed me of every cent I had.
He stole my watch.
He was given a book by me.
He helped me carry the chair.
He lost a watch which I had bought him a week before.
He is the last man I want to see.
He suspects me of telling a lie.
He as good as called me a liar.
He objected to my smoking.
He taxed me with neglect of duty.
He was aware of my presence but he did not greet me.
He believes whatever I say.
He did it the way I told him to.
He repeated in public what I had said.
He credits me with doing things I never thought of.
He said that I must go.
He doesn't want me to go, but I mean to.
He mentioned a book the title of which I can't remember now.
He is the tallest man that I have ever seen.
He is the most obstinate child I have ever seen.
He is the least capable man I have ever employed.
I wonder if he will stand by me when I am in trouble.
He ignores my problems.
He stood by me whenever I was in trouble.
He's the last man that I want to see.
He is the novelist whom I admire most.
He is the last man that I want to talk with.
He is not the man that he was when I first knew him.
He was otherwise than I thought.
He isn't any older than I thought.
He was as good a man as I had thought.
He was delighted to know I had passed the exam.
He thought it foolish of me to go there by bike.
He thought it foolish of me to go to Kyushu by bike.
He helped me carry the baggage.
He is one of the rottenest fellows that have ever crossed my path.
He was the first actor I had met in my life.
He wouldn't permit me to swim in the river.
He responded to the signal I gave.
He was at the point of death when I arrived.
Despite my warnings, he works no harder.
He attends the same school that I do.
He took it for granted that I knew the answer.
He died previous to my arrival.
He wouldn't allow me to drive his car.
He works harder than I did at his age.
He suggested that I write to her at once.
He had done his homework when I called on him.
He is the only friend I can really trust.
He interpreted my silence as consent.
He doubts if I will keep my promise.
He forgave me breaking my promise.
He blamed me, saying I'd broken the promise.
He put me in touch with the kidnappers.
He was displeased with my coming.
He blamed me for not coming.
He did the reverse of what I asked.
He is about my size.
He proposed that we should start at once.
He will remember us saying so.
He will assist us in changing the tire.
He said it didn't matter whether we stayed or left.
He isn't the kind of person who we want to work with.
He is pleased when we are bewildered.
He accused us of wronging him.
He has the least money of us all.
He went in the opposite direction from us.
I insist that he should go with us.
He was to have dined with us, but he became seriously sick all of a sudden.
He was to dine with us.
He lives across the street from us.
He has given us useful knowledge.
He told us, "Set off at once."
He suggested to us that we should go.
He gave us a false story.
He told us an interesting story.
My mother told us an interesting story.
He often tells us we must help one another.
He gave us quite a lot of trouble.
He demanded that we leave at once.
He ordered us steaks.
He made us do the work.
He is precious to us.
He suggested to us that we should stay.
He asked us what we wanted.
He was an entire stranger to us.
He tried to speak French to us.
He wants to see us again.
He got us nice seats.
He did not say a word to us.
He commanded us to work hard.
He teaches us English.
He is a British teacher who teaches us English.
He appealed to us for help.
He dropped in to see us.
He made a desk and two benches for us.
He gave us the signal to begin.
He tried speaking French to us.
He smiled at us and got on the train.
He dashed us with water.
He told us many lessons.
He demanded that we should pay him.
He gave us not only clothes but some money.
He solicited our votes.
He showed us how to ride a horse.
He showed us his mother's picture.
He brought us sad news.
He got angry with us.
He bade us farewell, and went away.
He shouted to us to come.
He bought us nice books.
He is one of our most experienced chairmen.
He is the fastest runner in our class.
He lectured our class on literature.
He's going to join our club.
He lives immediately next to us.
He knows neither of us.
It is possible that he will come to our party.
I think he will come to our party.
He interfered in our private concerns.
He is in charge of making arrangements for our trip to Europe.
He is our teacher of English.
He has no right to interfere in our family affairs.
He broke in on our conversation.
He is a teacher at our school.
He raised our expectations only to disappoint us.
I think he will object to our plan.
He wouldn't believe us.
He offered ten dollars for our old radio.
He is anxious for our happiness.
He passes for a learned man in our community.
He passed for a learned man in our community.
He failed to apologize for betraying our trust.
He rejected our offer.
He is our teacher and a person we should respect.
He is less strict than our teacher.
He makes it a point to remember each one of our birthdays.
He plays basketball best of us all.
He turned down our proposal.
He left soon after our arrival.
He failed to get elected contrary to our expectation.
He rejected our demand flatly.
He is such a teacher as we all admire.
He kept us waiting for more than an hour.
He knows us very well.
He led us to the station.
He took us back in his car.
He brought us a small gift each time he called on us.
He seems to know us.
He set us by the ears.
He took us to the zoo.
He doesn't know both of us.
He has coached us for half a year.
He lost his temper with me.
He shared in my happiness.
He shook hands with me.
He was my business associate.
He gave me a firm hand grasp.
It seems that he took me for my sister.
He mistook me for my younger brother.
He's a contemporary of mine.
He has the same camera as I have.
He is as tall as I.
He is as old as I.
He uses the same dictionary as I do.
He is no more a singer than I am.
He is not rich any more than I am.
He is not young any more than I am.
He told me that he would leave before long.
He told me that you were right.
He explained to me that he had no money.
He said that he had seen the picture before.
He explained to me how to use the machine.
He asked me who that man was.
He asked me what I had bought.
He telephoned me again and again.
He asked me what I needed.
He asked me what I expected.
He told me that he would wait till I returned.
He made a sign to me to keep off the grass.
He asked me who had painted the picture.
He asked me if I knew his father.
He asked me where she lived.
He said to me, "You look sad. What is the matter with you?"
He told me to run faster, and asked me if I was tired.
He told me that I looked pale and asked me what the matter was.
He prayed that God would bless me.
He gave me no less than ten dollars.
He told me a lot about Kyoto as he knew it ten years ago.
He advanced me a week's wages.
He gave me 10,000 yen.
He asked a few questions of me.
He gave me no less than five thousand yen.
He told me that he would go to France in June.
He asked me to wake him at six.
He gave me a vague answer.
He never sees me without complaining about his wife.
He mentioned your name to me.
He told me not to drive too fast.
He didn't give me much advice.
He sent me some American magazines.
He showed me his album.
He showed me his photograph album.
He found me a good seat.
He gave me some money.
He has done me many kindnesses.
He nodded to me.
He told me an interesting story.
He demanded that I should pay the money back at once.
He paid me a compliment.
He explained how to play the guitar to me.
He showed me how to make a cake.
He gave me this book.
He went out without saying goodbye to me.
He left without so much as saying good-by to me.
He did not so much as say good-by to me.
He made me a new suit.
He demanded that I should pay the money at once.
He commanded me to leave the room immediately.
He bought me a nice camera.
He gave me a nice Christmas present.
He found me a nice tie.
He struck at me with a stick.
He did what he promised to do for me.
He commanded me to do it.
He bade me go there.
He promised me to pay back the money.
He gave me an account of the machine.
He expected great success in the project from me.
He gave me precise instructions to do the job.
He said to me, 'I read this book yesterday'.
He taught me how to spell the word.
He acquainted me with the news.
He showed me the way to the store.
He advised me that I keep the secret.
He told me that the book was interesting.
He sold me the book for one thousand yen.
He enlightened me on how I should attack the subject.
He gave it to me.
He told me to do it.
He requested me to keep it secret.
He was most kind to me.
He found me a taxi.
He called me a cab.
He motioned me to stand up.
He told me how to play chess.
He beckoned me to follow him.
He took back what he had said about me.
He asked me to open the door.
He asked me which way to go.
He has been like a father to me.
He is an ideal husband for me.
He is a good husband to me.
He is very kind to me.
He sewed a dress for me.
He suggested that I accompany him to the party.
He reminded me not to forget my passport.
He gave me some bread, also some milk.
He answered not a word to me.
He was too clever for me and I was done brown.
He did me a great wrong.
He was rather shorter with me.
He gave me a hint.
He gave me a present.
He sent me a present.
He made me write the letter with a pen.
He told me that Poe's novels were interesting.
He told me that would come again.
He slipped me a note.
He encouraged me to try again.
He told me to speak more slowly.
He told me that I should be more careful.
He beckoned me nearer.
He found me a good job.
He gave me a good piece of advice.
He used to tell me stories about India.
He did well by me.
He wrote me a love letter.
He explained the rule to me.
He gave me a record.
He let me use his typewriter.
He told me a sad story.
He sent me an affectionate letter.
He rose to his feet to greet me.
He bears ill will against me.
He flung a stream of abuse at me.
He twisted my arm.
He lied to me.
He lied to me. That is why I am angry with him.
He told me not to tell lies.
He showed me the way to the station.
He assured me of his help.
He advised me not to smoke.
He gave me the salt.
He spared me some salt.
He whispered something to me.
He asked me what my name was.
It's not his place to tell me what to do.
He presented me with a bouquet of flowers.
He made me carry his baggage.
He came to see me.
He came to see me all the way from his hometown.
He came to my house on the pretext of seeing me.
He sent me a letter saying that he could not see me.
He told me that he wanted to leave the company.
He defied me to dive off the cliff.
He gave me a select brand of canned goods.
He gave me an explanation for his mistake.
He asked me if I could do him a favor.
He warned me of the danger.
He told me to go home and I obeyed him.
He acknowledged me by lifting his hat.
He went by me without noticing me.
He ordered me to stand up.
He showed me the way to the ballpark.
He asked for my pardon.
He told me not to smoke.
He asked me for some money.
He bothered me for money.
He said that money was lent to me.
He is always bothering me to lend him money.
He acquainted me with the change of the plan.
He scrunched down in his seat so that I wouldn't see him.
He did as I told him.
He bade me stay behind.
He told me not to look behind.
He showed me round the park.
He gave me back talk.
He assumed an aggressive attitude toward me.
He didn't give me time to think.
He promised to pay us high wages.
He promised me that he would be more careful in the future.
He told me that he was very tired then.
He bore a grudge against me.
He nodded to show that he agreed with me.
He convinced me that I was in the wrong.
He brought me the news that our team had won.
He taught me how to write a poem.
He gave me an outline of the affair.
He blamed the accident on me.
He gave me a watch.
He got me a watch.
He promised that he would write to me once in a while.
He begged me not to object to his plan.
He warned me that I would fail.
He asked me a question.
He gave me an example.
He promised me the position of company president.
He did not so much as apologize to me.
He made motions at me with his hand.
He held out his hand to me.
He prostrated himself and begged my pardon.
He took me by the hand.
He denied having written to me.
He offered to help me.
He asked me to keep him company on the weekends.
He telegraphed me his congratulations.
He sent me his congratulations by wire.
He made a sign to me to go out.
He handed a note to me.
He taught me how to write.
He asked me to help him.
He asked me for help.
He gave me not just advice, but money as well.
He gave me not less than five thousand yen.
He asked me to renew the bond.
He told me all the details.
He didn't give me anything to eat.
He didn't allow me to pay the bill for the dinner.
He received me cordially.
He assigned me a new job.
He rang me up at midnight.
He is kind to her.
He gave me a piece of friendly advice.
He did me a good turn.
He showed kindness by giving me a piece of advice.
He asked me if I liked mathematics.
He told me to be here at noon.
He told me to cut down the cost of its production.
He kept a seat for me.
He showed me his stamp collection.
He gave me some stamps.
He told me where to buy origami.
He told me that he had seen her there the day before.
He gave a nice present to me.
He instructed me to go to bed early.
He told me to leave the window open.
He demanded a large sum of money from me.
He acted fairly toward me.
He is very friendly toward me.
He told me not to wait for him.
He asked me whether he should go on to university.
He sent me a brief note.
He asked if I liked Chinese food.
He gave me a piece of advice.
He wrote me a long letter.
He told me a long story.
He came up with me.
He took an unfriendly attitude toward me.
He keeps on phoning me, and I really don't want to talk to him.
He advised me that he had arrived.
He made a gesture to me to run away.
He showered abuse on me.
He assigned me three books to read.
He told me that he had no time to read books.
He asked me two questions.
He told me to make sure of the date.
He asked me my age, my name, my address, and so forth.
He told me how to get to the museum.
He begged me to stay.
He gave me what money he had.
He showed me his picture.
He told me his age, his birthplace, his family, and so on.
He told me that she was sick.
He advised me not to believe what she says.
He asked me if I knew her telephone number.
He suggested to me that I should take her there.
He smiled at me and got on the train.
He raised a weapon against me.
He let me leave the room.
He ordered me to sweep the room.
He is angry with me.
He left without saying good-bye to me.
He said he would write to me, but he hasn't.
He advised me to see a lawyer. This I did at once.
He asked me if I was busy.
He lent me two books.
He lent me two books, neither of which I have read as yet.
He lent me a book, which was too difficult for me.
He made me sing.
He apologized to me for his rudeness.
He made himself known to me.
He is really putting the squeeze on me.
He carved me a wooden doll.
She motioned me to hold my tongue.
He gave me a wink.
He commanded me to shut the gate.
He got me some vegetables.
He told me that he would visit Nara next month.
He asked a favor of me.
He hurried past me without stopping to speak.
He made as if to speak to me but said nothing.
He laughed off my idea.
He isn't my cousin.
He married my cousin.
He got engaged to my cousin.
He acknowledged my presence with a nod.
He took me by the collar.
He is in my favor.
He will not steal my money; I have faith in him.
He helped me to carry the bag.
He gave me a smile of recognition.
He scarcely seems to care for me, does he?
He recommended this dictionary to me.
He pulled my shirt.
He followed hard after me.
He made me sing on the stage.
He is a complete stranger to me.
He tried to put the blame on me.
I wonder if he can reserve the flight for me.
He put himself to much trouble on my behalf.
He put in a good word for me.
He has done his utmost for me.
He isn't appreciative of my little jokes.
He often dropped in on me.
He came to me hat in hand and asked for a loan.
He suggested a plan similar to mine.
He found my bike.
He accepted my present.
He touched me on the cheek.
He is an old friend of mine.
He is my good partner.
He looked over my report.
He can't endure my selfishness any more.
He acted as my guide.
He gave in to my views.
He is in sympathy with my opinion.
He listened to my opinion.
He has agreed with me.
He persists in his opinion.
He accepted my idea.
He has half as many books as I.
He is my best friend.
He helped me to move.
He is my distant relation.
He kicked me in the side.
He sprawled out on the sofa next to me.
He lives far away from my house.
He called at my house.
He lives six houses beyond my house.
He looked at all the beautiful things in my house.
He passed by my house but didn't drop in.
He dropped in at my house.
He made a hit with my family.
He sang the way I did.
He accused me of my mistake.
He promised to see about my broken watch.
He kissed me on the forehead.
He cannot see the matter from my point of view.
He looked me in the face.
He gave me a blank stare.
He stared me straight in the face.
He struck me a blow on the face.
He refused to notice me.
He looked at me for an explanation.
He flicked me in the face.
He seems to be aware of my feelings.
He is my classmate.
He earns three times as much as me.
He would not raise my salary.
He asked my pardon.
He grabbed me by the collar.
He saw the surprise on my face.
He dragged at my collar.
He doesn't live in my neighborhood.
He stole the money from my safe.
He gave a good shine to my shoes.
He is my brother, not father.
He isn't my brother. He's my cousin.
He is as tall as my brother.
He's like a brother to me.
He's a friend of my brother's.
He is not so old as my brother.
He is junior to my brother by three years.
He nodded to show that he approved of my plan.
He paid no attention to my warning.
He paid attention to my warning.
He is bone of my bone, flesh of my flesh.
He advised me on my study.
He dealt me a blow on the shoulder.
He tapped me on the shoulder.
He made a speech in support of my view.
He ran through my manuscript.
He made believe not to hear me.
He turns a deaf ear to me.
He turned a deaf ear to me.
He made believe that he did not hear me.
He took offense at what I said and turned on his heels.
He turned a deaf ear to my words.
He doesn't speak our language.
He is my old friend.
He stood behind me.
He overlooked my mistake.
He is envious of my good fortune.
He blocked my way.
He is my closest friend; we are like brothers.
He is getting far too familiar with my wife.
He is acquainted with my wife.
He robbed me of my purse.
He earns three times as much as I.
He has three times as many books as I have.
He mended my umbrella.
He often stands in the way of my work.
He hindered me in my work.
He assisted me with my business.
He is my working mate.
He married my sister.
He has really made a hole in my finances.
He took me for my twin brother.
He came to my office yesterday.
He simply shrugged off my suggestion.
He whispered the answer in my ear.
He forgot to give back my dictionary.
He was sitting there, delighted with my failure.
He answered my question in the negative.
He answered my question easily.
He gave a positive answer to my question.
He nodded in response to my question.
He didn't answer my question.
He didn't respond to my question.
He will never forgive my debt.
He is my boss's friend and confidant.
He held out his hand and I took it.
He gave my hand a firm clasp.
He caught hold of my hand.
He caught my hand and pulled me to the second floor.
He caught me by the hand.
He wrote a prompt answer to my letter.
He responded very quickly to my letter.
He didn't reply to my letter.
He seized me by the wrist.
He showed a great reluctance to help me.
He seized me by the neck.
He caught me by the neck.
He is my uncle.
He gave witness to the truth of my statement.
He acted on my advice.
He asked for my advice.
He was made my servant.
He is my rival in business.
He is my boss.
He was amused at my joke.
He abused my confidence.
He betrayed my confidence in him.
He asked me about my new job.
He robbed me of my new watch.
He admired my new car.
He rejected my offer flatly.
He turned down my offer.
He as good as accepted my offer.
He sat right in front of me.
He was just behind me.
He was my dear friend.
He is no relation to me.
He is one of my best friends.
He has changed my life.
He envied my success.
He was jealous of my success.
He congratulated me on my success.
He is my only living relative.
He made believe that he had not heard me.
He seems satisfied with my explanation.
He looked satisfied with my explanation.
He is my teacher.
He sat in front of me.
He is running ahead of me.
He walked ahead of me.
He sat down by my side.
He is not my son, but my nephew.
He explained to my son why it rains.
He bears a strong likeness to my son.
He ran a serious risk on my behalf.
He went there instead of me.
He is the only person that I known who is equal to the task.
He shut his ears to my advice.
He wouldn't listen to my advice.
He would not follow my advice.
He yielded to my advice.
He paid no attention to my advice.
He took no notice of my advice.
He would not listen to my advice.
He won't look at my advice.
He regretted not having taken my advice.
He made reference to my book.
He stood godfather to my first son.
He disputed my statement.
He interpreted for me.
He is a close friend of my brother.
He brought forward a strong objection to my proposal.
He didn't agree to my proposal.
He acceded to my proposal.
He wouldn't look at my proposal.
He turned up his nose at my suggestion.
He sent an immediate reply to my telegram.
He mocked my efforts.
He took me up on my remarks about equal rights.
I thought he was my special friend.
He is earning twice my salary.
He took advantage of my youth.
He earns double my salary.
He had twice as much money as I.
He ate twice as much as I did.
He brushed off my objections.
He disclosed my secret.
He slammed the door right in my face.
He cured my illness.
He is my father.
He is not my father but my uncle.
He is as old as my father.
He is as tall as my father.
He made a pretense of knowing my father.
He entered my room.
He came into my room.
He came up to my room.
He works under me.
He did not accept my apologies.
He asked after my mother.
He squashed my hat flat.
He is a man after my own heart.
He searched my face for my real intentions.
He is engaged to my younger sister.
He deprived my little sister of all her toys.
He is no friend of mine.
He seemed surprised by my ignorance.
He was making sheep's eyes at my daughter.
He called my name.
I owe him my life.
I owe him a great deal because he saved my life.
He hit me in the eye.
He tried in vain to pull the wool over my eyes.
He looked me in the eye.
He looked me straight in the eyes.
He is included among my friends.
He is my friend.
He robbed me of every penny I had.
He turned a deaf ear to my request.
He said nothing as to my request.
He is my Mr Right.
He came to see me during my absence.
He gave a good impression to my parents.
He lives next to me.
He seated himself next to me.
He is my next-door neighbor.
He is one of my neighbours.
He was floored by my argument.
He has distorted my speech.
He took hold of my arm and never let me loose.
He took me by the arm and looked me in the eye.
He took me by the arm.
He called out not only to me but also to my dog.
He said, "I want to be a scientist."
He does not run as fast as I.
He is less intelligent than me.
He outweighs me by 10 kg.
He is two years my junior.
He is senior to me by two years.
He is older than I by two years.
He is junior to me by two years.
He is three years younger than Father.
He is three years senior to me.
He is my junior by three years.
He is six years older than I.
He is two inches taller than I am.
He has more books than I do.
He speaks English better than I do.
He is a better speaker of English than I.
He is taller than me by a head.
He put the shot farther than I did.
He can speak English much more fluently than I can.
He is immediately above me in rank.
He is a better swimmer than I.
He is superior in learning to me.
He is inferior to me in learning.
He is better able to teach than I am.
He is younger than me by three years.
He is senior to me by three years.
He is a little bit more careful than I.
He walked before me.
He is able to run faster than I.
He can run faster than I.
He is taller than I.
He is a head taller than me.
He is cleverer than I.
He is stronger than I am.
He took me for my mother.
He scolded me for being lazy.
He kept me waiting for more than an hour.
He took me for an Englishman.
He went so far as to call me a liar.
He accused me of being a liar.
He fixed his eyes on me.
He fastened his eyes on me.
He stared at me and said nothing.
He looked me over from head to foot.
He introduced me to Sue.
He made me go there.
He beguiled me into accepting it.
He just glanced at me.
He relaxed his hold on me.
He nudged me to go ahead.
He stared at me.
He calls me Pete.
He dropped in on me.
He praised me to the skies.
He treats me as if I am a stranger.
He often takes me for a drive.
He insulted me by calling me a donkey.
He thrust me aside.
It is likely that he kept me waiting on purpose.
I wonder if he loves me.
He came to see me in a different light.
He accommodated me with a night's lodging.
He made a promise to take me to the movies.
He pushed past me.
He hit me back.
He went so far as to say that I was coward.
He called me a coward.
He invited me to his house.
He took no notice of me.
He will excuse me.
He changed his countenance when he saw me.
Hardly had he seen me when he ran away.
The moment he caught sight of me, he ran away.
He looked at me and said, "Watch out."
He smiled a cynical smile at me.
He passed by without looking at me.
He grunted his agreement without looking at me.
The moment he saw me, he waved to me.
The moment he saw me, he grew pale and ran away.
As soon as he saw me, he ran away.
He ran away as soon as he saw me.
He left the room the moment he saw me.
He ran away at the sight of me.
He raised his hat when he saw me.
Directly he saw me, he ran away.
The moment he saw me he ran away.
He sold me down the river.
He took the trouble to see me off at the station.
He has made me what I am today.
He called me out.
He got me wrong.
He confessed that he had fallen in love with me.
He made me go.
He broke the vase on purpose to bother me.
He made mistakes on purpose to annoy me.
He made me wait for about half an hour.
I'm sure he mistook me for my sister.
He treats me as a child.
He used me as a guinea pig.
He brought me back in his car.
He came here to help me.
I hope that he will help me.
He has engaged himself to help me.
He promised to help me, but at the last minute he let me down.
Not only did he refuse to help me, but also he scolded me.
He made me his assistant.
He kept on laughing at me.
He invited me to dinner.
He argued me into going.
He kept me waiting.
He treats me as an adult.
Does he know me?
He made believe not to know me.
He doesn't know me.
He flatly refused to let me in.
He went so far as to call me a fool.
As he played a dirty trick on me, I'll get even with him.
He gave me a lift in his cart.
He let me work in this office.
He made me attend the party in his place.
He treats me like his slave.
He introduced me to his parents.
He charged me with dishonesty.
He hustled me into the house.
He wrote to me to the effect that he would visit me.
He forced me to go.
He called me by name.
In addition to hiring me, he gave me a piece of advice.
He is doing it with my help.
He crossed me up.
He sat at a distance from me.
He turned down my application.
He is a different person from the one we are looking for.
He suggested we should start at once.
He came across to us as being honest.
I thought he held something back from us.
He gave us an essay to write during the vacation.
He preached to us about the importance of good health.
He showed us some pictures.
He asked us not to make any noise.
He is very formal with us.
He gave us clothes, and money as well.
He is very friendly to us.
He teaches us history.
He belongs to our tennis team.
He is popular among us.
He failed to come up to our expectations.
He came up with an answer to our problem.
He flatly turned down our request.
He is our next door neighbor.
He is the man for whom we all have respect.
He works us too hard.
Is he going to help us?
He kept us waiting for a long time.
He is no more able to read Chinese than I am.
He is always busy feathering his own nest.
He wrote a sentence on the paper, but I didn't understand the sentence.
He drew some vertical lines on the paper.
He was welcomed everywhere.
He kept quite calm.
He has good eyesight.
He has poor eyesight.
His eyes failed him.
He was learning a poem.
He is a poet.
He is a poet and novelist.
In addition to being a poet, he is a scholar.
He isn't a poet; he's a prose writer.
He is a poet and statesman.
He is not so much a poet as a novelist.
He is not so much a poet as a writer.
He hoped to find fame as a poet.
He decided to give it a try.
He took the car on trial.
He tried solving the problem.
He tried opening the door.
He tried climbing the distant mountain.
He tried writing a short story.
He did well in the examination.
He cheated on the test by copying from the girl in front.
He scored 85 on the exam.
He was caught cheating in the exam.
He failed in the examination.
He got the highest grade on the exam.
He contrived to cheat in the examination.
Do you think that he will pass the examination?
He works hard that he may pass the examination.
He passed the examination with the highest score.
He successfully passed the exam.
He is likely to pass the examination.
He succeeded in the examination.
It is said that he has passed the examination.
He is believed to have passed the examination.
He can not have passed the exam.
Did he succeed in passing the examination?
He made every effort to pass the exam.
He is working hard so that he may pass the examination.
He is confident that he will pass the examination.
He is making every possible effort to pass the examination.
He studied hard in order to pass the test.
He did serious effort, in order to pass an examination.
He studied hard in order to pass the examination.
It is expected that he will succeed in the examination.
We expect that he will pass the examination.
He is sure of passing the examination.
I expect him to pass the examination.
He was able to pass the exam.
He couldn't pass the examination.
He could pass the examination, could not he?
He is studying hard so that he can pass the examinations.
He is discouraged by his failure in the examination.
He will not fail in the examination.
He is working hard to pass the examination.
He worked hard in order to pass the examination.
He made an effort to pass the examination.
He was fortunate to pass the exam.
He studied hard so as to pass the examination.
He failed the exam, but he doesn't care too much.
Will he fail the examination?
I expected him to fail the exam.
He did not repent of his idleness till he failed in the examination.
He did not prepare for his examination.
He is concerned about the result of the exam.
His failure in the examination drove him to despair.
He is busy preparing for an examination.
He should have taken the examination.
He was admitted to the school without sitting for an examination.
He was admitted without sitting for an examination.
He is busy correcting test papers.
He put a lot of time and effort into preparing for the exam.
He is likely to win the game.
He don't manifest much desire to win the game.
He is sure of winning the game.
He is now glad, now sad at the progress of the game.
He had his arm broken during the game.
He is running short of funds.
He was dependent on contribution for a part of capital.
He's good at fund raising.
His wealth got him into the club.
He is a man of wealth.
I was stabbed in the back by my subordinate.
He cut the rope with his teeth.
He had his tooth pulled.
He went to the dentist.
He squeezed the toothpaste out of a tube.
He failed in business, and to make matters worse, his wife fell ill.
His failure in business left him penniless.
He failed in his business and now is a total wreck.
He was broken by the failure of his business.
He went far in business.
He is sure of succeeding in his undertaking.
He was mortified at his failure in business.
Enough money was available for him to begin his business.
He is doing business on a large scale.
He has something to do with the case.
He had to inquire into the record of the event.
He intended to reexamine the case from the beginning.
Since he was injured in an accident, he could no longer walk.
An accident prohibited his attending the ceremony.
He survived the accident.
He was hurt in the accident.
Being injured in an accident, he could not walk.
An accident deprived him of sight.
He went deaf as a result of an accident.
He lost his life in an accident.
He ran the risk of having an accident.
He met with an accident.
He came through the accident without harm.
It is possible that he has had an accident.
He had an accident and broke his leg.
He gave us a detailed account of the accident.
He explained about the accident.
He met with an accident and broke some bones.
His accident incapacitated him for work.
He fully realizes that he was the cause of the accident.
He never speaks of the accident.
He gave a short account of the accident.
He attributed the accident to the bad weather.
He charged the accident to my carelessness.
He gave a bald statement of the facts.
He seemed to conceal the fact.
He explained the facts at length.
Though he knew the truth, he told us nothing.
He got angry to know the fact.
He is the president of the company in fact, if not in name.
He tried to certify the matter as correct.
He added insult to injury.
He made an endeavor to improve the situation.
He was unaware of the situation.
He opposes me at every turn.
He got a position as a clerk.
He put forward a plan for improving office efficiency.
He has come back from the office.
He rushed out of the office.
He is out of the office.
He sent in his application to the office.
He hadn't been in the office five minutes before he told us what to do.
His handwriting is poor.
He would not give away his money for charity's sake.
He does much to help others.
He gave me what money he had with him.
He couldn't lift.
He gave away all his money to charity.
He wondered what to do about the wallet he was holding.
He gave me what little money he had.
He writes a letter once in a while but not so often.
He has appeared as the man of the day in today's paper.
He intended to enter the political world at a favorable opportunity.
He said nothing as to the time.
He knows how to make good use of his time.
He takes pride in being punctual.
He apologized to them for taking up their time.
He is punctual.
He regrets having wasted his time.
He didn't approve of wasting time.
He is just killing time.
He laid stress on the importance of being punctual.
He is proud of his punctuality.
He prided himself on his punctuality.
He arrived in time.
He made the excuse that his watch was wrong.
He is as punctual as a clock.
He does not go without repairing the clock.
He shook it and looked again.
He fixed the watch for me.
He got his watch fixed.
He accused me of having stolen his watch.
He took apart a watch.
It is likely that he will pass the examination.
He sometimes watches TV.
He occasionally visited me.
He goes there now and again.
He sometimes indulges himself in idle speculation.
He enjoys wine sometimes, but mostly he drinks whisky.
He writes to me once in a while.
He sometimes ate out with his family.
He comes to see me once in a while.
He is sometimes absent from school.
He sometimes loses hope.
Once in a while, he leaves his umbrella on the train.
He sometimes goes to Tokyo on business.
He sometimes makes dinner for us.
He comes to visit us every now and then.
He comes to meet me sometimes.
He comes and sees me once in a while.
He comes to see my son now and then.
He wrote to me from time to time.
He doesn't travel much apart from occasional business trips.
He sometimes is absent from work without good cause.
He sometimes comes home late.
He gives me a phone call every now and then.
He writes to his mother every now and then.
All he can do is support himself.
He reads the newspaper in order to keep up with the times.
He glanced at his wristwatch now and then.
He drove the car at eighty kilometers an hour.
He was in advance of his time.
He is trying to keep up with the current of the times.
He is very good at riding the wind.
He was at a loss what to do next.
He got off at the next bus stop.
They got off at the next bus stop.
He answered as follows.
He argued as follows.
He got off at the next station.
He announced the next singer.
He is sure to make it in the next exam.
He conserved his energy for the next game.
He is the person to lead the next generation.
He said that he would be eighteen on his next birthday.
He may be on the next train.
The people in the village fell ill one after another.
He worked his way up.
He is gradually coming to the front.
He was refused medical treatment.
He has sharp hearing.
He is quick to learn.
He stuck his pencil behind his ear.
He listened, but heard nothing.
He took me aside in order to whisper in my ear.
He went there in person.
He let his greed get the better of him.
He intends to devote his life to curing the sick in India.
He fell a victim to his own ambition.
He called himself an Edison of Japan.
He addressed himself to the reporters.
He fell victim to his own ambition.
He drives his own car.
All he can do is to support himself.
All that he can do is to support himself.
He remains loyal to his principles.
He knows how to assert himself.
He is intent on advertising himself.
He is selfish and greedy.
He has a great influence on his country.
He thinks in terms of his own country.
He tried to kill himself.
He tried to kill himself but it ended in failure.
He thought he would kill himself.
He put on a suicide act.
He committed suicide.
He confined himself to his room.
He flew in the face of Jishuku.
He looked confident but his inner feelings were quite different.
He revised his opinion.
He expressed his feelings for nature in a poem.
He wanted to study further how everything in nature works.
He is too proud to ask others any question.
He tried to get it at the expense of self-respect.
He is not too poor to buy a bicycle.
He went by bicycle.
He goes to school by bicycle.
He is riding a bicycle.
He mounted his bicycle and rode away.
Can't he ride a bicycle?
He turned the dial on the bicycle lock.
He was anxious for a bicycle.
He rode his bicycle at a uniform speed.
He proposed that bicycles be taken away.
He propped his bike against the wall.
He attached the trailer to his car.
He searched his bag for his car key.
He has quite a lot of experience in driving.
He is washing his car.
He is unable to buy a car.
It is difficult for him to buy a car.
He saves the greater part of his salary with a view to buying a car.
He cannot afford to buy a car.
He cannot afford to buy a car, much less a house.
He works in the automobile industry.
He had his only son killed in an automobile accident.
He was hurt in a car accident.
He was killed in a car accident.
He was seriously injured in the car accident.
He claimed on the insurance after his car accident.
He made a spontaneous offer of help.
He surrendered of his own accord.
He contributed much money of his own accord.
He volunteered to help her.
He was sure that he would make a new discovery some day.
He behaves as if he were somebody.
He thinks he is something of a painter.
He smiled to think what a fool he had been.
He thinks he is somebody, but actually he is nobody.
He thought himself to be somebody.
He played up his achievements.
He was happy being a Jew.
He wouldn't lower himself to apologize.
He'll never admit to being in the wrong.
He acknowledged his faults.
He will never give in even when he is wrong.
He thinks himself a great poet.
He doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
He sometimes forgets what he was talking about.
He admitted that he was wrong.
He saw himself as the savior of the world.
He disclosed to me that he had been in prison.
He maintained that he was innocent.
He convinced me of his innocence.
He explained in detail what he had seen.
He is getting along well with his employees.
He confessed that he was guilty.
He is sure of winning.
He told me he was incredibly rich and owned a Ferrari, but I saw through him at once.
He's a quite humble man in spite of all he's achieved.
He was encouraged by his success.
He attributed his success to hard work.
He ascribed his success to his diligence.
He is sure that he will succeed.
He felt that the reason he was able to succeed was because of his friends' help.
He claims that he is honest.
He had the illusion that he was a genius.
He thought that he was a genius.
He is sure of passing the exam.
He is certain of winning the game.
He fancies himself ill.
He has yet to learn that he has become a father.
He told me that he was busy.
He saw there what he had dreamed about.
He asserted that he was innocent.
He affirmed himself to be innocent.
He avowed himself an atheist.
He flattered himself that he was the best actor.
He believes himself to be courageous.
He admitted that he was guilty.
He felt himself growing old.
He can't attend the meeting in person, so I'm going for him.
He did it himself.
He himself tried it.
He thinks he is somebody, but really he is nobody.
Although he thought he was helping us, he was only in the way.
He claims to be a friend, but it not such.
He had to take care of his dog himself.
He had to think for himself.
Instead of going himself, he sent his brother in his place.
He repaired his watch by himself.
He showed me a picture of his own painting.
He is engaged in an occupation of his own choice.
He prepared supper by himself.
He needn't have come himself.
He developed his own theory.
He has been telling lies about himself.
He kicked the dog which ran at him.
He's looking for a suitable job.
He's looking for someone to serve him.
Little did he know what was going on behind his back.
He tried unsuccessfully to domineer over his office workers.
He left me with his favorite book and moved to Osaka.
He is very mean with his money.
He never gives away any of his money.
He put all his money in the box.
He took pictures of me with his camera.
He put new film into his camera.
Because he was too proud of himself, he couldn't do it.
He cannot take care of himself.
He describes himself as a great statesman.
He is regretting his action.
He felt sure that market is not necessarily free and open.
He worked in his favorite maxim.
He wanted to be left alone to go about his business.
He knows what he is about.
He's working on his own behalf.
He built a new house for himself.
He was in such a good mood when his team won the championship.
He regrets his stupid acts.
He tried to rationalize his foolish actions.
He couldn't account for his foolish mistake.
He pushed his plan strongly.
He explained his plans in detail.
He tried to adapt his conduct to his new environment.
He took me over to the island in his boat.
He persisted in accomplishing his original plan.
He found all his efforts of no avail.
He brooded over the mistake he made.
He got his meaning across to me.
He criticized his rival severely.
He laughed off his own bad reputation.
He stubbornly persisted in his opinion.
He strongly persisted in arguing his opinion.
He is not ashamed of his misconduct.
He died content with his life.
He is even afraid of his own shadow.
He was reconciled to his fate.
He would not submit to his fate.
He could not help being satisfied with his lot.
He was ready to face his fate.
He made use of the opportunity to improve his English.
He ruled his kingdom fairly.
He lost his reason when he saw his house burn down.
He is thinking of disposing of his house.
He set fire to his own house.
He set his house on fire.
He has a house of his own.
He decided to part with his house.
He is talking of disposing his house.
He worked day and night so that his family could live in comfort.
He can't run his own family, let alone a nation!
He is proud of his family.
He worked hard in order to support his family.
He is unable to provide for his family.
He is very secretive in regard to his family life.
He reflected on his errors.
He was very close about his past.
He meditates on his past life.
He owned up to his fault.
He persists in his confidence.
He hid his emotions and pretended to be enthusiastic.
He could show his feeling with music instead of words.
He was conscious of his mistake.
He was not conscious of his own mistake.
He accounted for his strange acts.
What did he tell you about his hope?
He made the most of his opportunities.
He expressed his feelings in the form of a painting.
His memory had betrayed him.
He performed high duty.
I think it necessary that you should do your duty.
He may well complain about his salary.
He does not seem pleased with his condition.
He put his money in the box.
He regrets his having wasted his money.
He blushed at his folly.
He blushed at his foolish mistake.
He was ashamed of troubling you.
He turned his experience to good account.
He exaggerated his experience.
He carried out his plan.
He could not carry out his plan.
He adapted his plan to the new situation.
He is blind to his own defects.
He is aware of his own fault.
He liked to blame most of his faults and misfortunes of his life on a tyrannical father.
He affirmed his innocence.
He became rich at the cost of his health.
He stood on his right.
He could not bear to think of his dog being sold to that cruel man.
He taught his dog some clever tricks.
He trained his dog to fetch the newspaper.
He named his dog Popeye.
He brought his dog to school.
He took pride in his dog.
He didn't spare time on his studies.
He is carrying out experiments in his laboratory.
He will regret his own words.
He has no confidence in his words.
He wants to sell his old car to a man in Kobe.
He seems to be unaware of his mistake.
He has not realized his own mistake.
He admitted his mistakes.
He compared his idea with another's.
He put down his thoughts in his notebook.
He couldn't get his ideas across to the students.
He is not good at putting his thoughts into words.
He put his thoughts on paper.
He knew how to put his ideas across.
His actions damned him.
Can he account for his action?
He calculated the consequences of his action.
He is trying to justify his act.
He is accountable to the management for what he does.
He traveled abroad in his own country.
He says he has always been true to his wife.
He drew a check for twenty thousand yen in favor of his wife.
He makes good use of his talents.
He isn't the sort of man that boasts of his abilities.
He was unconscious of his guilt.
He exhibited no remorse for his crime.
He was sure of his work's accomplishment.
He was sick of his job.
He did nothing but complain about his job.
He is weary of his work.
He is pleased with his work.
He got through his work.
He used force on his children.
He has very little interest in his children.
He always left the problem of his children's education to his wife.
He tends to get angry when he doesn't have his own way.
He succeeded in having his own way.
He is not above deceiving others to get his way.
He tends to get angry when he does not have his own way.
He gave expression to his ideas through his work.
He cares for nobody but himself.
He is planning to launch his business.
He reported his accident to the police.
He adhered to his own theory.
He is master of his own time.
He devoted all his time to the study of history.
He performed his duty at the expense of his time.
He worked at the cost of his own time.
He could not believe his ears.
He prided himself on his self control.
He came down the hill on his bicycle.
He should reflect on his failure.
He ascribes his failure to bad luck.
He was asked to account for his failure.
He blamed the teacher for his failure.
He blamed others for his own failure.
He blamed his failure on her.
He maintains his car well.
He parked his car behind the building.
He has his own car.
He compared his car to the new model.
He overestimates his youth too much.
He was not conscious of his weak point.
He was very ashamed of not being able to make his point.
He is quite satisfied with his income.
He clings to his customs.
He waited his turn.
He draws on his childhood experiences for the material of most of his stories.
He makes himself accessible to all who seek his counsel.
He developed his business.
He has been speculating on his future.
He is uncertain about his future.
He was meditating on his future life.
He is anxious about his future.
He named his puppy Pooch.
He avowed his beliefs.
He is ashamed of his behavior.
He tried to sell the boss the new idea.
He boasted about his new camera.
He showed off his new car.
He gave away his real intention.
He had a firm belief in his God.
He put his affairs in order.
He was never content with his success.
He ascribed his success to hard work.
He referred his success to the good teaching he had had.
He is sure of success.
He attributes his success to good luck.
He is boastful of his success.
He could not adapt his way of life to the company.
He saved the drowning boy at the risk of his own life.
He isn't such a fool as to risk his life.
He saved the boy at the risk of his own life.
He married a girl of his own choice.
He tried to find out what he was up against.
He dedicated his whole life to helping poor people.
He is ashamed of his son's conduct.
He sacrificed his outstanding career to retain his dignity.
He described his own experience.
He made his son attend the meeting in his place.
His quick temper will get him in trouble one day.
He took it for granted that one knew everything that he knew.
He quarrels with every person he knows.
He decided to rent his property to that company.
He concealed his anger from the audience.
He gave them the benefit of her insight.
He ought to have made allowances for his age.
He has confidence in his ability.
He is confident of his ability.
He raises crops and cows on his farm.
He accused me of his defeat.
He made a speech out of turn.
Did he admit that he was wrong?
He cares a lot about his reputation.
He made little of his illness.
He had to reduce the price of his wares.
He ruminated over his misfortunes.
He excused himself for his bad behavior.
He told me that his father was a doctor.
He told me that his father was dead.
He told me that his father was a teacher.
He is afraid of his father.
He named his son Robert after his own father.
He named his son John after his own father.
He is always complaining of his room being small.
He complained of his room being small.
He entered his room.
He was cleaning his room.
He has his own room.
He grouped his books into five categories.
He gathered his books together.
He took his book.
He has never swayed from his duty.
He offered no specific explanation for his strange behavior.
He is unconscious of his bad manners.
He tried to convince them of his innocence.
He was ashamed of his ignorance.
He ought to be ashamed of his ignorance.
He was proud of his daughter.
He was almost asleep when he heard his name called.
He didn't hear his name called.
He heard his name called from behind.
He repeated his name slowly.
He could not so much as sign his own name.
He cannot so much as write his own name.
He can scarcely write his name.
He saved my life at the risk of his own.
He saved the baby at the cost of his life.
He saved the drowning child at the cost of his own life.
He saved her at the cost of his own life.
He saved his daughter from the fire at the cost of his own life.
He could not believe his eyes.
He carried out all his aims.
He put terms on his problem.
He's living his role to the hilt.
He carried out all his promises.
He admitted his guilt.
He fitted his schedule to mine.
He has too much pride in his appearance.
He acknowledged his fault.
He is acting on his own behalf.
He acted in his own interest.
He wants to embody his ideal.
He applied his theory to some cases.
He explained his position to me.
He did not make his position clear.
He confided in me about his love affair.
He boasted about his skills.
He is eager for the chance to prove himself.
He thinks himself better than other people.
He was ignorant of the plot to assassinate him.
He considered himself lucky.
I don't think he'll be able to do it by himself.
He reared three children by himself.
He did so of his own accord.
He kept back the part about himself.
He hated his own kind.
He was angry with himself.
He won't say anything about himself.
He is not conscious of his own faults.
He reflected on his own thoughts.
He cannot write his own name.
He saved his friend at the risk of his own life.
He has a telephone to himself.
With all his boasting, he is a coward.
He is free to go there.
He gave me all the money at his command.
He is free to spend his money.
He is now on his own.
He has made his way in life.
He could make his way in life.
He looked up the word in the dictionary.
He has more than five dictionaries.
He was at a loss to explain where he had put the dictionary.
He hid his dictionary out of sight.
He reached for the dictionary.
He resigned from his office.
Did he hand in his resignation?
He was eventually prevailed upon to accept the appointment.
He played an important part like an axis.
He lived to be seventy years old.
He held his tongue while he was being scolded.
He hurried on to make up for lost time.
He has lost his job.
He was forced into unemployment.
It is said that he is likely to fail.
His failure led him to drink every night.
He worked hard lest he should fail.
He steeled himself against possible failure.
He studied hard for fear he should fail.
He worked hard for fear that he should fail.
He says he is above failure.
He made amends for his mistakes.
He is ashamed of his failure.
He blamed the failure on his brother.
He attributed his failure to bad luck.
He took the liberty of writing to the lady.
He was heartbroken from unrequited love.
He said so out of envy.
He studied interior decoration.
He redeemed his watch from the pawnbroker.
He led a simple life.
He raised his hand to ask a question.
He is above asking questions.
He seemed quite puzzled how to answer the question.
He gave correct answers to the questions.
He repeated his question.
He is so nice a fellow.
He is a super-hard worker, so I'm sure he'll make good at his new business.
He guessed the answers with great accuracy.
He is an extremely frank person.
He is clever indeed.
He certainly is smart.
He is, indeed, a hard worker.
He is a most brave man.
He does speak well.
He was in reality a criminal.
He had business at his family's home so he went at once.
Besides being a businessman, he is a musician.
He's an acute businessman.
He was ambitious of success in business.
He has a good record as a businessman.
He has a strong influence over the business world.
He used pigeons in his experiment.
He explained why the experiment failed.
He carried on with his experiment.
He actually didn't see the accident.
He hasn't actually been to America.
He actually did it.
He is really a Hercules.
He makes believe that he is a practical statesman, but in really he is a cunning politician.
He illustrated the problem with an example.
He adores going to the theater.
He is lying on the grass.
He comes out well in photographs.
He took a picture.
He is good at taking photos.
He tore the photographs into pieces.
He belongs to the camera club.
He is a good shot.
He was able to ski down the slope.
He felt alienated from society.
He is a danger to society.
He did it for the good of the community.
He contributed to the good of the community.
He is doing research in sociology.
He abandoned socialism.
He claims to be a socialist, and yet he has two houses and a Rolls Royce.
He lacks consciousness that he is a member of society.
He majors in social anthropology.
He despises people of a lower social class.
He is anxious to get back into circulation.
He is working for social welfare.
He's building up a network of acquaintances outside his office.
He is very sociable.
He has a sociable disposition.
He wasn't conscious of the president's decision to drop the line.
He made it known where the president had gone.
He was dispensed from all responsibilities of the president.
He is the boss's private secretary.
He aspired to the position of president.
He got his position by presidential appointment.
He did not even have the grace to apologize.
His car isn't here, so he must have gone.
He doesn't care if his car is dirty.
He was tumbled out of the car.
He loves cars, while his brother hates them.
He came by car.
He went to Boston by car.
He drove slowly up the hill.
He drove to school.
He started from Tokyo for Osaka by car.
He put a cover over his car.
He spent all of his money on a car.
He was knocked over by the car.
He invited us to get in the car.
He was run over by a car.
He was run over and killed.
He is bad at driving.
He does not know how to drive a car.
He got out from under the car.
He confirmed that something was wrong with his car.
He put the skis on top of the car.
He bargained that he should not have to pay for the car till the next month.
Was he in the car or by the car?
He is familiar with the names of cars.
He cannot buy a car, still less a house.
He has two cars; one is a Benz and the other is a Porsche.
He parked his car in front of the building.
He backed his car into the garage.
When he tried to back into the garage, he mistakenly gunned the engine and backed into the wall.
He had the car fixed in no time at all.
He drives a car, doesn't he?
He is old enough to drive.
He accelerated his car and overtook me.
He scraped his car on the utility pole at the corner.
He told me that I could use his car.
He stopped the car.
He started washing his car.
He is washing the car.
He is washing a car.
He ran the car into a lamppost.
As he wants to buy a car, he puts aside money.
He has sold his car, so he goes to the office by train.
He wants to sell his car, and I want to buy one.
He is engaged in selling cars.
He parked his car beside the sidewalk.
He has an abhorrence of snakes.
He gave back all the money he had borrowed.
He sometimes forgets to take books back to the library.
He might pay me some of the money he owes.
He was deeply in debt. And he and his family skipped town.
He was deep in debt, and had to part with his house.
He demanded payment of the debt.
He ran into debt.
He paid all his debts, which is the proof of his honesty.
He did not pay the debt and disappeared.
He obtained a release from his debt.
He came crawling to me to ask for a loan.
His debts were piling up.
He is young, and yet he is prudent.
Isn't he a young American student?
Though he is young, he is quite polite.
Though young, he is an able man.
He is young, but he is an able man.
Though young, he is wise.
Young as he is, he has a large family to provide for.
Young as he is, he is a good leader.
Young as he is, he is very careful.
Young as he is, he is quite intelligent.
Though he is young, he is equal to the task.
Though he is young, he never wastes time.
Young as he is, he is a good doctor.
Young as he is, he is equal to the task.
He is young, but experienced.
Young as he is, he is a good lawyer.
Young as he is, he is clever.
He seems to have been a very popular actor when he was young.
He could swim very well when he was young.
Early in life he showed a talent for painting.
He could ski well when he was young.
He used to get up early when he was young.
When he was young, he had an arrogant air.
He seems to have been in poor health when young.
They say that he was ambitious when young.
He is young and, what is more, handsome.
He was excused on the ground that he was young.
It is said that he worked very hard in his younger days.
Young as he is, he is not equal to the task.
He is still not old enough to go there all alone.
For such a young man, he's quite a solid person.
He cannot be young.
He did very good work allowing for his youth.
He was terribly poor when he was young.
He went through a lot when he was younger.
He would sometimes study late at night when young.
He seems to have had a hard life in his youth.
When he was young, he sometimes played soccer.
He got into the habit of smoking in his youth.
He acquired French when he was young.
It is said that he studied law when he was young.
He was very wild in his youth.
He was better off when he was young.
When he was young, he would often watch baseball.
He studied hard in his youth, and it contributed to his success in later years.
They say he was a musician when he was young.
He lived a wretched life when young.
He often turned up at parties without an invitation in his days.
He could run fast when he was young.
He went through many hardships in his youth.
He is ashamed of having been idle in his youth.
He regrets having been idle when he was young.
He seems to have been poor when he was young.
He is said to have been very poor when he was young.
When he was young, he was the talk of town.
He is said to have been weak when he was young.
He regrets having been idle when young.
He used to play the violin in his youth.
He sat surrounded by young girls.
He was edged out of office by a group of younger men.
He likes to be surrounded by youth.
Young as he was, he was a man of ability.
Though young, he had to support his large family.
Young as he was, he was equal to the task.
He is young and inexperienced, but quite enterprising.
He appeared young.
He looks young, but actually he is over forty.
He looks young, but in reality he is past thirty.
He was too young to live alone.
He looks young.
He is high in favor with the youths.
He tends to take sides with the weaker party.
He just loves to bully people.
He was a weak and delicate child.
He loved and helped weak people.
He was weak as a rat, and had no appetite.
He has a deep feeling for the weak.
He is not eager to unveil his main argument.
He fought bravely in behalf of a cause.
He sticks to his principles.
He stuck to his principle.
He thanked his host for a most enjoyable party.
He was chosen captain.
He worked all the harder because his master praised him.
He served his master well.
He recoiled before his master's anger.
He did a check on the quality.
He is a hard man to approach.
He made a favorable impression on his bank manager.
He wrote a letter of inquiry to his business contact.
He reads books at random.
He has a good hand.
He accompanies his words with blows.
He's quick with his hands.
He has big hands.
He is clumsy with his hands.
He tried to grasp the rail.
He was leaning against the rail.
He used his hand to screen the sunlight from his eyes.
He rubbed his eyes with his hands.
He came at me with a knife in his hand.
He put a Band-Aid on his hand.
He was holding a pen in his hand.
His hands were empty.
He will accept any money he can get.
He had a book in his hand.
He gave a blow with the flat of his hand.
He warmed his hands.
He raised his arm.
He did not put up his hand.
He held on to my hand tightly.
He rested his hand on my shoulder.
He really gets into anything he tries.
He raised his hand and smiled.
He reached his hand out, and tried to pick the fruit, but couldn't.
He reached out his hand for the knife, but it was too far away.
He reached out and took down a small leather bound book.
He reached for the book.
He waved goodbye to us.
He waved me away.
He helped an old lady get up from her seat.
He helped an old lady to get up from her seat.
He made a lot of easy money.
He had a little piano on wheels, and a poor thin monkey which sat on top of it.
He likes to play hardball with people.
He had three pieces of baggage.
He voiced his opinion in a letter to the Newsweek magazine.
He put a stamp on the letter.
He neither wrote nor telephoned.
He shoved the letter into his pocket.
He threw the letter into the fire.
He went to New York as soon as he got the letter.
He will be writing a letter.
He has written a letter.
He will have written a letter.
He had been writing a letter.
He will have been writing a letter.
He has been writing a letter.
He went to the post office to mail the letter.
He handed the letter to the secretary.
He tore up his letter into small bits and threw them out the window.
He has submitted to an operation.
He's bound hand and foot.
He is wearing gloves.
He answered in brief.
He stood beside me without so much as helping me.
He asked questions at random.
He listened to his CDs at random.
He bought books at random.
He is as ready to talk as to work.
He amused the children by showing them some magic.
He produced a rabbit out of his hat by magic.
He freely praised her.
He is a man of ability.
He likes to hunt.
He raised tomato plants from seed.
He tried many different methods.
He has elegant tastes.
He has nothing in common with her as to their tastes.
Drinking was his ruin.
He's giving himself up to drink.
He is given to drink.
He refrained from drinking too much.
He restricted his drinking to one beer a day.
He ruined his body by drinking too much.
He drinks to excess.
He never drinks without complaining about his son.
He gets a little bold after he's had a few drinks.
He is old enough to drink.
He was driving under the influence of alcohol.
He hanged himself.
He shook his head.
He shook his head up and down.
He shook his head back and forth.
He had an interview with the Prime Minister.
He was forced to resign as prime minister.
He committed suicide by hanging himself.
He succeeded in swimming across the river.
He succeeded in entering the university.
He is not qualified to take the examination.
He put the phone down.
He picked up the phone.
He took up the receiver and dialed.
He did not enjoy his lessons.
He lingered in the classroom after school was over.
He wanted to absent himself from the class.
He absented himself from classes.
He is always taking a nap at school.
He had his head in the clouds in class.
He was caught reading a comic book in class.
He was asleep during the lesson.
He lives up to his income.
He tried to make both ends meet.
He lives beyond his income.
He is too much superior to those about him to be quickly understood.
He had great influence on those around him.
He is interested in anything that has to do with religion.
He has no religious mind.
He is so old that he can go to school.
He grabbed the chance to get a job.
He declined the job-offer very politely.
Before retiring he usually dumps the chicken feed from all his pockets onto the table.
All having been spent on repairs, he applied to the bank for the loan.
He was the last but two to arrive.
He ended by quoting the Bible.
He was released from prison immediately after the war.
He may have missed the last train.
He is conservative in his habits.
He wrestled his attacker to the ground.
He writes me once a week.
He works a few days a week, and gets a little money.
He works beyond office hours twice a week.
He works few days a week, and gets little money.
He goes to a tutorial school three days a week.
He is paid by the week.
He plays golf on weekends.
He often stays away from home on the weekend.
He is going to stay with his uncle for the weekend.
He took adequate clothes for a weekend trip.
He had to address the meeting.
He lives in a little cozy house.
He's looking for a place to live.
He had no house to live in.
He changed his address.
He told me his address, but unfortunately I had no paper to write it down on.
He crossed himself.
He came at seven minutes after ten.
He left high school at seventeen.
He is late for meetings nine times out of ten.
He will come nine cases out of ten.
I saw him after ten years.
He has been living in the cabin by himself for more than ten years.
He has been dead for ten years.
He's quite able at his job.
He is well able to pay the charge.
He does not study hard enough.
He refused my offer for no good reason.
He is well able to read.
He is inaccessible to his employees.
He treats his employees well.
He fired most of his men.
He dismissed most of his men.
He departed from the old custom.
He made a little statue out of soft clay.
He mentioned to me that he would go shopping in Shibuya.
He could not come because of his serious illness.
He panted under a heavy load.
He was seriously ill, and the doctor was sent for.
Though seriously injured, he managed to get to a telephone.
He was relieved of his heavy responsibility.
He has made a significant decision.
He made a grave mistake.
He was given an important mission.
He made an important discovery.
He committed a serious crime.
He was very sick but his health is improving.
They say that he is seriously ill.
He is seriously ill and unlikely to recover.
He is suffering from a serious illness.
He picked out some important idioms.
He made an important scientific discovery.
He is a person of importance.
He is accustomed to hard work.
He is framed for hard work.
He'll have to do without a gun.
He laid down the gun.
He's staying with his uncle.
He was put through university with money left by his uncle.
He is named Jim after his uncle.
He will visit his uncle.
He stayed at his aunt's house.
He was busy with his homework.
He overlooked his assignment.
After he had finished his homework, he went out for a walk.
He must finish his homework today.
It took him two hours to finish his homework.
He leaves his homework half-finished.
He studies at a cram school.
He is an adept climber.
He enjoys a good reputation as a specialist in brain surgery.
He is a proficient pianist.
He was welcomed wherever he went.
He stayed at home all day instead of going out.
All of a sudden, he proposed to me.
He did not go out, but sat down.
He shouted, "Get out!"
He flirts with every woman he meets.
He doesn't seem to want to get ahead.
His career culminated in the presidency.
He wants to advance in the world.
He said under oath that his birthplace is Italy.
His attendance is irregular.
He was absent at roll call.
He was laughed at by all the people present.
He got ready for departure.
He advanced his departure by two days.
He decided to postpone his departure.
He decided he would put off his departure.
He put off his departure till Sunday.
He has postponed his departure until tomorrow.
He is in the publishing business.
He has powerful connections in the publishing industry.
He played the game as best he could.
He tried to keep dry as best he could.
He failed in the examination for lack of preparation.
He's a genuine aristocrat.
He rose to the rank of sergeant.
He will graduate from university in 2001 if things go well.
He has played his card out of turn.
He is on a roll.
He made his mark as a writer with his very first novel.
His maiden work established his reputation.
Although he is elderly, he looks young.
He fainted from the heat, but his wife's patient nursing brought him to.
He was affected by the heat.
He had no appetite because of the heat.
He went around the neighborhood collecting signatures.
When he writes, he always keeps a dictionary at hand.
He earns his bread as a writer.
He can't even read, let alone write.
He is in his library.
He closeted himself in his study.
He bought a number of books at the bookstore.
He told the bookstore keeper that he would come there again to buy the book that afternoon.
He showed little interest in books or music.
He was forced to sign the document.
He didn't even look over the papers.
He finished sorting the papers.
He took a glance at the papers.
He dumped the papers back into the drawer.
He folded his paper, consulting his watch.
He read the document aloud.
He deposited his papers with his lawyer.
He called for help.
He gave a loud cry for help.
He didn't come to help, but to hinder us.
He has only to ask for help.
He cried out for help in a loud voice.
He heard a cry for help.
He gave me not only advice but also money.
He has no friends to advise him.
He can look to his uncle for advice.
He placed great belief in his assistant.
Women didn't care for him.
He rescued a girl from drowning and was given a reward.
He's always chasing girls.
He's just showing off in front of the girls.
He watched the girls playing tennis.
He has no eye for women.
He was given three ships by the queen.
He bowed to the Queen.
He is a woman hater.
He teaches in a girls' high school.
He had a prejudice against women drivers.
He is only too pleased to be advised by a woman.
He disguised himself as a woman.
He had a gentleness that was attractive to women.
He doesn't approve of women smoking.
He's the kind of guy who doesn't take women seriously.
He looks down on women.
He is a hen-pecked husband.
He married an actress.
He is getting used to this rural life by degrees.
He gradually came to love his father.
He gradually recovered his temper.
He was ruled out.
He made believe not to be hurt.
He lay injured on the ground.
He had his wounds dressed.
He said he would win and he did, too.
Do you doubt that he will win?
He hopes he'll win and I hope so too.
He flatters himself he will win.
He voiced his opinion with reckless abandon.
It looks like he will win.
He burned for his moment of triumph.
He bragged of having won the victory.
He is rich enough to keep a servant.
He is in business.
He is able in business.
He could not make it in business.
He employed dishonest means in his business.
His business has come to a standstill.
His failure in business compelled him to sell his house.
He was experienced in business.
He is the last person to succeed in business.
He sold his business and retired.
He wants to engage in business.
He is planning to develop his business.
He set up in business.
He went to New York on business.
He often goes abroad on business.
He came up to Tokyo on business.
Business carried him to Kobe.
He is absent on business in Osaka.
He went to Tokyo on business.
He traveled on business.
He studied hard with a view to gaining a scholarship.
He studied on a scholarship.
He is likely to win the scholarship.
He will be a Newton in the future.
He hopes to run a company in the future.
He wants to be a policeman in the future.
He'll have many hardships to go through in the future.
He wants to be an Edison in the future.
He wants to become a cook in the future.
He will be a Shakespeare in the future.
He staked his future on this single chance.
He wants to be a doctor in the future.
He wants to be a scientist in the future.
He is a potential leader.
I think of him as a promising journalist.
He is a promising young businessman.
He was small, but strong.
He's adept at jumping into profitable niches.
He has a large desk in his small room.
He is too young to go swimming alone.
He crossed the river in a small boat.
He came across the Atlantic in a small sailboat.
He was able to build a small house.
He keeps a small poultry yard.
He made a small dog house.
He is sailing a little boat on the water.
He grew up in a little village.
He saved a little boy from drowning.
He is in fourth grade of elementary school.
He is a primary school teacher, so he is used to dealing with children.
He took her cubs, and ran up the mountain without looking back.
He had an old pickup truck and a big, battered mower.
He tied the twigs into bundles.
He signed the check.
He is now writing a sister volume to his novel.
He prefers poetry to fiction.
He is writing a novel.
He sat down to read a novel.
He sat up all night reading a novel.
He is a novelist and poet.
He is not so much a novelist as a poet.
I think he is not so much a novelist as he is a scholar.
He is a critic rather than a novelist.
He is known to us all as a novelist.
He won fame as a novelist.
He is a novelist and artist.
He is two years older than Ogawa.
He didn't dare to jump the brook.
He aimed at the bird.
He has a small frame.
He sent out the parcel the day before yesterday.
He saved money little by little, so that he could build a new house.
He is getting better bit by bit.
He will get better little by little.
He recovered little by little.
He has recovered little by little.
He dug the hole bit by bit.
He will return if only a little.
He made the soup by mixing a little meat with some rice.
Is he anything like handsome?
He spoke with a suggestion of sarcasm in his voice.
He is always on the move.
He can't swim at all, but when it comes to skiing, he is the best.
He is no kind of musician.
He is nothing of a scholar.
He didn't do a stitch of work.
He made no manifestation of his disappointment.
He shows no mark of progress.
He grew no fatter.
He drank a little.
He likes sports that have a touch of risk.
He said, "Let's take a short rest."
He continued his work after a short break.
He arrived shortly after.
He's somewhat hard of hearing, so please speak louder.
He left a while ago.
He seems to have a touch of fever.
He looks a bit tired.
He looks a bit tired, doesn't he?
He gave me what little money he had about him.
He has not a little interest in music.
He has no less than five English books.
He has at least one thousand books.
He reads ten books a month at least.
He washes his car at least once a week.
He pulls down at least twenty million yen a year.
He grouped the girls in three rows.
He bent over the girl and kissed her.
He took a glance at the girl.
He's a bit of a drunkard.
He has a knowledge of English.
He is a bit on the heavy side.
He caught a boy stealing his watch.
He was very naughty when he was a little boy.
He seized the boy by the arm.
He was very naughty in his boyhood.
He was naughty when a boy.
He put a touch of salt on a boiled egg.
He picked up a handkerchief from the floor.
He is confined to bed now.
As soon as he went to bed, he fell asleep.
He was sitting on the floor.
He laid himself flat on the floor.
He fell down on the floor.
He dropped his books on the floor.
He lay at full length on the floor.
He was standing on the floor.
He looked down at the floor.
He put his foot through the floor.
He withheld his consent.
He is very reluctant to accept the invitation.
He threw away his chance of promotion.
He is qualified for promotion.
He is out for promotion.
He is angling for promotion.
He lived in Matsue for seven years.
He called up his uncle on reaching Matsuyama.
He has a passive character.
He made up his mind to be a fireman.
He played a hose on the burning hotel.
He was embarrassed.
He was made a fool of.
All he could do was resist laughing.
It was all he could do not to laugh.
He laughed.
He does nothing but laugh.
He tried to laugh her out of her foolish belief.
He was afraid of being laughed at.
He greeted me with a smile.
He cloaks his wickedness under a smiling face.
He was borne away by an impulse.
He was confronted with the evidence.
He was called to give evidence.
He gave no further detail.
He explained it in detail.
He carved designs in ivory.
He didn't jump high enough to win a prize.
He boasted of having won the prize.
He deposited the prize money in the bank.
He was looking upward to the sky.
He was in good spirits.
He came up to Tokyo, and there married her.
Every time he comes up to Tokyo, he never fails to call me up.
Whenever he comes up to Tokyo, he stays with us.
Whenever he comes up to Tokyo, he stays at our house.
He pretends to be enthusiastic when his boss is around.
He has his superiors' confidence.
He is in with the boss.
He knows better than to fight with his boss.
He attempted to sidestep a conflict with his chief.
He is always complaining about his boss.
He handed in his resignation to his boss.
He's in good odor with the chief.
He breathed deeply before entering his boss's office.
He attended the meeting in place of his boss.
He made believe not to hear his boss.
He gets along badly with his boss.
He cannot help accepting his boss's order.
He planned to murder his boss, but did not carry it out.
He coaxed extra money from his mother.
He plays the guitar well.
He handled the knife and fork very well.
He can handle English well.
He speaks Japanese well, but I can't speak German.
He burned a hole in his coat.
He zipped up his jacket.
He took a key from his coat pocket.
He noticed a hole in his jacket, but he tried to ignore it.
He hung up his coat.
He was reading a newspaper in his shirt sleeves.
He took off his coat and put it on again.
He had no coat on.
He hung his coat on a hook.
He was bare to the waist.
He was made to work all day by the boss.
He is in disfavour with his superiors.
He is in favor with his superiors.
He belongs to the upper class.
He is said to have been strong.
He is on board ship.
He is good at riding a horse.
He was brought up to riding.
He laughed at my joke.
He doesn't see a joke.
When he saw the joke, he laughed in spite of himself.
He said so only by way of a joke.
He said so by way of a joke.
He carried a joke too far.
He entertained us with jokes all evening.
He hit the ball out of bounds.
He was always on the side of the weak against the strong.
He studies day and night.
He was always on the people's side.
He has no common sense.
He lacks the merest grain of common sense.
He is wanting in common sense.
He is lacking in common sense.
He must be lacking in common sense.
He is a man of warm heart.
He was borne away by passion.
He'll get hold of us as soon as he has the information.
He got all his information from secondary sources.
He promised to provide information.
He knows the situation well enough.
He sized up the situation and acted immediately.
It took him a while to realize the situation.
He lay on the mat at full length.
He succeeded in applying steam to navigation.
He is a plain, modest person.
He sensed that threat early in his career.
He is seeking employment.
He is worried about losing his job.
He was thrown out of work.
He came to New York in order to look for a job.
He is after a job.
He elected painting as a career.
He abuses his authority.
He is still at work in the workroom.
He is busy with job hunting.
He was brushed with duties.
He was accused of being neglectful of his duties.
He performed his duties faithfully.
He was assigned a task.
He was negligent of his duties.
He is weighted down with various cares.
He has done marvels.
He fell ill because he ate too much.
He makes it a rule not to eat too much.
He went on reading while he ate.
He is very fond of eating.
He said grace before eating.
He does not need to eat, he is just greedy.
He died from eating too much.
He was cautious about overeating.
As soon as he finished eating, he began to walk again.
He gave me food and money as well.
He is very particular about his food.
He is a very fussy eater.
He is indifferent to what he eats.
She is particular about food.
He gave me clothes as well as food.
He rose to his feet before the meal was over.
He complained to her about the food.
He washed her dirty hands before the meal.
He devoured his meal.
He began his meal by drinking half a glass of ale.
He is eating.
He was at dinner.
He is in the habit of reading a paper while taking a meal.
He spoke with his mouth full at table.
He sat at the head of the table.
He found a job with a food company.
He asked for food.
He has a good appetite.
He has a large store of food.
He is lazy.
He turned his tail and ran.
He is a man of strong faith.
He is a man of faith.
He cannot be trusted.
He is a man to be trusted.
He lost his honor.
He is not a man to rely on.
He can be relied on.
He has a good name for reliability.
He is not a man to be trusted.
He is a reliable person and has a strong sense of responsibility.
I believe that he is a reliable man.
He is a man whom we can trust.
He was respected as a hero because he defended his country against the invaders.
He sat up all night.
He went to bed.
He had to stay in bed.
Is he sleeping?
He drank plenty of black coffee so as not to fall asleep.
He took a look at the newspaper before going to bed.
He makes a point of doing ten push-ups before going to bed.
He set the alarm before going to bed.
He overslept himself.
He came downstairs out of the bedroom for breakfast.
He went over to the other side.
He greeted her with cordiality.
He is looked up to for his breadth of mind.
He'd better watch out, or Mulligan is going to wipe the floor with him.
He could do nothing but give up his plan against his will.
He thought to himself, "No!" Aloud he said, "Yes."
He turned over the matter in his mind.
He laughed a hearty laugh.
He welcomed the news from his heart.
He is kind at heart.
His presence of mind deserted him.
He sang to his heart's content.
He enjoyed the vacation to his heart's content.
He read to his heart's content.
He steeled himself against compassion.
He is sound in both mind and body.
He felt his heart beating fast.
He has a bad heart.
He is the foremost authority on heart surgery.
He died of a heart attack.
He is a good man at heart.
His anxiety was such that he could hardly sleep.
He sat brooding over his troubles all day.
He has a doctor's degree in psychology.
He is a careful player.
He performed his duty with deliberation.
He is a careful worker.
He turned around and looked back.
He looked back and smiled at me.
He is very peculiar in his behavior.
He manifested his character in his behavior.
He employed a new maid.
I heard that he bought a new computer.
He's always playing up to the boss, in hopes of getting a new PC in his office.
He's getting on well in his new business.
He recently traded in his jeep for a new Mercedes.
He not only made the plan of a new house but built it himself.
He built a new house.
He borrowed money from the bank to finance his home.
He quickly accustomed himself to his new surroundings.
He is quick to adapt to new circumstances.
He tried to adapt himself to his new surroundings.
He couldn't adapt to new circumstances.
He operated the new machine.
He bought a new pair of shoes.
He tried putting on his new shoes.
He engages himself in every new project.
He is working on the new plan.
He intends to bring out a new monthly magazine.
He lost himself in his new research.
He embarked on a new study.
He has lots of new ideas.
It seems that he is happy with his new job.
He didn't get on well in his new job.
He will surely succeed in his new job.
I'm sure he will make good in the new job.
He's thrilled with his new job.
He was in a hurry to begin the new job.
He went to Tokyo for the purpose of getting a new job.
He absorbed new ideas.
He embarked on a new enterprise.
He needed capital to start a new business.
He showed off his new watch.
He was eager to display his new bicycle to his friends.
He is going to buy a new bicycle next week.
He was eager to show off his new bicycle to his friends.
He is so crazy about his new car that he goes driving every Sunday.
He wants to get a new dictionary.
He is pleased with his new car.
He has a new car and an old car.
He can't afford to buy a new car.
He has bought a new car.
He wants a new car.
He bought a new pair of gloves.
He has set up a new business.
He is working on a new novel.
He is engaged upon a new novel.
He worked very hard to raise his family in the new place.
I hope he will make good in his new position.
He had decided on a new policy.
He discovered a new star.
He adapted himself to his new life.
He got accustomed to the new way of living.
He has the problem of adapting to a new way of life.
He gave us an explanation about the new billing system.
He is wild to buy a new motorcycle.
He used a wire to connect the new light.
He engaged a new secretary.
He had a new suit made.
He worked out a new formula.
He has begun on a new book.
He risked his whole fortune to discover new oil fields.
He claimed that he had discovered a new comet.
He demonstrated new vacuum cleaners.
He advanced a new plan.
He went to America for the purpose of learning a new method of producing crops.
He bought a new car.
He bought a new car. He had had his old one for more than ten years.
He lost his way in Shinjuku Station.
He made a killing in his new business.
He started a new life.
He showed a lot of enthusiasm for the development of new products.
He went outside for a breath of fresh air.
He opened the window to let in some fresh air.
He is engaged in developing new materials.
He insured his new house against fire.
He cut the advertisement out of the newspaper.
He purposed writing something for the paper.
He ran an ad in the paper.
He wanted to be in the newspapers.
He wanted to publish his photographs in the newspapers.
He answered an advertisement in the paper and got the job.
He peered at the small print in a newspaper.
He was reading a paper upside down.
He sent his son out to get the newspaper.
He picked up the newspaper and glanced casually over the front page.
He likes to read newspapers.
He stopped reading the newspaper.
He makes it a rule to go over the financial section every time he reads the paper.
He was reading a newspaper.
He delivers newspapers.
He ran away in the direction of the wood.
He walked in the forest, with birds singing cheerfully above his head.
He got lost in the course of walking in the woods.
He went hunting in the woods.
He passed through the woods.
He gave a deep sigh.
He is a man of profound knowledge.
He fell into a deep sleep.
Deeply moved, he tried to express his thanks.
He breathed deeply.
He was absorbed in deep thought.
He is a man with profound learning.
He could not breathe deeply.
He took a deep breath.
Besides those serious problems, he had to contend with all sorts of people.
He was cured of his heavy drinking.
He bent his head low.
He was deceived by the late night television shopping network and paid high prices.
He accepted our offer.
He deemed it wise to accept the offer.
He declined the offer and so did I.
He working all right.
He is gifted with perfect wisdom.
He fell head over heels into the pool.
He was ablaze with anger.
He had his car stolen in broad daylight.
He came straight up to me.
He keeps a straight face while telling a ridiculous story.
It occurred to me that he might not tell the truth.
He told the truth.
He believed in the truth.
He seems to have known the truth.
It seems that he knows the truth.
He stopped looking for the pearl.
He could not rest until he knew the truth.
He is of a serious turn of mind.
He gave me a ring at midnight.
He did not return home till midnight.
He prayed to God to help the poor girl.
He showed great reverence towards the pictures of the god.
He doesn't believe in God.
He worked under divine guidance.
He suffered a nervous breakdown.
He went as far as Kobe by train.
He is a gentleman. He cannot have said such a thing.
He is a gentleman and ought to be treated as such.
He is a gentleman.
He was born and bred a gentleman.
He is no gentleman.
He is my close friend.
He became a singer against his parents wishes.
He picked up a butterfly between his thumb and forefinger.
He built on his father's fortune.
He is staying with his relatives.
He seems kind.
He looks very kind, but he is unpleasant.
He is kindness itself.
He is kind, and, what is still better, very honest.
He is a kind and nice fellow.
He is kind and gentle, and what is better still, honest.
He is more gentle than kind.
He was kind enough to tell me the truth.
People like him because he is kind.
He is a kind boy.
I found that he was a kind man.
He seems a kind man.
He had a kind manner.
He was a very kind man, but his verbosity was exasperating.
He was kind enough to show me the post office.
He was so kind as to lend us some money.
He had the goodness to come all the way to see me.
He was kind enough to invite me.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
He had the kindness to show me the way to the theater.
He was kind enough to see that I wanted for nothing.
He was so kind as to help us.
He was kind enough to lend me some money.
He was so kind as to show me the way to the station.
He was kind enough to lend me money.
He had the kindness to find me a job.
He was kind enough to show me the way to the library.
He was so kind as to offer his seat to me.
He was so kind as to show me around the town.
He was kind enough to show me the way.
He was kind enough to give me something cold to drink.
He had the kindness to supply me with my school expenses.
He was kind enough to tie my shoelaces.
He had the kindness to help me with my work.
He was kind enough to help me with my homework.
He was very kind to invite me to his birthday party.
He was kind enough to take me to the bus stop.
He was so kind as to see me home.
He had the kindness to help me.
He was foolish enough to believe it.
He had the kindness to take me to the hospital.
He was kind enough to take us over to the island in his boat.
He was so kind as to give the old man his seat.
He had the kindness to show me the way.
He was kind enough to help me with my studies.
He has a hunger for kindness after fame.
He seems to be friendly.
He did it out of kindness.
He succeeded to his father's business.
He grieved at the death of his best friend.
He is independent of his parents.
He disagrees with his relatives.
He is well dressed, but he is anything but a gentleman.
He is aware of his danger.
He lamented his hard fate.
He wept over his misfortunes.
He motioned us away.
He leaned over her and said, "No, I'm not lying."
He began to study with a will.
He didn't reveal his identity.
He felt himself seized by a strong arm from behind.
He felt himself lifted up.
He is five feet tall.
He is a man of position.
He is a man of high social status.
He lives within his means.
He barely escaped death.
He was patient.
He has learned to be patient.
He was willing to care for that cat.
He readily agreed to my proposal.
He was willing to work for others.
He is a man with enterprise.
He hurt his finger with a needle.
He tends to get angry when people oppose him.
He is kind of person no one would turn to for help.
He seems nice, but he's wicked at heart.
He had his pocket picked in the crowd.
He elbowed his way through the crowd.
She glimpsed him running through the crowd.
He doesn't mix well.
He cut a fine figure in company.
He has a friendly nature.
He is not such a stingy man as he is made out to be.
He deals fairly with people.
He is just to a person.
He's got a commanding manner about him.
He is fond of gossip.
He is not such a mean fellow as will speak against other people.
He tried not to hurt others' feelings.
He defends suicide on the grounds that one's self-dignity is more important.
He is apt to forget people's name.
He is apt to forget people's names.
He has a habit of moving his head up and down when he is listening to a conversation.
He is poor at listening to a person's story.
He is eager to please.
He finds pleasure in watching people.
He has an eye for people.
He leads you by the nose if you let him.
He is a man of character.
He had established a solid reputation as a man of character.
He was devoid of human feeling.
He is a devil in human shape.
He has a deep insight into human psychology.
He got four dolls, of which three were made in China.
He is shy of strangers.
He ordered them to survey population growth.
He revived the child with artificial respiration.
He lost sight of his friend in the crowd.
He disappeared in the crowd.
He lost himself quickly in the crowd.
He made his way through the crowd.
He is not guilty of murder.
He fought against racial discrimination.
He condemned racial discrimination as evil.
He is not a person who has strong racial prejudice.
He always stands off when people are enthusiastic.
He knew little about the people.
He liberated the people from bondage.
He tried to awake people from their ignorance.
He was glad to avail himself of any means to succeed in life.
He has only one aim in life, to make money.
He has no definite object in life.
He drifted aimlessly through life.
He has a firm purpose in life.
He has tasted the bitters and sweets of life.
His life was full of drama.
He was a brave warrior who had spent most of his life fighting his enemies.
Life passed him by.
He was brought up against the realities of life.
He lived abroad for much of his life.
He has a notion that life is a voyage.
He sees all life in terms of money.
He has seen much of the world.
He was dressed down in public.
He was laughed at in public.
He hasn't said anything publicly, but in confidence he told me he's getting married.
He said he wasn't used to speaking in public.
He is accustomed to speaking in public.
He's used to speaking in public.
He is used to speaking in public.
He is an agreeable person.
She is not so much unsociable as bashful.
He's fed up with socializing.
He is an authority on the humanities.
He cannot afford the common comforts of life.
He was a god to his people.
He was proud that he was selected by the people.
He was praised for saving a life.
He lived in a house remote from the village.
Living as he did in the remote countryside, he seldom came into town.
He lives in a farmhouse remote from the world.
He illustrated his theory with diagrams.
He explained by means of diagrams.
He still hasn't returned the book he borrowed from the library.
Does he still have that book he borrowed from the library?
He had the nerve to say that.
He belongs to the brass band.
He amused himself by reading a detective story.
He jumped across the puddle.
He drank the whisky as if it were water.
He took some deep breaths before he dived.
He jumped into the water.
He dived into the water and came up for air.
He is tremendously handsome.
He asked for a drink of water.
He drank three glasses of water.
He must have left the water running.
He left the water running.
He cannot swim.
He is a good swimmer and also plays tennis well.
He didn't care for swimming.
He holds a record in swimming.
He has built up his health through swimming.
He is adept in swimming.
He used water colors in short vertical brush-strokes.
He didn't meet the standards.
He hoped to be a sailor.
He finally succeeded in climbing that mountain.
He carried on at his work eventually.
He is too drunk to drive home.
He is out of control when drunk.
He will drive home, though he is drunk.
He is a little high.
He was too drunk to remember to shut the back door.
He was drunk and his speech was thick.
He was fined five pounds for drunken driving.
Since he is very late, he may have met with an accident on his way.
He has changed a lot, and he is no longer what he used to be.
He has changed a lot, and he is not what he was.
He is a man of noble mind.
He regarded her with worship in his eyes.
He can't count.
He made a linguistic study of languages.
He was overcome by numbers.
Having failed several times, he succeeded at last.
He likes mathematics, but I don't.
He is proud of being good at mathematics.
He is good at mathematics.
He has not taken the highest level evaluation, but he is good at mathematics.
He excels in mathematics.
He is second to none in mathematics.
He is ahead of us in mathematics.
He got a good grade in mathematics.
He got good marks in math.
He got full marks in mathematics.
He showed exceptional ability in mathematics.
He is terrible at math.
He asked me some questions about the math test.
He has shown an apt for mathematics.
He worked for weeks in behalf of the community chest.
He will stay in Tokyo for several weeks.
He got acquainted with some villagers.
He played on several pianos, one of which he chose.
He comes here every few days.
He was unconscious for several days.
He is off work for a few days.
He went on a journey a few days ago.
He got very proficient in English in a few years.
He died some years since.
He waited for several seconds and opened the door.
He is the greatest poet that ever lived.
He was as great a poet as ever lived.
He is as great a statesman as any.
He brought the world to its senses.
He is swimming against the tide.
He is the greatest scientist that the world has ever produced.
He is a potential world champion.
He is numbered among the greatest scientists in the world.
He is possessed with the ambition to rule over the world.
He traveled about the world.
It is said that he is the richest man in the world.
He traveled around the world.
He realized his ambition to sail around the world.
He made a journey around the world.
He broke the world record.
He's not in the least interested in what is happening in the world.
He promoted the idea of world government.
He won four successive world championships.
He is one of the greatest scientists in the world.
He is the greatest man in the world.
He became famous all over the world.
He had friends all over the world.
He is known to almost everybody throughout the world.
He traveled all over the globe.
He traveled all over the world.
He helped the cause of world peace.
He made superhuman efforts to maintain world peace.
He is a man of the world.
He's what society calls a real lover of music.
He is known to the public.
He took the public by surprise.
He differs from the common run of student.
He has no regard to appearance.
He came to the throne by succession.
He is indifferent to worldly success.
He looks his best in his uniform.
He tried to enlarge his sphere of influence.
He has a mild nature.
He has a nice personality.
He is obstinate in disposition.
It is in the cards that he will succeed.
He made it.
He wanted to succeed.
He gave up trying, when he might have succeeded.
He did not feel happy for all his success.
He would have succeeded.
They were flushed with success.
I doubt if he will succeed.
He is frantically on the make.
He is earnest for success.
He worked hard in order to succeed.
I think that he will succeed.
He paid too high a price for success.
He persisted in the experiment until he was successful.
He persisted in his work until he succeeded.
He spared no effort for success.
He works hard so as to succeed.
He hoped to succeed.
He is most happy about his success.
He is ambitious to succeed.
He had hoped to succeed, but in reality, he had not.
Due to his high grades, he will inevitably be accepted to the university.
He's proud of his good grades.
His grades took a big jump.
He will struggle to graduate if he does not make progress.
He grew up to be a fine youth.
He grew up to be a great scientist.
He grew up to be a doctor.
He grew up to be an engineer.
He grew up to be a famous musician in later years.
He has grown up to be a fine gentleman.
He grew up to be a great person.
The older he grew, the more attractive he became.
He invested two hundred dollars in a growing business.
He went to Narita or somewhere.
He started from Narita for Paris.
On arriving at Narita, he telephoned me.
He is playing an active part in politics.
He is second to none in eloquence in the world of politics.
He has many enemies in the political world.
He is an influence in politics.
He distanced himself from politics.
He holds only vague opinions about politics.
He knows nothing about politics.
He seems to be indifferent to politics.
Politics didn't interest him.
He has lost interest in politics.
He is indifferent to politics.
He holds an extreme opinion in politics.
He is a sort of politician.
He is not a politician but a lawyer.
He was not a political figure but a religious one.
He is not so much a politician as a novelist.
He is not so much a politician as a scholar.
He is a novelist rather than a politician.
He is not so much a politician as a merchant.
He established himself as a politician.
He fulfilled the functions of a statesman.
He is a good speaker as politicians go.
He has no political ambition.
He was ambitious of political fame.
He has some acquaintance with the government people.
He makes a living by working for a government office.
Many nights did he spend, looking up at the stars.
He looked up at the stars.
He can not distinguish between right and wrong.
Is he right?
He has the freedom to do what he thinks is right.
He has an eye for good English usage.
He did right.
He has no sense of right and wrong.
He's not all there.
He was judged sane and was therefore chargeable with murder.
He recovered the balance of his mind.
He is justice.
He was to have arrived before noon.
He'll be here until noon.
He did not come till noon.
He will have been working for five hours by noon.
He came here before noon.
He wore a mask so that no one could recognize him.
I doubt whether he is honest.
He seems honest.
He appeared honest.
He is honest. That's why I like him.
As he is honest, he is loved by everybody.
I think he is honest.
He is stubborn, though honest.
He proved to be honest.
He is as kind as honest.
He seems to be honest.
He is at once honest and kind.
He is honest and hardworking, but his brother is quite otherwise.
He is far from honest.
He is far from being honest.
He is too honest to tell a lie.
He has integrity, so he has many friends.
He gains many friends through his honesty.
He is an honest man and will always remain so.
He got the reputation for being an honest politician.
He is an honest man.
I took him to be an honest man.
He must be an honest man.
He told the truth, otherwise he would have been punished.
He is a model of honesty.
He didn't believe that honesty is the best policy.
He is a square shooter.
He is said to be honest.
He is so honest that he always keeps his word.
He looks like an honest man.
He put on clean trousers.
He has spent most of his time as a career diplomat.
He lived to be ninety.
He took a lot of chances in order to survive.
He is called a walking dictionary.
He has a very vivid imagination.
He is a sharp-shooter.
He amended his way of living.
He made up his mind not to return to his native country.
He is by nature a very quiet person.
He is gentle by nature.
He is kind by nature.
He has a natural bent for music.
He is by nature a generous person.
He was born dumb.
He is by nature a kind person and is popular with the children in his neighborhood.
He was passive by nature.
His body was weak by nature.
He is lazy by nature.
He is naturally clever.
He is reserved by nature.
He has an innate love of adventure.
He's lived there all his life.
He is proud of the fact that he has never consulted a doctor in his life.
He was endowed with great talents.
Nature endowed him with wit and beauty.
He is by nature an artist.
He is a poet by birth.
He was a so-called aristocrat by birth.
He was born in Ohio but brought up in Texas.
He is a Greek by birth.
He is Scottish by origin.
He is German by birth.
He was born poor, but died a millionaire.
He is French by birth, but he is now a citizen of the USA.
He is a Russian by birth.
He is a Londoner by birth.
He is Japanese by birth.
He is a man of birth and breeding.
He was born and brought up in Tokyo.
He extended the knowledge of biochemistry.
He had various experiences in his life.
He dedicated his life to helping the poor.
He devoted his whole life to compilation of the dictionary.
He stayed at the same job for his whole life.
He remained a bachelor all his life.
He helped poor people all his life.
He's leading a dog's life.
He is in great want.
He works for his living.
I think he needs to alter his lifestyle.
He works hard to earn his living.
He hovered between life and death.
He is an American to the backbone.
He is a Parisian born and bred.
He wasn't recognized as a great writer until after his death.
He was a great statesman in life.
He told the students to be quiet.
He left his students these famous words.
He has a bad reputation with his students.
He is being harassed by a flood of questions from his students.
He is skillful in teaching pupils.
He is greatly respected by his students.
He was sitting surrounded by the students.
He is clever at biology.
He cheated on the biology exam.
He is very much interested in biology.
He was engaged in biological research.
He is working in the field of biology.
He is a biologist.
He has been engaged in the study of biology for nearly ten years.
He challenged the mountain at the risk of his life.
He even referred to the origin of life.
He insured himself.
He is endowed with a sense of humor.
He is still fully active.
He did his best but soon saw that he could not compete with such a fast runner.
He checked out of the hotel.
He was mentally troubled.
He is an energetic politician.
He's dying to see Seiko.
He acted like a saint.
He shouted at the top of his voice.
He dropped his voice.
He sang with his voice strained.
He is bent on becoming a vocalist.
He likes Western culture.
He has a reputation for integrity.
He devoted himself whole-heartedly to her.
He protested that he was innocent.
He has a blue coat on.
He had a blue jacket on.
He was dressed in blue.
He has blue eyes and fair hair.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful color.
He lost color.
He was so angry that his veins stood out.
He has a lot of books for the young.
He loves to hike in the quiet countryside.
He put his finger to his lips as a sign to be quiet.
He told us to keep quiet.
He made a motion to be silent.
He quietly knocked at the door.
He walked quietly.
He lives in peace.
He prefers the quiet.
He is immune from taxes.
He once lied and told her a rare creature lived in her closet.
He's always been kind to me.
He looks like a completely different person to what he was before.
They say that he has a lot of old money.
It is said that he has a lot of old coins.
He is different from what he used to be.
He must have gone to see his old friend.
He is not the cheerful man he was.
He used to be a gentleman.
He used to be a nice boy.
He told me how he had once been a rich man.
He used to drink.
He does not work so hard as he used to.
He is not so diligent as he used to be.
He is not as well off as he used to be.
He is better off than he used to be.
He used to be a man of fortune.
He used to be a quiet man.
He remained silent like a stone.
He picked up a stone.
He threw a stone at a dog.
He weighed the stone in his hand.
He threw a stone into the pond.
He broke the window by throwing a stone.
He is said to have made a fortune in oil.
He made a fortune in oil.
He is famous as an oil king.
He was appointed to a responsible post.
He's a take-charge boss.
He fixed the blame on his friends.
He has a strong sense of responsibility.
A man of responsibility, he didn't leave the matter alone.
He wore red pants.
He decided on a red car.
He picked up a red stone.
He looked after the baby.
He covered himself with shame.
He is a total stranger to me.
He is no better than a baby.
He did not stop his car at the red light.
He drank a glass of red wine.
He has collected no fewer than five hundred stamps.
He collected a lot of stamps.
He has collected twice as many stamps as I have.
It seems that he likes collecting stamps.
He is easy to get on with.
He is suspected of robbery.
By virtue of frugality he has made a fortune.
I argued him into consent.
He argued away her concern.
He was late because of the snow.
He lost his way in the snow.
He is always saying bad things about others.
He has had absolutely no part in the conspiracy; it was not he, but his brother, who had an axe to grind against the government.
He is obstinate in his opinion.
He was determined to go, so I decided to do my best to help him.
I'm afraid he will never admit his guilt.
He never touched wine.
He has absolute power.
He gave up the attempt in despair.
He came home in despair.
He lost hope and killed himself by taking poison.
His life is despaired of.
He does not live in Sendai.
He changed trains at Sendai Station.
The urge to brag on his recent successes was irresistible.
He uses a pencil with a fine point.
He earned as much as 100,000 yen working part-time last month.
He is said to have won the speech contest last month.
He set out for Paris last month.
I hear he has been ill since last month.
He divorced his wife last month.
He moved to Tokyo last month.
He is a man of vision.
He went to America last week.
He intended to have visited the temple last week.
He managed to get himself promoted last week.
He quit school last week.
He was out of town last week.
He seems to have been sick last week.
He believes it to be an honor to follow in his predecessor's footsteps.
He was given a gold watch from the teacher.
Is he a teacher?
He was respected both as a teacher and as a man.
He asked his teacher several questions.
He bowed to his teacher.
He had no thought of becoming a teacher.
He made up his mind to be a teacher.
He studied all the harder for being praised by his teacher.
He stuck out his tongue at his teacher.
He asked his teacher stupid questions.
He's not cut out for teaching.
He seems not to be cut out for teaching.
I'm of the opinion that he should apologize to his teacher.
He had an intense hatred of his teacher.
He made a polite bow to his teacher.
He studied the harder because he was praised by his teacher.
He will present a book to his teacher.
He tried to write down everything the teacher said.
He never pays much attention to what his teacher says.
He pays no attention to the teacher.
He made notes of the teacher's lecture.
He followed the lead of our teacher.
He made much of his teacher's advice.
He ran off to meet his teacher.
He made a fool of his teacher.
He came back home a while ago.
He is a born poet.
He is the man you met the other day.
He took out a 1,000-yen note from his wallet.
He transferred to the office in Chiba.
He is an absolute monarch.
Since he is not an expert, his opinion is no account.
He has excellent techniques which would outdo a specialist.
He drowned in the river.
He is swimming in the river.
He drowned while swimming in the river.
He walked along the river.
He fell into the river.
He sat at the edge of the stream.
He lives across the river.
He got across the river.
He accumulated a tremendous fortune during the post war.
He is a war orphan.
He was slain in battle.
He is believed to have been killed in action.
He was killed in the war.
He demonstrated his courage by his actions in battle.
He cheated death many times on the battlefield.
He gambled on the war coming to an early end.
He lost two sons in the war.
He was wounded in the war.
He presented an argument for the war.
He has never really got over malaria he caught in the East during the war.
He was baptized a Catholic.
He is delicate.
He fell overboard and was drowned.
He had heard stories about an ancient god who had left his land centuries before by ship.
He became a sailor.
He wanted to go to sea.
He saved a sailor.
He is fighting with his back to the wall in the election.
He won the election by a large majority.
He was chosen by election.
He fought a successful election campaign.
He is not old enough to vote.
He is prepossessed with an ill opinion.
He gave the same answer as before.
He has been to Switzerland before.
He said he had come to Japan the previous week.
He said that he had met her on the previous day.
He doesn't study as hard as he used to.
He arrived at nine in accordance with a prearranged plan.
He sent his luggage in advance.
He is better off than he was.
He amassed a fortune in stock trading during the last boom.
He was elected to the Senate in the last election.
He decided neither to advance nor to retreat.
He was sent into combat.
He said a few words by way of preface.
He concentrated on his study of prepositions.
He is a promising young man.
It seems that he is a promising youth.
He lost the watch which he had bought the day before.
He seized on the unprecedented opportunity.
He doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
He is old enough to tell good from evil.
He can't distinguish vice from virtue.
He meditated on the problem of good and evil.
He is not so stupid as to be unable to tell right from wrong.
He is the epitome of goodness.
He is a good boy, and what is better, very handsome.
He was not at all satisfied with the result.
He is quite a savage.
He was left all alone in the woods.
He did not speak at all.
He arrived quite out of the blue.
He denies himself nothing.
He seems to be bankrupt of all tender feeling.
He is every bit a politician.
He felt utterly humiliated.
He said it was out of the question.
He assumed a new identity.
He is quite capable and can hold his own.
He used all his wealth for the benefit of the poor.
He broke with all his relatives.
He attributed everything to himself.
He's perfect at everything.
He ordered that everybody get up at six.
He did well in all subjects, particularly mathematics.
He won the prize for excellence in all subjects.
He has got well, so that he can work now.
He had got nationwide fame.
He put all his fortune in the enterprise.
He risked losing all his fortune.
He handed over all his property to his son.
He sustained an injury which will take a month to heal completely.
He consumed all his income on drinking.
He was covered with bruises.
He was covered all over with white paint.
He is attention itself.
He gave body and soul to his job.
He was covered with mud from head to foot.
He was an example of a popular athlete in his days.
He went heart and soul into the work.
He didn't explain it at all.
He doesn't watch television at all.
He didn't speak to me at all.
He is anything but honest.
He never seems to grow older.
He didn't study at all.
He headed for the door at full speed.
He drove his sport car at full speed.
He ran as fast as his legs could carry him.
He tried with all his might to lift the box.
He was driving the car at full speed.
He ran at full speed.
He used all his strength to crawl out of the wrecked car.
He gives work all he's got, and gets more work done than anybody else.
He did his best only to fail again.
He did his best to rescue her.
He betrayed his country.
He is burning with love of his country.
He was educated by her grandfather.
He is the picture of his grandfather.
He is afraid of his grandfather.
He adores his grandfather.
He resembles his grandfather.
He was brought up by her grandmother.
He is content with the simple life.
He seems rough, but at heart he is very gentle.
He's misunderstood because of his vulgar language.
He was suspended from school for a week for bad conduct.
He can bend an iron rod with his hands.
He acquired French quickly.
He got up quickly, splashed cold water on his face, brushed his teeth, and shaved.
He frankly pointed out my faults.
He became a nice young man.
He was dropped because of his running mate.
He has poor ability to organize.
He tried to appeal.
He practices austerities almost like a monk.
He is barren of creative spirit.
He watched the horse racing through his binoculars.
He attracted votes away from both candidates.
He is working as a security guard at a warehouse.
He has a rich imagination.
He used to be an imaginative boy.
He is very proud of his skill as a pilot.
He was granted permission to go home early.
He was granted permission to leave early.
He does not get up early.
He did not get up early.
He left early; otherwise he could not have caught the train.
He advised an early start.
He went to bed early but did not go to sleep until almost 2 in the morning.
He went to bed early.
He started to go to bed early.
He arrived too early.
He was impatient to see his daughter.
He wakes up early.
He promised me to come early.
He makes nothing of getting up early in the morning.
He tried to get up early.
He is used to getting up early.
He makes a habit of waking up early.
He believed in getting up early in the morning.
He is a fast speaker.
He is in the habit of keeping early hours.
He kept early hours.
He makes it a habit to keep good hours.
He received a tremendous punch on the jaw from his opponent.
He joined the opposing team.
I find a good rival in him.
He had a slight edge on his opponent.
He knocked his opponent out.
He got the better of his opponent.
He has nobody to consult.
He has a fairly large fortune.
He has accumulated quite a collection of books.
He is as talkative as ever.
He is his usual self.
He still kept on smoking.
He is as lazy as ever.
He works as hard as ever, but he remains poor.
They work as hard as ever.
He's a crybaby, just like always.
He looks as young as ever.
He is as kind as ever.
He is as poor as ever.
He always remained poor.
He looks as poor as ever.
He is as busy as ever.
He seems as busy as ever.
He watched the Sumo wrestling with folded arms.
He is a little light for a sumo wrestler.
He was looking out the window.
He went out the window.
He hammered at the window.
He slept with the window open.
He tried to open the window.
He denies having broken the window.
He kept all the windows open.
He kept the window closed.
He firmly refused the Premier's earnest request.
He aspired to the position of Prime Minister.
I believe him to be intelligent.
For all his cleverness, he is always reluctant to give his views.
He was lying on the grass.
He lay down on the grass and went to sleep.
He lay down on the grass.
He did run.
He's run off ten pounds.
He ran to school, arriving in time.
He came running into the room.
He came running.
He ran and ran, but could not catch up with his dog.
He bettered the world record in the high jump.
He began running.
When he finished running, he was happy.
He began to run.
He ran on and on, until he was completely exhausted.
He has given up running in order to focus on the long jump.
He does run.
He cannot walk, let alone run.
He can run so fast!
He is a fast runner.
He was running and calling for help.
He is at the head of runners.
He glanced at the noisy child with a sour expression.
The noise distracted him from studying.
He was awoken by the noise.
He heard the noise.
He clinched the election when he came out against a tax increase.
You can't hate the guy.
He accumulated his library.
He disdained bribery.
He paid me cash down.
He retorted immediately.
He consented on the spot.
He put emphasis on the necessity for immediate action.
He made a splendid off-the-cuff speech.
He won an immediate response.
He spoke for ten minutes without a pause.
He lay breathing very feebly.
He arrived at the station out of breath.
He held his breath.
He breathed his last.
He has drawn his last breath.
He was watching the scene with breathless interest.
He watched it holding his breath.
He drew a deep breath.
He was gasping for breath as he ran.
He is breathing hard.
He says his son can count up to 100 now.
He congratulated his son on being a top prizewinner.
He had his son die last year.
He was overjoyed to find out that his son had succeeded.
He died on the day his son arrived.
He is glad about his son's love of books.
He behaved badly to his sons.
He gave money to each of his sons.
He flew a kite with his son.
He told his son an interesting story.
He bought his son a camera.
He has transmitted all his knowledge to his son.
He has transferred all his knowledge to his son.
He set his son up as a baker.
He encouraged his son to study harder.
He tried to wean his son from his bad habit.
He made his son a chair.
He left his son a fortune.
He taught his son how to swim.
He was in a hurry to see his son.
He was impatient to see his son.
He has decided to turn over his business to his son.
He kept it secret that he had bought a bicycle for his son.
He seems disappointed with his son.
He wants to equip his son with a good education.
He built his son a new house.
He must buy a new bicycle for his son.
He was bereaved of his son.
He bequeathed a considerable fortune to his son.
He left his son a large fortune.
He equipped his son with the will to persevere.
He left a large fortune to his son.
He was angry with his son.
He made a model airplane for his son.
He tried to break his son's habit of smoking.
He shook his son by the shoulder.
He pulled his son by the ear.
He is very much concerned about the future of his son.
He had the gratification of seeing his son graduate from collage.
He named his son James.
He made his son a doctor.
He could not send his son to school.
He made his son a wealthy man.
He takes pride in his son.
He bound his son to a tailor.
He prides himself on his son.
He established his son in trade.
He has a deep affection for his son.
He recognized his son as lawful heir.
He made his son a teacher.
He walked the streets looking for his son.
He admonished his son for being lazy.
He was out of shape when he took a long hike with his sons, and he was stiff and sore the next day.
He told his sons to help each other after his death.
He settled his property on his sons.
He was out of breath.
He was out of breath. He had been running.
He was unsteady on his feet.
He is a quick walker.
He doesn't have his feet on the ground.
He is slow of foot.
He kicked the ball with his foot.
He touched the water with his foot.
He felt something crawl up his leg.
When he broke his leg, he had to use crutches for 3 months.
He dragged his feet.
He broke his leg, but looked none the worse for it.
He was crying with pain when he broke his leg.
He sat there with his legs crossed.
He sat there with his legs closed.
He sat with his legs crossed.
He sat silently with his legs crossed.
He apologized to me for stepping on my foot.
He sprained his ankle.
He went off in a hurry.
He walked at a quick pace.
He can swim fast.
He made up for lost time by running fast.
He is too fat to run fast.
He can run fast.
He is so old that he cannot walk quickly.
He hit a speed ball with his bat.
He was charged with speeding.
He applied himself to his study, without thought for his normal life.
After graduation he will engage himself in study.
He is happiest when he is with his grandchildren.
He dotes on his grandson.
He sat surrounded by his grandchildren.
He will make amends for the damage.
He estimated the loss at five million yen.
He suffered great losses.
He resigned from the job to take the responsibility for the loss.
He is regarded as the best doctor in the village.
He is known to the villagers for his diligence.
He worked as hard as any man in the village.
He asked the first person he met near the village.
He went fishing in a river near the village.
He bent his steps toward the village.
He is said to have been the richest man in the village.
He doesn't mingle with the villagers.
He is known to everyone in the village.
He left his poorly paid job for greener pastures elsewhere.
How else can he act?
He is taller than any other boy.
He worships money to exclusion of everything else.
He is imitative of other artists.
He is far in advance of the other students.
He is a teacher apart from the rest.
He is preoccupied with something else.
He's got more books than all the others put together.
He should be given preference over the others.
He is working hard to catch up with the others.
He was punished as a warning to other students.
Along with thousands of others, he fled the country.
He worked as hard as anybody else.
He is better than anyone else.
He stood out from the rest of the boys.
He was the scorn of the other boys.
He is on another line.
He promised not to tell.
It is not in his nature to be hard on other people.
He told me to be kind to others.
He has little feeling for others.
He is above finding fault with others.
He makes it a rule never to speak ill of others.
He drew on others for help.
He is not the sort of man who counts on others for help.
He pays no attention to others' feelings.
He says what he thinks regardless of other people's feelings.
He behaved himself so as not to give offence to others.
He is chary of offending people.
He is indifferent to the suffering of others.
He invades the privacy of others.
He is apt to ridicule others.
He has a faculty for making other people happy.
He is above deceiving others.
He can dish it out, but he can't take it.
He has not more than a hundred novels.
He has no more than five English books.
A lot of troubles preyed upon his mind.
He was exposed to many dangers.
He embarked on his marriage with many hopes and fears.
He threw away a bunch of old letters.
He was elected as chairman from among many candidates.
He succeeded in the face of many difficulties.
He overcame many difficulties.
He has overcome many obstacles.
He is endowed with many talents.
He had to undergo many trials.
He devoted much time to study.
He received a lot of praise.
He did the work in spite of many obstacles.
He is confronted by many difficulties.
He likes playing soccer with a lot of people watching.
He is well spoken of by many people.
He asked the same question of many people.
He is great in many ways.
He is superior to me in many respects.
He is different from the people around him.
He had to spend many barren days.
He devoted himself to many cultural activities.
He broke through many problems easily.
He is not a man to deal with a lot of problems.
He deposited a lot of money in the bank.
He bestowed a large amount of money on the institute.
He has run up large debts.
He has a lot of hobbies.
He was somewhat excited.
He understands her problems more or less.
He has some knowledge of editing.
He has written a number of exciting detective stories.
He traveled with a large escort.
He carried on business for many years.
He will probably fail.
He is not likely to succeed.
He could be in the gymnasium.
He was busy, and yet he came to help us.
He was so busy that he sent his son instead of going himself.
He had to master a lot of new information and spend some of his own time in different parts of the country.
He has a thick neck.
His voice is thin even though he is fat.
He was large, not to say fat.
He's on a diet because he is a little overweight.
He has twice flown the Pacific.
He failed in the attempt to sail across the Pacific Ocean.
He is Taro's brother.
He is more famous than Taro.
He is busier than Taro.
He made a motion that we stop and rest awhile.
He has a high batting average.
He had taken care of himself.
He is in good physical condition.
He stretched and took a deep breath.
He seemed worried about his health.
His body was shaking in anger.
In washing himself, he started on the legs.
He did not walk into the gym.
He's well built.
He is two hundred pounds in weight.
He is putting on weight.
He tried to reduce his weight.
He was wet all over.
He exhausted all his energy.
He deliberately kept on provoking a confrontation.
He could no longer wait and so went home.
He's sitting in the waiting room.
He looked around the waiting room.
He regretted having been idle.
He idles away the time.
He is inclined to be lazy.
He is a lazy fellow.
He was dismissed on the grounds that he was lazy.
He was dismissed of the grounds that he was idle.
He's not lazy. On the contrary, I think he's a hard worker.
He's too lazy to apply himself to anything.
He was fired on the grounds that he was lazy.
He is very hard on lazy people.
He regrets having been lazy.
He was lazy and irresponsible. Thus, he was told to leave the company.
He is a lazy student.
He is coarse in manner.
He carries a bag on his back.
He resigned himself to spending a boring evening.
He took to fishing after retirement.
He took up gardening after he retired.
I guessed that he was an ex-serviceman.
He ran the risk of being caught and imprisoned.
He proposed an alternate plan.
He's running for Congress.
He was found lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.
He yawned widely.
He exerted himself and made his way in life.
He is going to be a doctor when he grows up.
He grew up to be a very reliable man.
He grew up to be a college football player.
He took a deep breath and tried to put his uneasiness to rest.
He yawned heavily.
He satisfied his thirst with a large glass of beer.
He landed a big trout.
He has a lot of ideas about running foreign workers.
He possessed a large house and two cars.
He came bearing a large bunch of flowers.
He was taken on by a large firm as a clerk.
He succeeded in the face of great danger.
He has some grave defects, but I think he is a great scholar all the same.
He succeeded in the face of great difficulties.
He works in a big city hospital.
He arrived in a big car.
He is laboring under a great error.
He was holding a large box in his arms.
He banged a big book on the desk.
I don't think much of him as a musician.
He's not much as a singer.
He may just be ahead of his time.
He'll never amount to much.
He is not much of a companion for his wife.
He has great enthusiasm for golf.
He has great enthusiasm.
He called together everyone who was a captain and above.
He has a large family.
He worked hard to support a large family.
He works hard to support his large family.
He had to feed his large family.
He decided to major in medicine in college.
He majored in drama at college.
He studied economics at college.
He majored in Japanese literature at the university.
He decided to specialize in physics at college.
He is studying law at the university.
He studies history at college.
He's studying history at university.
He studied hard so that he might enter the university.
It is necessary that he should go to college.
He could not go to college.
He's saving up to go to college.
I wish he had gone on to university.
He studied hard in order to get into college.
He was admitted to college.
He is doing well in his college work.
He depends on his parents for his university fees.
He found a good room with board near his college campus.
He was admitted to the college.
He is reluctant to go to the college.
He entered the business world instead of going on to college.
He is fresh from college.
He gathered men fresh from college and new to the business.
He is fresh from college, so he has no experience.
He has been devoted to the study of atomic energy ever since he graduated from the university.
He married directly after he left the university.
He returned to Japan after graduating from college.
He had graduated from the university and was always showing off.
After he had graduated from the university, he taught English for two years.
He continued his studies at graduate school.
He won't go on to graduate school.
He advocates reform in university education.
He is not so much a professor as a school teacher.
He lived in Kyoto in his college days.
He was encouraged by a professor from his college days.
He has lived off his parents for ten years since he graduated from college.
He became a cameraman after he graduated from college.
He addressed a large audience.
He's a late bloomer.
He was banished to an island for high treason.
He left the office in great haste.
He put a large amount of money into the industry.
He invested a lot of money in stocks.
He got a lot of money.
He acquired a large fortune.
He is in the money.
It is said that he is a millionaire.
He is a dramatist.
He is a good carpenter.
He advanced to colonel.
He carries on a small business in Osaka.
He chose to live in Tokyo instead of Osaka.
He deals antiques in Osaka.
He was born in Osaka.
He left Tokyo for Osaka.
He went to Osaka, where he put up at a hotel.
He transferred his office to Osaka.
He lives in a small town near Osaka.
He is from Osaka, as is shown by his accent.
He ranges with the great writers.
He couldn't possibly part with his beloved dog.
He accomplished the great undertaking at last.
He drinks like a fish.
He asked the general to take back his order.
He is a big eater.
He made his way to the minister.
He is just a minion of the minister.
He resigned from the Cabinet.
He wants to be a tennis player when he grows up.
He will be a doctor when he grows up.
He is approaching manhood.
He makes a fool of adults.
He was surrounded by a crowd of pressmen.
He is a great politician, and, what is more, a good scholar.
He shouted defiance at me.
He called out for help.
He laughed loudly, which behavior seemed inappropriate.
He went to Osaka on important business.
He came in spite of the heavy snow.
He was appointed Minister of Finance.
He dissented from the opinion of the majority.
He is about your age.
He gave a party on a large scale.
He says daring things.
He made bold to speak to the King.
He has a store on the main road.
He was placed in a key position by the president.
He is close to the president.
He was inaugurated as President.
He was elected president.
He will be named for President.
He wants to run for President.
He is going to run for the Presidency.
He visited Japan in the character of President.
Ought he to be forced out of the presidency?
He resigned as president.
He's working on the president's security detail.
He was nominated for the presidency.
He visited Japan while he was President.
He made a hard run of the presidency.
He chose not to run for the presidential election.
He is a man of great wealth.
He is a big shot.
He married a very pretty girl.
He felt very lonely.
He appears to have been a great sportsman.
He won first prize as a result of his great effort.
He surmounted the obstacles with great effort.
He was a man of great ambition.
He was too sleepy to read an evening paper.
He is such a lazy fellow.
He is a man of considerable influence.
He was very excited.
He is a most important person.
He is so honest that everybody trusts him.
He is such an honest boy that he never tells a lie.
He ran too fast for me to keep up with him.
He came to school very late.
He was very puzzled.
He was patience itself.
He seems to be very sleepy.
He is a very nice student.
He had ambition.
He carved marble into a statue.
He consumes an enormous amount of liquor.
He was thought to have been killed in the Second World War.
He was a hero of the African campaign in World War II.
He threw away the race after rounding the third turn.
He was knocked out by a punch in the first round.
He was a general in the Second World War.
He made many costly purchases.
He's good at flying kites.
He escaped from prison.
He schemed to evade tax.
He was accused of evading tax.
He was arrested on charges of tax evasion.
Each time he escaped, he returned to this region.
He ran like a scared rabbit.
He took the heavy box down from the shelf.
He got the book down from the shelf.
He hit his head on the shelf.
He crowded the books into the shelves.
He made it clear who had said such a thing.
He'll make someone clean the room.
He is only someone's stooge.
He is ready to learn anything from anybody.
He is a scientist who is respected by everybody.
He was looking around as if he was expecting someone.
He will not get the job without someone to back him up.
He can make friends with anybody soon.
He is very slow at making friends with anybody.
Who is he talking to?
He's nice to everybody.
He makes himself agreeable to everybody.
He was very friendly to everybody.
He promised me that he won't tell anybody.
He left the office without saying a word to anyone.
He didn't see anybody.
He went out of the room without being noticed by anyone.
He stole out of the house without anyone seeing him.
He is popular with everybody.
He is known to everyone.
He wouldn't let anybody interfere with his private affairs.
He is as honest a lad as any.
He is second to none.
He is as diligent as any man alive.
He is as hardworking as any.
Who does he look like?
He is free and open with everybody.
He is humble towards everyone.
He will not listen to any of us; you might as well talk to a figure of stone.
Who is he like?
He is as wise as any.
He is nothing but a fool.
He is nothing more than an egoist.
He did it simply out of curiosity.
He said it merely as a joke.
I could tell he was only pretending to read.
He could put together words from his word list, or spell out words letter by letter.
He is absorbed in reading a detective story.
He is absorbed in reading detective novels.
He gave a short talk.
He resumed his work after a short break.
He died after a brief illness.
He is quick of temper.
He was wounded by a bullet.
He is anything but that.
He entered my room without permission.
"No", he said in a decided tone.
He was so adamant in his refusal.
He gave a firm refusal.
He has a warm heart.
He sawed logs for the fireplace.
He even suspected that the man was the principal offender.
He saw to it that both boys were well provided for.
He ordered the boys not to shout in the classroom.
He was bought up by his strong willed sister.
He is a man of male courage.
He behaved himself like a man.
If he had known about it, he would have come.
The news made them happy.
He had no sooner heard the news than he began to cry.
He pretended to be ignorant.
What he lacked in wit, he made up for in energy.
He is the governor's longtime companion.
He has experience as well as knowledge.
He is acquisitive of knowledge.
He has a well of knowledge.
He has character as well as knowledge.
He tried to parade his knowledge.
He likes to posture as an intellectual.
He is in a rage to know.
He is a man of intellect.
In intelligence he is second to none.
He is not equal to her in intelligence.
He enjoys his position.
He is a mere nobody.
He was suspected of underground action.
He believed that the earth was round.
He said that the earth goes round the sun.
He is the book critic for the local newspaper.
He is ready for an earthquake.
He vividly depicted the confusion following the earthquake.
He drove over a land mine and his jeep blew up.
He likes geography and history.
He blushed with shame.
He looked down in shame.
I like him all the better for his shyness.
He's shy, and never speaks unless spoken to. You have to talk to him.
He is too shy to bare his heart to her.
He could not do so for shame.
He turned red with shame.
He hung his head in shame.
He saved a child from drowning in a pond.
He called me from across the pond.
He was contemplating the water of the pond.
He suffered a fatal wound.
He is late. Let's wait for him till 5:30.
He'll make a good lawyer sooner or later.
He will tell everything to me sooner or later.
He is sure to become the President sooner or later.
He will regret it sooner or later.
He will come sooner or later.
He will fall ill sooner or later.
He will come back sooner or later.
He promised me to come by five at the latest.
He is to come here by six at the latest.
He will be back by Monday at the latest.
He made many excuses for being late.
He stayed late and worked overtime.
He was at work till late at night.
He got up late, so that he missed the bus.
He sent word that he'd be delayed.
He made an apology to us for being late.
He managed to get there in time.
He took a taxi to get there in time.
He left early in order not to be late.
He's afraid that he might be late.
He forgot to say he would be late, and to make matters worse, the traffic was bad.
He's desperately trying to make up for the delay.
He is apt to be late.
He being late, we started without him.
He called in to say that he'd be late.
He was always in hot water with his teachers for being late.
I suppose he will be late.
He excused himself for being late.
He invented an excuse for being late.
He has brown eyes.
He dashed the cup on the floor.
He is particular about how he dresses.
He was walking up the hill at a steady pace.
He dropped out when he was in the 7th grade.
He was surprised to hear a cry from within.
He liked history among others.
He stood up to go inside.
He walked back and forth in front of the door, hesitating to enter.
He's back from his travels in Central Asia.
He asked if I like Chinese food.
He entered junior high school.
He did nothing but read novels in his junior high school days.
He deals in used cars.
He should have bought a used car.
He has just bought a used car.
He had come back from China.
He wrote a book on China.
He is an authority on China.
He wrote a lot of books on China.
He is eager to go to China.
He is familiar with what is going on in China.
He is fluent in Chinese.
He speaks Chinese very well.
He can speak Chinese a little.
He turned back halfway.
He is man of moderate views.
He comes from the middle class.
He matched his gait to his companion's.
He wants to make up and you should meet him halfway.
He faithfully discharged his duty.
He had to work hard day and night.
He goes to a part-time high school every evening in addition to the work he does during the day.
He did not appear until about noon.
Did he have sandwiches for lunch?
He smoked a cigar after lunch.
He hit on the answer to the problem as he was having lunch.
He began to eat lunch.
He resumed reading after lunch.
He won't be home at lunch time.
He tried to make up for his lack of sleep by taking a nap.
He sleeps by day and works by night.
He leaned against the pillar and gazed at the Statue of Liberty.
He bumped his head against a post.
He blamed his son for being careless.
He discharged his duties with care.
He turned his mind to it.
He is the magnet of attention.
He was appointed ambassador to Britain.
They fined him 5,000 yen for illegal parking.
He was fined for illegal parking.
He has just been appointed the U.S. Ambassador to Japan.
He was accredited to the United States to represent Japan.
He was closely occupied with his writing.
He set as his goal, the deposit of three million yen.
He put her savings to good use.
He added to his savings.
He was as still as a statue.
He was given ten years and his wife three.
He works a lot from morning till night.
He carried on working from morning till night.
He works on the farm from morning till night.
He does nothing but complain from morning till night.
He worked from morning till evening.
He set out at four in the morning.
He is a bit of a grouch in the morning.
He didn't show up at the breakfast.
He used to have bread for breakfast.
He came down to breakfast.
He began to eat his breakfast.
He had a shower before breakfast.
He took a walk before breakfast.
He is in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He makes it a rule to drink a glass of water before breakfast.
He got up late and was late for school.
He did not get up early in the morning.
He's used to getting up early in the morning.
He started early in the morning.
He came early in the morning.
He tried to swim against the tide.
He seized an opportunity to speak.
He runs a supermarket in the town.
He has a good reputation as a doctor in the town.
He is known to everyone in the town.
He lives in the western part of town.
He was acquainted with everybody in town.
He is richer than anyone else in the town.
He showed me around the city.
I heard that he left town and moved east.
He is supposed to be the best doctor in the town.
He is the talk of the town.
He is known to all the people in the town.
He addressed the audience in a soft tone.
He addressed the audience in a soft voice.
He knows a lot about butterflies.
He is out of tune.
He sang off key.
He believes in the supernatural.
He kept me waiting for a long time.
He was kept waiting for a long time.
He was silent for quite a while.
He has not eaten a decent meal in a long time.
He stayed at the hotel for a long time.
He hit on the plan after long meditation.
He was waiting for a long time.
He gazed at the ceiling for a long time.
He has not written to them for a long time.
He was poor for a long time, but he is well off now.
He will stay here for a long period.
He was tired from his long walk.
He has suffered through a long period of illness.
He's writing a long letter.
He has been sick for a long time.
He cut a poor figure after his long illness.
He was engaged in a long argument.
He made a long stay in London.
Though he long dominated the steel industry, he never achieved a complete monopoly.
He can't stay long.
He must be very tired after a long walk.
He drew out his speech.
He was born in Nagasaki.
He lives in Nagasaki.
He made nothing of working for a long time.
He seemed to have been working for a long time.
He was a tall man.
He'll not live to make old bones.
He's been having trouble with back pain for years.
He got his present position by virtue of his long experience.
He has carried on his business as a builder for many years.
He wears his hair long.
He is from some small town in Nagano.
He rapidly ascended to the top.
He opened the cages.
He opened the cage and set the birds free.
He likes to watch the birds fly above his head.
He studied the flight of birds.
He shot at the bird, but missed it.
He soon recovered from the shock.
He ordered me to leave the room at once.
He lost no time answering the letter.
By intuition he knew she was lying.
He's the deep brooding type.
He was, which was rare for him, in a bad temper.
He hit on a rare old book.
He drew a bead on a stag at bay.
He gave a loud cry with pain.
He was in pain.
He yelled with pain.
He was painfully thin.
He had his sore arm dressed.
He nodded to me as he passed.
He was picked up by a passing ship.
He cleared the street of chestnuts.
He bowed to me as he passed by.
He gave a momentary glance to the passers by.
He was robbed of his money on the street.
He picked up something white on the street.
He always speaks to me when he meets me on the street.
He blushed when the girls whistled at him in the street.
He was driving a car along the street.
He was standing at the street corner.
He walked across the street.
He was nearly hit by the car while crossing the street.
He walked back and forth on the street.
He walked along the street.
He paid double the usual fare.
He managed to cure himself of his habit of nibbling his nails.
He is fond of fishing.
He loves fishing.
He cast his line into the lake.
He put live bait on a hook.
He didn't see the stop sign and almost hit the child crossing the street.
He failed to come on time.
He served without any serious errors until he reached retirement age.
He's an absolute fool.
He has taken to gardening.
He grew potatoes in his garden.
He found a ball in the garden.
He likes to work in the garden.
He dug a hole in the garden.
He had his brother help him with the gardening.
He likes taking care of the garden.
He cut down a tree in his garden.
He walked across the garden.
He has a fear that his brother will fail.
He was mistaken for his younger brother.
He looked young beside his brother.
He asked his brother to execute his will.
She helped her brother out with his picture.
He patted his brother on the shoulder.
He knocked his brother about.
He was proud of his brother.
He just brushed aside any objections to the proposal.
He did well to accept the offer.
He is a good loser.
He was covered with mud.
He is a thief.
He is alleged to have been a thief.
He denied that he was the thief.
He stood face to face with his enemy.
He was badly treated at the hands of his enemies.
He repented having betrayed his country to the enemy.
He yielded the castle to the enemy.
He surprised his opponent.
He did his best to overcome his enemy.
He got even his opponents to agree to the new economic plan.
He darted a spear at his enemy.
He hit the mark.
He drinks a moderate amount of coffee.
He is a thorough-going egoist.
He tried to study all night, but in vain.
He thinks nothing of staying up all night.
He pried open the locked door with a crowbar.
He was killed in a railroad accident.
He dashed out like a bullet.
He seems to be a typical American boy.
He's a typical workaholic.
He lived in a typical Japanese-style house.
He is a typical Japanese.
He got assistance from above.
He hung a lamp from the ceiling.
He wasn't tall enough to get at the ceiling.
He is such a tall man that he can touch the ceiling.
He bumped his head against the ceiling.
He looked up at the ceiling.
He painted the ceiling blue.
He took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall.
He may be a genius.
He is a genius.
It is no exaggeration to say that he is a genius.
It may safely be said that he is a genius.
He is said to be a genius.
He is not so much a genius as a hard worker.
He was reputed to be a genius.
He is far from a genius.
He is no less than a genius.
He studies astronomy, or the science of stars.
He was a great authority on astronomy, or the science of the heavenly bodies.
It seems that he is interested in astronomy.
He is an expert in astronomy.
He dashed out of the store.
He sold his goods at a sacrifice to close down his business.
He disappeared into a dark corner at the back of the shop.
He put a Closed sign on the front door of the store.
He bought out a business.
He handed the salesclerk the money.
He scraped his knee in a fall.
He got hurt when he fell down.
He fell, twisting his ankle.
He fell and hit his head on the floor.
He is so much the worse for a change of air.
He moved from place to place.
He had to commit the whole message to memory.
He lives all by himself in the country.
He is leading an easy life in the country.
He led a very peaceful life in the country.
He lived a rich and comfortable life in the country.
He dwells in the country.
He has an estate in the country.
He has begun to enjoy country life.
He took his way to the country.
He wandered about the country.
He goes to sleep with the lights left on.
He likes to take electric devices apart.
He entered the college to study electronics.
He made room for an old man in the train.
He is apt to leave his umbrella on the train.
He may have missed the train.
I fear that he may be late for the train.
He jumped on the train.
He trod on my foot on purpose in the train.
He may have taken the wrong train.
He took the wrong train by mistake.
He forgot to turn off the light.
He wanted to buy an electric typewriter but his friend talked him into buying a word processor.
He turns off the lights so as not to waste electricity.
He let me know it by telephone.
When he first heard her lovely voice over the phone, he fell head over heels for her.
He's talking on the telephone.
He said he would give me a call, but he hasn't yet.
He went home as soon as he got the phone call.
He hung up.
He'll come on foot or by bicycle.
He found it impossible to go there on foot.
He saw the accident on the way to school.
He's accustomed to climbing mountains.
He is a fine type of mountain climber.
He gambled and broke even.
He ate up his fortune by gambling.
He cleaned out his saving on betting.
He kept standing all the way.
He is bound to drop in on us on his way.
He may have met with an accident on the way.
He may have met with an accident on his way.
He avoided meeting her on the way.
He's never quite adjusted to the pace of the city.
He'd love to live in the city.
He prefers the country to the town.
For all his city ways, he is a country boy at heart.
He is longing for city life.
He stressed the convenient aspects of city life.
He is an expert in the area of city planning.
He was zealous in satisfying his employer.
He failed due to lack of effort.
With all his efforts, he couldn't succeed.
His efforts were attended with success.
He has made a fortune through hard work.
He succeeded by dint of effort.
He succeeded by virtue of his efforts.
He failed in his business in spite of his efforts.
He spared no efforts.
He mustered up his courage to talk to a foreigner.
He often comes late.
He sold all his land.
He holds a lot of land.
He wants to dispose of his land.
He distributed his land among his sons.
He doesn't go to the office on Saturday.
He reached Kyoto on Saturday.
He guaranteed his slaves' freedom.
He has the habit of standing up when he is angry.
He came out with an angry face.
He was angry, but he listened to me patiently.
In spite of his anger, he listened to me patiently.
His blood is up.
I fancied that he was angry.
I think he is angry.
He tried to soothe the angry man.
He banged the door in anger.
He angrily rattled the locked door.
He gave an angry shake of his head.
He got angry and told off his servant.
He was provoked into hitting her.
He got out of the room in anger.
He ran out of the room in anger.
He snarled out his anger.
He was prone to anger.
He was beside himself with rage.
He was wild with anger.
He stood up with his hands trembling in a rage.
He was burning with his anger.
He swallowed his anger and went on working.
He tried to hold back his anger.
He forbore his anger.
He tried to restrain his anger.
He couldn't check his anger.
He could not control his anger.
He advanced on me fiercely.
I thought he would be angry but, to my surprise, he smiled.
He uses foul language whenever he gets angry.
He always yells at me when he is angry.
He's liable to shout when angry.
He is liable to shout when angry.
He should be angry.
He looked black with anger.
He hurt his knee when he fell.
He hurt his left foot when he fell.
He was pinned down by a fallen tree.
He is one of the up and coming young men of the party.
He took the leadership of the party.
He was constituted representative of the party.
He tried to reform the party from within.
He longed for the winter to be over.
He was the first man to climb Mt. Fuji in winter.
He was sick through the winter.
He went skiing during the winter.
He was frozen to death.
He lost the greater part of his fortune in speculation.
He started from Tokyo to Paris.
He carried on business for ten years in Tokyo.
He is in Tokyo.
He is longing to see my family in Tokyo.
He has been in Tokyo for a year.
He moved to Tokyo.
He likes to live in Tokyo.
He keeps a store in Tokyo.
He is at home with the geography of Tokyo.
He was familiar with the roads of Tokyo.
He visited me every time he came up to Tokyo.
He left Tokyo for Europe.
He left Tokyo for Kyoto.
He went to the Tokyo station by taxi.
He lives in the suburbs of Tokyo.
He applied for a job with the Bank of Tokyo.
He took the express for Tokyo.
He graduated from Tokyo University.
He was transferred to the head office in Tokyo.
He is proud of having graduated from Tokyo University.
He has studied the cultures of Eastern Countries.
He was interested in the mysteries of the Orient.
He is something of an expert on oriental art.
He was surprised to find his stolen bag.
He recovered his stolen wallet.
He is the last man to steal.
He was fired for stealing.
He is guilty of stealing.
He is capable of stealing.
He was detected in the very act of stealing.
He descended to stealing.
He isn't the kind of person who steals.
He reported having seen the stolen car.
He did his duty as a matter of course.
I believe that he's trustworthy.
He cannot be relied on.
He blotted the good reputation of our school.
He was regarded as the greatest writer of the day.
He seems to have been rich in those days.
He is said to have been the richest man in town at that time.
It was said that he had been sick in hospital then.
He said that he would be elected and that he would become governor.
He is in a fair way to being elected.
He took his own medicine.
I took it for granted that he would stand by me.
I took it for granted that he would keep his word.
He has few friends here except you.
He is to stay here for a fortnight.
He rented the garment for the day.
For the time being, he's staying at a neighboring hotel.
He is living with his friend for the time being.
He looked bewildered.
He frowned in puzzlement.
He felt lost and uncomfortable.
He answered, No.
He asked an awkward question.
He was reluctant to answer.
He hesitated before answering.
He handed in his paper.
He was watchful for any sign of diabetes.
He had no sooner arrived than he was asked to leave.
As soon as he arrived, he demanded a meal.
He was not able to join in the discussion.
He was desperate to escape.
He had scarcely escaped when he was recaptured.
He looked for every possible means of escape.
He had no choice but to run away.
He had no other resource but to run away.
He attempted to escape.
He has a good brain.
He is bright, but he is not honest.
He's intelligent, but I still don't like him.
He is thick-headed.
He is sharp-witted.
He is not witty or bright.
He is not in his right mind.
He is bright, and what is more, he is polite.
He is an armchair theorist.
He was wounded in the head.
He looked at her from head to foot.
He is an intelligent boy.
He stared at me from head to foot.
He has a nimble mind.
Bright as he is, he is slow in giving his opinions.
He is clever, but on the other hand he often makes careless mistakes.
He has the habit of scratching his head.
He fetched a few cushions to prop up her head.
He held his head straight.
He was dazed by a blow to the head.
He hit his head against a rock.
He banged his head against a shelf and got a big lump.
His head ached.
He is suffering from a headache.
He couldn't apply himself to his studies because of a headache.
He wanted to see a bullfight, but his father wouldn't let him go.
He is possessed of a strong fighting instinct.
He often indulges in drinking when he should be working.
He saves what he earns.
He not only does not work but will not find a job.
He doesn't work, but only thinks of sponging off his relatives.
He worked so hard that eventually he made himself ill.
He worked so hard that he ruined his health.
He worked too hard, and became sick.
He ruined his health by working too hard.
Overworking was the death of him.
He worked and worked until he fell ill.
He can die from overwork.
He is a work horse.
He is in the prime of life.
He has ceased from work.
He holds a very enlightened attitude toward working women.
He is ready to work.
He is not so old that he cannot work.
He moves quickly.
He couldn't move and had to call for help.
He was unable to move.
He is awkward in his movements.
He is slow in action.
He loves animals.
He knows a lot about animals.
He knows a lot about wild animals.
He kept on writing stories about animals.
He said the same thing over and over again.
He repeated the same mistake.
He keeps telling the same jokes over and over again.
He nodded as much as to say, I agree.
He smiled to express his agreement.
He stands out among the painters of his time.
He was destined to become a simultaneous interpreter.
He is a member of the board of the company.
He enjoys considerable standing among his peers.
He seems to have a habit of getting on his coworker's back when he makes a mistake.
He is subject to the criticism of his colleagues.
He is hardly friendly with his fellow workers.
He made the plan along with his colleagues.
He planned the project along with his colleagues.
He is popular among his colleagues.
He carries himself regally.
He was wounded in the body.
He picked up cans in the street.
He encountered a friend on the road.
He may have lost his way.
He lives just across the road.
He was used as a tool.
He was standing at the side of the road.
He lapsed morally.
He was lacking in moral fiber.
He crossed the street.
He was crossing the street.
He anonymously donated a large sum of money to the Red Cross.
He has an optimistic turn of mind.
He is a man of virtue.
He is seriously competing with her in the polling score.
He shows partiality to no one in particular.
He abused the privilege.
He must have abused the privilege.
He was sent abroad as a correspondent.
He never drinks save on special occasions.
He was sent on a special mission to Europe.
He killed himself by taking poison.
He talked to himself.
He taught himself French.
He built the house for himself.
He was opposed to monopolies.
He has a lot of original ideas.
He is above all others in originality.
He is a man of individual humor.
He made a speech using his unique tone of voice.
He was put in a cell.
He set himself up in life.
He went into business on his own account.
He finished the work for himself.
He found out the answers for himself.
He studied on his own account.
He has too many books.
He can read and write.
He has more books than he can read.
He wants a book to read.
He can't read it.
He says that he will lend me the book when he is done with it.
He derived much pleasure from books.
He was tired from reading.
He was completely engrossed in the book.
He got tired of reading.
He devoted himself to reading books.
He strained his eyes by reading too much.
He complains of not having enough time to read.
He sat reading, with his wife knitting a pair of gloves beside him.
He suffers from sudden fits of coughing.
He came to suddenly.
He suddenly rose from the chair.
He was seized with sudden chest pains.
He suddenly cut into our conversation.
He made an abrupt departure.
He died quite suddenly of heart failure.
He suddenly took a liking to detective stories.
He gave up traveling abroad because of his sudden illness.
He passed away quite suddenly.
He suddenly came out with the truth.
He got up suddenly and walked out of the room.
He ceased talking suddenly.
He fell into the bottomless pit.
He went to, where he heard the news.
His modesty prevented him from making his feelings known to her.
His shyness made public speaking a torment to him.
He is introverted.
He was curious to see the inside.
He is a lion at home and a mouse outside.
He says he'll blow the story open.
He was tied to the tree with a rope.
He explored the region around the South Pole.
He must be from the South.
He wrote a book about the American Civil War.
He had a hard look on his face.
He took on the difficult work.
He found the school without difficulty.
He donated $10000 to the refugee fund.
He is faced with a difficult problem.
He'll cope with difficult problems.
He likes to work out the difficult questions.
He solved the difficult problem.
He makes a point of writing to his parents once every two months.
He combined two ideas into one.
He is trying to maintain two jobs.
He is thinking it over.
He said two or three words and left.
He's observed on the relationship between the two countries.
He came about two.
He has been studying for two hours.
He has been teaching for 20 years.
He has a dual personality.
He has no less than two thousand yen with him.
He was never to come here.
He never referred to the incident again.
He will never visit the town again.
He made a firm resolution never to repeat it.
He never said it again.
He was warned not to be late for school again.
He was never to come back to his hometown.
He was destined never to see his wife again.
He can't use a gun again.
He has promised never to be late again.
He was never to see her again.
He did his best never to think of her.
He was never to return from the trip.
He entered the university after failing the examination twice.
He took office two years ago.
He went to London two years ago.
He paid double fare.
He put his eldest daughter in charge of his second restaurant.
He is nothing but a minor artist.
He is nothing but a minor composer.
He cut off a slice of meat.
He bit off the meat.
He cut up the meat and weighed it.
He set up as a butcher.
He had to contend against physical suffering.
He has endured physical and mental pain.
He suits a ballplayer mentally, too, physically, too.
He arrived there after dark.
He never goes out after dark.
He attained the top of the mountain before dark.
He is getting better day by day.
He earns no less than three hundred dollars a day.
He prays several times a day.
He studies ten hours a day on average.
He studied ten hours a day on average.
He went on a one-day trip.
He told his diary that she had come to see him.
He keeps a diary.
He was employed by the day.
He is of Japanese ancestry.
He rose from day laborer to governor.
He saturated himself with sunshine.
He decided not to use much energy in his daily life.
He is a famous composer.
He is one of the most famous singers in Japan.
He is also very famous in Japan.
Is he loved in Japan?
He is one of the greatest scientists in Japan.
He hopes to exhibit his paintings in Japan.
He's a famous popular singer in Japan.
He doesn't know a lot about Japan.
He doesn't know much about Japan.
He went back to Japan.
The longer he stays in Japan, the better his Japanese gets.
He is an Edison in Japan.
I thought that he knew everything about Japan.
He has been regarded as Japan's answer to Picasso.
He has a good acquaintance with Japanese theater.
He is one of the greatest artists in Japan.
He is quite ignorant of things Japanese.
He wrote on the social evolution of Japan.
He has a good knowledge of Japanese religion.
He translated a Japanese novel into French.
He is a Japanese boy.
He has a good knowledge of the internal affairs of Japan.
He is familiar with Japanese culture.
He compiled a Japanese folklore anthology for use in schools.
He is very much interested in Japanese history.
He is very much interested in Japanese history. We are surprised at his vast knowledge of the subject.
He left Japan for America.
He left Japan never to come back.
He went to India by way of Japan.
He represented Japan at a conference.
He was greatly instrumental in making Japan understood.
Can he speak Japanese?
He can speak both Japanese and English with facility.
He's very much interested in the Japanese language.
He has only a superficial knowledge of Japanese.
He teaches them how to speak Japanese.
He speaks Japanese very well.
He is staying here with a view to learning Japanese.
He always wanted to study Japanese.
He is able to speak Japanese.
He got well acquainted with the history of Japan.
He is one of the business leaders in Japan.
He is not Japanese.
He has a Japanese car.
He went about from town to town while he was in Japan.
He appreciates Japanese culture.
He's a student of Japanese literature.
He worked day and night and overworked himself.
He has been ill ever since Sunday.
He had to work even on Sunday.
He rarely stays home on Sunday.
He works every day but Sunday.
As a do-it-yourselfer, he made a doghouse.
He plays golf every Sunday.
He's always at home on Sundays.
He's not always at home on Sundays.
He used to go to the museum on Sunday.
He used to come here for a talk on Sundays.
He used to come to see me on Sunday.
He made a kennel along with his son on Sunday.
He intends to visit the farm on Sunday.
He comes here without fail on Sunday.
He cleaned his room on Sunday.
He works every day save Sundays.
He works every day except Sunday.
He closed the door quietly behind him.
He said he would not come in, but he came in after all.
He was standing at the door.
He took off his cap in front of the entrance.
From the moment he arrived there, he kept on bothering his doctor to tell him when he would be able to go home.
Though he had been in the hospital, he kept up with other students.
He went to see her in hospital every other day.
He visited a sick friend who was in the hospital.
He passed the entrance examination.
He boasted of having passed the entrance exam.
He failed the entrance exam.
He blamed his teacher for his failure in the entrance examination.
He is busy preparing for the entrance examination.
He will sit for the entrance examination.
He's likely to pass the entrance examination.
He couldn't pass the entrance examination.
He is working hard in order to pass the entrance examination.
He had a good look at the papers.
He bathed and dressed.
He accomplished his mission.
He dried his wet clothes by the fire.
He does not like cats.
He took delight in teasing the kitten.
He keeps a cat.
He scalded his tongue with the hot tea.
He sipped the hot coffee slowly.
He burnt his hand on the hot stove.
He couldn't bear the heat.
He is alive with enthusiasm.
He went to Atami for a change of air.
He is working intently.
He studied Japanese eagerly.
He studied hard, which enabled him to pass the exam.
He has to study hard.
He is raising tropical fishes.
He is an ardent music lover.
He complained that his age was beginning to tell on him.
He became wiser as he grew older.
He is too old to walk quickly.
Age deprived him of his sight.
He has good judgement for his age.
He looks quite sophisticated for his age.
He runs well for his age.
He's quite active for his age.
He looks so young for his age that he passes for a college student.
Though he is old, he has a youthful spirit.
Old as he is, he is very healthy and active.
He is old, but he's worn well.
He is old.
He is old, but at all events he works well.
Though he is old, he is very healthy.
Since he is old, this task must be difficult for him.
He is too old to try it.
He is too old.
The older he grew, the more modest he became.
As he grew older, he became gentler.
He could not live out the year.
He grew old.
He is getting old, but he is as healthy as ever.
He has outlived his fame.
He was too old to work any more.
The older he got, the more famous he became.
As he grew older, he became more obstinate.
Though he is old, he is still equal to the task.
He made a show of helping the old man.
Instead of relying on a pension, he resolved to apply for the job.
He was granted a pension.
He says what he has to say unreservedly to his seniors.
He always indulges in smoking.
He waits on an old lady.
He is a tall boy for his years.
He was excused by reason of his age.
He lied about his age.
He acts his age.
He realized his wishes.
He has a spirit of tenacity.
He shaped the statue from clay.
He formed the clay into a bowl.
He hardened clay by putting it into a fire.
He made a clean breast of his troubles to her.
He drank too much strong green tea.
He owned his success to both ability and industry.
He realized a large sum by the sale of the plantation.
He looked into the farmer's smiling red face, "Yes, sir." He said.
He engaged in agriculture.
He is studying agriculture.
He went to a college of agriculture.
He is breeding cattle on his farm.
He is employed on the farm.
He was strong enough to help his father on the farm.
He regretted that he had succeeded to the farm.
He had no money to buy the farm.
He prevailed on the farmers to try the new seeds.
It is rumored that he gone bankrupt.
He is bankrupt.
He fell off the horse.
He got in the boat with the horse.
He jumped his horse over the fence.
He likes to get on the horse and go out.
He looks like a horse.
He handles horses well.
He is a good judge of horses.
He was tying his horse to the fence.
He walked his horse to the gate.
He raises horses and cattle.
He urged his horse along.
He likes all animals except horses.
He is not stupid.
He is no fool.
He is an actor.
He ought to have been an actor.
He has a great admiration for actor Olivier.
He hid in an abandoned building.
He is tall, but his brother is much taller.
You can easily identify him because he is very tall.
He is tall, and she is tall too.
Is he tall?
He is tall, fat and always busy.
He is tall and lean.
He is tall and strong.
He is a tall and strongly built man.
He is too tall to stand straight in this room.
He is short, but he is strong.
He is too short to get at the book on the shelf.
He was too short to get at the grapes.
He would call to his horse as he climbed into his seat.
He stopped a tall man and asked him the way to the record shop.
He is short, but good at basketball.
He is short, but strong.
He bent his back.
He stood with his back to the wall.
He can swim on his back.
He was sitting up straight.
He bit off more than he could chew.
He felt a pain in his back.
He has a habit of scratching his back and biting his nails.
He died of lung cancer.
He was operated on for lung cancer.
He's got lung cancer.
He is very ill with pneumonia.
He is afraid of getting lung cancer.
He promised to sell.
His doctoral thesis must be submitted to the professor by the end of the month.
He asked me the way to the museum.
He received much applause.
He will avenge the people on their oppressor.
He inherited of a great fortune.
He is possessed of a great fortune.
He will come into a large fortune.
He put some coins in the box.
He discovered how to open the box.
He emptied the box of its contents.
He carried the box upstairs.
He is a friendly person.
He put on his undershirt inside out.
He's everybody's friend.
He watched for an opportunity to speak.
He fired but missed.
He is beginning to lose his hair.
He had his hair cut short.
He wept tearing his hair.
It cost him 3,000 yen to get a haircut.
He had his hair cut.
He has long hair and wears jeans.
He was rightly punished.
He will be punished.
He didn't like to be punished.
He was decreed to pay the fine.
He tiptoed into the room.
He forestalled everybody in accomplishing.
He has eyes at the back of his head.
He is more lucky than clever.
He is out and away the best jockey.
He is as grave as a judge.
He is accurate in his judgement.
He erred in his judgement.
He lacks judgement.
He walked two miles in half an hour.
He is paralyzed down one side.
He dropped out half way into the race.
He is intolerant of opposition.
He was tempted to retort, but thought better of it.
He drove a nail into the board.
He upped one end of the plank.
He realized the magnitude of his crime.
He repented and confessed his crime.
He was believed to have committed the crime.
It seems that he has been at the scene of the crime.
He is a partner in crime.
He answers to the description of the criminal.
He acquired education late in his life.
He was accompanied by his wife at the dinner party.
He devoted the last years of his life to writing his autobiography.
He behaved in a cheap manner.
He was denounced as a coward.
Is this picture of his own painting?
He is no less wise than his brother is.
He always takes advantage of the mistakes made by his rivals.
He helps whoever asks him to help.
He made the most of his opportunity.
I believed him to be in good health.
He made up his mind to keep his plan secret.
He is addressed as "Doctor" in his laboratory.
He is content with his present state.
He showed me the manuscript of his new play.
He fell out with his wife.
He started his job in his early forties.
He was one of the famous men of letters in his era.
He showed his photograph album to me.
He was profuse in his praise of his teacher.
He congratulates himself on his foresight.
He had to part with his secretary because she got married.
He succeeded to his father's property.
He succeeded to his father's estate.
He resembles his father in his way of talking.
He is less impatient than his father.
He is playing in his room.
He went to meet Pizzaro and twenty of his men.
He was happy to realize his dream.
He rescued the little girl at the cost of his life.
He is looked up to by his friends.
He maintained that his theory was true of this case.
He applied his theory to his case.
He is sensible of the danger of his position.
He was proud of his punctuality.
He tried to borrow a large sum of money from them in vain.
He thought of them yearning for fame.
He made a clean break with them.
He made a bargain with them about the furniture.
He was made to tell them everything.
He refused to give them the information.
He proposed that they stay at that inn.
He was very kind to them.
He said he would give a helping hand to them.
He hid in the bushes so that they would not see him.
He stressed that they must arrive punctually.
He tried to convince them of his innocence in vain.
He tried in vain to convince them of his innocence.
He ordered them to release the prisoners.
He supplied food and money to them.
He provided them with food.
He taught them how to sail ships.
He is respected by them.
He conceived a deep hatred for them.
He avenged his friend on them.
He tried to put an end to their quarrel.
He is the only child they have.
He was incensed by their lack of incentives.
He was looked up to as their leader.
He denied knowing anything of their plan.
He contemplated their plan.
He tried in vain to put an end to their heated discussion.
He had to submit himself to their decision.
He was jealous of their happiness.
He said that their principal would go there the next day.
He is furious at what they have done to him.
He was respected as their teacher.
He is looked up to as their leader.
He is displeased with their way of reception.
He did not accept their invitation.
He will reconcile their dispute.
He was angered by the murder of their comrades.
He turned a deaf ear to their complaints.
He turned a deaf ear to their request.
He is the oldest of them all.
He is cleverer than they are.
He kept an eye on them.
He will not help them, nor will I.
He admonished them for being noisy.
He was persuaded into doing it against his own wishes.
He accused her of having lied to him.
He is anxious for her to come.
He wondered why she did that.
He wondered why she did not come.
He waited until she came.
He regretted borrowing the book from her.
He angrily tore up the letter from her.
He accepted her gift.
He extorted a large amount of money from her.
He would wait for hours for her call.
He got no answer from her.
He regretted having borrowed that book from her.
He stood aloof from her.
He is bound to her.
He knew that she had been ill in bed for a week.
He does not seem to be able to catch on to what she is saying.
He yearned for her to come home.
He paid no attention to what she said.
He affirmed the truth of her statement.
He came to like her.
He blamed her for imagining that she was sick.
He watched her making a doll.
He was irritated by her delay.
He knew she had been busy since morning.
He resented that she was dating his brother.
He didn't tell the truth for fear she should get angry.
He noticed her embarrassment.
He had a notion that she was very angry with him.
He stepped aside for her to enter the room.
He convinced us of her innocence.
He had a good time talking with her.
He wants to go out with her.
He stays in touch with her.
He announced his engagement to her.
He shook hands with her and smiled.
He went along with her.
He is distantly related to her.
He knows better than to argue with her.
He made it plain that he wanted to marry her.
He thought better of marrying her.
He decided to marry her.
He made up his mind to marry her.
He intended to marry her.
He persisted in marrying her.
He knows better than to marry her.
He promised to marry her.
He was unable to completely give up on his hopes of marrying her.
He is on friendly terms with her.
He is a distant relation of hers.
He is close with her.
He denied having met her last week.
He came to terms with her.
He was not able to marry her.
He made a bet with her.
He is as tall as her.
He is as tall as she.
He is no less diligent than she.
He can't swim like she can.
He couldn't bear to be apart from her.
He fell in love with her.
He suggested to her that she should buy it.
He asked her to call him later.
He asked her where her mother was.
He said that he had met her a week before.
He was determined never to meet her again.
He would not speak to her again.
He asked her if she was Jane.
He isn't good enough for her.
He asked her some questions.
He asked her to stay, but she didn't want to.
He bothered her with questions.
He was asked to give her some money.
He gave her a considerable sum of money.
He stole a kiss from her.
He ran past without noticing her.
He is deeply attached to her.
He bought her a sweater.
He was shown the photo by her.
It was she who made him do it.
He bought her some chocolates.
He took back what he had said about her.
He is particularly kind to her.
He asked her where she lived.
He will make her a good husband.
He is very friendly to her.
He asked her why she was crying.
He went to the length of saying that he would never speak to her again.
He forgot buying a present for her.
He's deeply attached to her.
He was urgent in insisting that she call the doctor.
He gave her a piece of advice.
I remember seeing her once.
He called her every other day.
He advised her to stop drinking.
He bade her adieu forever.
He whispered something to her.
He picked flowers for her.
He was all eagerness to see her.
His one thought is to see her.
He denied having met her.
He said that he had met her, which was a lie.
He couldn't convince her of her mistake.
He shouted to her to be careful.
"Val!" he shouted when he recognized her.
He drew up to her.
He went up to her and they shook hands.
He required her to explain how she spent money.
He told her that she was right.
He asked her to marry him and she accepted his proposal.
He asked her to marry him, but she refused.
He asked her to marry him, and she accepted.
He asked her to marry him, which proposal she refused.
He bought her a dog.
He knows her by sight.
He made advances to her.
He didn't offer thanks for the good harvest.
He gave her an engagement ring last night.
He waits on her.
He gave her a piece of paper.
He acquainted her with his plan.
He asked her if she knew him.
He gave her a warning against driving too fast.
He neglected to write her.
He said to her under his breath, "I love you."
He said to her under his breath.
He made her a new coat.
Is he nice to her?
He is not kind to her.
He didn't press her for an explanation.
He gave her a nice present.
He was humiliated by her.
He apologized to her for being late.
He urged her to drive carefully.
He wrote her a long letter, which he didn't mail.
He walked as fast as he could to catch up with her.
He pointed out some spelling errors to her.
He was to have called her up, but he forgot.
He meets his girlfriend Saturdays.
He revealed the secret to her.
He made her clean the room.
He bought a dress for her.
He took offence at her.
He is prejudiced against her.
He dropped her a line.
He gave her a book.
He made her a bookshelf.
He gave her a fond look.
He is not less diligent than she.
He nodded to her to come along.
He is no less qualified for the job than she is.
He is in love with her.
He is in love with her, but he tries to conceal his feelings.
He is good at imitating her Irish accent.
He grasped her meaning clearly.
He acts very shy in her presence.
He was deceived by her apparent friendliness.
He selected a Christmas gift for her.
He is in a rage with her.
He can't take his eyes off her.
He lay awake for hours thinking about her.
He went so far as to say that she was stupid.
He was impatient with her unfriendly attitude.
He seated himself beside her.
He is anxious for her news.
He kissed her on the cheek.
He tried to kill himself because he lost her love.
He gained her affections.
He was overwhelmed by the intensity of her love.
He won her affection.
He tried to gain her affection.
He adopted her idea.
He cursed her fate.
He cried in admiration of her performance.
He walked to and fro in front of her house.
He was afraid that he might hurt her feelings.
He trampled on her feelings.
He kept his eyes fixed on her face.
He stared her in the face.
He tried to attract her attention.
He stood close to her and tried to protect her from the typhoon.
He longed for her talented skills.
He is anxious about her health.
He put a hand gently on her shoulder.
He touched her on the shoulder.
He put his arm around her shoulders.
She has him wrapped around her finger.
He was angry at what she said.
He concentrated his attention on what she said.
He got angry with me.
He was angry at her words.
He took her remarks as flattery.
He could not help getting angry at her words.
He crossed her old telephone number off.
He besought her to favor him.
He did all he could to win her favor.
He put his arm around her waist.
He is jealous of her talent.
He stole money from her wallet.
He was ready to help her with dish-washing.
He is holding up her work.
He intruded on her privacy.
He's not serious about her at all - he's just playing with her.
He got away with her watch.
He scolded her for her weakness.
He took her by the hand.
He carried her luggage to the train.
He ripped up all her letters and photos.
He was not at all surprised at her ability.
He said that if he knew her address, he would write to her.
He ran up to her.
He ignored her advice.
He was attracted by her smile.
He didn't get her joke.
He could not help laughing at her jokes.
He was very hurt by her cruel words.
He responded to her offer with a laugh.
He traded on her kindness.
He made nothing of her success.
He rejoiced at her success.
He expressed his belief in her honesty.
He was envious of her way of living.
He detected in her voice a note of apprehension.
He put on airs in her presence.
He was cowed by her intelligence.
He spoke well of her son.
He collapsed at her feet.
He held her by the sleeve.
He was conscious of her presence.
He was the agent of her despair.
He is impatient for her arrival.
He yielded to her ardent wishes.
He sank the knife into her back.
He was curious to know her secret.
He betrayed her secret to his friends.
He is enamored of her beauty.
He praised her beauty and her singing.
He referred to your illness.
He chided her for her unfaithfulness.
He turned out her father.
He walked up to her.
He was married to her sister.
He fell captive to her charms.
He is displeased at her rude behavior.
He was deceived by her innocent appearance.
He held her daughter dear.
He glanced at her name tag.
Her name was often on his lips.
He said so to her face.
He looked her right in the eye.
He looked into her eyes and suddenly went away.
He told her firmly to realize how serious her condition was.
He made no mention of her request.
He flatly refused her requests for help.
He took her by the upper parts of her arms.
He sat next to her.
He doubted the truth of her story.
He did not like her manner of speech.
He caught her by the arm.
He seized her hand and dragged her away.
He doesn't have so many books as she.
He is older than she is by three years.
He is beneath her in rank.
He has her on a pedestal.
He browbeat her into accepting it.
He scolded her.
He held her tightly.
He fixed his eyes on her.
He cheated her into believing it was true.
He deceived her into buying a precious jewel.
He tricked her into agreeing to his proposal.
He glanced at her.
He thought her very charming.
He took her out for a drive.
He ran across the street, leaving her alone.
He called her bad names.
He handed her up into the bus.
He swindled her.
He boosted her into the job.
He loves her. She loves him, too.
He loves her, but she doesn't like him.
He lured her with trinkets.
He set her mind at rest.
He tried to comfort her, but she kept crying.
Does he need to help her?
He slapped her.
He went so far as to hit her.
He invited her to go to the concert.
He characterized her as lively.
He risked his life to save her.
He went to the airport to see her off.
He made her happy.
He made her his wife.
He made her his secretary.
He helps her.
He did his best to help her.
He loves her dearly.
He reasoned her into believing what he said.
He tried to persuade her.
He tried to persuade her in vain.
He will be waiting for her.
He proposed asking her to lunch.
He engaged her as an interpreter.
He said nothing that would make her angry.
He apologized for having offended her.
He went so far as to call her a fool.
He insulted her. That is why she got angry.
He suddenly tightened his arm around her.
He could not but admire her.
He brought her to our place.
He took her aside and told her the news.
He deceived her, but even now she loves him.
He grumbled about the way they treated him.
He died a sad death.
He has a wistful look on his face.
He walked away with a sad look on his face.
He answered with a sad air.
He was beside himself with grief.
His heart is broken.
He has a tendency to be pessimistic.
His cup of misery was full.
He abandoned himself to grief.
He was heartbroken and hanged himself.
He was blind with sorrow.
He cried out and ran away.
He is sensitive to criticism.
He knows that his critics are waiting to pounce on any slip that he makes.
He is very sensitive to criticism.
He was too tired to walk any more.
He is too tired to go any farther.
He is too tired to study.
He leaned against the wall as he was tired.
He rested his tired limbs.
He was tired, and yet he went to help them.
He carried on with his work although he was tired.
Tired as he was, he went on working.
Although he was tired, he would not stop working.
He was tired but worked.
Tired as he was, he went to bed early.
As he was tired, he was lying on the sofa with his eyes closed.
Since he was tired, he turned in earlier than usual.
He is tired, and so am I.
He looks tired.
He seems tired.
He has given out.
He laid bare his secret feelings.
He had to part with his secretary when she got married.
He had his secretary make another copy.
He had his secretary translate the letter into English.
He had his secretary type letter.
He let his secretary go.
He dismissed his secretary, who was very idle.
He is the last person to give away the secret.
He tried to keep the secret back from us.
He found out the secret.
He had kept the secret to himself.
He knows the secret.
He didn't reveal his secret.
He is overweight.
He was well built, if not fat as such.
He exaggerates the harm done.
He left cost out of account.
He showed courage in the face of great danger.
He glared at me fiercely.
He was so confused that his answer did not make any sense.
He is such a tidy person. Every pot and pan is in its place.
He worked so hard that he succeeded.
He has increased his proficiency in English greatly.
He is very learned.
He is very strong--so much so that no one can defeat him.
He is too wise not to know that.
He is a very important person.
He achieved great success in life.
He is all nerves.
He is a very decent fellow.
He was too feeble to do manual labor.
His honesty was such that he was respected by everybody.
He is so honest that he is trusted by everyone.
So fast did he run that they couldn't catch up with him.
He was greatly respected; while his son was as much despised.
He spends a great deal of money on books.
He was so angry, he was red in the face.
He is active although he is very old.
He was very old and ill.
He is extremely pessimistic and has no aspirations.
He was so tired that he laid himself on the grass.
He likes a most beautiful flower.
He sang the song with great expression.
He is said to be very poor.
He is such a careless boy that he makes mistakes very often.
He is such a careless boy that he often makes mistakes.
He catches cold very easily.
He told his stories in a very unusual way.
He is a very forgetful fellow.
He was greatly praised, while I was as much scolded.
He pushed the emergency button.
He lacks common sense.
He stood tall even under criticism.
He is endowed with unusual ability in mathematics.
He jumped on.
He nods and shakes the spheres.
He likes travelling abroad by air.
He hates air travel.
He flew to Paris.
He flew from London to Paris.
He went from Tokyo to Osaka by plane.
He doesn't like traveling by air.
He objected to traveling by plane.
He lived in the days when air travel was considered dangerous.
He may have missed the plane.
He looked back at me before he went on board the plane.
He bought a plane ticket.
He survived the crash, only to die in the desert.
He survived the plane crash.
He was killed in an airplane accident.
He likes air travel.
He disguised his sorrow with a smile.
He smiled and left.
He hid his sadness behind a smile.
He smiled and said goodbye.
He frowned and turned away.
He had a good fortune to marry a beautiful girl.
She has a beautiful voice.
Love for art carried him abroad.
He has a fine library of books on art.
He was tired from walking round museums.
He teaches arts and crafts in a school.
His nose is his best feature.
His nose bled.
He decided to play it safe and pull out of the tournament due to his injured knee.
He was knee deep in mud.
He never fails to come here at three.
He makes a point of taking the eight o'clock bus.
He is bound to solve this question.
He will never fail to carry out the project.
He never fails to write to his parents once a month.
He never fails write to his parents once a month.
He is sure to come to see us.
He will scold us no matter what.
He is sure to pass the exam.
It is certain that he'll win the game.
He'll be sure to get on in life.
He will succeed without fail.
He always took a seat in the front row.
He is a natural to win the Presidency.
He never fails to give her a birthday present.
He is sure to accomplish his purpose.
He never failed to keep his promise.
He can not fail to keep his promise.
He was always true to his promises.
He never fails to keep his word with his friends.
He ran for his life.
He had complete mastery over the necessary mathematics formula.
He said that necessity is the mother of invention.
He asked me for more money than was necessary.
He has more money than is needed.
He earns his bread by writing.
He is a good correspondent.
He made believe that he was a millionaire.
He slipped on the ice.
He fell down on the ice and broke his arm.
He fell down on the ice and hurt his leg.
He made a house on the ice.
He filed the surface smooth.
He appears sly on the surface.
He has a good reputation.
He is a man of good reputation.
He became more and more famous as a critic.
He regained consciousness in the hospital.
He wants to work in a hospital.
He's in charge of administration at the hospital.
Hardly had he arrived at the hospital when he breathed his last.
He built hospitals and helped the people of Africa improve their lives.
I'm afraid he is ill.
It is said that he is sick.
He was sick, so he did not go out.
He may have been ill.
He must have been ill.
He went to work in spite of his illness.
He was ill, so he lay in bed all day long.
He was ill, and so they were quiet.
He was ill, so he couldn't come.
He couldn't come because he was sick.
He was absent from school because he was sick.
He seems to have been ill.
I hear he is ill.
He said he was sick, which was a lie.
It seemed that he had been ill.
He is ill. That is why he is not here.
He seems to be ill.
He has been confined to his bed with illness.
I suspect he is ill.
He is confined to his house by illness.
He was absent from school on account of illness.
He is absent because of illness.
He remains sick in bed.
He may be sick in bed.
I am told that he is ill in bed.
It's a pity that he should be ill in bed.
He was wasted away by illness.
He could not come on account of his illness.
He cannot come, he is ill.
He quit the company on the grounds that he was ill.
He resigned on the grounds that he was ill.
He thinks nothing of his illness.
It is probable that he is ill.
He is sick and should be treated as such.
I wonder if he's really sick.
He's pale because he's sick.
He was absent because of illness.
He was taken ill.
He fell ill, and therefore he gave up going abroad.
He looks as if he is going to be ill.
He is afraid of becoming sick.
He attended the meeting in spite of illness.
He must be sick; he looks pale.
He could not attend the party because of illness.
He could not go on the hike because he was ill.
He was absent from school because of illness.
He could not join us because he was ill.
He could not take examination on account of his illness.
Illness prevented him from doing his work.
He could not come because he was ill.
On account of illness he absented himself from school.
He was absent owing to illness.
He resigned his post on account of illness.
He cannot be ill.
It looks as if he were sick.
It seemed that he was sick.
He showed great courage during his illness.
He comes to see his sick friend day after day.
He seems ill.
He is suffering from an aggravated disease.
He seemed to have been ill.
He's still in poor health after his illness.
He resigned on the grounds of ill health.
He is handicapped by poor health.
I am concerned about his poor health.
He acted as if he were ill.
He watched with the patient.
He is a common sort of man.
He went to the beach, and looked far across the sea toward the horizon.
He is poor, but he is in high spirits.
He's poor, but he's honest.
Poor as he is, he is happy.
He is not ashamed of being poor.
Poverty drove him to steal.
He was poor and could not buy it.
He is poor, it appears.
He was a poor musician.
He was born so poor that he received hardly any school education.
He held out a helping hand to the poor.
He has done many things for poor people.
He was born of poor parents.
Though he was poor, he was happy.
Though he was poor, he was nonetheless happy.
Poor as he was, he couldn't go to college.
He could not send his son to college because of poverty.
He was poor and lived in a small cabin.
He is poor and could not buy a coat.
He concealed his poverty from my eyes.
He doesn't know what it is to be poor.
He is poor, but he never complains.
He is poor, but he doesn't care about money.
He is poor, but honest.
He was happy, poor as he was.
He had no choice but to give up school because of poverty.
He is poor but is too proud to ask for help.
He didn't like being poor.
He ascribes his poverty to bad luck.
He was in the grip of poverty.
He passed the test in the face of poverty.
He is as poor as can be.
He remained a poor man.
He is man who I think has never known poverty.
He knows quite well what it is like to be poor.
He does not know what it is to be poor.
He thinks nothing of poverty.
He contributed much money to relieving the poor.
He shifted about uneasily in his chair.
He looked around uneasily.
He felt ill at ease.
He felt uneasy.
He tried to banish his anxiety.
He had an unpleasant screechy voice.
He used chopsticks in an awkward way.
He seems to be all thumbs.
He complained that he was unfairly treated.
He complained of having been treated unfairly.
He lived an unhappy life.
He had the misfortune to lose his son.
His misfortune gained him sympathy.
He was in the depth of misery.
He is the last man to commit an irregularity.
He likes strange animals, things like snakes, for example.
He has an incurable disease.
He contracted an incurable disease.
He commented on his unsuccessful business negotiation.
He dedicated his life to fighting corruption.
He has a bad reputation of being dishonest.
He reproached me for carelessness.
He drove carelessly and had an accident.
He makes careless mistakes, and does so frequently.
He was so careless as to leave the door open.
He was careless as to leave the door open.
He carelessly forgot the camera in the bus.
He was so careless as to take the wrong train.
His carelessness cost him a broken leg.
He made a mistake through carelessness.
As a result of his carelessness, he made a serious blunder.
He made over the estate to his children.
He bargained with the house agent for a lower price.
He is an evil man.
He pouted with dissatisfaction.
He complains, and with reason.
He is subject to insomnia.
He finished his work without sleep or rest.
He got a shameful title.
He was crowned with eternal victory.
He dwelt on an unpleasant subject for two hours.
He neglected his health and now he's sick in bed.
He died an unnatural death.
He fell into bad company.
He is hard to get along with.
He is not very good company.
He was sitting on the quay.
His wife had him wrapped around her little finger.
He helped the lady into the car.
He approached her in the disguise of a policewoman.
He was interested in only the pursuit of wealth.
He has accumulated wealth.
He equates wealth with happiness.
He heaped up a fortune.
He tried to accumulate wealth.
He gave me a stern look.
He behaved like he was afraid.
He is afraid to fly in an airplane.
He's getting cold feet.
He has three dependents to support.
He's just an ordinary office worker.
He is nothing but an ordinary man.
His strength is much greater than that of an ordinary man.
He's just an ordinary man.
He usually uses credit cards instead of cash.
He looks gloomy.
He can't even float let alone swim.
He was cheating.
He is under fire for his affair.
He took over the business from his father.
He wasted that which he had received from his father.
He is proud that his father was a great scientist.
He got over the shock of his father's death.
He was surprised his father had sold the farm.
He is not as tall as his father.
He is the picture of his father.
He disagreed with his father.
He has just as many books as his father does.
He asked his father to take him to the store.
He finally talked his father into buying a new car.
He is not less clever than his father.
He is no less wise than his father.
He will live up to his father's expectations.
He gave up going abroad to study because of his father's sudden death.
He went there as his father told him.
He avenged the murder of his father.
He wants to take over his father's business.
He avenged his father's death.
He cared for his mother after his father died.
He keeps quiet so that he won't disturb his father.
He didn't help his father.
He went there instead of his father.
He made little of his father's advice.
He is inclined to make light of his father's advice.
He has some share of his father's genius.
He helps out in his father's store.
He is far taller than his father is.
He found it difficult to please his father.
He has a hatred for his father.
He respects his father.
He felt sad because he lost his father.
He has lost the watch given by his father.
He is proud of his father being rich.
He found his father lying in the kitchen.
He said his father was ill, which was a lie.
He is ashamed of his father being poor.
Everyone says that he is the very image of his father.
He couldn't make good a promise between his father.
He has as many books as his father does.
He can ski as skillfully as his father.
He did business in the same manner as his father did.
He closely resembles his father.
He is not equal to his father.
He is not less clever than his father is.
He has never been scolded by his father.
Do you think he resembles his father?
I think he takes after his father.
He begged his father to buy him a bicycle.
He is the very image of his father.
He was impertinent to his father.
He resembles his father very much.
He is no less clever than his father is.
He avenged his father.
He never takes any notice of what his father says.
He played the guitar very well in his father's presence.
He got the job by virtue of his father's connections.
He went abroad soon after his father.
He has taken charge of his father's company.
He acquiesced in his father's decision.
He took over his father's business.
He must succeed to his father's business.
He took charge of the family business after his father died.
He went not to help his father but to borrow money from him.
He can't say anything to his father's face.
He was substituted for his father.
He substituted for his father.
He succeeded to his father's large property.
He ignored his father's advice.
He was the instrument of his father's crimes.
He is concerned about his father's illness.
He was named Robert after his father.
He followed in his father's footsteps.
He is more human in thinking than his father.
He is in constant dread of his father.
He takes after his father.
He took his defeat hard.
He admitted himself defeated.
He didn't acknowledge defeat.
He pulled the wounded soldier to the nearby bush.
In spite of being insulted, he managed to keep his temper.
He got angry at being insulted.
He was subjected to insult.
He played "Hamlet" on the stage.
He acted on the stage.
He has made a fine comeback on the stage.
He died of a heart attack on the stage.
He is standing on the stage.
He was left alone in the center of the stage.
He gave a ball.
He carried the chairs out of the room.
He went out of the room.
He came out of the room.
He was made to go out of the room.
He bolted out of the room.
He complains of the room being so small.
He complained of the room being too small.
He complained about the room being too hot and humid.
He said he did not enter the room, which was a lie.
He forced his way into the room.
He ran into the room.
He entered the room.
He came into the room.
He spoke to whoever came into the room.
He hates cleaning his room.
He had to clean his room.
He stood up in the room and looked around.
He walked up and down the room.
He walked back and forth in the room.
He kept walking up and down the room.
He set things in order in his room.
He shares a room.
He looked around the room.
He put his room in order.
He ordered me to clean the room.
He keeps the room to himself.
He keeps his room clean.
He made himself heard across the room.
He jumped about the room.
He walked in front of his men.
He led his men and horses over snowy mountains and down into hot valleys.
He growled out orders to his subordinates.
He is popular with his men.
He has no authority over his staff members.
He damned his men right and left.
He detected his men's misconduct.
He opened the envelope only to be disappointed.
He ripped the envelope open.
He sat for a long time, listening to the sound of the wind.
He must have gotten over his cold.
He never takes medicine for his cold.
He is under the care of the doctor with a cold.
He is suffering from a cold.
He was in bed with a cold.
He came down with a cold.
He is said to have a cold.
I should say he has caught cold.
He is apt to catch cold.
He seems to have caught a cold.
Though he had a cold, he went to work.
He seems like he's got a few screws loose.
He refrained from taking a bath.
He took a hot bath and turned on the TV.
He took full advantage of the wrapper.
He was driven by revenge.
He revenged himself.
He gets his way by throwing his weight around.
He is a man of wide experience.
He jumped into the water clothes and all.
He gave his coat a brush.
He took off his clothes and put on his pajamas.
The tidiness of his clothes always impressed me.
He is untidily dressed.
He is careless about his clothes.
He is indifferent to what he wears.
He despised those who lived on welfare.
He works at the welfare office.
He once belonged to the Fukuda faction.
He eats till he is full.
He told me that he was hungry.
He is a thoroughly dishonest character.
It appears to me that he is angry.
His apparent anger proved to be only a joke.
He lost his temper and shouted at me.
He has a black heart.
He looked at her angrily.
He pounded the table in a fit of anger.
He devised a complicated clockwork toy.
He is good at solving complicated mathematical problems.
He was converted from Buddhism to Christianity.
He carved a Buddhist image out of wood.
I account him to be a man of sense.
He is a man of understanding.
He is slow to learn.
He lives by begging.
He is buried in thought.
While he was lost in thought, he heard his name called.
He's been taught to accept things as they are.
He tends to consider things too much earnestly.
He was a quiet fellow and came from a good family.
He came across some old documents in the closet.
He is second to none in physics.
He is completely at home in physics.
He's a teacher of physics, but can also teach math.
He understands physics.
He was trying to make an experiment in physics.
He had a book on physics published.
He is doing physics.
He is a physicist.
He was a little old man with thick glasses.
He has attained to years of discretion.
He has more sense than to say such a foolish thing.
He treated himself to a new car.
He devoted himself to the study of literature.
He learned to appreciate literature.
He went to Italy with a view to studying literature.
He is a man of letters.
He is reading a book of literary criticism.
He is altogether a giant.
He is a real fool.
He is literally stupid.
He is a good writer.
He proved to be a good writer.
He pretended not to be listening.
He walked on tiptoe lest he be heard.
He is a good listener but a poor speaker.
He got out of the trouble by making believe that he couldn't hear.
He is a professor of economics at Hyogo University.
He yelled out an order to the soldiers.
He went to China as a soldier, never to come back.
He is exempt from the military service.
He was subjected to strict military discipline while in the service.
He placed the ladder against the fence.
He threw a ball over the fence.
He climbed over the fence.
He escaped from prison by climbing over a wall.
He has no scruples about lying.
No scruple held him back from making this attempt.
He walks seven miles a day on an average.
He was a man of average height.
He lost his balance and fell off the ladder.
He looked calm, but actually he was very nervous.
He sank the deal without batting an eyelash.
He dedicated his life to peace.
He emphasized the importance of peace.
He tried to bring about peace.
He worked hard to promote peace.
He is a boy of singular intelligence.
He is above the ordinary type of student.
He is a cut above the average college student.
He has an extraordinary faculty for mathematics.
He is good, not to say exceptional.
He grows rice.
He wanted to see his boss in Tokyo before leaving for America.
He acquired American citizenship.
He must be an American.
He is at home in American literature.
He stood on one leg, leaning against the wall.
He was leaning against the wall.
He leaned against the wall.
He pressed his ear against the wall.
He fixed the bookshelf to the wall.
He filled up the hole in the wall.
He drew a straight line on the wall.
He painted all the walls green.
I hear he's just begun looking for another job.
She committed her baby to her divorced husband.
He took his leave and set out in the dark.
He had an odd look on his face.
He had a strange dream.
He has changed.
He held the wheel with one hand and waved to me with the other.
He carries fire in one hand and water in the other.
He stood up with his hat in his hand.
He walked with a limp.
He ducked down on one knee.
He is blind in one eye.
He was declared insolvent.
He was at a loss for an answer.
He is the man you can rely on.
He looked upon any time not spent in study as so much lost time.
He's coming along nicely with his studies.
He failed in the examination because he had not studied.
He likes sports as well as study.
He concentrated on his studies.
He applied himself to his study.
He was too intent on studying to hear my call.
He is diligent in his study.
He wanted to make the most of his chance to learn.
Why should he feel drowsy whenever he begins to study?
He is lazy in his study.
I found him at his books.
He is doing his work.
While he was studying, he fell asleep.
He is diligent in his studies.
He is a lawyer and must be treated as such.
I don't believe he is a lawyer.
He is no good as a lawyer.
He is capable as a lawyer.
He decided to trust the lawyer with the document.
He is studying hard so that he may become a lawyer.
He studied day and night so that he might become a lawyer.
He studied day and night with a view to becoming a lawyer.
He should have been a lawyer.
He clung to the hope that he could be a lawyer.
He decided to be a lawyer.
He let on that he was a lawyer.
He is qualified to be a lawyer.
He trusted his defense attorney.
He has a lunch.
He took a job with an insurance company.
He is an executive in an insurance company.
He received a large sum in insurance benefit.
He is conservative to a degree.
He has remained pro-conservative throughout.
He is in chains.
He was held in captivity.
Does he go to school on foot or by bicycle?
He walks to school.
He walked through the forest.
He whistled as he went along.
He will walk.
He's a quick walker.
He is well off.
He longed for his mother.
He has to support his mother and his sister.
He was in a hurry to see his mother.
He was no better than a motherless child.
His mother is worried about him.
He did nothing but weep when he heard of his mother's death.
He flouted his mother's advice.
He never fails to call his mother on her birthday.
He was exiled from his country.
He received a telegram saying that his mother had died.
He was as good a pianist as his mother.
He resembles his mother.
He was scolded by his mother.
He writes letters to his mother.
He showed his mother around the city.
He is anxious about his mother's health.
He rejoiced at his mother's arrival.
He became famous thanks to his mother.
He held a package under his arm.
He was shocked into silence.
He skimmed through the report.
He is busy typing the reports.
He was busy collecting stuff for his report.
He doctored his report.
He had his secretary type the report.
He was given a gold watch as a reward.
He has a sharp eye for jewels.
He is alleged to have stolen the jewelry.
He was accused of stealing the jewels.
He played baseball after school.
He was expelled from school.
His arrogance led to his downfall.
He has no sense of direction.
He pointed out how important it is to observe the law.
He broke the law.
He was accused of having violated the law.
He is an undergraduate in the law department.
He got a master's degree in law.
He was summoned to appear in court.
He keeps to the letter of the law.
He was caught in the clutches of the law.
He wanted to follow law as a career.
He has a disregard for the law.
He made law his life career.
He was trained as a lawyer.
He was no match for a lawyer.
He had worked for the law firm for six years.
He found the evidence that bees can communicate with each other.
Whenever he calls on me, he leaves something behind.
He was rich in experiences.
He brushed his hat.
He kept his hat on.
He stood there with his hat on.
He has a hat on.
He had no hat on.
He went out without a hat.
He ran into the room with his hat and overcoat on.
He thumped his hat flat.
He entered the room with his hat off.
He acknowledged me by raising his hat.
He wore his hat askew.
He took off his hat and made a polite bow.
He went back to get his hat.
He picked up a hat and put it on to see how it would look.
He put a cap on his head.
He is apt to forget.
He was becoming forgetful, which bothered him a lot.
He wrote down my phone number in case he should forget it.
He is wandering around in a trance.
He declined my request, saying that he was busy.
Is he busy?
He said he was busy.
I thought he was busy, but on the contrary he was idle.
In as much as he is busy, he can't meet you.
He is a busy man, so you can only get in touch with him by telephone.
He doesn't see his family in his busy life.
He lived a busy life.
He was busy.
He was busy, but he took the time to show me around the city.
He's too busy.
He was charged with assault and battery.
He was compelled to resort to violence.
He gave up hope.
He will not abandon all hope.
He attained his hopes.
He is capable of deceiving others to get what he wants.
He achieved his desired goal.
He put his eye to a telescope.
He looked at the ship through his telescope.
He was engaged in making a telescope.
He likes adventure.
He felt the lure of adventure.
He went traveling in search of adventure.
He is fond of adventure.
He was full of adventure.
He made his fortune from commerce.
He gave the barking dog a vicious kick.
He has been in Hokkaido before.
He has gone to Hokkaido.
He went skiing in Hokkaido.
He has been to Hokkaido.
He postponed leaving for Hokkaido until next month.
He is not from Hokkaido.
He left on an expedition to the North Pole.
He sprang from one of the best families in the north.
He bet me twenty dollars that I wouldn't do it.
He never takes into account the fact that I am very busy.
He helped me do my homework.
He was angry that I had insulted him.
He's holding the real story back from us.
He objected to our plan.
He introduced me to a pretty girl.
He appointed me to do this task.
I'm sure he is keeping something from me.
I felt as if he shrank from meeting me.
He asked me if I wanted to go abroad.
He leveled his gun at me.
He pressed me for a prompt reply.
He showed me her picture in private.
He showed me her picture.
He cautioned me against being careless of my health.
He sent me a letter of appreciation.
He robbed me of my bag.
He struck me a heavy blow in the face.
He dealt me a blow in the face.
He patted me on the shoulder.
He affected not to hear me.
He was deaf to my pleas.
He cares little for my advice.
He disregarded my advice.
He reluctantly agreed to my proposal.
He hit me on the head.
He looked back at me and grinned.
He is older than I by two years, but less tall than I.
He is much taller than I am.
He has fewer friends than I.
He called me Ichiro.
He came all the way from Nikko to see me off.
He came to see me any time he felt like it.
He is studying to be a minister.
He confessed his sins to the pastor.
He coated the wall with paint.
He is badly off, because his book doesn't sell well.
He is what you might call a bookworm.
He ordered the book from the publisher in the United States.
Does he have many books?
He left the book on the table.
He tore the book apart.
He seldom, if ever, reads a book.
He put aside the book.
He left his books all around the house.
He stuck the book in his bag.
He has a book.
He got out a book and began to read it.
He stretched out his arm to take the book.
He wants to dispose of his books.
He read the book from cover to cover.
He will sit for hours reading books.
He kept reading a book.
He goes to the library to read books.
He likes to read books.
He stopped reading a book.
He does little else than read books.
Is he reading a book?
He approached the boy reading a book.
He dropped in at the bookstore.
He showed what he meant.
He doesn't mean it; he's just acting.
He took the photos in earnest.
He began working in earnest.
He started to study in earnest.
He is by far the best baseball player at our school.
He was reluctant to reveal what he really meant.
He has become expert in hiding his true feeling.
He handed down books from the shelf.
He got down the book from the shelf.
He has a large number of books on his bookshelf.
He put the books on the shelf out of order.
Do you think he will really give up?
He is a nice person.
He's quite a nice fellow but I don't like him.
He does know the fact.
That's really what he ate.
He is very clever indeed.
He plays dirty pool.
He is a really good worker.
He does want to be a wrestler, but he is too thin.
He will be really pleased.
He is really dull to hardship.
He is really a nitpicker.
He lent me the money quite willingly.
He's really in good shape.
He is a very smart boy.
He isn't really sad; he's only acting.
He doesn't seem to know his real self.
He had really come to get gold.
He is buying some wood so that he can make a bookcase.
He is basically a nice man.
He always stands aloof from the masses.
He rises above the rest of mankind.
He hit an easy fly.
He was put under anesthesia.
I hear he is good at mahjong.
He was dropped from the team for using drugs.
He lived in obscurity.
He doesn't have a sister.
He got a cold from his sister.
He made it for his sister.
He made his sister a nice pen tray.
He cut his sister a piece of bread.
He grabbed the chocolate away from his sister.
He gave his blood to help his sister.
He took his sister along.
He earns half a million yen a month.
How much money does he make a month?
He puts aside some money every month.
He puts aside a little money each month.
He never fails to write to his mother every month.
He puts ten dollars aside every week.
He laid aside a few dollars each week.
He reads as many as twenty books every week.
He washes the bike every week.
He never fails to write to his mother every week.
He washes the car every week.
He put aside a few dollars each week.
He never fails to write to her every week.
He reads the paper every morning.
He was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast every morning.
He was in the habit of taking a walk before breakfast.
He said that he gets up at 6 o'clock every day.
He makes it a rule to get up at six every morning.
He never misses reading the papers every day.
He walks his dog every morning.
He went for a swim in the lake every morning.
He walks in the park every morning.
He said that he takes a walk in the park every morning.
He said that he takes a walk every morning.
He makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
He has a walk every morning.
He gets up as early as five every morning.
He would sooner die than get up early every morning.
He shaves with an electric razor every morning.
He has a bath every morning.
He makes it a rule to get up at six every day.
He made up his mind to keep a diary every day.
He makes it a rule to keep a diary every day.
He always makes it a rule to take an hour's walk every day.
He studied for one and a half hours every day.
He drinks a glass of water every morning.
He tests engines every day.
He made a point of reading ten pages every day.
He does not come here every day.
He doesn't come here every day.
He is loafing every day.
He has his trousers pressed every day.
He goes there every day.
He plays tennis every day.
He watches TV every day.
Does he watch television every day?
He called me up almost every day.
He consumed much of each day in idle speculation.
He seems to be oppressed by his monotonous daily life.
He drinks a lot of milk every day.
He goes swimming in the river every day.
Does he study English every day?
He runs to the station every morning.
He makes it a rule to read aloud every day.
He practiced every day at home.
He used to eat out every day, but now he can't afford it.
He has to have his blood pressure taken every day.
He runs in the park every day.
He likes to spend some time in solitude every day.
He carries his umbrella about with him every day.
He said that he takes a walk every day.
He called me day after day.
He reads a novel every day.
He makes it a rule to work in the garden for two hours every day.
He never fails to come to see me every day.
He never fails to write to his mother every day.
He plays baseball every day.
He goes abroad every year.
He goes to Karuizawa every year.
He skis in Hokkaido every winter.
He calls her up every night.
He laid his head on the pillow.
He set out on his travels again.
He is the baby of the family.
He will be remembered always.
He never saves money for a rainy day.
He said that everything would turn out well.
He is careless in everything.
He lifted it up with all his might.
I understand him to be satisfied.
He professed himself satisfied.
He got full marks.
He was all smiles.
He can't do without comics.
He chuckled at the comics.
He does nothing but read comics.
He is absorbed in his manga magazine.
He was absorbed in a manga.
He is quite a character.
He travels about the world gathering facts about little known countries.
He entered the garden secretly.
He has a secret desire to play.
His pulse beats slow.
He looked at me with a strange expression.
He died a soldier's death in the battle in the cause of democracy.
He stands for democracy.
He entered the Democratic Party but soon left it.
He adheres to the Democratic party.
He was bidding for popular support.
His eyes were heavy with sleep.
He is asleep.
He will be sleeping.
He pretended to be sleeping.
He looked asleep, but he was really dead.
While sleeping, he snored loudly.
I fell asleep.
He looked for a place in which to sleep.
He is nothing more than a dreamer.
He is a boy with many dreams.
He was absorbed in reading.
He looked absorbed in reading the article.
He is as poor as a rat.
He is a rude person.
He is reticent and he never speaks unless spoken to.
He is a silent, manly boy.
It is generally believed that he was innocent.
He said he was innocent, but all the same we believed he was guilty.
He is generally believed to have been innocent.
He must be innocent.
He was acquitted.
He is rude, but I love him all the same.
He apologized for his rudeness, but she wouldn't forgive him.
He has rough manners.
He made a rude reply.
He is a man to be reckoned with.
He came home safe.
He arrived safely.
He returned home safely, which pleased his parents.
I believe that he is innocent.
I bet my bottom dollar he is innocent.
It is believed that he was innocent.
They declared that they were innocent.
He is under a false accusation.
He put on an air of innocence.
He ran as a candidate, independent of any party.
He heartlessly deserted his wife.
He quit without notice.
He used her bike without asking permission.
He was absent without leave.
Besides being ignorant, he is too proud.
He pretended ignorance, which made me still more angry.
He gets a kick out of reckless driving.
He was forced to buy stocks.
He made me go against my will.
He was made to do it against his will.
He compelled me to make a speech.
He was forced to work overtime.
He made me sign the paper against my will.
He was coerced into helping the thieves.
He forced her to sit down.
He dared to doubt my sincerity.
He apologized for his rudeness.
He isn't consistent with himself.
The mist prevented him from seeing very far.
He broke down completely on hearing of his daughter's death.
He was shocked to hear that his daughter had shoplifted.
He gave his daughter quite a lot of money.
He bought his daughter a dress.
He sent fruit and vegetables to his daughter.
He bought his daughter a new dress.
He left his daughter a great fortune.
He was angry with his daughter.
He kissed his daughter on the forehead.
He did not consent to his daughter's marriage.
He took offense at his daughter's behavior.
Every month, he saved ten thousand yen out of his income for his daughter.
He loves his daughter, but his wife doesn't.
He married his daughter to a rich man.
He married his daughter to a bank clerk.
He introduced his daughter to me.
He has married his daughter to a young lawyer.
He argued his daughter out of marrying Tom.
He married his daughter to a lawyer.
He is the president in name only.
He is a good doctor.
He presented his card.
He seeks fame and wealth.
He associates only with prestigious people.
He was not anxious for fame.
He sought for his name.
He is thirsty for fame.
He was desperate to defend his reputation.
He is eager for fame.
He is a scholar by name, not in fact.
He was gray, like his name.
He is weak on names.
He is just a Mr Nobody.
He is prime minister in name, but not in reality.
He was born into a noble family.
He ran away for dear life.
He ran away for his life.
His life is in danger.
He saved the child at the risk of his life.
He saved her at the risk of his life.
He rescued the dog at the risk of his own life.
He saved the child at the risk of his own life.
He turned off the light and he went to bed.
He is above suspicion.
He was clearly embarrassed.
He is without doubt one of the most successful businessmen in Japan.
He is admittedly an able leader.
He went home while it was still light.
He is a cheerful boy.
He will reach Kyoto the day after tomorrow.
He began his lecture with the Meiji Restoration.
He'll be busy tomorrow.
I'm sure he will come tomorrow.
He will leave here tomorrow.
He will play soccer tomorrow.
He must go there tomorrow.
He will come to you tomorrow.
He will play tennis tomorrow.
I expect him to come along any day now.
He will be having dinner with her at this time tomorrow.
He is coming to see me tomorrow afternoon.
He may come tomorrow afternoon.
He will be playing tennis tomorrow afternoon.
He is going to leave tomorrow afternoon.
He will be talking with his family at this time tomorrow.
He will be in London at this time tomorrow.
He sent me a letter saying that he'd arrive at ten tomorrow morning.
He will arrive in Paris tomorrow.
He will be at home tomorrow.
He will be free tomorrow.
He will be busy tomorrow.
He probably won't go on the picnic tomorrow. I won't either.
He is leaving for Peru tomorrow, isn't he?
He will end the work by tomorrow.
He will have done his homework by tomorrow.
He comes home from his trip to Europe tomorrow.
He will be able to hand in his report tomorrow.
He parted from me saying that he would see me the next day, but I have not heard from him since.
He is going to go to school tomorrow.
He will be back tomorrow.
He will not be back tomorrow.
He will arrive in Kyoto tomorrow.
He will call on me tomorrow.
Will he call on me tomorrow?
He is going to start tomorrow.
He is to start tomorrow.
He is scheduled to come up to Tokyo tomorrow.
He will have to get up early tomorrow.
He will have to help his mother in the kitchen tomorrow.
He is due to arrive tomorrow.
He will set out for China tomorrow.
He will go to Tokyo tomorrow, won't he?
He leaves for Tokyo tomorrow.
This morning he said that he is leaving for Nara tomorrow.
He is flying to Paris tomorrow.
They are going off by plane tomorrow.
He will play baseball tomorrow.
He will come tomorrow.
I believe he is coming tomorrow.
He made a speech in plain English.
He has a keen awareness of the problem.
He is a cheerful young man.
He rarely goes to the movies.
He seldom goes to church.
He seldom gets angry or irritated.
He hardly ever opens a book.
He's going from strength to strength.
He flunked his driving test three times.
He carried out the plan he had made in detail.
He sometimes makes me feel strange when we meet each other face to face.
He sees no company.
He knows many amusing magic tricks.
He did it for fun.
Because he didn't want to lose face, he refused my offer to help him.
He likes to build model planes.
He is very taken up with building model airplanes.
He didn't half swear.
He fixed the net.
He cut off a branch from the tree.
They extended a rope from tree to tree.
He fell from the tree.
He stuck his knife into the tree.
He collided with a tree.
He kept standing against a tree.
He was sleeping under the tree.
He cut some branches off the tree.
He remained dumb.
He remained silent, so that she got still more angry.
He remained silent, which made her still more angry.
He was not allowed to remain silent.
He silently went out of the room.
He woke up to find himself lying on a bench in the park.
His eyesight is bad.
Hardly had he woke up when he remembered the embarrassing incident of the previous night.
He made up his mind to jog in spite of his blindness.
He went blind.
He thanked me with his eyes.
He is getting better quickly.
He was sitting in the armchair, his eyes closed and his arms folded.
He sat there with his eyes closed.
He awoke to find the house on fire.
He awoke to find himself lying on the bed in the hospital.
He was pop-eyed with surprise.
He came in with his eyes shining.
He came out of the room with his eyes shining.
He came into the room with his eyes shining.
He listened to the story with his eyes shining.
He was listening to me with his eyes shining.
He put on sunglasses to protect his eyes from ultraviolet rays.
He stood still with his eyes closed.
He stood there with his eyes closed.
He listened to the music with his eyes closed.
He lay on a sofa, with his eyes closed.
He sat at his desk, with his eyes closed.
He was thinking about his work with his eyes closed.
He kissed her, with his eyes closed.
He sat beside her with his eyes closed.
He closed his eyes.
He is the leading hitter of the Pacific League at present.
He is the leading hitter at present.
He's under treatment.
He awoke to find himself lying on the bench.
He runs a company in Meguro.
He behaves respectfully toward his superiors.
He achieved his purpose.
He worked hard to obtain his objective.
He endeavors to attain his goal.
He didn't eat all of the rice cakes.
He will come back.
He will explain it to you when he comes back.
He is deeply intent on carrying out the plan in question.
He solved the problem with great ease.
To his great joy, he succeeded in solving the problem.
It appears that he has worked out a solution to his problem.
He's inviting nothing but trouble.
He says he will inquire into the matter.
He raised a problem.
He stopped short at the gate.
He was standing at the gate.
He went no farther than the gate.
He hung the gate on hinges.
He used to read at night.
He told us that visions would appear to him during the night.
He is generally at home in the evening.
He was used to going out at night.
He is the king of the night.
He looked up at the night sky.
He sat up late at night.
He is accustomed to sitting up late.
He was accustomed to sitting up late.
He is used to sitting up late at night.
He fell into the habit of keeping late hours.
He is in the habit of sitting up till late at night.
He called on me at night.
He worked far into the night.
He works even late at night.
He sits up till late at night.
He made us work till late at night.
He often sits up late writing letters.
He sits up studying till late at night.
He was robbed when coming home late at night.
He didn't get in until 2 o'clock in the morning.
He worked at night and slept in the daytime.
He preferred studying at night.
He likes baseball very much.
He is good at baseball.
He is crazy about baseball.
He likes not only baseball but football.
He has a big future in baseball.
He showed great skill at baseball.
He has got baseball on the brain.
He broke his leg in the baseball game.
He had to write an account of the baseball game.
He is a baseball player.
He likes either baseball or football.
He likes neither baseball nor football.
He prefers football to baseball.
He doesn't care much for baseball.
He does not play baseball.
He can play baseball.
He is second to none when it comes to playing baseball.
He's very good at playing baseball.
He enjoyed playing baseball.
He is content with his life as a baseball player.
He may become a baseball player.
He joined the baseball club.
He is a member of the baseball club.
He let his dog run free in the field.
He looked at the cows in the fields.
He is fond of vegetables, and cabbages in particular.
She eats nothing but vegetables.
His ambition made him work hard.
He is full of ambition.
He wants to go back to the wild.
He went to Africa to see wild animals.
He has proven that he is not worth his salt.
He buys only what'll be useful for him.
He is aiming for the directorship.
He is an actor among actors.
He retired from office.
He went to Italy ten years ago and has lived there ever since.
He caught twenty butterflies.
He made good what he had promised to do.
He carried out what he had promised.
He stuck to his promise.
He betrayed his promises.
He is bound by his promise.
He came five minutes behind the appointed time.
He is always on time for an appointment.
He is apt to be late for the appointed time.
He was in time for the appointment.
You have made a promise.
He will stick to his promise if he gives it.
He is as good as his word.
He didn't carry out his promise.
He always fulfills his promises.
He translated promise into actions.
He often fails to keep his promise.
He did not abide by his promise.
He apologized to us for having broken his promise.
He is a man of his word, so if he said he'd help, he will.
As he is a man of his word, he will surely pay what he owes to you.
He's a man of his word, so you can count on him.
He broke his word.
He broke his word, which made his wife angry.
He broke his promise, which was a big mistake.
He must be condemned for breaking his promise.
He accused me of having broken our promise.
He often breaks his word, but I like him all the same.
I'm sure he won't fail to keep his word.
He would be the last man to break his word.
He is apt to forget his promise.
He came according to his promise.
He is engaged in export.
He is kind rather than gentle.
He has a kind expression.
He has a kind heart.
He is an excellent piano player. In addition, he is a good singer and a very good dancer.
He is a good English scholar, and, what is more, a good teacher.
He was an excellent scientist, and what is more, was a great poet.
He is known to everyone as a great scholar.
He became a brilliant scholar but only at the expense of his health.
He has a remarkable memory.
He answered my questions by the exercise of his excellent memory.
He is an excellent fixer, and has always been regarded as such.
He's an excellent brain surgeon.
He is a student at Yushu High School.
He called out the name of the winner.
He graduated from Harvard University with honors.
He graduated from a senior high school with honors.
He appears brave, but it's just an act.
His courage won him fame.
He is a brave and cheerful boy.
His brave deed earned him respect.
He is a brave man.
Brave man as he was, he recoiled at the sight.
It is believed that he was a brave soldier.
He was brave enough to go there alone.
He had the courage to expose the scandal.
He had the courage to decline the offer.
He has the courage to speak up what he thinks right.
He is unrivaled in bravery.
He did a courageous act.
He is not only brave but wise.
He is wanting in courage.
I know him to be a brave man.
He didn't have a grain of courage.
He dared to visit the governor of New York State.
He is celebrated for his bravery.
He was called Ted by his friends.
He wanted to repay the kindness of his friends.
He is a member of the fraternity.
He cloaked his evil intentions with his friendly behavior.
He borrowed money from his friend.
He was deserted by his friends.
He has a few friends.
He had used up all the money which his friend had lent him.
He did the sights of Paris with his friends.
He was laughed at by his friends.
He turned to his friends for help.
He was the envy of his friends.
He broke faith with his friend.
He shook hands with his friend.
He had words with his friend and then struck him.
He is a friend and I treat him as such.
He gave away his camera to his friend.
He turned to his friend for help.
He is generous to his friends.
He obtained the job through the good offices of his friend.
He had to call for his friend's help.
He clapped his friend on the shoulder.
He resented his friend's action.
He got mixed up in his friend's affair.
He was envious of his friend's promotion.
He took no notice of his friend's advice.
He cheated in the exam when he copied his friend's work.
He was regarded as a hero for saving his friend's life.
He smarted under his friend's ill-treatment.
He has a faculty for making friends.
He hid his friend from the police.
He went to the station to see his friend off.
He concentrated his energies on helping his friend.
He paid a visit to his friend.
He lost his credibility because he betrayed a friend.
He has few friends.
He is a lonely man with few friends.
He likes to share his pleasure with his friends.
He played a trick on his friend.
He teaches English to his friends.
He is looked down on by his friends.
He is very busy writing to his friends.
He will be laughed at by his friends.
He is looked up to by friends.
He dropped in on a friend.
He was busy copying his friend's notebook.
He copied his friend's notebook with precision.
He borrowed his friend's car for a few days.
He obtained the post through the good offices of a friend.
He had few friends and little money.
He has been to the station to see his friend off.
He knows the art of making friends.
He found it hard to make friends.
He was looked up to by all his friends.
He is not good at making friends and always keeps to himself.
He believes in the existence of ghosts.
He was overcome by a feeling of melancholy.
He was in a mood of depression.
They were robbed of all their money.
He lost all the money he had.
He lost the whole of his money.
I have come to the conclusion that he is guilty.
He is supposed to be guilty.
He is guilty and by the same token so are you.
He is accounted guilty of the crime.
He was declared guilty.
Her ability took her to the top.
He is competent and able to trust.
He doesn't strike me as efficient.
He is an able engineer.
He is an able banker.
He is able man, but on the other hand he asks too much of us.
They say that he is an able man.
I'm sure he is a man of ability.
He is a capable lawyer.
He is a promising youth.
He rounded off his speech with a famous proverb.
He became a famous singer.
He is a famous artist.
He quoted some famous proverbs from the Bible.
He is a famous merchant.
He became a famous actor.
He made a lot of efforts to become a famous actor.
He is a famous baseball player.
He has a burning desire to become famous.
He is eager to become famous.
He made use of every opportunity to become famous.
He is well off, and what is more, he is of good birth.
His wealth enables him to do anything.
He is well off, so he doesn't worry about money.
He is the son of a wealthy family.
He is a son of a wealthy family.
He is accused of kidnapping.
He yielded to temptation and took drugs.
He is proof against temptation.
He is at play.
He is always idling about and good for nothing.
He lives three doors from the post office.
He went by the post office.
She became a postman.
He didn't show up at the party last night.
He did not show up at the party last night.
He looked through the evening paper.
He went to bed after supper.
He drinks a bottle of beer at dinner.
He ate a huge supper. He must have been hungry.
He was in the habit of taking a walk after supper.
He amused himself by reading a detective story after supper.
He would often read detective stories after supper.
He watches television after dinner.
He studies his lessons after supper.
He makes a point of reading newspapers after dinner.
He retired to his own room after supper.
He finished the bulk of his work before dinner.
He had his homework done before supper.
He makes a point of studying before supper.
He decided to put the murder trial first in the evening news.
He came home late in the evening.
He met an unexpected obstacle.
He had the gift of prophecy.
He was dismissed without notice.
He prepared his lessons.
He is an abler lawyer than I expected.
He was perplexed at the unexpected result.
He borrowed a large sum of money on the strength of expected income.
He examined the spare parts one after another.
He didn't know what to do with the extra food.
He did not know what to do with the extra food.
His days are drawing to their close.
He seems to have much in reserve.
He withdrew the last dollar of his saving.
He was punished for child abuse.
He emptied the container of its contents.
He is excellent at finding fault with other people.
He tried to unify the various groups.
She made up her mind to go abroad.
He is desirous of going abroad.
He was called away on business.
He is shy of telling the truth.
He advised caution.
He can not tell a sheep from a goat.
He clipped the sheep.
He is a VIP and we must treat him as such.
He spoke to the point.
He was far in advance of his days.
He seems cheery but, on the contrary, he is sad.
He was a man of cheerful aspect.
He walked down the street whistling cheerfully.
He laughed a merry laugh.
He tried to act cheerfully, but we all knew how sad he felt.
He has four children to provide for.
He was seized with uncontrollable rage.
He stood for those who were oppressed.
He is a man of few wants.
He has the water running in the bathtub.
The next morning I found him traveling by train.
He said that he was going home the following day.
He pretended to be ill so that he could be absent from school.
His naked back and arms were beaded with sweat.
He says he will come.
Not only did he come but he also offered to help me.
He said he would come, and what is more, he said he was glad to.
He says he won't come.
I don't think that he will come.
He won't come, will he?
I am afraid he won't come.
I'm afraid he cannot come.
I wonder if he will come.
Whether or not he will come is doubtful.
He may come, or he may not.
He will either come or call me.
He stays a long time every time he comes.
He will come.
We think that he will come.
He said he would come and he did come.
He says he will come, which is quite impossible.
I think he's coming, but I'm not quite sure.
I think he'll come.
He promised me to come.
He promised to come, and didn't.
I thought he wouldn't come.
He will come if he has a mind to.
He is on his way and will arrive in due course.
He studied hard day after day.
Whenever he comes, he scolds us.
He never comes without complaining of others.
He was besieged by callers.
He's going to visit his aunt and uncle next month.
He will go to New York next month.
He will have lived here for ten years by the end of next month.
He will leave for Paris next month.
He goes in for the examination next month.
He is leaving for China on an inspection tour next month.
He leaves for New York next week.
He is leaving for New York next week.
He will make a business trip to London next week.
He is going to study English next week.
Will he come to the meeting next week?
He proposed that another meeting be held next Monday.
He will be calling on me next month.
He'll be taking an exam next week.
He comes back from Singapore next January.
He will run for the next year's election.
He will travel abroad next year.
He is a man to be depended on.
He is a man you can rely upon.
He is a dependable boss.
His head was hurt by the fall.
He is studying hard for fear he should fail.
He came down in the world.
He is depressed.
He could not settle down to sleep.
He gave vent to his disappointment.
He received rough treatment.
He bought a dozen eggs.
He took the eggs out one by one.
He had to fight against the storm.
He departed in spite of the storm.
The ship was at the mercy of the storm.
His absence was due to the storm.
He need not go in the storm.
He would do anything for gain.
He claimed his share of the profits.
He is considered to be one of the interested parties.
He is the personification of selfishness.
He is a lump of selfishness.
He must be selfish.
He is clever, and moreover, he is handsome.
He has a name for cleverness.
He is smart, and what is more, honest and punctual.
Although he may be clever, he is not wise.
He didn't look like a clever boy.
He is a clever boy.
He paid the loan with interest.
He has to take two science classes.
He is a man of mean understanding.
He is slow of understanding.
He's not talking theory.
He is a director, and should be treated as such.
He is able to subordinate passion to reason.
He is a man of reason.
He is a perfect gentleman.
He proved to be an ideal husband.
He insulted me without any reason.
He insulted me without reason.
He gave his reasons in brief.
He got paid under the table.
He bought his way into college.
He turned traitor.
He is as cool as ever after his divorce.
He severed himself from the party.
He entered the army.
He is an army officer.
He holds the rank of colonel.
He was promoted to general.
He acquitted himself admirably at the track meet.
He went to Italy by land.
He took the lead in fighting pollution.
I like him all the better because he speaks frankly.
He was told to stand up, and he did so.
He walked away.
He stopped to think which way to go.
He paused to look at the poster.
He stood up and reached for his hat on the table.
He stood up and took a deep breath.
He rose to his feet and smiled at her.
He stood up and looked at the mouse.
He was told to stand up, and he did so slowly.
It seems that he left for school just now.
He tried to stand up.
He stood for an election.
He officially announced himself as a candidate.
He made it known to his friends that he was unwilling to run for the election.
He is a self-made man.
He succeeded in life.
He made great efforts to succeed in life.
He is a good scholar, and what is better, a good teacher.
He will be a wonderful scholar.
He received a good education.
He has the advantage of a good education.
He is a fine classical scholar.
He is a fine gentleman.
He got wonderful results.
He has blossomed into a great statesman.
He has a good constitution.
He acquitted himself well.
He succeeded in life fine.
He hailed a cruising taxi.
He's in bed with the flu.
He came down with the flu.
He likes to sing popular songs.
He hasn't studied abroad for nothing.
He was forced to work part-time to study abroad.
He is eager for a chance to study abroad.
He works hard so that he can study abroad.
He achieved his purpose of studying abroad.
He is used to traveling.
He was called back from his trip.
He has a great fancy for travelling.
He had plenty of money for his trip.
He never travels without taking an alarm clock with him.
He doesn't carry much baggage on his trips.
He set out on a trip.
He's away on a trip.
He met many fascinating people in the course of his travels.
He kept a diary during the trip.
He is making preparations for a trip.
He is busy preparing for the trip.
He was busy getting ready for his journey.
He gave an account of his trip.
He spoke of the people and the things that he had seen during his trip.
He got sick during the trip.
He was equipped for a trip.
He grasped the rope with two hands.
He buried his head in his hands.
He had a big box in his arms.
He held up his hands.
He rubbed his hands together.
He stood by the gate, rubbing his hands together.
His hands were deep in his pockets.
He stood with his hands in his pockets.
He is economically independent of his parents.
He wants to be independent of his parents.
He lives with his parents.
He lives apart from his parents.
He said good night to his parents.
He caused his parents a lot of anxiety.
He often writes to his parents.
He wrote to his parents.
He is trusted by his parents.
He doesn't resemble either of his parents.
He appreciates his parents' love.
He married the girl contrary to his parents' will.
He tried very hard to live up to his parents expectations.
He is concerned about his parent's health.
He looked to his parents' property.
He is the boast of his parents.
He ran away from home without the knowledge of his parents.
He is studying hard in order not to disappoint his parents.
He does not look up to his parents.
He sat on a chair with his legs dangling.
He stood with his feet apart.
He stood with his feet wide apart.
He was lying there with his legs bound together.
He mediated between the two parties.
I doubt whether he will win both races.
He spread out his arms to welcome us.
It is said that she is a good cook.
He complained of the dish tasting bad.
He is good at cooking.
He is backward in science.
He comes of good stock.
He has hit upon a good idea.
He looks like a good boy.
He must be a good boy.
He's a good man and is known as such to everyone.
He gave a good piece of advice.
He is of a good line.
He is a person with good sense.
Do you think he's sensible?
He felt the pangs of conscience.
He felt the pricks of conscience.
He tried with all his might to push the door open.
He pulled with all his strength but the rock would not move.
He is second to none in strength.
He did the work to the best of his ability.
He has run out of his energy.
He likes green the best.
He took on extra workers.
He is my neighbor, but I don't know him well.
He asked some questions of the lady standing next to him.
He exchanged seats with the next person.
He was displeased with his neighbor.
He took no notice that there was a sick man sleeping in the next room.
He went into the next room and lay down.
I think he can get along with his neighbors.
He tried to keep back his tears.
He was ashamed of his tears.
He tore up the letter in tears.
I think he has something to do with that scandal.
He illustrated his theory with examples.
He poured cold water over himself.
He is cool, isn't he?
He is wanting in courtesy.
He was lost to history.
He dozed off in history class.
He has a lot of books on history.
He will be reading a historical novel.
He is well acquainted with history as a whole.
He set out on his historic voyage.
He stood at the end of the line.
He will leave for the station an hour before the train leaves.
He came by car instead of by train.
He will be in time for the train.
Will he be able to catch the train?
He hurried so as to be in time for the train.
He did his best to be in time for the train.
He got up early so as to be in time for the train.
He didn't run fast enough to catch the train.
He took a taxi in order not to miss the train.
He hurried to the station so he wouldn't miss the train.
He ran the train over a cliff.
He walked back and forth on the platform while waiting for the train.
He was injured in a railway accident.
He was raging mad.
He spared no pains to help me.
He wasn't given any reward for his service.
He helped to ameliorate the living conditions of working men.
He is not frugal so you can't trust him with money.
He saved money for his old age.
He has a lot of money saved for his old age.
He seems to have apprehensions of age.
He stepped aside for an old man to pass.
Now that he is old, it is your duty to go look after him.
He is an old man and should be treated as such.
He died of old age two years ago.
He offered his seat to an old woman.
He got money from the old woman by a trick.
He works hard to support his aged mother.
He has become weaker with age.
He is to come here at six o'clock.
He got home at six.
He will cast me a bone to pick.
He wins his arguments by logical reasoning.
He reads foreign books, not to mention Japanese ones.
He lives in a house built in a semi foreign style.
He is a good speaker.
He is easy to talk to.
He did not speak unless spoken to.
He kept talking.
He was a neutral participant at the discussion.
He didn't stop talking.
He was about to speak.
He seems to have missed the point.
He stopped talking.
He went mad when he heard the story.
He needs a few jokes to lighten up his talk.
He has a lot of topics for conversation.
He has nothing to contribute to a conversation.
He changed the topic of conversation.
He refused to take the bribe.
He admitted he had taken bribes.
He denied that he had accepted the bribe.
He has pains in his side.
He has improved in skill.
He has powerful arms.
He was shot 3 times in the arm.
He stretched out his arm for a magazine.
He sat on the sofa with his arms folded.
He was sitting with his arms folded.
He watched the game with his arms folded.
He was standing with his arms folded.
He looked at his watch.
He was thinking, with his arms folded.
He was sitting with his arms across his chest.
He sat there with his arms folded.
He tends to be arrogant.
He is a methodical person.
There was no budging him.
He got his dander up.
He led a life of luxury.
He lives in luxury.
He denied himself nothing.
He cannot afford the common comforts of life, not to mention luxuries.
We knelt down to pray.
My love for him has already cooled.
Would you like to leave a message for him?
Get off his back.
It is practically unthinkable that a scientist of his stature would have made such an elementary mistake.
Nobody is cleverer than he.
No other student in the class is so brilliant as he is.
He saw it also.
He has finally shown his true colors.
He has at last retired from public office.
He was finally forced to resign.
He gets tough at times.
He plays it smart!
He is not coming, either.
His English will improve in the course of time.
It may be that he is not a bad man.
I have nothing more to say about him.
He will also go.
Both he and I are high school students.
Both he and I were able to solve the math problem.
What man has done, man can do.
As he grew up, he learned to put things in perspective.
He's getting soft in his old age.
He is getting old.
Both he and his wife have cars.
Both he and his sister are invited to the party.
He is neither a stock nor a stone.
He isn't coming, either.
They were walking two hundred meters in advance.
Neither of them seemed old.
Some pitied them.
What they said to you is exactly the opposite of what they told me yesterday.
Their excuses cut no ice with her.
There is no telling when they will come.
I'm ready whenever they challenge me.
Do you know when they will arrive?
It was obvious that they had told a lie.
She was dismayed at their ignorance in etiquette.
I know they're in love with each other.
I wish they would stop fighting.
They have been here for an hour.
The fact that they came here is undeniable.
What they are doing is ruining the economy.
I was informed that they had gone on strike.
Then it dawned on me that they were speaking Spanish.
They have a less selfish reason for trying it.
It is worthwhile to ask what sort of picture they found there.
They don't seem to approve of the plan.
They were at the bottom of the scheme.
It is cruel of them to make the boy work so hard.
It was not clear whether they had accomplished it or not.
If only they hadn't done that, I might have been able to get somewhere.
It is strange that they should get so angry.
It seems strange that they feel so angry.
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Do I hear wedding bells?"
It is a mystery how they escaped from prison.
The step they took provided at best a temporary solution to the problem.
We didn't know what train they'd be on.
I cannot understand why they are such good friends: they have little in common.
I don't know why they are so steamed off at us.
I took it for granted that they adored Hannah.
They seldom, if ever, speak in French.
Ask him whether they still live in Tokyo.
Not all of them are happy.
I like all of them.
All of them are not poor.
Between them they can finish in a week.
I've been expecting good news from them.
There was not a single word of gratitude from them.
We had a lot of spontaneous offers from them.
We received a cordial welcome from them.
Ascertain whether they are safe or not.
It is surprising that they should have a second house in America.
To see them sitting together, you'd take them for twins.
I saw them play baseball in the playground.
It is doubtful whether they will be able to swim.
The train had already left when they got to the station.
When they got to the station, the train had already left.
I don't care about what they say.
It is important that he find out what they are doing.
It was before dawn that they got the fire under control.
It was inevitable that they would meet.
There are many problems for them to deal with.
There is little hope that they are alive.
It goes without saying that they are in the wrong.
I will telephone you as soon as they return.
I'll wait here until they come back.
It's Spain that they are going to on holiday.
It is good for them to work during their vacation.
They were stupid not to follow your advice.
Tell me the reason why they are absent.
There can be no doubt about their marriage.
The news of their marriage spread throughout the village.
They got married only recently.
When they got married, they both swore to never lie.
They have been married for four years.
I think they have been married for five years.
They have only been married two months.
Do you know how long they have been married?
When they said they were going to get married, it blew my mind.
The rumor that they would get married spread at once.
They stayed married for the sake of their children.
Here is a new video for them to watch.
I watched them destroy the old building.
The stock they sold buyers was a lemon.
The research done by them shows that Americans are not interested in Japan.
There was some monkey business going on when they were negotiating that last contract; money passed under the table.
They were through with work.
The idea they put to us fell in exactly with what we ourselves had in mind.
I was not aware of the danger until they warned me.
His story doesn't agree with what they have said to me.
I spoke slowly so that they might understand me.
Have you ever known them to come on time?
What does it matter how they bring up their own children?
Who will look after the baby while they're out?
The dinner they served was badly cooked.
They had hardly started when it began to rain.
We do not anticipate their buying a new car.
Were they busy last week?
You must take action for their early release.
You know how crazy they are over their little bundle of joy.
It was my fault that they came late.
Make sure that they come here late.
I feel in my bones that they will never get along well together.
The precise time of their arrival is not known.
Ten minutes after they had passed Nara, the car ran out of gas.
It is five years since they came to Japan.
The manual they asked him to read was two inches thick.
No wonder they have elected him chairman.
They are hugging and kissing.
They may properly claim the protection of the law.
They welcomed me warmly, so I felt at home.
I took the wheel while he slept.
Don't interpret their silence as obedience.
When they woke up they saw a stone lying next to them.
I hope they don't resort to violence to accomplish their goals.
Until they came back, she had been busy.
I shouldn't wonder if they came after all.
What a blessing it is that they did not come.
It will be some time before they come.
A party of scientists were on board with them.
It is vain to argue with them about the problem.
My association with them didn't last long.
I can't fit in with them.
Don't associate with them.
They talk a lot to one another, over the telephone and in person.
I concurred with them in giving him the prize.
You have to hurry if you want to go with them.
Laugh with them.
I am working with them towards world peace.
It's no use bandying words with them.
He went at them with his fists.
Anything you could do in support of their effort would be very much appreciated.
They scarcely need it at all.
They have seen better days.
Queer rumors about them were in the air.
It's important for them to go out.
They have nowhere else to go.
They have a lot in common.
They have nothing to complain about.
They have a ten-year-old son.
They have two sons and one daughter.
They had two daughters, who became famous pianists.
They have the right to do so.
They have little chance to practice it.
I haven't seen them anywhere.
They hardly have any time left.
They have no house to live in at all.
They have something in common with each other.
They are wanting in industry.
They have no sense of sin.
Since they had no children of their own, they decided to adopt a little girl.
They had only one child.
They have enough capital to build a second factory.
They have but the shadow of freedom.
They had no house in which to live.
They have not less than ten children.
They did not have much food to eat.
They had no food.
They are free from care.
They have twin daughters.
They have their own troubles.
They have two daughters.
They had a lot of children to provide for.
They require extra help.
I told them again to turn down the radio.
I want to ask them when their big day is.
They have no claim to the property.
A child was born to them.
I could not make myself understood to them in English.
I'll have to make amends to them for my mistake.
I'll have them repair my car.
May the blessing of God be upon them.
A baby was born to them.
They had a baby last week.
I'm considering going with them.
I walked quietly so that they would not hear me.
He stopped to talk to them.
He stopped talking to them.
Three quarters of them agreed.
Their only son has been dead for three years.
They broke up after 7 years of marriage.
I overheard their mockery.
None of them were present at the meeting.
Over ten percent of them can do the work.
Two of them were drowned.
The three of them were the only ones to apologize to her.
Which of them is your brother?
Which of them can sing better?
I hope that neither of them was involved in the traffic accident.
Some of them are my friends.
How many of them survived is not known.
Several of them are opposed to the bill.
None of them are present.
None of them could understand what she was implying.
Their climbing of Mt. Everest was a great achievement.
Thanks to them, I got well at last.
Join me with them in their movement.
There are many factors behind the quarrel between them.
There is no telling how long their quarrel will last.
Their quarrel sprung from misunderstanding.
Let them take care of themselves.
Their concert was a big hit.
Follow close behind them.
Their first fall there was a trial for them.
We are three points ahead of their team.
Their team doesn't have a ghost of a chance of winning this season.
Their team's name is NWO.
Shall I carry coffee to them?
Their boat needs painting.
I think most of them took part in the plot.
I guess most of them went home.
They are mostly polite.
It is your business to take care of them.
Even after being approved, difficulties might arise in the actual construction of the line.
Each of their opinions has both good points and bad points.
Their opinion matters little.
Their opinions differ from mine.
It took us a week to locate their hideaway.
The warmth of their welcome made me happy.
Some of them said yes, and the others said no.
They were very kind to me when I was at their house.
Their dining room is very spacious.
Their house was burned down in the fire.
Their house is far from the station.
Their house is being remodeled.
Theirs is an old family.
Their house is off the map, miles away from the nearest town.
Stone was used to build their houses.
Their furniture was chosen for utility rather than style.
Their furniture is more aesthetic than practical.
Their home is abundant in love and laughter.
Their assignments were handed in on September 1st.
Their patience was about to give out.
Their conversation being in Chinese, I was not able to understand them at all.
Their conversation went on.
Their conversation was carried on for about an hour.
Their school and ours are sister schools.
Their bags were checked by security guards at the gate.
A fight started about nothing between them.
There is a generation gap between them.
A harmony prevailed among them.
I hope their relationship will blossom into something permanent.
From the way they look, I would say that they failed.
Though I have done nothing against them, they think ill of me.
Their argument seemed endless.
Their living room is as large again as my house.
In the teeth of their strong opposition, we carried out our plan.
Their muscles are stiff.
Their contract is to run out at the end of this month.
I have doubts about the success of their plan.
I do not think their plan will work out.
Their plan resulted in failure.
I am quite ignorant of their plan.
Their plan sounds interesting to me.
Their decision will bring about serious consequences.
I was invited to their wedding.
Have you been invited to their wedding?
Their marriage ceremony was performed according to the custom of the district.
Their wedding will be tomorrow.
Their married life did not run smoothly.
I hear their marriage is on the rocks and they'll probably file for divorce soon.
Their marriage broke up last year.
Their married life was full bliss.
Their expenses for the wedding were considerable.
Their blood will be distributed to many people.
Their dog was so fierce that he kept everyone away.
It is not clearly stated in their study if the patients overcame this syndrome during the therapy.
Their excuses were all alike.
You had better do what they say.
It is silly of you to trust them.
As their language had no written form, the natives expressed deeds and events in carvings.
Their employees live in.
They heard a noise behind them.
Their curiosity was aroused.
We prayed for their happiness.
Their happiness was rooted in their industry.
Their ideas seem totally alien to us.
You must take their ideas into account.
Their way of thinking is behind the times.
I was quite taken aback at their bad manners.
Their highest skill was woodworking.
Their finest moment is their last appearance on stage.
You can't judge their works by the same standards.
Their job is to exterminate rats and mice.
Their manner of bringing up their children is extremely unusual.
There is a community of thought between them.
Their business is expanding.
Their business came to a standstill for want of money.
A lot of their time is spent on part-time jobs.
I resent his rude attitude.
Their car overtook ours.
Their main exports are textiles, especially silk and cotton.
I will have to help them.
Their hobby is fishing.
But for their help, we could not have succeeded.
There is no need to call in their assistance.
Their small protest triggered a mass demonstration.
Their boss made them work against their will.
Their coats were uniform in color.
In their case, it was love at first sight.
Their lips met.
Their offer cuts both ways.
I was moved by their kindness.
Their intimacy grew with the years.
What happened to them is still a mystery.
They have a growing population; therefore they need more and more food.
Their view of life may appear strange.
They are not much different in character from each other.
Their success has a lot to do with their diligence.
Are you in favor of their policy?
Their lifestyle is different to ours.
They like to look back on old times.
Their baby has just started to crawl.
Their ship struck a rock.
Their ship was at the mercy of the waves.
There was a long winter before them.
No one gave up hope.
Not all of them are present at the meeting today.
The dispute between them is due to misunderstanding.
Their son's name is John.
Their boy was named Edward.
Their son grew bigger.
Their losses reached one million yen.
Many of them were kind to us.
They were for the most part young people.
They were for the most part high school students.
They were mostly women.
They were, for the most part, college students.
Who is their homeroom teacher?
Problems are expected in their expedition.
I anticipate that there will be problems on their expedition.
Their clothes are quite like those of our ancestors.
I can never pick him out among them.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not healthy.
Some of them are healthy, but others are not.
Some of them had a gift for making weapons.
The report proved true as a result of their investigation.
Their garden is full of very beautiful flowers all the year round.
Their proposition is contrary to ours.
Their proposal is out of the question.
Their traditional life style no longer exists.
We cannot help admiring their effort.
All their efforts were in vain.
Their efforts came to nothing.
Their effort proved abortive.
Their efforts made the situation better to a certain degree.
Their efforts were not for nothing.
Their late arrival was owing to the rain.
Please tell me the precise time of their arrival.
The battle ended before they got there.
Their flight was discovered yesterday.
They lost their way; otherwise, they would have arrived long ago.
The difference in their ages is six years.
Their farms adjoin.
A fire broke out at the inn where they were staying.
They are conventional in their judgement.
Their opposition broke down.
They reveled in the success of their sales.
All their secrets have been revealed.
Their secret was laid bare.
Their estimate of the cost was wide of the mark.
Their plane will soon take off.
Their complaints filled me with anger.
Their father is a taxi driver.
Their father had a large shoe shop in the town.
Their manners and customs are different from those of this country.
They were hindered in their study.
Their reports don't accord.
Their nationalism was one cause of the war.
Their dreams came true.
Informed of their safety, the premier breathed a sigh of relief.
Their names escaped me.
Their names have already been signed.
Their names are Tom and Ken.
Their names were erased from the list.
They blotted out my name from the list.
Their eyes pursued him.
Their eyes were all bright.
None of their promises have been kept.
By degrees their friendship grew into love.
Their friendship ripened into a deep love.
Don't give way to their request.
You mustn't give in to their demands.
The school authorities started to take action at their request.
Their divorce is much talked about in their neighborhood.
Their divorce came as a complete surprise.
Their trip was postponed because of the rain.
Their parents are older than ours.
Both of them were not present at the meeting.
From the way they talked, I presumed they were married.
According to their opinions, that boy is very good.
Their conversation being in Chinese, I did not understand one word.
Their talks centered on their trip.
They spread the Gospel all over the world.
They wanted change now.
They have formed their own nationwide association, the American Association of Retired Persons.
They stayed up late talking.
They walk arm in arm with each other.
They have branches all over the world, from Calcutta to New York City.
They drink coke.
They admired the fine view from the hill.
They did not agree to bring down the price.
When they moved to the town, they found it easy to make friends.
They lived on corn, potatoes, and the meat of animals.
They are crying down Tom's new theory.
They are planning to settle in New Zealand.
They seldom, if ever, quarrel with each other.
They all longed for the holidays.
By and by you will forget the painful experience.
They will buy a record.
They are doctors.
They stood up and made their speeches one by one.
They stopped the music.
They want, above all things, to live in peace.
They are singers.
They are artists.
They demanded that the company pay them more.
They climbed to the top of a cliff.
They dropped out of their school.
They can sense the approach of cold weather.
They stressed protection of the environment.
They want to talk to you about areas of mutual interest.
They elected Hashimoto the Prime Minister.
They extend kindness to their neighbors.
They have decided to stick to the original plan after all.
They came from all over the world to make their homes in this new land, which was thinly populated by native Indians.
They went fishing.
They study industry.
They don't like me.
They paid their compliment to me.
They are my cousins.
They call me captain.
They forgot all about Noah, who had saved them.
They don't have enough income to lay aside for the future.
They competed with each other for the prize.
They are better educated, healthier and wealthier than their parents' generation was at their age.
They are human.
They're going to Ishikawa.
They were very tired indeed.
They make up about 12.5 percent of the total population.
They like Tsuneoki Ikeda.
They have brown skin and black hair.
They went to Tottori.
They advanced on the enemy.
They developed a special computer system and fixed it to his wheelchair.
They struggled against the dictator.
They think it is necessary to study the school system and educational environment of Japan.
They are actors.
They are short and thin.
They are going shopping.
He gave each of them a pencil.
They regarded him as their leader.
They will insist on her staying there longer.
They set up a fund to support the victims.
They go to Himeji castle.
They do not usually live with their children.
They are breaking down the wall.
They paid a high compliment to the speaker.
They had a talk about the future life.
They like apples.
They looked at us, as much as to say, "Poor creature."
They sailed for months in hope of "gold and glory".
They walked for ten miles, rested for ten minutes, then walked again.
They should arrive by ten o'clock.
They offer an earnest prayer on the evening of December 24.
They eat dinner at twelve o'clock.
They have twelve children.
They came by Route 17.
They have been here since 1989.
They sat down at every other desk.
They listened attentively so as not to miss a single word.
They walked at the rate of three miles an hour.
They walked as far as the next town in an hour.
They work for so much a week.
They arrived in England a week ago.
They must work 8 hours a day.
They work eight hours a day.
Did they have to stay there all day?
They arrived in America a few days ago.
They decided to meet there again after twenty years.
They are both good students.
They are both good teachers.
They are both school children.
Both of them worked hard so that they could pass the entrance examination.
They intend to join the two in marriage.
They were walking two abreast.
They were never to see each other again.
They were never to return to their country.
They will tear down the old building in two days.
They moved here two years ago.
They caught up with us half an hour later.
They'll be here at three.
They walked along the road three abreast.
They were walking three abreast.
They are leaving in three days, that is to say June 10th.
They moved here three years ago.
They won the Japan Cup three years in succession.
They believed it necessary to have great contests every four years.
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago.
They announced the results as of May 1.
They arrived in Osaka at the beginning of May.
They close the door at five.
They closed the shop at five.
They formed themselves in groups of five.
They got married six months ago.
They had to climb a wall six feet high.
They are to be married in June.
They will arrive at six, and then we will all have dinner.
They were to meet here at seven.
They finished eighty miles' journey.
They fly about 35,000 km in eight months.
They will take the 8:30 train.
They were talking from 8 to 10 o'clock.
They ring the bell at eight.
They stayed in Rome till September.
They loved grand touring cars.
They all stood for MRA.
They used those primitive tools.
They exchanged greetings.
They are keen on outdoor sports.
They did not give up hope.
They carried on working from morning till night.
They are going to meet at the hotel tomorrow.
They worked like so many ants.
They went along and along, but they couldn't seem to find just the right place.
They walked around.
They sent up an advertising balloon.
They take a deep interest in what you are buying.
They harbor thoughts of taking revenge on you.
They are willing to do it for you.
They are looking to you for help.
They are anxious for your help.
They are in favor of your plan.
They feared you.
They will lodge by twos and threes in lonely farmhouses.
They sat in the shade of that big tree.
They established settlements in Africa.
They sailed along the west coast of Africa.
I am afraid they can't get along very well.
I am afraid they don't get along very well.
They were too tired to climb a mountain.
They hadn't gone very far when they met an old man.
They are going to emigrate to America.
They are looking at only the sunny side of the American economy.
Are they American?
Aren't they Americans?
They must be Americans.
They took every possibility into consideration.
They often invent stories.
They first met on a summer afternoon.
They are talking about this and that.
How long did they live in England?
Are they not Englishmen?
They don't use chairs or tables.
They assembled the chairs in neat rows.
When will they give a concert?
They cried out together.
They waved flags all together.
They cried out with one voice.
They are always at each other's throats.
They are always arguing about money.
They are always quarreling.
It is always the case with them.
They are idle as usual.
They always escape from school.
They always extend kindness to their neighbors.
They are always short of money.
Do they always keep the dog tied to the gate?
They were always making jokes.
They are always quarrelling in public.
They always find fault with others.
They always associated a heavy rain with flood.
They always bore arms with them.
Someone always sees through their disguises.
They don't always obey their parents.
They looked far and wide for the missing dog.
Now they have three children.
They are the so-called victims of war.
They live in a little village in England.
They were taking care of a girl from India and a boy from Italy.
They gave him a glass of orange juice laced with vodka.
They were carelessly unaware of the danger.
They scorned the liar.
They accused him of telling a lie.
They succeeded in getting that job.
They were successful in solving the problem.
They couldn't cope with difficulties.
They keep up their spirits by doing aerobics.
They are waging a campaign against AIDS.
They made first ascent of Mount Everest.
They worked hard only to fail.
They shake hands instead of bowing.
They called in at their uncle's house for an hour.
They stopped talking.
They determined to avenge their father's death on their uncle.
They made Oshin work from morning till night.
They will probably have many psychological problems as a result, and that would be worse in the long run.
They are likely to agree to our plan.
We think it possible that they may arrive next week.
They looked at each other.
They shook hands with each other.
They were scared at the sight of the ghost.
They rescued the boy from drowning.
They exported tea mainly to Europe.
They want to take part in the Olympic Games.
They want to participate in the Olympic Games.
They export a lot of fruit, such as oranges, grapefruits and lemons.
They offered the guests some coffee.
They divided the money among themselves.
They accused her of taking the money.
They are not interested in saving money.
They walk arm in arm each other.
They soon became quite accustomed to each other.
They enjoy one another's company.
Do they love each other?
They fell in love with each other at first sight.
They exchanged seats with each other.
They helped each other.
They absolutely detest each other.
They communicated with each other by gesture.
They communicate with each other by gesture.
They give presents to one another.
They are on good terms with each other.
They lived in harmony with each other.
They smiled at one another.
They mutually discussed the future.
They will fall in love with each other.
They talked to each other.
They found that their families didn't like each other.
They bumped against each other.
They helped one another with their homework.
They spoke to each other on the phone.
They are a good couple.
They went out after they finished lunch.
They sat up talking late at night.
They are next door neighbors.
They had once helped each other.
They settled in Canada.
They are able to retire while fairly young and enjoy the lifestyle of their choice in good health.
They look pretty close.
Not only they but also I was scolded by the teacher.
They went to Paris by way of Calais.
They sang one after another.
They had to take turns pushing the car.
They are engaged in cancer research.
They can play the guitar.
They welcomed as many men as came.
They cannot fail to reach an agreement.
I'm sure they'll win.
They are sure to fall in love.
They hunted foxes.
They are Christians.
They bought a box of cookies.
They caught a bear alive.
They married on Christmas Eve.
They went to church on Christmas Eve.
They came round about.
They asked Kate to baby-sit for their child.
They stopped their game and stared at me.
It seems that they have quarreled.
They aren't quarreling, but are rehearsing a play.
They should do away with these conventions.
They talked over a cup of coffee.
They have left here, perhaps for good.
They held the meeting here.
They should not talk here.
They didn't come here, did they?
They are trying to keep costs down.
They all got behind the candidate.
They aren't smart enough to understand this stuff.
They will not stand for such treatment.
They live downstairs.
They worked jointly on this project.
They may not know anything about this.
They reported seeing the incident.
They have run this small hotel since it was established.
They are as poor as can be.
They looked on this success as most important.
They have lived in this town for ten years.
They live in this town.
They buy these goods cheaply overseas and then mark them up to resell at home.
They disputed about whose turn it was to take the trash out.
Are they able to read these words?
They are apprehensive that some further disaster might occur.
They had no money to buy concert tickets with.
They sat in the front row of the concert hall and heard the orchestra clearly.
They are hardly likely to come at this late hour.
They want to send girls her age away on their own.
They are on good terms with their neighbors.
They fell out with each other over trifles.
They embarked at Southampton for New York.
They are going to throw a party for Sam.
They lunched on sandwiches and coffee.
They believe Jane honest.
They hunted deer and foxes.
They were all agog for the news.
They were urgent in their demand.
They make frequent trips to Europe.
They often drop in to see us.
They often go on picnics by bicycle.
They often make fun of the boss.
They often complain about the cost of living in Tokyo.
They lent us some of their staff for a while.
They had a rest for a while.
They consider it a mistake for Jim to travel alone in Africa.
They robbed Jim of everything he had.
They appointed Jim manager.
They are crazy about jazz.
They made fun of Jack's haircut.
They cut out a path through the jungle.
They could not get enough food.
They had a high opinion of Dr. Schweitzer.
They used to love jokes.
They blamed George for the failure.
They are out shopping.
They elected John the captain of the team.
They elected John captain of their team.
They made John chairman of the committee.
They looked up to John as their leader.
They must come here at once.
They soon adjusted themselves to the new circumstances.
They lost no time in leaving their home.
They immediately fell to work.
They set to work at once.
They decided that it would be better to start at once.
They easily fall back on his company.
They soon used up their food supplies.
They fell into the conversation immediately.
They came to our aid at once.
Did they enjoy their holiday in Scotland?
They have sought after eternal youth.
They have been busy.
They don't like their steaks thin.
They have a nice house.
They had wonderful lives.
They are able to speak Spanish a little.
They insisted that everything be ready ahead of time.
They burned all the documents.
They appointed Miss Smith chairperson.
They look up to Mr Smith as a leader.
They suffered from smog.
They built the walls of the fortress without using cement at all.
They came in for a lot of criticism over doing that.
They said so, but she thought to the contrary.
They saw a strange animal there.
They lived a happy life there.
They used tools similar to those used there.
They remained sitting there.
They didn't agree how to get there.
They spread the rumor abroad.
They were afraid of the big dog.
They talked about what they should do with the money.
They don't know what they should do with the money.
They may not know about it.
They were school children then.
They were badly off at that time.
They became acquainted with the routine.
They had been married for ten years by that time.
They were free at that moment.
They aren't laughing at that time.
They will be surprised to hear the news.
They were excited over the news.
They were surprised to hear the news.
They shed tears at the news.
They seemed really despondent to find that their project didn't boost profits like they thought it would.
They did away with the bad habit.
They are going to put the bad law in force.
They named the spaceship "Discovery."
They named the spaceship A100.
They set up a bronze statue of the hero.
They have something to do with the scandal.
They sat still as if they were charmed by the music.
They found out it was way the very same house, so they went to the Movers to see if the little House could be moved.
They will take down the house in a day.
They spent six months building the house.
They assisted the painter financially.
They broke away the bars.
They have done away with uniforms at that school.
They debated closing the school.
They kept talking all the time.
They lifted the rock by means of a lever.
They began to manufacture the machine on a large scale.
They admired the scenic view from the hill.
They all longed for the holiday.
They knew about the hardship and loss.
They talked over the plan for hours.
They are concerned with the project also.
They are in favor of the plan.
They discussed the economics of the project.
They hastened to execute the plan.
They abandoned the plan.
They kept the plan among themselves.
They carried out the project.
They suggested that we should put the plan into practice right now.
They defied the policeman's order.
They were satisfied with the result.
They inquired of me about the matter.
They couldn't comprehend the seriousness of the matter.
They are anticipating trouble when the construction starts.
They came in sight of the building.
They have preserved the building.
They named the dog Shiro.
They beat the dog to a pulp.
They called the dog Rocky.
They broke down the old house.
They adopted the orphan.
They went around the lake.
They succeeded in the negotiation.
They could not help being touched by the sight.
They could not help being touched.
They made much of what they saw.
They attended the lecture.
They abandoned the hill to enemy forces.
They came by two large cities on the country.
They invaded the country.
They looked on the writer as first-rate.
They assigned the task to us.
They had the work finished.
They haven't finished the work, have they?
They went home after they had finished the task.
They were surprised at the city's rapid growth.
They were excited at the game.
They spent a good deal of money on the project.
They are going to investigate the affair.
They submitted the case to the court.
They gave different versions of the accident.
They agreed to look into the causes of the accident.
They seem to be conscious of the fact.
They appear to know the fact.
They followed the tracks the car had left.
They released the prisoner.
He made a few conventional remarks about the event.
They exposed the books to the sun.
They made the novel into a drama.
They described the girl as being small.
They searched for the girl.
They looked after the boy.
They fooled the boy into stealing his father's watch.
They went to the boy's rescue.
They attempted in vain to bribe the witness.
They got away from the place.
They stayed away from the place.
They had trouble finding the place.
They did not think anything of the news.
They failed to fulfill the conditions.
They were satisfied with the meals.
They argued the new bill for hours.
They changed the system.
They named the baby Momotarou.
They satisfied their thirst at the spring.
They came to the conclusion that the ship must have sunk.
They reported the ship to be ten kilometers from shore.
They named the ship the Mayflower.
They drew the boat on the beach.
They compensated for the loss.
They moved to the village, where they lived a happy life.
They supplied the village with water.
They called the village New Amsterdam.
They worked out the system with much thought and labor.
They are very proud of being students of that college.
They robbed the man of all his belongings.
They followed hard after the man.
They saw the boy carried away to the hospital.
They regarded the man as a danger to society.
They were alarmed at the news.
They were horror stricken at the news.
They acted on the information.
They held a party in honor of the famous scientist.
They adopted the proposal.
They had to pass the tradition on to the next generation.
They had to leave at once to catch the train.
They assessed the land at nine million yen.
They could not cope with those difficulties.
They live from hand to mouth.
They looked forward to a time when they would no longer have to live from hand to mouth.
They deprived the criminal of his rights.
They don't belong under that category.
They went aboard the plane.
They admired the lovely scenery.
They were looking on the beautiful garden.
They fixed the sign to the wall.
They did not wish to become embroiled in the dispute.
They brought the trouble to an end.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentences.
They painted the wall white.
They adapted themselves to the change quickly.
They modified the report to accommodate all views.
They believed the jewel would bring disaster.
They broke into the jewelry shop.
He let the visitor into the living room.
They cut down the tree.
They hold the same opinion on that subject.
They entered into a discussion about the issue.
They have solved the problem once and for all.
They began to look into the problem.
They made a great effort to settle the problem.
They seem to make nothing of the problem.
They discussed the matter at large.
They left the problem unsolved.
They discussed the problem.
They helped themselves to the medicine.
They had been saving money for the trip for a year.
They accorded a warm welcome to the traveler.
They need to eat double that amount.
They missed the train.
They may have missed the train.
They sent some people to live on the planet.
They deal in software products.
They lived happily ever afterward.
They believed that it must be a new element.
They asserted that it was true.
They went home to their respective houses.
Each of them sang a song.
They went their separate ways.
Each of them was given a prize.
They will agree on that.
They've taken three shots at it.
They do not know how to do it.
They could not agree how it should be done.
They must have known it all along.
They gave it to me.
They didn't feel like playing any more.
They're on pins and needles.
They are not such a bad lot.
They aren't such a bad lot.
They won't be able to get up so early.
They opposed Darwin's theory of evolution.
They usually have breakfast at half past seven o'clock and eat their lunch at twelve.
They sat down by the fire.
They sent for a doctor at once.
They lost no time in getting the sick man to a hospital.
They have just arrived.
They happened to walk side by side.
Not all of them are present.
They are engaged in playing chess.
They are playing chess.
They will be taken good care of.
They were just in time.
They came home from school just now.
They referred to Chaucer as the father of English poetry.
They are amused at the sight of chimpanzees.
They finally acknowledged it as true.
They finally reached the top of the mountain.
They finally consented to our suggestion.
They went out of sight at last.
They finally appeared to arms.
They moved in just the other day.
They visited Disneyland, where they enjoyed seeing many kinds of shows.
They sat around the table playing cards.
They confronted each other across the table.
They wanted to get married as soon as they could.
They amused themselves by playing a video game.
They advertised a new product on TV.
They were looking for a place at which they could pitch the tent.
They beat the door in.
They burst the door open.
How can they do this?
They consented to our marriage at last.
They attained their purpose at last.
They are not suited to each other.
They contrived to arrive in time after all.
They made much of the victory of their team in the tournament.
They walked along the street side by side.
He delayed payment on some pretext or other.
They go to the movies together once in a while.
They visited the town every now and then.
They suddenly appeared from nowhere.
Where did they come from?
They couldn't think where to go.
Both of them are very cute.
Either of them is honest.
They are so alike that I can't tell which is which.
They are having a really good time.
They will be very glad.
They are very kind.
They were too tired to work any more.
They were so poor that they had little money to buy food with.
They are very cheerful.
They live next door.
They will get up a party for Tom's birthday.
They hated Tom.
They had a lovely time together.
They are both unmarried.
They demanded damages from the driver.
They killed time playing cards.
They invited me to play cards.
They sat around the table to play cards.
They abandoned the fort to the Indians.
They abandoned the fort to the enemy.
They kept on walking.
They don't know what difficulties Tom went through in his youth.
They still clung to this doctrine.
They had a long chat about the old days.
Why did they wait upon him so servilely?
Why didn't they draw up a passenger list?
They wanted to know on what grounds he wished to quit.
What a nice couple they are!
How hard they work!
How badly they ski!
They tried to prevent the news from leaking out.
They set out for New York.
They flew to Paris by way of New York.
They enjoyed themselves at the party.
I don't think they can behave themselves at the party.
They discussed the plans for the party.
They are pilots.
They made the pilot fly the Navy helicopter.
They carried water in buckets.
They hung their heads in shame.
They got off the bus.
They're coming to the park by bus.
Did they go to museum by bus?
They were the first to get into the bus.
They aren't waiting for the bus.
They worked like so many bees.
They barricaded themselves in the room.
Now some Pharisees who had been sent.
They came all the way from Brazil.
They went after the parade.
They are playing volleyball.
They bargained additional rations of bread and milk.
Putting pieces of bread prevented them from getting lost.
They chose Peter as captain.
They set out on a picnic.
They arranged for the picnic.
They knelt and thanked God for sending them rain.
They knelt down and prayed that the war would end soon.
They are struggling to survive in business.
They were badly in need of water.
They each received a present.
They wrote a letter to each other once a month.
They stood idle, instead of putting their shoulder to the wheel.
They dried themselves in the sun.
Maybe they will come and maybe they won't.
They painted the fence green.
As their conversation was in French, I could not understand a word.
They quarreled as to which was easier, French or German.
They are equally matched in their knowledge of French.
They had a good command of French.
They come from the south of France.
They are now leveling the road with a bulldozer.
They celebrate Christmas with presents.
They became professional soccer players.
They were rescued by helicopter.
They take their meals at the hotel.
They arrived at the hotel.
They were prohibited from leaving the hotel.
They could hardly see.
They devised a scheme to make money with little effort.
They gave us very little trouble.
They are living it up in Honolulu.
They are in need of volunteers.
They appointed Mr White as manager.
They looked really happy.
They got to the station only a few minutes apart.
They held off choosing Mike as captain.
They didn't know what to do first.
They're at it again.
They fell to quarreling again.
They have not yet heard of it.
They haven't come back home yet.
They are still seeking evidence.
They questioned him.
They walked over the mat.
They dared not look me in the face.
They will catch up with the lead runner soon.
They soon arrived at the station on the moon.
It's said that they will soon be leaving Tokyo.
They get along like a cat and a dog.
They're no competition; our team can beat them hands down.
They live on the 12th floor of this condo.
They are planning to settle Missouri.
They live in a wretched little house.
They all gazed at the magician's movements.
They were all fed up with the noise.
They are all artless children.
All of them say so, but I believe none of them.
All of them went there.
All of them agreed to the proposal.
They all made for the door.
They all joined in the chorus.
They are all of an age.
They were all done up like clowns.
They all objected to his proposal.
They all expressed regret over her death.
They are all in arms.
All of them were gone.
They're all clamoring to get their money back.
They were all so tired that they could do nothing but yawn.
They all sought for the lost child.
They all envied my new car.
All of them wanted to know my secret.
They were all dressed in uniforms.
They are all college students.
They all thought of her as a bright girl.
They were all in convulsions of laughter.
All of them remained silent.
They all have come.
They made Mary tell everything.
Each of them has to write a report about what he saw.
Each of them has a bicycle.
It's rumored that they are going to get married.
They have already finished the work.
They did not wish to go any farther.
They did not feel like playing any more.
They should have arrived home by now.
They aren't children any more, but not adults yet.
They resolved to work harder.
They demanded that they should get more money.
They are on strike for money.
Originally they were farmers.
They will get married in due course.
They killed a goat as a sacrifice to God.
They were compelled to postpone their departure.
Their morale is high.
They moved ahead slowly.
They remained good friends.
They have gone to Europe.
They often play a practical joke on us.
They often drop in at my house.
They sang in tune.
They are well looked after.
They came to John and told him.
They made more powerful arms.
They caught a lion alive.
They armed themselves with rifles.
They were listening to the radio.
They submitted to their leader's order.
They were from Liverpool.
They sell apples, oranges, eggs, and so on.
They graded apples according to their size.
He caught them stealing apples.
They kept singing until a rescue team came.
They were seated at the table in a restaurant.
The group was seated in the back of the restaurant.
They are wrestlers.
They'd better beef up their report or it won't be accepted.
They seem to have had a good time in Rome.
They knew to an inch where the rocket would land.
They are going to send up a rocket.
They launched a rocket.
They call Robert "Bob".
They feasted on lobster and steak.
They set up a new company in London.
They have lived in London for ten years.
They set out for London.
They have fixed to go to London.
They called off their visit to London.
They're always having trouble with their word processor.
They celebrated his success by opening a bottle of wine.
They drank two bottles of wine.
They have to live on his small income.
They did not clap for us.
They captured foxes with snares.
They declined our invitation.
They came to love each other.
They fell in love, and in due course they were married.
They don't love their school enough.
They talked about love.
They went by without saying 'hello'.
They rose against oppression.
They were attacking against overwhelming odds.
They paid no attention to their safety.
They used to get on well together but now they are always quarreling.
They used to live next door to us.
They sent me a sample in answer to my request.
They exulted in their unexpected success.
They wear very little clothing.
They sent for the doctor.
They lost heart because they had won no games.
They left the town an hour ago.
They stayed at the hotel for a week.
They finished the work after a week.
They went there together.
They all answered "Yes" to a man.
They're not afraid of hard work.
They started all at once.
They stood up simultaneously.
They had to stay at home all day.
They had to work all year round.
They are typical young people.
They left early to catch the first train.
They were standing in a row.
They gave a series of concerts.
They were given over to drinking.
They were pioneers of space flight.
They waited on the porch until it stopped raining.
They got thoroughly wet in the rain.
They made little of the pouring rain.
They sought shelter from the rain.
It seemed that they were telling a lie.
They found it exciting to play baseball on the playground.
They laugh at him behind his back.
They dropped in at our house on their way from the movie.
They were swimming.
They didn't swim because it was cold.
They know how to swim.
They speak English or French or both.
They like English.
They could make themselves understood in English.
They are equally matched in their knowledge of English.
Are they speaking English?
Do they learn English?
They hurried to the station.
They drove to the station by car.
They set up a pole at the center of the circle.
They formed themselves into a circle.
They offered assistance.
They stand in need of help.
They walked two abreast.
They demanded the king be put to death at once.
They kept it to themselves that the king was dead.
They are plotting to kill the king.
They were ranged against the king.
They bestowed several gifts on the royal visitors.
They defied the laws of the king.
They should be pardoned by the amnesty law.
They grow strawberries in their greenhouse.
They are sitting as if charmed by the music.
They were dancing to the music.
They are talking about music.
They were not listening to music.
They live on the floor beneath.
They carried out a new experiment in chemistry.
They wondered what to do first.
They are agog to know what happened.
They stick to old customs in everything.
What a beautiful garden they made!
They walked miles and miles.
They want, more than anything else, to live in peace.
They want, above all things to live in peace.
What are they doing?
What are they at?
What are they after?
They lacked for nothing.
They had to read the book many times.
They waited for him for hours.
They went on arguing for hours.
They went on talking for hours.
They communicated with the Western countries.
They were thought to have died many years before.
They had been living where they could, sharing flats and baths, and kitchens, for some years.
They are in comfortable circumstance.
They are used to the humid climate of the summer.
They have a good store of food in the house.
They set about building a house.
They are building a house.
They are saving their money for the purchase of a house.
They broke down the house.
They saw the sights of Kyoto with their family.
They guard their families from poverty.
Because they had no time to spare, they hurried back to town.
They chatted with each other to pass the time.
They are spraying the fruit trees.
They sell fruit, bread, cakes, and many other things.
They are fond of fruit.
They canned the fruits to preserve them.
They went along the street singing the song.
They enjoyed singing songs.
They moved farther away from the fire.
They complained of the cold as there was no fire there.
They clustered around the fire.
They blew up the bridge with gunpowder.
They set off fireworks.
They deposited their bundles on the rock.
They warned us of our possible failure in this plan.
They appealed to us for help.
They enforced obedience upon us.
They defeated our team by three goals.
They departed ten days in advance of our party.
They obstructed our plan.
They came to our assistance.
They rejoiced over the news of our success.
They are of us, you know.
They scorned our attempts at reconciliation.
They are more emotional than we.
They refused to help us.
They call us problem children.
They are suffering from hunger.
They are on the border of starvation.
They can not meet without quarreling with each other.
Every time they meet, they quarrel.
They never meet without quarreling.
They arranged a meeting.
They blamed him for the failure of the company.
They were transferred from one office to another.
They carried the injured man by car to the hospital.
They seem determined to press forward with their program of reform.
They bought a site with lovely views of the ocean.
They spent the night on the beach.
They made for the seashore.
They strolled along the beach.
They laid down a scheme for extracting salt from seawater.
They all termed it nonsense.
They are all in a hurry to catch a train.
They are all good men at heart.
They all appeared satisfied with your answers.
They all account Mr James an able businessman.
They all got into the taxi at once.
They all went to the restaurant.
They all boosted the candidate.
They were all great men.
They are all dead.
All of them have independent means.
They are people of a kind.
They all tried to talk at one time.
They all laughed at his jokes.
They all respect him.
They easily adapted to living abroad.
They cannot have gone out, because the light is on.
They cleared the street of snow.
They allotted to each player the benefits due him.
They are afraid that nuclear war will break out.
They seem to be worrying about nuclear weapons.
They failed to get any definite information.
They are getting on the bus at the corner.
They didn't have to speak about our school.
They live near the school.
They set up a school.
Learning runs in their blood.
They gave themselves up to the enjoyment of sensual pleasures.
They experienced emotional pain and despair.
They acclaimed him as their leader.
They acclaimed him their leader.
They acclaimed her Queen.
They are satisfied with a simple life.
They set out on a sightseeing tour.
They blamed themselves for being wrong.
It seems that they took the wrong train.
They sent my suitcase to London by mistake.
They rescued him from danger.
They have, among them, ruined our plan.
They embarked on the new project full of hope.
They disputed the ownership of the land for years.
They have orders to return home.
They are on their way home.
They sent up a balloon.
They are ignorant of the rules.
They will say your car is very lovely.
They grew warm over the debate.
They decided to put an end to the discussion.
They were engaged in a heated argument.
They got to a village under a hill.
They stood on the top of the hill.
They began to climb the hill.
They agreed on cease-fire terms.
They rushed out of the room.
They burst into tears.
They broke into laughter.
They were labeled radicals.
They do nothing but cry.
They looked as if they would cry.
They saw the waiter coming in a hurry.
They asked for an increase of salary.
They made a claim for higher pay.
They breed cattle and horses.
They were in Joe's class last year.
They went to a resort in the mountains last summer.
They started studying English last year.
They went to Kyoto last year.
They are having tea in the living room.
They disguised themselves as fishermen and escaped in a boat.
They wanted to take pictures of Kyoto.
They are seeing the sights of Kyoto.
They have nothing in common.
They have a common hobby.
They are bound together by common interests.
They agreed on a joint statement.
They completed the picture hand in hand.
They agreed to work together.
They have investigated the possibility of cooperation.
They crossed the border into Spain.
There is a strong bond of affection between them.
They had their houses destroyed by a strong earthquake.
They are collecting contributions for the church.
They watched the solemn ceremony in the church with awe.
They sent their son to Europe to acquire culture.
They decided to build a bridge.
They constructed a bridge.
They walked along a narrow path.
They were jumping about in excitement.
They joined in the temperance movement.
They live nearby.
They were told to play in the nearby park.
They have been on good terms with their neighbours.
They are scant of money.
They importune their parents for money.
They went out to Australia seeking gold.
They did everything in order to make money.
They want to become rich.
They are generous with their money.
They had to endure a hard life.
They labored over the budget for the fiscal year 1997.
They looked up at the sky.
They live close by the airport.
They shot down two enemy planes during the raid.
They filled in the blanks.
They filled the vacancy by appointment.
They feel hungry.
They left for Europe by air.
They go without shoes.
They expect some cooperation of you.
They are angry at your ill manners.
They must be waiting for you.
They refer to you as their friends.
They found Tom in the crowd.
They made their way through the crowd.
They intended to increase the military budget.
They escaped from prison.
They exchanged formal greetings.
They will cut down on their expenses.
They spent four hours discussing their plan.
They agree that they have no choice but to give up the whole plan.
They gave no heed to the warning.
They did not regard the warning.
They entered into a heated discussion.
They burst out into a storm of abuse.
They fought a fierce battle.
They checked the machine for defects.
They replaced the defective TV with a new one.
They were destined never to meet.
They will never agree.
They never tell a lie.
They should never play foul.
They are far from happy.
It's no use pleading because they'll never give in.
They intended to drill for oil.
They are boring a hole.
After all is said and done, he was a first-rate novelist.
They are unlikely to marry.
They bought a few pieces of furniture when they got married.
How long do you think they have been married?
They got married and settled near Boston.
It is twenty years since they got married.
They have been married two years.
They decided to marry.
They announced the date of their wedding in the newspaper.
They set the time and place of the wedding.
They haven't fixed a date for their wedding yet.
They advanced the wedding date.
They are related by blood.
They are cousins by blood.
They sat the bench, looking at the moon.
They can come on Monday or Tuesday, but not on Wednesday or Thursday.
They look healthy.
They went through the medical check-up.
They were making great progress in architecture.
The men have been shorn of their power.
They assumed a victory as their own.
They don't take care of that dog.
Don't they take care of the dog?
Do they take care of the dog?
They earmarked enough money for research work.
They kept quiet so that they would not be found.
They blamed me for my lack of foresight.
They must be educated enough so that they will make a wise choice.
They climbed the rugged north face.
They destroyed the native civilization.
They know how to make an atomic bomb.
They are accustomed to hard work.
They claimed credit for tax reduction.
They are content with things as they are.
They did not assimilate with the natives.
He had the privilege of a private education.
They take it for granted that what is new is better than what is old.
They decided to abolish the old restriction.
They compared the new car with the old one.
They disposed of the old car.
They did away with the old system.
They earn their living by collecting and selling old newspapers.
They parted with a firm handshake.
They embraced tightly.
They brought solid fuel with them.
They abandoned their country.
They chopped down all the withered trees.
They bathed in the lake.
They went on a picnic to the lake.
They are loyal to their master.
They strive constantly to improve customer relations.
They have tea at five.
They are disappointed with each other.
They tried very hard to gain an advantage over one another.
They admire each other.
They are of kin to each other.
They have mutual respect.
There's bad blood between them.
They rob, and furthermore cheat each other.
They were criticizing each other.
They communicate with each other by mail.
They entered into conversation.
They are talking with each other.
They study in the afternoon.
They have four classes in the morning.
They caught up with us later.
They must have made a mistake.
They drove the car one after the other.
They drove the car by turns.
They kept guard by turns.
They rushed to the scene of the traffic accident.
They were stuck for hours in a traffic jam.
They were hung up in a traffic jam for half an hour.
They were playing baseball in the park.
They may be playing in the park.
They sat on a bench in the park.
They sat on a park bench and began talking.
They live in a new house near the park.
They are running in the park.
They have made friends with their new neighbors across the street.
They stood face to face.
They missed a good chance.
They watched their chance.
They labored in the factories.
They seem happy.
They were rich as well as happy.
They are happy.
They lived a happy life.
They must be happy.
They are after happiness.
They went in search of happiness.
They dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima.
Not only did they ignore the protest, they also lied to the press.
They are immune to attack.
They walked three miles farther.
They formed a project to build a new school building.
They did not abide by the school regulations.
They were chatting on the campus.
They worked hard to aid the victims of the flood.
They went on a voyage.
They are collecting information by casual methods.
They were listening to the lecture attentively.
They are arriving here soon from Hong Kong.
They are high school students.
They have developed sophisticated computers.
They attract customers by offering high-quality goods.
They acted immediately by agreement.
They fought for the sake of their country.
They fought for the honor of their country.
They sued the government for damages.
They have to solve conflicts among nations.
They commanded a majority in the Diet.
They passed across the border.
They were delegates from India to the U. N.
They fed a black and a white dog.
They are now either in Kyoto or in Osaka.
They are having breakfast now.
They are discussing the matter at present.
They are now at rest.
They married on the third of this month.
They ought to have reached there by now.
They have nothing to do with the subject we are discussing.
They must have arrived home by this time.
They are out of work now.
They won't play tennis this Saturday.
They are having breakfast at eight this week.
They are all away on holiday this week.
They are loading coal into a ship now.
They are running now.
They don't have to go to school today.
They have been good neighbors to this day.
They look happy today.
They are to hold a party tonight.
They take great pride in their daughter, who is now a famous singer.
They are aware of the difficulties.
They fell into the difficult problems.
Despite the hardships, they persisted in giving each of their children a college education.
They got into difficulties.
They called off their engagement.
They are confused, aren't they?
They confused the names of the sender and the addressee.
They didn't want to get any gold dust.
They found a mysterious city in ruins in the desert.
They are looking for chairs to sit on.
They got married of late.
They fought to the last man.
They are the coolest of the cool.
They did not know what to do first.
They were pleased at the birth of their first child.
At first, they didn't believe him.
They closed down the ferry service since it was no longer economical.
They were calm in the face of disaster.
They should face a penalty for their crimes.
They are arguing about their share of the property.
They are suffering financial difficulties.
They set sail for New York yesterday.
They went to the zoo by bus yesterday.
They studied English yesterday.
They met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs yesterday.
They robbed the bank of some money yesterday.
Were they in the library yesterday?
They passed by her house yesterday.
They arrived here safely yesterday.
They visited their parents yesterday.
They got married last fall.
They made love last night.
They were called out three times last night.
They entertained us at dinner last night.
They set out last night.
They made a great tumult last night.
They lost their way in the mountain.
They couldn't decide whether to go to the mountains or the sea.
They lodged by twos and threes in the cottage.
They set up a tent on the mountaintop.
They sympathized with the miserable criminal.
They got to business.
They are at work.
They accomplished their mission.
They fled in all possible directions.
They were scattered in all directions.
They fled in all directions.
They started early for fear they should miss the first train.
They named their child Thomas.
They shouldn't let children swim in that river.
They accused the teacher of being too strict with the children.
They only stayed together for the sake of their children.
They worked hard for the sake of their children.
They have known each other since their childhood.
They differed with each other on the care and upbringing of their children.
They are earnest about their children's education.
They demanded that the mayor should resign.
They have full confidence in their leader.
They are living on charity.
They gave him up for lost.
They insisted on my making use of this opportunity.
They were not aware that I was not there.
They accused me of taking the money.
They insisted on my paying the money.
They insisted on my attending the meeting.
They insisted on my making use of the opportunity.
They are all alike to me.
They were anxious I would help them.
They don't allow us to go to disco.
They won't allow us to enter the garden.
They like us to come and stay with them.
They live in our block.
They supplied us with food.
They are our dearest friends.
They are very thick with our family.
They are the pupils of our school.
They were sitting on the sofa in our living room.
They are jealous of our success.
They are much taller than us.
They had started earlier than we had.
They had started earlier than us.
They made us work all day long.
They made us work all night.
They invited us around for a meal.
They kept us waiting outside for a long time.
They asked me to join the union of the company.
They asked me what my name was, where I came from, and why I had come.
They didn't tell me so.
They charged me with the important task.
They forced me to take the medicine.
They are very kind to me.
They require me to work harder.
They asked me for something to drink.
They were glad to see me.
They asked me to make a speech at short notice.
They have charged me 30 pounds for the shoes.
They advised me to go to the police station.
They paid me in kind.
They are pushing me for payment.
They asked for my help.
They have assigned me a small room.
They shifted the blame onto my shoulders.
They were very kind to me.
They forced me to sign my name.
They forced me to sing a song.
They required me to keep silent.
They often say I like a spirit of cooperation.
They gave a big party for me.
They gave in to my opinion.
They didn't take much account of my opinion.
They stole apples from my orchard.
They robbed my orchard.
They dashed water into my face.
They went against my wishes.
They are my classmates.
They came to the hospital to inquire after me.
They deprived me of my liberty.
They answered my questions with difficulty.
They have been in my employ for five years.
They laughed away my worries.
They acted according to my advice.
They mistook my politeness for friendship.
They are strongly opposing my proposal.
They are familiar with my father.
They don't know my name.
They are my friends.
They aren't my parents.
They kept me waiting for an hour.
They made fun of me.
They made me go there.
They said they would employ me at the office.
They invited me to the party.
They made me go there alone.
They call me Bob.
The moment they saw me, they waved.
They regaled me on a Chinese banquet.
They looked on me as their leader.
They made me captain.
They greeted me with a smile.
They made me wait for a long time.
They addressed me as doctor.
They did me a great wrong.
I gather that they'll agree with us.
They made us work all day.
They paid us each 1,000 yen.
They will send us lumber.
They declined the invitation to our party.
They congratulated us on our victory.
They are considered the aristocracy in our town.
They scoffed at our efforts.
They are superior to us in learning.
They know us.
They entertained us at dinner.
He was a poet and diplomat.
They are a poet and a statesman.
They studied very hard so as not to fail in the exam.
They failed in the examination.
They lost the game but observed the rules.
They were eager for the game to begin.
They had games, made good friends, and enjoyed themselves very much.
They are short of funds.
They ended capitalism and built a socialist society.
They made for the scene of the accident.
They blamed him for the accident.
They ascribed the accident to the bad weather.
They were apprehensive that the situation would worsen.
They built an extension to the office.
They have something in common.
They started a drive to raise a charity fund.
They finished building the bridge on time.
They rent the car by the hour.
They have a strict idea of time.
They were so busy they didn't realize what time it was.
They visit us from time to time.
They visited me occasionally.
They came here one after another.
They jumped into the water one after another.
They are deliberating what to do next.
They are eager to win the next game.
They went to the park the next morning.
They were leaving Japan the next day.
They will have been staying here for two months next Sunday.
They started one after another.
They fell one after another.
They arrived one after another.
They came in one after another.
They became sick one after another.
They brought trouble on themselves.
They stood up for the rights of their nation.
They broke out into spontaneous laughter.
Of their own accord they agreed to his plan.
Little did they imagine that they would lose the game.
They kept it secret that they were in love.
They build their house for themselves.
They owned the lot between them.
They didn't neglect their own duty.
They named their dog Lucky.
They hoped to change their outlook and plans.
They knew that doing their work cheerfully is the only way to make routine work bearable.
They looked up to their leader.
They are fanatical in their beliefs.
They made many sacrifices to get their own house.
They believe their country is secure against foreign enemies.
It is important for them to do their best.
They spoke well of their grandson.
They make good use of their rooms.
They boast of their bridge.
They fought for their liberty.
They fought in the cause of freedom.
They died for the cause of liberty.
They held a protest march for freedom.
They are struggling for freedom.
They aligned themselves with the Liberals.
They blamed the failure on George.
They were plainly dressed.
They make themselves out to be poorer than they really are.
They were lying on the grass.
They lost some symbols of social intercourse.
They demanded that the president resign.
They had no other resource but to apologize.
They got out of the car.
They went to Chicago by car.
They have to repair their car.
They live in a rented house.
They are too far in debt to get the small business loan.
They regret not having valued the days of their youth more.
They married when they were young.
They spoke ill of the captain in his absence.
They went hand in hand.
They give part of their spare time to take care of the sick.
Are they writing a letter?
They felt their way in the dark.
They kept on feeling their way.
They had a good hunt.
They succeeded in catching the tiger alive.
They demonstrated against the raising of the tuition fees.
They bound the prisoner's arms and legs.
They set the prisoner at liberty.
They equate religion with church-going.
They meet once a week.
They have English lessons three times a week.
They are paid by the week.
They don't go to school at the weekend.
They used to go for a drive to Nagoya Port on weekends.
They like to get together and drink.
They had no house to live in.
They have no house to live in.
They are looking for a house to live in.
They were burdened with heavy taxes.
They run like pigs from a gun.
They armed themselves with guns.
They bartered guns for furs.
They always sit up late doing their homework.
They are beginning their homework.
They held a congratulatory banquet.
They made for the exit.
They are about to start.
They were watching for the signal to start.
They shouted as loudly as they could.
They watched four hours at night in turn.
They made speeches in turn.
They each sang in turn.
They shouted for help.
They hung out the flag for the Queen's visit.
They won the day.
They do anything in order to win.
They assumed the victory as their own.
They said their prayers for victory.
They are not merchants, but farmers.
They are shrewd in trade.
They start for Europe on business.
They are not little children.
They grind wheat into flour.
They studied it a little bit, but they couldn't spend all day finding out what to do, so they finally picked up the other one, and the water went out again, all over the floor.
They don't do a lick of work.
They got through the marsh.
They fought the fire.
They laughed over their silly misunderstanding.
They laughed and cried at the same time.
They laughed the speaker down.
They contended with each other for the prize.
They are contending for the prize.
They went on board the ship.
They move from place to place, often change jobs, divorce more frequently, and take economic and social risks which seem dangerous.
They are constantly trying to outdo each other.
They are crying to the government to find employment for them.
They are in the teachers' room.
They finished their meal.
They are having dinner.
They are alert to the dangers of food poisoning.
They are short of food.
They were cut off from food supplies.
They are suffering from want of food.
They fought for freedom of religion.
They resisted the invaders.
They sat up all night.
They hurried by without a glance.
They moved to a new house.
They are satisfied with the new house.
They will set up a new company.
They worked hard in order to develop a new machine.
They assailed the new teacher with questions.
They held a dinner for the new president.
They formed a new political party.
They are trying to organize a new political party.
They cry out against the new tax.
They found out a new method.
They started a new business.
They advertised a new car on TV.
They amplified their argument by new facts.
They want to increase food production by growing new kinds of rice.
They have erected a new government.
They teased the new student.
They exchanged the New Year's greeting.
They adopted a new policy.
They were not able to respect their new lord.
They tried to collect wood from the forest.
They could not help shuddering when they found a dead body in the wood.
They are making for the forest.
They went through the woods.
They roamed about the forest.
They are deeply in love.
They talked and talked until after midnight.
They thanked God.
They are in the hands of the gods.
They stayed at a new hotel in Kobe.
They were kind enough to assist us.
They are willing to learn English.
They are willing to help us out.
They could not expect to make progress.
They succeeded in putting an artificial satellite in orbit.
I found them lying on the artificial grass.
They caught sight of the man among the crowd of people.
They campaigned for racial equality.
They worked to help people.
They have been cheated of the best things that life has to offer.
They discussed the subject of the offender of the meaning of life.
They furnished the library with many books.
They have access to the library.
They checked how pure the water was.
They splashed water over me.
They camped at the water's edge.
They became food for fishes.
So they filled them to the brim.
They won by force of numbers.
They have to study hard for the math test.
They started hours ago.
They started hours ago, so they ought to have arrived here by now.
They went on working for hours.
They went on a trip a few days ago.
They eat half the world's wheat.
They are making every effort for the promotion of world peace.
They didn't oppose the project just because they feared public opinion.
They did not oppose the project just because they feared public opinion.
They did not oppose the project because they feared public opinion.
They extended their territory by conquest.
They are indifferent to politics.
They liked to argue about political issues.
They don't deal in political matters.
They are organizing politically and working to ensure that they are respected and valued.
They organized a political party.
Guided by the star, they reached the island.
They are decked out in their Sunday clothes.
They fought in the cause of justice.
They could barely make ends meet.
They had better cut down their living expenses.
They found it difficult to earn a living.
They were swearing at each other at the top of their voices.
They cried out in chorus "No!"
They answered in chorus.
They clamored emphatically against the nuclear tests.
They shouted at the top of voices.
They headed westward.
They were the native New Zealanders before the Western people came.
They cast bronze into a statue.
They falsified the account balances to evade the tax.
They are in favor of the reform of the tax laws.
They used to live in luxury.
When they had read what was written on the stone, the younger brother said:
They marked off the land for their house with rows of stones.
They burned some coal.
They are loading oil into the ship.
They are boring the ground for oil.
What do they call their baby?
They named the baby Graham after their uncle.
They named their baby Jane.
They contributed money to the Red Cross.
They built the ship in accordance with the plans.
They like to play in the snow.
They found the track of a bear in the snow.
They were constantly quarreling.
They live in constant dread of floods.
They stood against the picturesque scenery.
They went to America last month.
They were to have been married last month.
They climbed Mt. Fuji last week.
They gave a play to entertain their teachers.
They are teachers.
They were scolded by the teacher.
Their teacher is making them study hard.
They answered their teacher's question with difficulty.
They were afraid of the teacher.
They waited for their teacher.
They congratulated their 'sempai' on his promotion.
They fished the stream for trout.
They aren't swimming in the river.
They washed themselves in the river.
They built a bridge across the river.
They live across the river.
They advanced to the river.
They rowed up the river.
They swam across the river.
They made their way across the river.
They lost the battle.
They died in battle.
They invaded the country with tanks and guns.
They moved the troops back in a sudden change of tactics.
They explored every avenue in an attempt to avoid war.
They lived in the countryside during the war.
They had to endure great hardship during the war.
They sailed around the world.
They warned the ship of the danger.
They drew their boat on the beach.
They are likely to get seasick.
They carried out the captain's order to the letter.
They came early so they wouldn't miss the prelude.
They crept forward.
They resemble each other in all respects.
They backed him up in everything.
All of them are not present.
They are not at all interested.
They were not brave at all.
They were a good group as a whole.
They are five in all.
They are all so much alike that I can't tell which is which.
They backed me up in everything.
They defended their country.
They fought in defense of their country.
They are a nice couple; they are always in sympathy with each other.
They came to terms with the union leaders.
They agreed to start early.
They arrived too soon.
They left the camp early in the morning, arriving in the town before noon.
They gave mutual help to each other.
They leaned out of the window to watch the parade.
They painted the window frames yellow.
They left it to me to decide on a gift.
They are a perfect match for each other.
They are keen for their sons to live together.
They are disappointed in their son.
They despaired of their son.
They spent a lot of money on their son.
They felt disgraced by their son's wild behavior.
They named their son John.
They renounced their son.
They had brought up their sons to stand on their own feet.
They strengthened the embankments to secure the village against floods.
They supplied the villagers with food.
They diverted the river to supply water somewhere else.
They should not intervene in the internal affairs of another country.
They were more or less surprised at the news.
They are faced with a multitude of stresses.
They have lost a lot.
They went through with many difficulties.
They overcame many inveterate superstitions.
They won the battle at the cost of many lives.
They were confronted with many problems.
They laid off many workers at that point.
They did it at great expense.
They had been thumping the drum all along.
They are making good use of the heat from the sun.
They elected Taro captain of their team.
Are they in the gym?
They gathered in the gym.
They were tired of waiting.
They are lazy. I can't understand such people.
They had no alternative but to retreat.
They are talking in the kitchen.
They broke in through the kitchen window.
They have a large house.
Their progress was stopped by a wide river.
They gained great wealth.
They manage to get along without much money.
Theirs is a large household; they have six children.
They study in order that they may enter the university.
They liked large cars.
They loved to spend all day playing together.
They elected him mayor by a large majority.
They signed a three-year contract with a major record company.
They howled with laughter.
They will be accepted by their peers in adulthood.
They crossed the Atlantic Ocean.
They live in a great house.
They listened to the President making a speech over the radio.
They attempted to assassinate the president.
They demanded that President resign.
They were for the most part young girls.
They are chiseling a statue out of marble.
They have plenty of grain in store.
They had been in the States until the end of World War II.
They cashed in on the second oil crisis.
They eat a lot of rice.
They aren't hated by anybody.
Who are they?
None of them are happy.
They participated in the team games.
They wear their hair bobbed.
They got a warm reception.
They gathered about the fireplace.
They chased the man to arrest him.
They take it for granted that men and women are equal.
They agreed on a price.
They pretended ignorance.
They took the subway.
They believed that the earth was flat.
They argued that the earth is round.
They know the importance of protecting the earth.
They fled the town after the earthquake.
They loaded the trucks with emergency supplies for the earthquake victims.
They studied the map to find a short cut.
They sit on the ground or on blankets made of the wool of the llama or alpaca.
They had little information about geography.
They are rowing a boat on the pond.
Maybe they are somewhere around the pond.
They will find out sooner or later.
They carried on the summit conference till late.
They could reach there without delay.
I think that they will be late.
When they arrived in the town they found it easy to make friends.
They began to quarrel among themselves.
They made up and became friends again.
They fixed up a quarrel.
They are interested in abstract reasoning.
They continued the experiment day and night.
They work only during the day.
They are impatient for their lunch.
They ate sandwiches for lunch.
They interrupted the meeting for lunch.
They seated themselves at the table ready for lunch.
They are at lunch.
They worked hard day and night.
They worked around the clock.
They worked hard from morning till night.
They made him work from morning till night.
Do they get up early in the morning?
They set forth on the return journey early in the morning.
They made their way toward the town.
They advanced on the town.
They are amid the city noises.
They will contribute greatly to the growth of the town.
They walked around the corner.
They had a long wait for the bus.
They had to strive against natural calamities for ages.
They stood talking for a long time.
They have lived here for a long time.
They lived in a very small house at the end of a long, gray street.
They came presently to our rescue.
They came to our rescue at once.
They abandoned the sinking ship.
They kept silence.
They negotiate with their employer about their wages.
They were turned away without wages.
They worked together to put out the fire.
They weren't warned of the tidal wave.
They were rescued by a passing ship.
They cleared the streets of snow.
They distributed pamphlets to passers-by.
They seem to go together.
They complained about their low wages.
They went on board a liner.
They increased the territory of the empire.
They are stopping at the Empire Hotel.
They grow flowers in the garden.
They are having lunch in the garden.
They are out in the garden.
They are pursuing the robber.
They bound the thief to a tree.
They sounded the alarm when they saw the enemy approaching.
They are not enemies, but friends.
They came to terms with their enemy.
They fought against the enemy.
They ambushed the enemy.
They began to make violent attacks against the enemy.
They overcame the enemy.
They called down the wrath of God upon the heads of their enemies.
They sank ten enemy ships.
They were exposed to the enemy's gunfire.
They monitored the enemy's radio communications.
They conceived a plan to surprise the enemy.
They attacked the enemy.
They exulted over the defeat of their enemies.
They fought a fair battle with the enemy.
They yielded the town to the enemy.
They attempted to break through the enemy line.
They chatted about the weather.
They are very interested in astronomy.
They closed up shop and left town.
They went down to the country.
They settled in the country.
They elected Mr Tanaka captain of the team.
They made room for the old lady on the train.
They crossed the vast continent on foot.
They were caught in a shower on the way.
They are planning to connect the cities with a railroad.
Their effort resulted in success.
They yielded their land to the invaders.
They denied the humanity of slaves.
They labored like slaves.
They always go skiing in winter.
They shut up their store for the winter.
They were frozen to death.
They built a small village on an island.
They obtained a yield of 8 percent on their investment.
They summed up the voting.
They explored Lake Tanganyika in East Africa.
They had lived there until they came to Tokyo.
They found the stolen money.
Did they live here?
They entered into a discussion.
They attempted to escape.
They are proud of their clever son.
They condemned him for his cruelty to animals.
They went to the zoo.
They are the same age.
They are in the same class.
They have the same habits.
They can produce the same goods at a far lower cost.
They became all the better friends because they entered the same college.
They were on board the same airplane.
They are in the same camp.
They arrived in Paris at the same time.
They started at the same time.
They cleared the road of snow.
They live on the other side of the road.
They made the road more even.
They had a culture of their own.
They arrived in Southern Rhodesia, and there was a choice of an immigrants' camp, consisting of mud huts with a communal water supply, or a hotel; and they chose the hotel, being what are known as people of means.
They explored the Antarctic.
They went on an expedition to the Antarctic.
They were speaking in a Southern dialect.
They could not cope with difficulties.
They established a Japanese language class for the refugees.
They did a good deed in helping refugees.
They are appealing for money to help refugees.
It's not as if they were BOTH rich.
Both of them are kind and honest.
They would never meet again.
They were never to meet again.
They had gone there two days before.
They are paid by the day.
They live in a sunny house.
They substantiated their claim by producing dated receipts.
They often connect Japan with Mt. Fuji.
They often associate Japan with Mt. Fuji.
They settled in Japan.
Five years have passed since they came to Japan.
They became citizens of Japan.
They spent hours in argument about the future of Japan.
Are they Japanese or Chinese?
Are they Japanese?
They employ foreigners because Japanese workers are in short supply.
They are trying to drive Japanese goods out of the market.
They are scheduled to leave for New York on Sunday.
They go to church on Sunday.
They go to church on Sunday morning.
They caught up with him at the entrance.
They saw a cat climbing up the tree.
He crept on all fours like a cat.
They must have failed through lack of enthusiasm.
They were burning with enthusiasm.
It seemed that they were interested in tropical fish.
They don't want to advance in years.
They are kind to old people.
They have nothing in common with the older generation.
They had to clean out the goods in stock within the year.
They sat according to age.
They are thought of as competent.
They study about the function of the brain.
They led a happy life on their farm.
They built a fence around the farm.
They blocked the flow of water from the burst pipe.
They advertised that they had a house for sale.
They advertised a house for sale.
They defused the bomb before it could blow up.
They knocked the box to pieces.
They work in the fields.
He took a room at the Yaesu Hotel.
They escaped being punished.
He was laughed at for being so ignorant.
They were angry at his not coming to the meeting.
They accused him of stealing the bicycle.
They are helping him to solve it, but, all the same, it is a hard problem.
They concluded that he had told a lie.
They heard him come downstairs.
They insist that he should go.
They could not tell whether he was dead or alive.
They assisted him in performing the operation.
They often heard him speak ill of others.
They thought he was the son of the Sun.
They caught him stealing.
They argued that he killed her.
They saw him enter the room.
They caught him playing a trick on his sister.
They accused him of being in the classroom in order to cause trouble.
They supplied money to him.
They requested him to do the job.
They wished a hard job on him.
They suggested to him that he go alone.
They branded him as a liar.
They demanded money from him.
They forced him to tell the truth.
They accorded him many honors.
They forced him to sign the letter.
They made him sign the contract.
They found him guilty.
They let him tell the story.
They laughed at the affectations in his speech.
They regarded him as a good scholar.
They regarded his behavior as childish.
They made him sign the contract against his will.
They hung on his every word.
They inquired about his past experience.
They awarded him a gold medal for his achievement.
They flattered him about his diligence.
They asked his brother to help them with their homework.
They were angered at his decision.
They congratulated him on his marriage.
They gave serious attention to his words.
They forgave him for his crimes.
They were very saddened to hear of his death.
They laughed at his mistake.
They turned him over to the police.
They neglected his advice, with the result the their company went bankrupt.
They hooted at his suggestion.
They dismissed his criticism as hypocrisy.
They blotted out his name from the list.
They entered his name on the list.
They said that his claim was false.
They granted his request.
They expressed their deep love of their country in their own ways.
They pay little attention to him.
He cannot answer their questions.
They looked on him as a great judge.
They made fun of him.
He was made captain.
They made him the chairman of a club.
They incited him to commit the crime.
They call him Jim.
They regarded him as the ringleader of the murder case.
They consider him unfit for that job.
They consider him unfit for the job.
They made him captain of the team.
They consider him a hero.
They look up to him as their leader.
They looked on him as their leader.
They chose him for their leader.
They regarded him as a great scholar.
They installed him as chairman of the committee.
They entangled him in a plot.
They worshipped him as a hero.
They called him a coward.
They look up to him as their benefactor.
They elected him chairman.
They agreed to elect him as president.
They were suspicious of him, and not without reason.
They appointed him chairman.
They buried him in the graveyard by the church.
They looked on him as an authority.
They laughed at him.
They regarded him as a national hero.
They didn't kill him. They just roughed him up a bit as a warning.
They looked up to him as their leader.
They appointed him manager.
They honored him as their leading statesman.
They lifted him carefully into the ambulance.
They identified him with God.
They respect him.
They looked on him as a great scholar.
They decided to exclude him from their circle.
They bound him to a pole.
They mistook him for his brother.
They consider him intelligent.
They made him work.
They enrolled him as a jury member.
They will look up to him as their benefactor.
They booted him out of school for not studying.
They sent him to North America.
They forced him to give in to their opinion.
They appointed him as a director.
They dissuaded her from cutting her long hair.
They ask her many questions.
They invited her to go to the party.
They denied her any help.
They set aside her objections.
They met through her introduction.
They looked on her behavior as childish.
They stared at her swimming suit in amazement.
They paid attention to her attitude.
They sought to prove her guilt.
They bound her legs together.
They viewed her as a nuisance.
They elected her chairperson.
They held her in high esteem as their benefactor.
They excluded her from the meeting.
They used abusive language to her.
They made her go.
They admire her deeply.
They have treated her well.
They welcomed her warmly.
They kept silent for fear of offending her.
They appointed her to do the task.
They let her marry him.
They didn't stop working though they were tired.
They must have been tired.
Since they were tired, they turned in earlier than usual.
He was so tired that he could hardly stand.
They vote in secret, may seek public office, and may demand the removal of public officials who behave improperly.
Were they let in on the secret?
They called on us to do something to help the victims.
They supplied the sufferers with food.
They have to figure out the cost.
They will have to cut down their expenses.
They were very confused.
They were very excited.
They seemed to be discussing a matter of great importance.
They went out of the room very silently.
They worked in perfect harmony with each other.
They jostled one another to get out of an emergency exit.
They cut down the trees dying of disease.
They may be poor, but rich in spirit.
They live in poverty.
Though they were poor, they brought up seven children.
Even though they were poor, they were happy.
Poor though they were, they didn't worry about their future.
Being poor, they had to work hard.
They didn't yield to the poverty.
They passed an uneasy night.
They made a stubborn resistance.
They discarded unnecessary things.
They do nothing but complain.
They pretend to be man and wife.
They became man and wife.
They made a fool of him in the presence of ladies.
They gave up their plan to climb Mt. Fuji.
They were so frightened that they couldn't move an inch.
They usually go to school by bicycle.
They are not illiterate in the sense that they can not read or write at all.
They usually go to school from Monday to Friday.
They asked after my father.
They lamented the death of their father.
They hurried to their father's rescue.
They sang on the stage in turn.
They found the room empty.
They complained of the room being too hot.
They slept a little in the room.
They went out of the room, one after another.
They were lost at sea, at the mercy of wind and weather.
They set fire to their neighbour's house in revenge.
They split their sides laughing.
They gave him both material and spiritual support.
As soldiers they went to the front.
They broke down part of the wall.
They lived in peace.
They are a peace-loving people.
They're anxious for peace.
They are eager for peace.
They sat side by side.
They made a breach in the wall.
They parted, never to see each other again.
They each paid separately.
They live apart.
They contended against prejudice.
They were on duty by turns.
They cleared the pavement of snow.
They sell us freshly caught fish in the early morning market.
They were taken prisoner.
They dealt with the prisoners kindly.
They refused to go anywhere on foot.
They crossed the waters on foot.
They were clearing the snow from the sidewalk with a shovel.
They dug a grave.
They have very little to live on.
They are well off.
They scraped up enough money to buy a gift for their mother.
They were abandoned by their mother.
They rushed towards their mother.
They bought jewels and automobiles.
They dug here and there for treasure.
They went in search of treasure.
They are going to play baseball after school.
Do they have something like a compass?
They are filibustering to prevent the bill from passing.
They introduced a bill in Congress.
They worked hard like so many bees.
They have a large stock of information.
They saluted each other by raising their hats.
They were busy.
They were under the yoke of a tyrant.
They figured there was no hope.
They set out on an arctic expedition.
They went on an expedition to the North Pole.
They fly south from the arctic region.
They are as strong as us.
They're ignoring me.
I don't expect that they will support my view.
They paid little attention to my words.
They laughed at my idea.
They laughed at the photograph of my boyhood.
They appreciate my effort.
They are very alike to me.
They might tell us the truth.
They go to church every Sunday.
They worship every Sunday.
They wake up at six every morning.
They discuss the matter every day.
They need daily care.
They communicate with each other by telephone every day.
They go camping every summer.
They continued fighting against the invaders year after year.
They go skiing at Nozawa every winter.
They are sufficiently well off to be able to spend each winter in Florida.
Do they clip the sheep every year?
They telegraphed that everything was all right.
They are negotiating to reach a satisfactory compromise.
They cut out a path through thick jungle.
They have a strange affinity for each other.
They landed on an island safely yesterday.
They conducted a series of experiments under zero gravity.
They will survey the desert island.
They didn't die for nothing.
They got into the grip of ignorance and poverty.
They named their daughter Helen.
They announced the engagement of their daughter.
They are proud of their daughter.
They went on fighting the fire at the risk of their lives.
They are supposed to obey the orders.
They clearly have something different in mind.
They are going to give a party the day after tomorrow.
They are going to launch an artificial satellite tomorrow.
They are seeing their uncle tomorrow.
They will debate the question tomorrow.
They are having a party tomorrow.
They won't come until tomorrow.
They intend to marry tomorrow.
They are leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
They are leaving Japan tomorrow.
They acted together as if by compact.
They followed their leader blindly.
They are gathering nuts.
They sat under a tree.
They stripped the tree of its bark.
They sat in the shade of a tree.
They live in that house among the trees.
They had better have kept their mouths shut.
They listened to the teacher with their eyes shining.
They were standing still with their eyes wide open.
They attained their purpose.
They made straight for their destination.
They attained their aim.
They were waiting for the gate to open.
They were under the magical influence of the night.
They had a narrow escape under cover of darkness.
They crowded into my house late at night.
They went on talking all night.
They surprised the enemy at dawn.
They arrived there before dawn.
They are baseball players.
They didn't keep their promise.
They will keep their promise.
They accused me of having broken my promise.
They operated an oil well.
They faced the danger bravely.
Bravely though they fought, they were defeated.
They remained friends.
They had had to use what money they had.
They mentioned two famous tourist spots neither of which we have visited as yet.
On encountering the celebrity, they asked for his autograph.
They drank a bottle of red wine at dinner.
They finished the project on schedule.
What do they do with all their leisure time?
They are unworthy of the praise given them.
They must have struggled against adversity from their early days.
They attributed the low death rate of infants to the progress of medicine.
They were too naive to understand the necessity of studying.
They are faced with a serious situation.
They counted on monotonously to fifty.
They were not sure whether they could come or not.
They labored day after day.
They will get married next month.
They are going to perform "Romeo and Juliet" next week.
They will sail for Bombay next Monday.
They will set sail for Bombay next Monday.
They will arrive a week from today.
They're going to have a party next week.
They will put the project into operation next spring.
They believe in a life after death.
They faced the peril of falling rocks.
They went on putting aside fallen stones.
They were on the lookout for a storm.
They allotted the profits fairly.
They are maneuvering behind the scene.
They had no choice but to leave.
They feared being overheard.
They bundled off in anger.
They swam against the stream.
They drifted down the river.
They are susceptible to changes in fashion.
They are picked soldiers.
They were companions on the journey.
He had a great fancy for traveling.
They are making preparations for the trip.
They were excited over their travel plans.
They are preparing for their trip.
They approached the tourists and asked them for money.
They had plenty of money for the tour.
They didn't obey their parents.
They are nice boys and I am sure you will get on with them very well.
They were delighted at the good news.
They combined forces to fight the enemy.
They are the people who live next door.
They are planning to extend the railroad to the next town.
They lugged the refrigerator up the stairs.
They attended worship.
They believe that the soul is immortal.
They waited in line for the bus.
They got into the train.
They have lost 10 games in a row since their winning streak ended.
They scrambled for the penny in the street.
They stood on the balcony to watch the festival in the street below.
They are demanding shorter working hours.
They guaranteed regular employment to their workers.
They will organize a labor union.
They failed to take into account the special needs of old people.
They sued for peace.
They can think and speak.
They stopped to talk.
They were cut off in the middle of their telephone conversation.
They are not of above taking bribes.
They bribed the witness into silence.
They came walking arm in arm.
They walked along the avenue, arm in arm.
They were walking along the street arm in arm.
They're eating high on the hog.
I bought them each a present.
They'll give in to us some day.
They may yet be happy.
Are they coming as well?
Do you mind their coming too?
Don't make fun of them.
We practiced very hard to beat them.
It is our duty to help them.
He gave me authority to fire them.
They had to be turned away from the theater.
There's no need to see them off.
Will you help them?
Can you put them on the witness stand?
It is absurd to try to persuade them.
Let them come in.
Don't you like them any at all?
They love each other.
They look down on us as inexperienced young men.
They died one after another.
They did not know it themselves.
Although they are twins, they have few interests in common.
They are mere creatures of habit.
They are very compatible.
It seems a bit feudal to call him "sir".
Shall I have him go with you?
You ought not to treat him like that.
You may call him a liar, but you cannot call him a bad man.
If you flatter him, he'll do anything.
It is impudent of you to jest at him.
You should not make fun of him.
I can't help making fun of him.
He shall not come into this house again.
Did you know him?
He shall be scolded.
There is no one that knows him who speaks ill of him.
Please let him come at once.
It was decided that he should be sent for at once.
He shall go at once.
Let's call him Snoopy.
He shan't go there.
Don't blame him for the error.
I regard him as the best person for the job.
We have no call to appoint him to the post.
Dismiss him from that post.
I accommodated him for the night.
Nobody knows what it is that has been bothering him so much.
Don't take him in.
Have him wait a moment.
I caught a glimpse of him.
I must help him.
What do you make of him?
I feel like telling him what I think of him.
Don't stop him.
The Stars must be kicking themselves for giving him the boot.
We cannot praise him too much.
Quiet him down, will you?
I didn't invite him to the party. I feel guilty about it.
I went all the way to see him only to find him not at home.
I planned to introduce him to Beatrice.
There was no one but admired him.
Cornering him in an argument is easy - like taking candy from a baby.
Watch him and do likewise.
Keep a close eye on him.
All the more so to think well of him.
Whoever knows him well respects him.
I don't pretend to love him.
I accommodated him with a night's lodging.
It is incumbent on us to support him.
I managed to bring him around to my way of thinking.
We failed to bring him to agree to our plan.
There is a good argument for dismissing him.
I can't pretend to like him.
I couldn't help feeling sorry for him.
Let's receive him with a happy smile.
We did not move for fear we should wake him up.
It never occurred to me to doubt him.
You may call him a fool, but you cannot call him a coward.
I saw him off at the airport.
We gave him a royal send-off at the airport.
You'd better not make light of him.
Go and meet him, and while you're about it mail this letter.
I could not help laughing when I saw him.
As soon as I saw him, I burst into laughter.
The instant I saw him I knew he was angry.
I don't see him.
Look at him. He's drunk again.
Every time I looked at him, he was yawning.
To look at him, you couldn't help laughing.
I cannot help but sympathize with him any time I see him.
I never see him without thinking of my son.
The moment I saw him, I knew he was angry.
The instant I saw him, I knew he was ill.
He reminds me of my grandfather.
I cannot see him without thinking of my brother.
I don't want to see him, let alone go out with him.
Able was I ere I saw him.
To look at him, you could hardly believe it.
I have been to the airport to see him off.
Keep watch on him.
I inquired after him.
Employing him would amount to employing nobody.
When you employ him, you must make allowances for his youth.
His age didn't enter into our decision not to employ him.
If you treat him fairly, he will be fair with you.
To do him justice, he is not stupid.
It's not that I seriously like him. I just find him very attractive.
It stands to reason that nobody likes him. He's too mean.
Some people like him and other people don't.
I could hardly keep from liking him.
Can any girl like him?
What's the accusation against him?
I made believe that I supported him.
We thought it impossible to stop him.
We adopt him as our representative.
Follow his example.
He shall be fired.
Do you hold him in great account?
Outside of him, no one else came to the party.
I feel kind of sorry for him.
You ought to have invited him, but you didn't.
There was no one who did not admire him.
It makes him a laughingstock.
It was stupid of you to believe in him.
It is stupid of you to believe in him.
You should have known better than to trust him.
You ought not to believe him.
You can't trust him.
You should not trust him.
Don't trust him.
You are very silly to trust him.
I erred in thinking him trustworthy.
In believing him to be an honest man, I was seriously in error.
I tried to talk him out of the project, but in vain.
I convinced him of his fault.
We couldn't get anywhere in our attempt to convince him.
I don't see any point in persuading him.
I figure that there is no point in trying to persuade him.
I wish I could have persuaded him to join us.
It took a long time to bring him around to our point of view.
I had a hard time trying to talk him out of taking the trip.
It is no use trying to persuade him.
There's no use trying to persuade him.
It is absurd trying to persuade him.
You're the only person that can persuade him.
It is difficult, if not impossible, to persuade him.
We found it impossible to persuade him.
We have no trust in him.
Some of his students admired him, and others despised him.
He is inclined to start at once, without waiting for him.
I am inclined to wait for him and start.
There was nothing that I could do but wait for him.
All we can do is wait for him.
All we can do is to wait for him.
There is no possibility of our finding him.
Whether you know him or not, you have to support his opinion.
Do I know him?
All who knew him admired him.
Those who know him speak well of him.
Who that knows him will believe it?
Not knowing him, I asked my sister about his job.
The more I know him, the more I like him.
Show him in.
Bring him in.
Give him time.
I went after him, but I lost him in the crowd.
Through him I got acquainted with the big names of the town.
Don't make an enemy of him.
It is no exaggeration to call him a genius.
Would you mind calling him to the phone?
I called him to the telephone.
Try not to make him angry.
I didn't say a word for fear I should annoy him.
You must not shout at him.
You can rely upon him.
I gave no answer for fear I should confuse him.
There are six people including him.
Nothing but a full apology would satisfy him.
It is not his illness that ruined him so much as his idleness.
Don't make a fool of him.
Don't call those students fools.
Don't call him the criminal.
You can't mistake him for his younger brother.
Few, if any, will criticize him.
You ought to walk a mile in his shoes before you criticize him.
It was wise of you to keep away from him.
His repeated delinquencies brought him to court.
I am far from blaming him.
It is inevitable even if he is criticized.
I must hasten to add that I do not mean to blame him.
You take him to the hospital.
Could I ask you to drive him to the hospital?
I spoke to him kindly so as not to frighten him.
I doubt if he is a lawyer.
They buried him in his grave.
I can't let him alone.
When I called on him, he was hard at work.
I couldn't bring myself to call on him.
When I called on him, he was not at home.
I was welcomed whenever I visited him.
I expected that I would visit him, but I couldn't.
It's hard to please him.
Don't arouse him from his sleep!
He reported fully what he had seen to the police.
There wasn't enough evidence to convict him of the crime.
You should seclude him from temptation.
Nobody ever praises him.
It is up to you to support him.
It is very difficult to make him out.
Who should write it but himself?
Everybody except him thanked the critic for her honest opinion.
All but for he are here.
He's an odd man; so we'll have him referee.
His powerful speech carried the audience with him.
He himself said so.
He himself went there.
He himself did it.
She was taken in by his manners.
What's wrong with her? She's looking kind of blue.
She looks as if nothing had happened to her.
She has a husband and two daughters.
She seems down lately.
Her dress has an understated charm.
Who do you think she is?
She is beautiful and how!
She gets lost really easily. She's got no sense of direction.
Can she get the law degree?
No matter how often you write to her, she will not take notice of you.
There's no way she'll ever marry Sato.
The reason she killed herself is unknown.
She is able to speak ten languages.
See if you can catch the word she uses as she describes how she begins her day.
She is leading by two meters.
She cannot be over thirty.
She can't be over thirty; she must still be in her twenties.
She may well refuse to speak to you because she's in a very bad mood.
Is she your teacher?
There is no reason for her to scold you.
In that pink dress, she was it.
It was clear that she was not concerned with the matter.
Why is it that she was at the mercy of that friend of hers?
That she grew up in America is well-known.
I took her for an American.
I heard her speaking English as fluently as a citizen of the USA.
I am surprised that she should have changed so much.
Do you know the reason why she is so angry?
It's strange that she should have come home so late at night.
She spoke too quickly, so I couldn't understand.
She gave me some good advice.
It is surprising how little she knows of the world.
Try as she may, she is unable to beat him.
I really don't understand what's up with her.
It is not clear when and where she was born.
I don't know when she will leave for London.
Who cares when she will marry?
Whenever she may come, I am ready to welcome her.
Do you know when she will come?
It's anybody's guess when she'll come.
I miss her so much.
It's not as though the world is going to end if she leaves.
He will be angry to learn that she told a lie.
It became clear that she'd told a lie.
She cannot have told a lie.
I was angry that she had deceived my children.
She may well feel unhappy.
Why don't you just call a spade a spade and admit that she dumped you for that American guy she met at the English school?
She was a sight when she didn't wear makeup.
Scarcely had she put on her makeup before he arrived.
Hardly had she got in the bath when the postman knocked on the door with a parcel.
You must be careful that she doesn't fall over the cliff.
It is not rare that she leaves her umbrella behind.
When she lit the gas, there was a loud explosion.
She played the guitar and he sang.
I heard that she came here.
Did you know she is good at making coffee?
It's exciting to watch her run after a cockroach.
I'm sorry she's not here.
Let's suppose that she is here.
If only she were here, she would tell me what to do.
It doesn't matter to me whether she comes here or not.
A year has passed since she came here.
I saw her coming up the road.
She will show you around this town.
It is deplorable that she is so selfish.
Her mother has made her what she is.
Never was she so frightened.
She cannot be here so early.
That she behaves this way is odd.
She married John, not because she loved him, but because he was a rich man.
Everybody knew that she was being pushy.
She will soon clear away these dishes.
We hope she will take heart soon.
There is little hope of her getting well soon.
I hope that she'll get well soon.
It goes without saying that she is an excellent pianist.
She may well say so.
It was quite right of her to do that.
It is quite strange that she should say so.
It was surprising that she said that.
She can't have said so.
She came out of there.
It was a camera that she bought there.
That she was there is certain.
By the time she gets there, it will be nearly dark.
By the time you get out of prison, she'll have been married.
She reported the news.
She can't have done such a thing.
She can not have said such a thing.
I often heard her sing that song.
It took a whole day to paint the picture.
Nobody knows what has become of her.
She looked after the child.
Great was her surprise when she knew the fact.
It is no wonder that she was given the prize.
She may well be pleased with the success.
The baby had been crying for an hour when she found it.
I thought it difficult for her to get the ticket.
Seeing that she was not excited at the news, she must have known it.
She may have been surprised when she heard the news.
She may well be beside herself with joy at the news.
No one doubts her fitness for the post.
It will take her at least two years to be qualified for that post.
She bought a book at the shop.
Her implication in the crime was obvious.
It beats me how she could have gotten that secret information.
She had hardly begun to read the book before someone knocked at the door.
It's surprising that she doesn't know anything about it.
You can't deny the fact that she had a hand in it.
She cannot have done it.
The time will come when she will repent of it.
It is strange that she should do such a thing.
It is curious that she should have asked you such a thing.
She cannot have done such a thing.
It is surprising that she should say so.
She cannot have said that.
Don't you think it odd that she was in such a hurry?
I can't bear that she should suffer so.
It is strange that she should go home so early.
I am surprised that she refused such a good offer.
It is careless of her to make such a mistake.
It is strange that she should say such a thing.
She can't have said such a thing.
I wish that she would stop smoking.
Do you know who she is?
She was just about to take a bath when the bell rang.
She will clear the table of the dishes.
I feel badly that she failed her test.
She had hardly opened the door when a white dog rushed out of the house.
No sooner had she opened the door than a cat ran out.
He had no idea as to what she had in mind.
I didn't know the reason why she began to cry.
How did you get to know she was ill?
Do you know where he was born?
I know where she is.
Do you know where she is?
No one could tell where she was.
Tell me where she lives.
Do you know where she lives?
Do you happen to know where she lives?
It beats me where she's gone.
Wherever she goes, her child follows her.
It happened that he appeared when she couldn't decide which way to go.
Since she was wearing the very strange hat, people teased her.
To her great disappointment, it rained on the day of the picnic.
I feel a strong affinity for her.
However hard she tried, she was unable to please him.
I did not notice how glad she was.
You cannot imagine how happy she was.
You have no idea how distressed she was.
Try as she may, she will not be able to please him.
I wonder why she is so worried.
I know the reason that she quit her job.
It is still a mystery why she killed herself.
He completely failed to understand why she got angry.
Whatever she may say, I will not attend the meeting.
Do you remember what she said?
She cannot have seen me at the party.
Few people noticed her absence from the party.
It's too bad she can't come to the party.
Her debut was the biggest social event of the season.
I noticed her the moment she got off the bus.
The day she started for Paris was rainy.
She will accompany me on the piano.
She was heard to sing to the piano.
I saw her play the piano.
She was playing the piano when the guests arrived.
I often hear her play the piano.
Have you ever heard her play the piano?
She seldom, if ever, goes to movies by herself.
I don't know whether she likes her coffee black.
It is true that she teaches French.
She is tossing and turning in bed.
Her continuous chatter vexes me.
I don't know if she will go there with me.
It never occurred to me that she loved me.
He could hardly comprehend what she was implying.
Just as she was about to leave the store, she saw a beautiful dress in the window.
We must make allowances for her youth.
I was annoyed that she was still asleep.
I find it strange that she hasn't arrived yet.
I have heard say that she will get married before long.
He asked me whether she was coming.
She was ready to jump ship.
She gave me charming embroideries.
I want to get the book back from her.
I hear from her once in a while.
Her financial support is indispensable to this project of ours.
I found her letter in the mailbox.
I am expecting a letter from her.
Her answer couldn't be understood.
I would be very happy to hear from her.
I have seldom heard from her.
She sent you her best wishes.
I have not heard from her for a month.
I had a call from her for the first time in a long time.
I received a letter from her to the effect that she couldn't accept my marriage proposal.
I had a telephone call from her.
I was in the middle of reading when I had a call from her.
Have you heard from her?
When he saw her letter, he felt somewhat uneasy.
She brought apples, oranges, and so on.
It took a long time for her to write the report.
I was amazed that she had drunk all of the wine.
It is remarkable for her not to understand.
She broke into tears.
She works so hard that she can get good results.
She loves Tom, not me.
It's you that she loves, not me.
She acted as a guide.
After she picked up the first glass and water went all over the place, she called the boss out.
The thought of her going alone left me uneasy.
It is not good for her to live alone.
She may well be proud of her only son.
It is no accident that she won the first prize.
It became clear that she had told a lie.
Her facility with English is wonderful.
Everybody knew she could speak English well.
Have you heard her speaking English?
To hear her speak English, you would take her for an Englishwoman.
If you heard her speak English, you would take her for an American.
Do you know whether she can speak English?
When she looked, he shut the door and locked her into the totally dark closet.
He was very glad when she offered to help him fix his roof.
Do you know what she said?
It was not clear what she said.
I think it strange that she didn't say anything.
Ask her what she has done.
I do not know for certain what she is going to do.
I don't know for certain what she is going to do.
I had no idea of what she intended to do.
It wasn't clear what she meant.
Don't lose your head whatever she says.
It makes no difference what she said.
Ask her what she bought.
I found out where she was.
She cared for the children out of charity.
Ask him whether she is at home or not.
I assisted her in moving the furniture.
She began to sing, and we chimed in.
Can you hear her singing?
I heard her singing.
She is anything but a singer.
She laid hands on her own child.
She took part in our project.
It is not that she has rejected our offer.
He was in error in assuming that she would come to see him.
I am sorry that she is absent from the conference.
There is little hope of her recovery.
There is no stopping her going abroad.
She can't even speak her native language without making mistakes.
While she was out, the thief got away with her jewels.
I caught sight of her as she turned the corner.
It is true that she teaches French at school.
I think it's strange that she was absent from school.
She gave an address of welcome.
She was heard to criticize the manager.
It began to appear that she was wrong.
He will tell her about it when she comes back.
Should I wait for her to come back?
I will be gone by the time she comes back.
I feel sorry for her.
She fainted, and I had to hold her to keep her from falling.
I shouldn't wonder if she hasn't missed the train.
It is quite natural for her to get angry.
She was embarrassed by his sudden appearance.
Her tears perplexed him.
Tell me why she is crying.
He told me that she might well burst into tears.
I think you'd better lie low until she forgives you.
She was heard to cry.
We heard her cry.
It makes no difference to me whether she is rich or not.
She can't have said a thing like that to you.
It is quite natural for her to be angry with you.
She is very anxious about your health.
How should I answer if she inquires after you?
I was not aware of her absence.
I believe beyond doubt that she is innocent.
There is a rumor that she got married.
I heard from someone that she got married.
The news that she had married was a great shock to him.
She must have been over thirty when she got married.
What age was she when she got married?
I don't doubt that she is married.
I didn't know she was married.
The man whom she is going to marry is an astronaut.
The rumor that she's getting married is spreading around town.
The box she found was empty.
I feel grateful to hear that she has got well.
I don't know whether she will show up.
What she says may be true.
Can you make out what she is driving at?
What she said turned out to be false.
What she said wasn't true.
It took him a long time to take in what she was saying.
It took a long time to take in what she was saying.
I can't make out what she is saying.
When she called, I jumped up.
I just love her to death.
Her look says that she loves you.
It goes without saying that she is happy.
The war broke out when she was in Hiroshima.
It is no wonder that she didn't want to go.
It's not fair that she can go and I can't.
Since she's been gone, I want no one to talk to me.
I am very surprised that she became a Diet member.
The events that led up to her present fame are quite dramatic.
I wish she were alive now.
I will stay at home when she comes next.
I could tell at a glance that she was in trouble.
What she liked best was herring roe.
She was the last to cross the finishing line.
It is over ten years since she last went back to her country.
To my amazement she came first.
We must take into account the fact that she is old.
It doesn't matter whether she admits her guilt or not.
Her ability to amass a fortune is due to luck and hard work.
I tasted the cake she cooked.
What she told me yesterday is a white lie.
I wish she had come last night.
All she got for her pains was ingratitude.
Whether she will agree or not is not clear.
Whether she agrees or not is the question.
She is certain to turn up.
I have known her since she was a little girl.
Given her interest in children, I am sure teaching is the right career for her.
I often hear her refer to her childhood.
Everyone can tell she is thoughtful.
Who broke the news of her death to you?
The rumor of her death turned out false.
The news that she died is false.
She has been dead five years.
She has been dead for ten years.
Her deathly paleness is due to long illness.
French is taught us by her.
I never expected that she would join us.
I don't know if she wants to go with me.
She gave me this compact disc.
He asked me whether she had given me the book, or if I had bought it myself.
She taught me how to make a web site.
It is doubtful whether she will come to see me.
She came up to me and said "How are you?"
She sent me a postcard that said she hates the smell of animals.
I took it for granted that she would agree with me.
She smiled at me.
I couldn't think who she was when she spoke to me.
I'd rather she sat next to me.
She cannot have forgotten my address.
I reckoned on her to take my place.
I had her sweep my room.
She hindered me in my study.
I can't believe that she is older than my mother.
Had she been a friend of mine, I would have advised her not to do that.
I can't conceive of her deceiving me.
What a fool I am to think that she loves me!
She may be our teacher.
Her passing the exam is a sure thing.
I feel bad that she failed the examination.
There is little hope that she will come on time.
It is doubtful whether she will come on time.
Are you sure of her coming on time?
It is impossible that she should have killed herself.
Can it be true that she committed suicide?
We decided to let her alone until she stopped of her own accord.
It is necessary that she should go herself.
It's the way that she laughs at herself that endears her to me.
She can't have written it herself.
It is desirable that she should apologize to him herself.
The time will come when she will regret what she has said.
She may well be ashamed of her old clothes.
She may well take pride in her talent.
I have been to the place that she spoke about in her talk.
She is no match for me.
She held out her hand and I shook it.
Her letter saved me the trouble of visiting her house.
If only she were to help, the job would be finished sooner.
She stands a good chance of winning the prize.
As she is a lady, so he is a gentleman.
After making sure she was sound asleep, he crept out of the room and set off.
We had to get in touch with her before she went out.
She is exact in all the instructions she gives.
The party was animated by her presence.
We are delighted with her presence.
I went to the party on the presumption that she would be there.
Her first appearance on the stage was in 1969.
What she wrote is true in a sense.
You can always depend upon her to help.
She came to my aid.
She was heard to cry for help.
He was all the more angry because she wasn't in the least sorry.
To hear her laugh, you'd take her for a young girl.
Her smile indicates that she has forgiven me.
She is apt to win the prize.
As soon as she got on the train, it pulled out of the station.
She can only trust him.
She cannot have gone to bed yet.
All her imaginary happiness vanished in a moment.
Her anxiety was apparent to everyone.
She turned around and saw someone was following her.
He was relieved when she informed him that she had a rich new boyfriend.
There's a rumor abroad that she has got a new job.
She is a new addition to the teaching staff.
I like her all the more for her kindness.
Give her some flowers in return for her kindness.
When she comes of age, they are going to get married.
I am of the opinion that she is right.
It was through his influence that she became interested in ecology.
She is by no means honest.
It worried me that she looked pale.
She's going to be in charge.
Her constant complaints frustrated him deeply.
She had hardly entered the cabin when the light went out.
There is little possibility that she will be elected.
I noticed that she sat in the front row.
It was wise of her to leave home early.
I hope that she will get well soon.
If she had not advised her son, he would not have succeeded.
She may well be proud of her son.
We suggested that she should make up for the loss.
We demanded that she should make up for the loss.
I admit her superiority to others.
I've never heard her speak ill of others.
We must allow for her poor health.
Please explain the reason why she was arrested.
I heard her calling from the kitchen.
She came into the dining room to find it empty.
Didn't you notice that she was very excited?
Who she is I have no idea.
I like her all the better for her shyness.
We changed our plans because of her late arrival.
When she was late, I felt like scolding her, but I held my tongue.
She rarely, if ever, goes out of town.
I saw her coming across the street.
I stepped aside for her to pass by.
He stepped aside for her to pass.
She drove a car down a country road.
Might she have missed her train?
It happened that I was present when she called.
The tub ran over while she was on the phone.
It makes no difference to me whether she lives in the city or in the country.
Please tell me the reason why she got angry.
She may well get angry.
To her embarrassment, her baby never stopped crying.
I'll let you know when she arrives.
She may well be proud of her smart son.
There is no need for her to work.
I'm glad to hear that she is unmarried.
Her sudden appearance in the doorway surprised us.
The news of her sudden death came like a bolt from the blue.
Her sudden arrival prevented him from going out.
It will serve you right if she never speaks to you again.
It was true that she had got married twice.
When she came inside, we had finished eating dinner.
She has been hospitalized for 2 months already.
She has been in hospital for a month.
I can't see her ruin her whole life.
What she bought was very expensive.
He arrived the day she left.
She had her hair cut because she liked shorter hair, not because she had lost her love.
She gave me a humorous account of her encounter with him.
We were disappointed to hear that she had married him.
She has been married to him for a decade now.
No wonder she didn't show up to see him off. They broke up.
She is his present wife.
She cannot have turned down his offer.
I think it natural for her to decline his offer.
Her mention of his name rang a bell.
She may well speak ill of him.
I couldn't understand why she frowned at him.
The lot fell to her to help him.
It is quite natural that she should get angry with him.
Seeing that she is tired, we had better stop for a while.
That she was tired was plain to see.
There is no denying that she is very efficient.
It is not because she is beautiful that I like her.
He exclaimed that she was beautiful.
We are alone in believing that she is a beautiful woman.
She accompanied me to the hospital.
That she is ill is obvious.
The fact that she is ill worries me a lot.
It's too bad she's ill.
I'm afraid we can't rule out the possibility that she may have the disease.
She cannot have been ill.
It never occurred to me that she was ill in hospital.
She has been sick for a week.
She has been ill for three weeks.
Just because she is poor, it does not follow that she is dishonest.
There's no disguising the fact that she is dishonest.
It'll be a long time before she gets over her father's death.
Well may she admire her father.
I saw her leaving the room.
I could hear her sobbing in her bedroom.
There was a murmur when she entered the room.
When she returned to her room, the diamond ring was gone.
She came into the room.
As soon as she entered the room, I rose to my feet and made a deep bow.
As she entered the room, he sat up in his bed.
When she entered the room, he got to his feet.
Why was it that she got angry?
It never occurred to him that she would get angry.
I was surprised at her inability to do things promptly.
She painted the picture which is on the wall.
The doctor she visited is famous.
She gave me a present.
She got me by the hand.
I was anxious that she accept my offer.
I discovered that she was better at math than I.
She drives me mad.
I was very glad that she took my side.
They made fun of her because she had a funny hat on.
I know she is sleeping.
May she return home safely.
Make certain that she returned home safely.
She may well be proud of her daughter.
I can't ensure that she will be here tomorrow.
She was seen to run up the stairs with tears in her eyes.
I will have her call you as soon as she comes back.
I'll have her call you when she gets back.
I'll leave when she comes back.
Let's wait here until she comes back.
I saw her taking a walk in the park at midnight.
I am angry that she didn't keep her promise.
She cannot have broken her promise.
He predicted she would win.
The coat she wanted was eye-poppingly expensive.
When she turned up, the party was over.
Give her this letter when she comes.
As soon as she comes, we will begin.
He was going to leave the house when she came.
I had almost finished my work when she came.
I don't know the reason why she isn't coming.
Her absence robbed us of our pleasure.
Much to my disappointment, she did not come.
I little imagined that she would come.
What a pity she can't come!
Do you know the reason which prevented her from coming?
It is doubtful whether she will come.
I don't know if she will come.
I don't know whether she will come.
I have no information she is coming.
I heard her come here.
I will go provided that she comes.
I will wait until she comes.
She didn't need to come.
There is much talk that she is going to France next month.
It is true that she'll get married next month.
I had to grab her to keep her from falling.
The news that she got divorced was a big surprise.
While she was out the thief got away with her jewels.
I remember that she wore a green hat.
She is first in line.
The boy who she brought with her was very handsome.
He interrupted her while she was speaking.
The man whom she is talking with is Mr Allen.
The more she talked, the more bored I got.
The man with whom she is talking is Mr Allen.
She used all her skills making this dish.
She is old enough to know better than to expect too much of her parents.
Can a child of her age distinguish good from bad?
She just blew it off.
She soon adjusted herself to the new school.
She's smartly dressed.
She saw red at that moment.
Not only she, but her sons have been satisfied.
Not only she but also you are wrong.
Not only she but also her parents were invited to the party.
The girls are making merry in the yard.
Her speech was excellent.
They envy you your beauty.
They have left school now.
Do you remember what she was like?
They sang in chorus.
Women have grown tired of being looked down on by employers.
We didn't stay home yesterday.
She gave us lots to eat.
The women led the movement to obtain female suffrage.
They loved Nagasaki so much that they stayed there for a week.
She tries so hard, but she's just spinning her wheels.
She doesn't have a lazy bone in her body.
I'm getting married to her in June.
She opened the door.
I wish I could have gone with her.
It's a marvelous thing to do a play with her.
I am looking forward to seeing the film with her.
I generally agree with her.
She's as good as pie.
Do you ever date her?
I enjoyed talking with her.
I began a meeting with her.
She and I usually agree.
I meet her on occasion at a beauty shop.
What relation is she to you?
Do you see her often?
I haven't met her.
I hit it off well with her.
I hit it off badly with her.
I have not been on speaking terms with her for a few years.
She is more an acquaintance than a friend.
I feel comfortable in her company.
I don't feel at home in her company.
She is amusing to be with.
I feel ill at ease in her company.
You will never get bored in her company.
I am sorry that I could not go with her.
Will you meet her?
It is no use arguing with her.
I bump into her.
Whoever wants to marry her must first convince her father.
I had known her for ten years when I married her.
Tell me the reason why you married her.
I wish I had got married to her.
I will be able to marry her.
I couldn't make her out at all.
I have nothing in common with her.
She and I are in the same class.
It happened that she and I liked the same kind of music.
She and I get on well.
I exchanged seats with her.
I struck up an acquaintance with her.
It was pure accident that I came to know her.
How long have you known her?
I am friendly with her.
I made up with her.
I tried to keep in with her in vain.
I met up with her on the street.
I speak French as well as she does.
Can you distinguish her from her sister?
I got together with her mainly because we seemed to share the same feelings about things.
I can't stand losing her.
You should watch your language when you talk to her.
I am fed up with talking to her.
She is a student from Canada, staying with my uncle.
She will cope with all the work.
She deserves to succeed.
She married to the kind of man you would expect her to pick.
I have an acquaintance with her.
I owe ten dollars to her.
Shall I send a few books for her?
I am sure I saw her two years ago.
I have seen her three times.
My heart beats fast each time I see her.
I saw her only a week ago.
I remember telling her that news.
She seems to have found a boyfriend.
I tried to give her some money, but she wouldn't take any.
She shall serve tea.
To kiss her is one thing, and to love is another.
I motioned to her not to smoke.
It is true that I was head over heels in love with her.
Please give my best thanks to her.
Give her these roses, and she will be pleased.
I would like to thank you in advance for any help that you are able to give her.
I don't want to be the one who breaks the news to her.
Shall I ask her to send the book to us?
It is impossible to make her understand the theory.
I don't feel like telling her about it.
You shouldn't have told her such a thing.
It's rude of you to ask her that question.
She fooled me into giving her the money.
All sorts of rumors rose about her past.
I know nothing about her except that she is a pianist.
I know nothing about her.
Where did you see her?
To her joy, all the guest praised the meal.
Nothing is more precious to her than the brooch.
She values health above wealth.
Singing comes as naturally to her as flying does to birds.
It seems to be difficult for her to get along with students in the new school.
Nothing gave her greater pleasure than to watch her son growing up.
It makes no difference to her whether she lives in a city or in the country.
Ask her how much soup she wants.
She froze me in her stare.
She could not make both ends meet on her income.
We all thought she was devoid of sense.
She has two brothers, who work in the computer industry.
She has two sisters, who live in Kyoto.
She has three sons, who became sailors.
She has no fewer than seven sons.
She appears to have few friends.
I like her all the better for her naughtiness.
Her mother always accompanies her.
She has some faults, but I love her none the less.
I'm fed up with her.
She has two uncles; one lives in Kyoto and the other in Osaka.
She is proof against flattery.
I think she has a fair amount of sense.
She is said to have had a nice husband.
She has great charm.
She had, I thought, no reason to do what she did.
She is equal to the occasion.
She found the evening boring and uninteresting, in short, a waste of time.
The story came home to her.
She appears to have many friends.
She has a talent for dance.
I can't really read her.
She kissed me full on the lips.
She badly needed the money.
There's something mysterious about her.
She has a marvelous sense of humor.
Does she have any merit?
She had no dress to attend the party in.
Why don't you see if you can't give her a pep talk?
She has a daughter who is a pianist.
I was much annoyed with her.
I still have some feelings for her.
She has a son everybody loves.
She has a daughter whose name is Mary.
She has a lot of work to do.
As is often the case with her, she was late for the meeting this afternoon.
She is out now, as is often the case with her.
As is often the case with her, she broke her promise.
She is dead to pity.
I've met her before, but I can't place her.
She has an important air about her.
She has a son who is a doctor.
A pair of earrings is a nice present for her.
She had a vague feeling of guilt.
She has a natural talent for music.
There was something strange about her.
She has something of a magnetic force.
I remember meeting her somewhere.
I haven't seen her in years.
It was very difficult for her to control her emotions.
She didn't want to get involved.
She has the air of being a lady.
She has a brilliant future.
She has no sense of duty.
I have never dared to speak to her.
She has an uncle who works in a bank.
She has no brothers.
I like her none the less for her faults.
I love her all the more for her faults.
She has faults, but I love her none the less.
I like her the better for her faults.
With all her faults, I still like her.
For all her fault, they loved her.
She has some faults, but I love her all the more because of them.
She has a lot of faults. Still, I like her.
She has a lot of faults; even so, she is liked by everybody.
She has faults, too.
She will never have a second chance to visit Europe.
She has a way of keeping old letters.
It seems to me that she has a tendency to exaggerate.
She has five older brothers.
She has three sisters: one is a nurse and the others are teachers.
She has no children, does she?
She has no less than twelve children.
She has no less chance than I do.
She had no idea what I said.
She is nothing of a poet.
She can't tell the good from the bad.
She needed someone who would understand her.
She doesn't have any friends or relatives to take care of her.
She has no less than seven sons.
She has no money about her.
She has a comfortable income.
She had at least four faults.
She is lacking in common sense.
She has an eye for the beautiful.
She is free from care.
She is carefree.
She had enough wisdom to refuse the offer.
She has very few close friends.
She has a feminine insight into human behavior.
She has a few pen pals.
She has inherent dignity.
She has a remarkable capacity for learning languages.
She has two sons; one of them is a doctor, and the other is a dentist.
She has a son, who became a doctor.
She has many faults.
She has many faults, but I trust her none the less.
She had time to lose herself in her favorite amusement.
She has a son and two daughters.
She has many boyfriends, but this one is special.
She had plenty of acquaintances, but no friends.
She has a decayed tooth.
She has a bad habit of talking a long time on the phone.
She doesn't have any enemies.
She has no one to whom to leave the message.
I feel morally indebted to her.
Her loyalty to the firm compensates for her lack of talent.
She has a daughter who is tall.
She had a good argument in favor of choosing him as chairman.
She will have the courage to disclose their secret.
She is dogged by misfortune.
She has a subtle charm.
She has little knowledge of physics.
She has some literary talent.
She has a distinct English accent.
She appears to have a lot of friends.
She has a few friends.
She had something of the assurance of a famous actress.
She has a gift for prophecy.
She had no one to turn to.
She has no one to turn to.
She had good reason to file for a divorce.
She has no one to speak to.
I am ashamed of having been rude to her.
I plucked a daisy for her.
Don't hesitate to take the opportunity to propose to her.
Will you introduce me to her?
He is foolish to meet her again.
I am dying to see her again.
She has seen better days.
Give my love to her.
Please say hello to her.
I was writing her a love letter.
Show her how to roller skate.
I am attached to her.
I remember seeing her before.
Why don't you drop her a line?
Something is grating on her nerves.
I wonder what has happened to her.
I wonder what happened to her.
Ask her when she will come back.
It was very thoughtful of you to send her some flowers.
Let's acquaint her with our decision immediately.
I must remember to see her.
I never meet her without thinking of her dead mother.
Shota said that he was shy about seeing her.
You'll find it difficult to meet her.
It is difficult to see her.
The decision whether I should see her is mine alone.
I wish I had seen her.
Whenever I see her, I remember her mother.
I regret missing the chance to meet her.
I am excited at the prospect of seeing her.
I had never seen her.
I couldn't remember ever having met her.
I'll never forget seeing her.
In case you see her, please say hello to her for me.
Hardly a day went by when he did not meet her.
She opened the window, though I told her not to.
I'm going to propose to her.
Whenever I try to get near her, she pushes me away.
You might as well throw your money into the sea as lend it to her.
She had no brother.
I asked her to marry me and she accepted.
I can't take my eyes off her.
Don't tell her about it.
Her words made me mad.
She, of all people, wouldn't do such a thing.
I'm constantly telling her to behave herself.
Why not ring her up now?
I motioned her to a seat.
I motioned for her to sit down.
I was happy to see her again.
I saw her again.
Little did I dream that I would never see her again.
I got her to wash dishes.
I held the umbrella over her.
I feel inclined to agree with her.
I didn't know that she had a child.
She gave birth to a baby boy.
There is no disguising the fact from her.
I didn't get a chance to introduce myself to her.
You should apologize to her for being rude.
You should apologize to her for having been rude to her.
You should apologize to her.
You stay away from her.
Please remember to write to her.
What do you say to asking her to come and help us?
You should have asked her for help.
I wanted her to win.
I challenged her for evidence.
Don't be so down in the dumps. You just got dumped, that's all.
I bought her a new car.
I am reluctant to tell her the truth.
Her kindness gave me a lump in my throat.
Give her a doll.
I got her a doll.
Dare you ask her?
Tell her to come at noon.
She is going to have a baby.
There is no use talking to her.
Andreas feels hatred towards Angela.
Don't mention that she's put on weight.
He began to get suspicious about her.
I take a strong attitude toward her.
He hardened his heart against her.
I attended the meeting on her behalf.
Who will attend the meeting on her behalf?
It is no use giving her advice.
Why don't you tell her directly?
I quickened my steps to catch up with her.
Dare you call her?
I called her, but the line was busy.
Just when I was about to phone her, a letter arrived from her.
I'm sure I saw her two years ago.
I convinced her of his sincerity.
He said "Yeah" when she asked if he was tired.
We shall never see her match.
She has no one to wait on her.
Speak quietly lest she should hear us.
Let her replace it.
I wish she wouldn't pussyfoot about it and just say what she means.
I laid a blanket over her.
Try to stay on her good side and you'll be on easy street.
Be nice to her.
Be kind to her, Bill.
She was found guilty.
A good idea came across her mind at the last moment.
I fell in love with her.
I was at my wit's end after having failed to contact her.
When I tried to speak to her, I always found myself too shy to do more than stammer or say something stupid.
She ignores the fact that she is at fault.
Let's not talk to her.
Her only purpose in life was to get rich.
One of her three cars is blue and the others are red.
One of her three cars is blue and the others are white.
Her third movie greatly added to her reputation.
One of her four sisters has passed away but the others are still with us.
Her CDs are not bought by young people.
Her idea is very similar to mine.
Her warm personality adds charm to her beauty.
Her excuse resulted in nothing.
Be sure to take a note of what she says.
She's got the point.
She's got a point.
She is wrong.
She is missing the point.
There was no malice intended in what she said.
She always writes down every word her teacher says.
Don't say such a thing behind her back.
Don't say such a thing in her absence.
You can tell by her intonation that she lived in a Spanish speaking country when she was young.
Her waist measures 24 inches.
Hers is a respectable family with a long history behind it.
We can only know her approximate age.
It was down to her that he lived so miserably.
Was her uncle staying in London?
Her uncle is a famous doctor.
Her love of money is without bounds.
Why don't we go and see her in the hospital?
Her father made her tell him everything.
It is said that her father was killed in a traffic accident.
Her father passed away last week.
Her mother is a most beautiful woman.
Her mother lives in the country all by herself.
Her mother passed away last year.
Her mother has been sick since last Thursday.
Her mother has gone shopping.
Her mother made her a new dress.
Her gown was a cheap affair.
Her bag is the same design as her mother's.
I'm going to have two pieces in her gallery.
Her cool gaze made my heart skip a beat.
There are about forty students in her class.
Everyone in her class likes her.
It appears that her injury was pretty bad.
Her stern look told the boys that they were in trouble.
Her coat is fur on the inside.
Her coat was too casual for the occasion.
I can't get her out of my mind.
You need not have worried about her so seriously.
What strikes me most about her is her innocence.
It might be better to address her as Doctor.
I don't know her at all.
I know of her, but I have never met her.
We couldn't help feeling sorry for her.
Don't let yourself be troubled by the thought of her.
You need not worry about her.
Her very frowns are fairer far than smiles of other maidens are.
She was at a loss for what to do.
Don't interfere with her.
Her skirt fits closely.
Her skirt is yellow with polka dots.
Her skirt is totally out of fashion.
Her skirt is so long as to reach the floor.
Her skirt was a cheerful shade of bright green.
Her skating performance was a regular feat.
She is a woman of great beauty.
All her efforts culminated in failure.
Her actions are inconsistent with her words.
Her clothes were out of place at a formal party.
Her explanation of the problem added up to nonsense.
Her only interest is the accumulation of money.
Please book a room for her.
Her skill in dancing is well known.
Her technique is superb, but she needs to play with more expression.
She gave an illustration of how to pitch a tent.
What do you like about her?
The border of her dress was torn.
Her dress was made of coarse wool.
Her dresses show most of the hues of the rainbow.
Her dress attracted everyone's eyes at the party.
Her dress was a cheap affair.
Her dress looked cheap.
Her dress is not to my taste.
Her dress has white spots on a blue background.
She aims at becoming a teacher.
She can't build sentences yet.
I got a bang out of her party.
Her foolish idea is beneath notice.
There are a variety of articles in her purse.
There are many articles in her purse.
Her crying is just an act. Don't take it seriously.
She gave an amateur performance on the piano.
Her boots wear out much more quickly than mine.
Don't intrude on her privacy.
Take care not to intrude upon her privacy.
Her knowledge of French is greater than mine.
I cannot put up with her behavior.
She is not playing straight.
Her cheeks were red.
Her cheeks were tinged with pink.
Her cheeks were as cold as ice.
Apart from her, everybody answered the question.
Her pockets were bulging with walnuts.
Her cheeks burned with shame.
Her sons as well as she were happy.
Who can tell what will happen to her?
She receives scores of fan letters every day.
Her kindness appeased his anger.
I want to marry a girl like her.
Such beauty as hers is rare.
It took a long time to break down her reserve and get her to relax.
Her word processor is far better than that.
I am often irritated by her selfishness.
Seeing her lovely face relaxes me.
Her affectionate letter moved me.
Her affection came home to my heart.
Don't toy with her affections.
In her opinion, he is the best musician she has ever seen.
You had better take her advice.
Her ideas sound crazy.
She is right in her opinions.
I find her opinions odd but interesting.
Her consciousness grew fainter as death approached.
Her unkind words boomeranged.
What do you infer from her strange behavior?
Her unusual behavior gave rise to our suspicions.
We are all bewildered by her inconstancy.
Her desire to be a doctor spurred her on.
Her family moved to Brazil.
Her youngest child is five years old.
Her anecdotes amuse us all.
She drives not carefully but slowly.
Her English is excellent.
Her English composition has few mistakes.
If it had not been for her help, you would never have done it.
I couldn't do it but for her help.
If it weren't for her help, I would not be alive now.
If it were not for her help, I would not succeed.
It is no use asking for her help.
I can dispense with her help.
I was fascinated by her performance.
Her acting is on the level of a professional.
The fury went out of her speeches.
Her speech moved the audience.
I couldn't put up with her arrogant behavior.
In her home, kitchen garbage was fed to the pigs.
You can get to her house in a variety of different ways.
You'd better be careful about going to her house.
I went to her house, but she was not at home.
She gave me a large room while I stayed at her house.
Her house is very modern.
Is her house anywhere near the station?
Her house is two or three times as large as ours.
Her house is situated in the neighborhood of the park.
Her home is in the suburbs.
Her house is at the foot of a mountain.
Her house is in the neighborhood of mine.
Her house is across the river.
Her house is a little way off the road.
Her house is enclosed with a white fence.
Her house stands back from the road.
I don't know anything about her family.
Her family, as a matter of fact, knew nothing about her friends.
Her family is very large.
Her folks cannot help worrying about her wound.
It seemed that her family had moved to Hokkaido.
It is doubtful whether her song will become popular.
Let's dance to her song.
Her singing was very impressive as usual.
Her song is well known to the young people.
She was excused attendance at the meeting.
Her exotic perfume has a subtle scent.
Her delight consists of teaching children.
Her forehead burned with fever.
Sweat bathed her brow.
Her brow was beaded with perspiration.
Her feelings are easily wounded.
We had a welcome party for her.
You should reckon with her obstinate character.
Her face expressed her bitter disappointment.
The first thing to come to mind was her face.
Her face came back vividly to my memory.
Her face became pink.
Her looks were suggestive of anxiety.
Her look expressed her joy.
She answered to the description of the missing woman.
Her face was the color of chalk.
A smile spread across her face.
I read a womanly expression on her face.
Her face is in focus.
A smile broke out on her face.
Her eyes are her best feature.
She was beaming with delight.
Her face went very pink.
Her face was sooty.
Her face is covered with pimples.
Her face was drenched with sweat.
Her face beamed with joy.
Her face was bright with happiness.
Her face glowed with health.
She was aflame with pride.
I'm not fond of her face.
Her face was radiant with happiness.
Her face was clouded with anxiety.
Her face turned red.
Her face turned white at the news.
I know her by sight, but I've never spoken to her.
Her face was ablaze with anger.
Her face turned red suddenly.
Her face was eloquent of her sorrow.
We associate her face with a cherry.
We associate her face with a rose.
Her face betrayed her real feelings.
Her wish was realized at last.
Her wish is to study abroad someday.
Her hope didn't come true.
Asked to do her a favor, he completely ignored it.
Such was her delight that she fainted.
Such was her joy that she shed tears.
So great was her joy that she shed tears.
All her hopes have vanished.
She hopes to become a designer.
Her wish is to become a good teacher.
She dazzles everybody with her wit.
Don't ignore her feelings.
There was no changing her mind.
Her mood graduated to irritation.
Nothing has resulted from her prayer.
Her argument was not built on facts.
Her application for leave was refused.
I was numbed by her sudden death.
Her suitors were all after her money.
Her classmates folded three hundred and fifty-six cranes so that one thousand were buried with her.
Her scream brought the police.
Her fears gradually quietened down.
She was on the verge of fainting out of sheer terror.
Her ideas on education are very different from mine.
Her skill as a teacher is based on her understanding of young people.
Her heart flowed with gratitude.
The fire of ambition burned within her.
Her heart was full of joy.
Her heart jumped for joy.
Her heart was hammering.
Her diligence is a good example to us all.
Her diligence is indeed worthy of praise.
The students around her were talking about the test.
Her neighbors were such as you meet everywhere in this country.
All her money went to her nephew.
She irritates me to no end with her complaints.
I'm fed up with her grumbling.
Don't be taken in by her crocodile tears.
They had decided to put the wedding off until her brother came home from abroad.
I suppose her brother would be about forty when he died.
Her brother is a good driver.
You should have paid attention to her warning.
Despite her warning, he made little of the matter.
She was over thirty when her artistic talent emerged.
With all her faults, I like her.
I love her none the less for her faults.
Her weakness is that she talks too much.
I tried to change her mind, but I couldn't.
When will her wedding be held?
Her health isn't equal to that heavy task.
Her health is becoming steadily better.
It is a pity that she should be in such poor health.
Her dog is not so much faithful as tame.
Her studies are improving slowly but steadily.
I get a kick out of her cheerful personality.
What she wants to say just adds up to a refusal.
Her manner of speaking gets on my nerves.
Her excuse added up to nothing.
It follows from what she says that he is guilty.
What she says is right in a sense.
She is not quite sincere in what in what she says.
She is wrong in nine cases out of ten.
I can't understand what she says.
Whatever she says goes.
I cannot trust what she says.
How do you feel about what she said?
You must attend to what she says.
Don't listen to her.
Whatever she says is true.
I doubt her words.
What she says sounds strange.
It was some time before I cottoned on to what she meant.
What she said did not make sense.
Her words turned out to be true.
It follows from what she said that he is not guilty.
What she means is reasonable in a certain sense.
Her words correspond with her actions.
Judging from what she says, he is satisfied to a great extent.
Her words gave me hope.
Her words left him uneasy.
Her grammar is bad.
Her advice influenced me to go abroad.
Her words renewed my courage.
I wonder what she means by those words.
Her words were like those of an angel.
Her words were wholly void of meaning.
Her statement was false.
Her words were as follows.
Her words were filled with melancholy.
I was embarrassed by what she said.
Read it after her.
Her thick makeup is disgusting.
A smile played on her lips.
She talks too aloofly.
Take a seat over against her.
Although she kept protesting, he went.
There's a slight difference between her thinking and mine.
Her notions were what is called advanced.
Do her ideas chime with yours?
Her ideas are quite original.
She is consistent in her opinions.
Her idea counts for little.
Her behavior is beneath contempt.
Her conduct gave rise to suspicions in his mind.
Her behavior is above praise.
Her behavior is worthy of reverence.
Her act reflected dishonor upon her.
I simply cannot put up with her manners.
I've never minded her behaving badly.
Her manners are not those of a lady.
Her action is still making waves in Japanese society.
Her behavior will become more aggressive.
Her behavior struck me as silly.
Her behavior is consistent with her words.
Her behavior is my primary concern.
Her behavior is abnormal for a young girl.
Her behavior was a departure from the normal.
Her actions are to the point.
Her behavior really got on my nerves.
Her behavior gave rise to rumors.
Her lecture is above my head.
Her broken leg has not healed yet.
Her new novel has been highly praised.
He saw a small Band-Aid on her left knee.
Her latest book deals with pollution.
There is no question as to her talent.
Her talent is amazing.
Her talent blossomed early.
Her means are small.
Her work is superior to mine.
Her composition was free from mistakes.
There is a mistake in her composition.
Her composition had no grammatical errors at all.
Her composition is very good except for a few errors in spelling.
Her composition was entirely free from grammatical errors.
Her work is to wash the dishes.
Her job is to type.
Her job brings in a high income.
Her job was to see the children safely across the street.
Her job was to type all the letters.
He is mad about you.
Her job is to take care of babies.
Her business called for her to travel around the world.
A boy stood by to run errands for her.
Her sister looks young.
Her older sister got married last month.
Her child was in delicate health.
I couldn't help smiling at her childlike frankness.
Her child had been seriously ill for a week before Dr. Kim arrived.
Her way of thinking was rational.
Her death was a great distress to all the family.
The news of her death came as a bolt from the blue.
We received word of her death.
Her death is a blow to my feelings.
Her death brought deep sorrow to the nation.
Her death was a great shock to me.
That she is dead is certain.
Her death was a great blow to him.
Her time is drawing near.
He took over the business after her death.
I was disillusioned at her private life.
The way she spoke to us was suspicious.
Her eyes rested on the young man reading newspaper.
Her eyes fell on the baby.
I felt her eyes on my back.
What do you think of her poem?
A collection of her verses has just been published.
I can't forget her.
He claims he knows nothing about her.
Her business was incorporated.
Her business was started with capital of $2000.
It is impossible to read her handwriting.
Her watch is ten minutes slow.
Her watch read three o'clock in the morning.
He stole her watch.
Her car broke down on the way.
I'm weary of her bragging.
I am quite tired of hearing her boasting. She should talk about other things.
Her failure is not to be ascribed to want of diligence.
Her disappointment was apparent to everyone.
Her disappearance gave zest to the mystery.
I took a picture of her.
Her apology was nothing but show.
Her car collided with a bus from behind.
Her car has a nice polish.
She got a flat tire on her way home.
Now remember, you must not smoke in her car.
Her car is two years old.
Her car struck against the gatepost through her carelessness.
Do not disturb her.
Don't disturb her. She is at work right now.
You're taking advantage of her weakness.
Her doctor wants to refer her to a specialist.
I felt the brush of her hand against me.
Her hands are never still.
Her hands rested on her lap.
Her hands are raw from the cold.
Her hands are small, but not so small that she can't play the piano.
Her hands were as cold as ice.
Her hands felt as cold as marble.
He let go of her hands and his voice grew serious.
Her handicraft is more than a hobby. It's more like a profession.
Her letter cast a new light on the matter.
Judging from her letter, she seems to be well.
What shall I do with her letter?
Without her help, I could not finish my task.
Her method is far in advance of ours.
One of her hobbies is collecting T-shirts.
Her hobby was collecting old coins.
Her hobby is collecting stamps.
She has low tastes.
Her income barely maintained her in the lower middle class.
Will you give me her address?
If I had known her address, I would have written to her.
I know her address.
Don't let him know her address.
She's going to have a baby in July.
Her air of innocence is apparent, not real.
But for her help, he would have failed.
With her help, my French improved little by little.
Without her advice, he would have failed.
If it had not been for her advice, he would have failed.
Her advice amounts to an order.
Her wound seems to be mortal.
The news of her victory will break in the evening paper.
I figure that she will succeed in her business.
Half her goods were sold cheap.
I haven't read both of her novels.
I haven't read either of her novels.
Her girlish complexion belied the fact that she was over forty.
It's very impolite of you to decline her invitation.
Her laughter was not becoming that evening.
Her laughter echoed through the house.
I like the way she smiles.
Her smile expressed her thanks.
The brightness of her smile always makes me feel better.
I would like you to introduce me to her.
The portrait of her was true to life.
There were points in her testimony that didn't add up.
Her boss is hard to deal with.
I cannot help laughing at her jokes.
Her jokes made us all laugh.
Her joke fell flat.
Her jokes fell flat.
I cannot help laughing at her joke.
What is her profession?
Her occupation is teaching.
He was fascinated with her beauty.
She was dressed in a faded cotton skirt.
Her bedroom is just above.
I could not even make a guess at the working of her mind.
Her mind was barricaded against the new idea.
Her mind is at peace.
Her heart bounded with joy.
Her mind is filled with dreams of becoming an actress.
Her heart was dominated by ambition.
Her heart beat fast from fear.
Her fear proved completely wrong.
Her behavior was appropriate to the occasion.
She has a rude manner.
Surprised at her behavior, he could not say a word.
Did you notice her new dress?
Her new novel is really interesting as opposed to her last one.
Her new hairstyle covers her ears.
Her new husband turned out to be a snake in the grass.
Her new hat caught my notice.
Her new hat becomes her.
Her new novel will come out next month.
Remember to admire her new dress.
Her grief expressed itself in tears.
I see no reason why I shouldn't accept her offer.
It was silly of him to refuse her offer.
Her statements add up to an admission of guilt.
It was not clear what she really meant.
Her belief in God is unshaken.
Her belief in God is very firm.
She does not want to be dependent on her parents.
Her kindness has become a burden to me.
Her kindness touched me.
Her kind action strongly impressed me.
He thanked her for her kind help.
I was greatly moved by her kindness.
I appreciated her kindness, while I feel it burdensome.
Her kindness was misunderstood.
Imagine yourself in her place.
What will happen to her?
She has no one to wait upon her.
Her gestures convey no meaning to me.
Her doll was run over by a car.
Her aim in life is to become a movie star.
Her life is free from care.
She guessed right.
Her bathing suit attracts our attention.
Don't disturb her while she is sleeping.
She has a cheerful disposition.
Her character is similar to yours.
She derives her character from her mother.
She is her mother's match in character.
Her success encouraged me to try the same thing.
He was happy at the news of her success.
It is within the bounds of possibility that she will succeed.
I'm quite sure of her success.
Her success was due to sheer hard work.
Her success is the result of her efforts.
Her success made her the target of jealousy.
We were fascinated by her voice.
There was something about her voice that made us feel uneasy.
Her voice was heard above the noise.
She has an agreeable voice.
Her voice was sour.
Her voice sounds very beautiful.
Her voice carries very well.
Her voice still rings in my ears.
Her voice carries well.
Her voice set my nerves on edge.
There was a trace of anger in her voice.
There was a tremble in her voice.
Her voices did not carry well over the noise.
Her voice could hardly be heard above the noise.
Her voice doesn't carry.
Her voice trembled with rage.
Her voice was quivering with anger.
Her voice is pleasant to listen to.
Her voice was soft and beautiful.
You have my word on her sincerity.
Her blue shoes go well with that dress.
She is not to blame.
Her explanation is by no means satisfactory.
Her explanation was to the point.
Her constant complaining speech irritated me.
Her futuristic vision helped shape the company's mission statement.
Her teacher advised her to read more and more novels.
I do not consider her choice of music a happy one.
I told you not to talk about the matter in her presence.
You cannot be too polite in front of her.
I always get nervous in her presence.
A great future lies before her.
Her grandmother lived to be eighty-eight years old.
Little as we know about her origins, we can at least be sure that she is a pilot of Evangelion.
Her library comprises 3500 and includes many first editions.
Her son is sure to succeed.
Her sons as well as her daughter are in college.
News of her son's death in battle drove her mad.
Her son is a mama's boy. He has to be with her all the time.
Her son died of cancer when still a boy.
Her son is a jet pilot.
What has become of her son?
Her son called from New York.
Her son was killed in a traffic accident.
Her son was killed in the accident.
Her son is stationed in West Germany.
Her son is a genius.
Both of her sons died during the war.
She listened very carefully when I praised her son.
Her ability to write with her foot is amazing.
I apologized to her for stepping on her foot.
Her footsteps were as light as a fairy's.
Her many little dogs run about in the garden every day.
The old chair groaned under her weight.
Her weight increased to 50 kilograms.
Her attitude disgusts me.
Her manner was cold.
She gave me a meaningful look.
She is extremely natural in her manner.
Her attitude hurt my self-respect.
I find her manner a little hard to take.
Her manner marks her pride.
I can't take the place of her as an English teacher.
Her kitchen is equipped with labor-saving devices.
Her bold plan seemed to be too difficult, but before long it proved to be practicable.
Her ambition is to be a ballet dancer.
Her ambition is to become an ambassador.
Her birthday party will be given next evening.
I will do the shopping for her birthday.
His answer to her being late was to fire her.
Her tastes in clothes are quite different than mine.
Her mediation put an end to our quarrel.
It is sensible of you to follow her advice.
Her advice to me was to work harder.
Take heed of her advice.
Her attention is focused on children.
Her statement turned out to be false.
Her brother Kensaku is now in Brazil.
It is bold of you to dispute to her proposal.
I'm all for her proposal.
Her suggestion seems to have been turned down.
You can find her phone number in the directory.
Not knowing her telephone number, I couldn't call her.
Her efforts bore fruit.
I take my hat off to her for her effort.
Her efforts were to good purpose.
Tell me the reason why she got angry.
Her anger gave way to sorrow.
Her anger has gone out of my control.
Her anger was aroused by his silly actions.
Her anger was genuine.
Her election is in the bag.
I noted that her answer was incorrect.
Her answer was straight out of the textbook - nothing interesting.
Her answer was incorrect.
They became anxious at her delay.
The news of her arrival excited the crowd.
Her head was full of airy thoughts.
Mathematics occupied her mind.
Her movements were awkward and her gesture clumsy.
All her motions were graceful.
Her sudden departure surprised us all.
I was surprised at her sudden visit.
Her cat had another four kittens.
Her fever was still higher an hour later.
Her fever came down to normal.
I cannot match her in enthusiasm.
He went abroad in opposition to her ardent wishes.
Her elder daughter is married.
She should know better at her age.
Can you guess her age?
You should make allowances for her age.
I guessed at her age.
Her eyes, a deep blue, were quite impressive.
We cannot overestimate her ability.
Her abilities are not appreciated in school.
We did not think her loud dress was appropriate for the time and place.
Her aunt takes care of his dog during the day.
Her skin burns easily.
Her skin is smooth.
Her skin is as white as snow.
Her skin is coarse from years of working outdoors.
Her hair came out from under her hat.
The woman's hair is quite short.
Her hair is long.
Her hair is long and beautiful.
Her hair is very short.
Her hair is wet with sweat.
Her hair feels like silk.
Her hair fell over her shoulder.
Her hair came down to her shoulders.
Her hair grew back.
Her hair was so long as to reach the floor.
Her hair was similar in color to mine.
She has short hair.
Her hair is naturally curly.
Her hair is turning gray.
Her hair is streaked with gray.
Her hair hung in neat coils.
I'm going to go through with it in spite of her opposition.
Her feeling for him was reciprocated.
Her grief was too acute for tears.
There is a look of appeal on her sad face.
We didn't notice her sorrow.
He was the agent of her grief.
Her sorrow was only apparent.
Her sorrow found expression in silent tears.
Her genius makes up for her lack of experience.
Her smile expressed joy.
Her smile convinced him that she was happy.
Her smile convinced me of her trust in me.
Her smile spoke love.
To see her smile, you would be charmed.
Her lovely voice was a real feast to the ears.
Her beautiful dress drew my attention.
Her beauty drew his attention.
Her beauty has captured him.
To appreciate her beauty, you have only to look at her.
There is no doubt as to her beauty.
There is nothing to compare with her beauty.
Her beauty drew him on to marry her.
It's impossible not to be fascinated by her beauty.
Her beauty stood out in our class.
Her beauty is incomparable.
She was not less beautiful than her elder sister.
Her beauty cast a spell over him.
Her beauty is the admiration of the whole school.
Her beauty was blemished by the scar.
If her nose were a little shorter, she would be quite pretty.
She has a sharp nose.
She has a long nose.
Her expression underwent a sudden change.
I inferred from her expression that she was angry.
I was confused with her expression.
Her expression is full of anger.
Because of illness, she couldn't come.
Hers was a nervous disease, and a change of air was an urgent need.
She was very ill, and a doctor was sent for.
Her illness is not such as to cause anxiety.
Her unhappiness turned to bliss when she heard his voice.
Her carelessness gave rise to the accident.
Her carelessness resulted in an accident.
It was fortunate for her that her husband arrived at that moment.
The news that her husband had been killed in an accident was a great shock to her.
Her husband emerged from his study.
Her husband, having failed to obtain promotion, retired at the age of 55.
Her husband is a member of the Oda family.
Her husband is usually drunk.
Her husband is a nice-looking man who is a little on the lean side.
Her husband is heavily dependent on drugs.
Her husband wants to have his own way in everything.
Her husband is in prison.
Her husband is now living in Tokyo.
Her husband intends to bring out a new monthly magazine.
Her husband is an excellent cook.
I will introduce her husband to you.
Her father is an excellent pianist.
Her father devoted his life to science.
Her father works at the bank.
Her father is a bank clerk.
Her father is a policeman.
Her father has a general store.
Her father could swim well when he was young.
Her father became an invalid as a result of a heart attack.
Is her father a teacher?
Her father was able to swim across the river.
Her father never let her go to town with her friends.
Her father is Japanese.
Her father intends her to be a pianist.
Her father is famous as a man of letters.
Her father can afford to give her a big allowance every month.
Her debts amount to more than she can pay.
On entering her room, I realised that she was a Yuming fan.
Her dress and shoes were a good match.
The color of her dress and that of her shoes go well together.
Her dress was made of very cheap material.
Her clothes attracted much attention at the party.
Her dress is above the knee.
Her dress was torn.
Her story can't be true.
She has a graceful carriage.
No one was aware of her literary talent.
She is always busy on weekdays.
Her villa sits on the hill.
One of her shoes dropped off.
All you have to do is to wait for her reply.
Her answer corresponds to my expectation.
Nothing will hinder her study.
I can't make head nor tail of her lecture on health and physical education.
She is no less beautiful than her mother.
Her mother is a good pianist.
She admired her daughter, who looked lovely that evening.
Her mother is arriving by the 9:10 train.
Her mother was a Kennedy.
Her mother will continue to work.
Her mother is not as old as she looks.
Her mother is writing a letter.
Her mother was more wise than intelligent.
Her mother was busy cooking the dinner.
Her mother is going to undergo a major operation next week.
Her mother does aerobics once a week.
Her mother sewed a skirt for her.
The mother in her was aroused.
She has aspirations to become an interior decorator.
Her late husband was a violinist.
Her late husband was a pianist.
His hat looked very funny.
Her hat matches with her shoes.
Her hope is to become a doctor.
Her wishes, it seems, have come true.
Her wish is to be an actress.
Tears were flowing down her cheeks.
Her cheeks were faintly flushed.
Her books sell pretty well.
I'm trying to get in touch with her sister.
Her sister I like very much, but her brother I do not like.
I like her sister very much.
Her charm is beyond description.
Her charm does not consist only in her beauty.
Her charm is compounded by her gaiety and kindness.
Her duty was to look after the children.
Her dream has come true at last.
Her dream has come true.
It was John who helped make her dream come true.
Her dream will one day come true.
Her dream is visiting Paris.
Her dream is to become a nurse.
Her dream is to travel around the world.
I am convinced of her innocence.
Informed of her safety, he breathed a sigh of relief.
There is no doubt as to her innocence.
Her daughter ran away with a young author.
Her name is Lucifera.
Her name is known all over the world.
Her name was referred to in the meeting.
I know her by name.
Her name was spelled wrong.
Her name is known to everyone.
Her name was wrongly spelled.
I know her by name, but not by sight.
Her name then was Agnes.
I would like to know her name.
Her name is associated with a lily.
Her life is in danger.
There was a sudden flow of tears from her eyes.
Tears were dropping from her eyes.
Tears fell from her eyes.
An endless flow of tears fell from her eyes.
Her eyes began to brim over with tears.
Her eyes darkened.
There was fear in her eyes.
Her eyes expressed her sympathy.
Her eyes brimmed with tears.
I saw tears in her eyes.
Her eyes gushed with tears.
Tears gathered in her eyes.
The tears began to gather in her eyes.
Tears came to her eyes.
She has started to get a few wrinkles around her eyes.
The color of her eyes is blue.
The blue of her eyes stands out against her rather dark skin.
Her eyes flashed with joy.
Her eyes are laughing.
Her eyes were filled with tears.
Her eyes were moist with tears.
The sound woke her up.
Her eyes remind me of a cat.
Her ambition was consummated when she was elected to Congress.
Her only pleasure is listening to music.
Her only hobby is collecting stamps.
Her one wish was to see her son again.
She is a model of kindness for me.
Tales of her courageous deeds rang through the country.
She as well as her friends is fond of music.
Her mates waited for her by the gate.
Her friend is a singer.
Her friends call him Ned.
He refused to believe that she was guilty.
I can't shake off her seduction.
Her condition turned for the worse yesterday.
Her condition turned for the worse last night.
Her dress was very unbecoming.
I meet her demands.
Her dance was as fresh as a daisy.
I'm astonished by her cleverness.
Her cleverness often amazes me.
I was completely taken aback by her reasoning.
She could see the driver from where she stood.
Try to see the problem from her point of view.
Great was the sorrow of her parents.
Both her parents are dead.
Her cheeks flamed up.
Her arms were bound fast.
She's making progress in cooking.
Her neighbor will care for the children while she is away.
Her tears accounted for what had happened.
I was a sucker for her tears.
Her crying was just an act.
Her tears were just for effect.
Her calm judgement ensured us from accidents.
Her manners were anything but pleasant.
The statistical data presented in her paper is of great use for us in estimating the frequency of the movement.
The data in her paper serves to further our purpose.
I get her point.
The way that she spoke hurt me.
Her way of speaking irritates us.
Her way of talking got on my nerves.
She said she was walking through the woods, looking for wild flowers.
He is not coming, according to her.
Her story brought back our happy childhood.
Do you think her story is false?
Her speech was full of wit.
Her story excited curiosity in the children.
Her story excited our pity.
Her story brings back memories of my parents.
Her story touched my heart.
I don't think her story is true.
Is her story true?
I wondered if her story was true.
I believe the truth of her remark.
She speaks the truth.
Her story can't be true. She often tells lies.
Her story was not interesting.
I was moved to tears by her speech.
I felt sorry for her when I heard her story.
Her story took me back to my childhood.
Her story reminded me of the good old days.
Her talkativeness is a pain in the neck.
He clutched her arm firmly.
She did nothing but cry all day.
She's been working all day long.
Of the two girls, she is the younger.
She says she has no intention of having a baby until she's in her thirties.
She told me she would be here about six.
She is not such a girl as you imagine her to be.
She likes that bass.
Instead of giving Alex a nut each time he said something, she'd only give it when he specifically said "nut."
She is an office lady.
She likes oranges, doesn't she?
She is not herself today.
She needed fuckin' words of love.
She is very frugal, not to say stingy.
She bore herself gracefully.
She addressed the letter to John.
She was bereft of all hope.
She's the girl whose performance won an Oscar.
She thought the plan was fine but impractical.
She was never free from pain after that.
She lost her only son in the traffic accident.
She looks happy on hearing the news.
She was surprised to find many beautiful things in the box.
She ordered the book from London.
She complained to him that it was too short a notice.
She knew the teen.
She cried what a lovely garden it was.
After winning the Nobel prize, she remained as modest as ever.
She is ashamed to speak up.
She substituted margarine for butter.
She bandaged his finger with a handkerchief.
She seated herself quietly before the piano.
She plays the piano very well.
She failed to understand a single word.
She likes wine.
She is, indeed, a lovely girl.
She looks as if she had been ill for a long time.
She's not as old as Mary.
She's smarter than Mary, but she's not as pretty as Mary.
She replied that she would be happy to come.
She greeted me with a lovely smile.
She is a doctor.
She's far better off than she was the year before last.
She went to Ibaraki.
She speaks French, not to speak of English.
She is a good English speaker.
She is capable of teaching English.
She is quite equal to the teacher in her ability to speak English.
She is behind in her rent.
She tends to be late for school.
Her novel ideas are time and again getting her into trouble with her more conservative colleagues.
She fainted but soon came to.
She waved her hand until the train was out of sight.
She is looked up to by all her classmates.
She had long hair last year.
She laughed to cover her fear.
She is on the teaching staff.
She's as good a wife as any you could hope for.
She pushed her way through the crowd.
She kissed me like anything.
She's no singer.
She is not eligible for marriage.
She took a walk in the park.
She ought to have arrived by now.
She has been busy preparing for the coming trip to the U.S.
She is determined to succeed this time.
She insisted on my going there.
She insisted on my paying the bill.
She explained to me that we throw away too much garbage.
She takes care of my children.
She told me she knew my brother.
She asked him not to leave her alone.
The moment she saw me, she burst out crying.
She invited me to her birthday party.
She tried.
She will give you what money she has.
She can't so much as write her own name.
She declared that she was right.
She could not accept the fact that she and her students had so much while other people had so little.
She came downstairs with a letter in her hand.
She is trying to save as much money as she can.
She laughed the way schoolgirls do, with her hand over her mouth.
She realized her ambition to be an actress.
She showed the passengers how to fasten their seat belts.
She said her prayers, her heart full of love and tenderness.
She is not only kind but honest.
She is not only kind, but also honest.
She is human.
She could not persuade him not to waste half an hour to save a few pennies.
She studies mathematics.
She picked up a stone.
She is going to Chiba Stadium.
She devoted all her energy to studying Spanish.
She makes nothing of getting up early.
She is accustomed to rising early.
She expressed her thanks for the present.
She's going to Ooita.
She caught it for coming late.
She spent no less than 1,000 dollars on her clothes.
She makes a point of taking a shower before breakfast.
She spoke through an interpreter.
She suffers from low blood pressure.
She quit her job because of the low pay and long hours.
She is the messenger.
She used to play tennis on Saturday afternoon.
She looks very charming, dressed in white.
She insisted that he should stay where he was.
She wanted him to take care of her parents.
She went so far as to say that he was a swindler.
She is inferior to him in math.
She said that what they were doing was contrary to the company's sexual harassment policy.
Expecting time to find her child, she sat up till late at night.
She made his hair curl.
She flatly refused to let him in.
She told me that her mother had bought it for her.
She speaks relatively fast.
She walked very carefully.
She is a most beautiful lady.
Besides being beautiful, she is kind and intellectual.
She is more pretty than beautiful.
She devoted herself to her sick mother.
She went on hoping nonetheless because there was no news from her husband.
She can't bring herself to throw away photo albums filled with memories of him.
She is a bit like her mother.
She called up her mother on the phone.
She plays tennis after school.
To me, she's irreplaceable.
I can't figure out what she really wants.
She likes Lake Mashuu.
She is good at making up interesting stories.
She sat on the floor, her eyes closed.
She achieved her purpose.
She will give her picture to whoever wants it.
She likes her eggs hard-boiled.
She is going to Mount Tate.
She left the room without saying goodbye.
She cried that she was coming.
She said, "I arrived here yesterday."
She read the digest of War and Peace.
She has no less than one thousand yen.
She holds the world record for the hundred meters.
She has no more than 100 dollars.
She saved a hundred dollars.
In a hundred meter dash she started last but soon caught up with the others.
She set a new Japanese record in the 100 meter dash.
She is likely to live to one hundred.
She bought a handkerchief for ten dollars.
She was across in ten minutes.
She was strong enough to run a 10-mile race.
She has been studying English since the age of ten.
She had lived in Hiroshima until she was ten.
She was allowed to go to the disco on condition that she was back by ten.
She has ten children.
She has no less than ten children.
She got married in her teens.
She spent ten days without a toilet or shower.
She has been looking after her sick sister for ten years.
She was fatter ten years ago than she is now.
She is not what she was ten years ago.
She was able to solve the problem in ten minutes.
She will be back in less than ten minutes.
She started ten minutes ago.
She died on a cold night in December.
She reckoned that she had earned 1,500 dollars.
She found herself a mother at fifteen.
She read the book once when she was sixteen.
She went on the stage when she was 16.
She said she had met with a traffic accident when she was sixteen.
She is aged seventeen.
She got married at the age of seventeen.
She has been on her own since the age of eighteen.
She came up to Tokyo at eighteen.
She was born in 1946, on August 19, in California.
She was born in the 1950s.
She died in 1960.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17, 1990.
She concentrated on one thing.
She bought a yard of cloth.
She got full marks by memorizing the whole lesson.
She should get to the school in an hour.
She will return within an hour.
She came back an hour later.
She should be there now because she left an hour ago.
She left the hospital an hour ago.
She finished her work an hour in advance.
She takes piano lessons once a week.
She reads on average three or four books a week.
She will be able to swim in a week.
She will be back within a week.
She gave birth to twins a week ago.
She fell ill a week ago.
They say that she has been ill in bed for a week.
She brought up the three children alone.
She went to Mexico by herself.
She stayed at home by herself.
She was weeping alone.
She shouldn't go by herself.
She had her only son die.
She has buried her only son.
She had two beautiful girls at one birth.
She has been to England once.
She boasted of having won the first prize.
She visits us every other day.
She stayed in the house all day.
She covered twenty miles a day.
She got a cool million dollars a day.
She smokes 20 cigarettes a day.
She earns 30 dollars per day.
She felt restless all day long.
She waited on her husband all day long.
She thought for a few minutes.
She said she was twenty years old, which was not true.
She could pass for twenty.
She had been proposed to five times by the time she was twenty.
She became a teacher at the age of twenty.
She married him at the age of 20.
She is on the wrong side of twenty.
She cannot be over twenty.
She worked as an aerobics instructor in her twenties.
She entered her twenties.
She is said to have been an actress about twenty years ago.
She wished she had been born twenty years earlier.
She made up her face in 20 minutes.
She'll do it in 24 hours.
She got married at the age of 25.
She got married when she was twenty-five.
She bought two dozen eggs.
She called down from upstairs to ask what the noise was about.
She went upstairs to her bedroom.
She lives in a two-story house.
She was encumbered with two heavy suitcases.
She is two years old, but she can already count to 100.
She did not come until two.
She waited for a taxi for two hours but couldn't get one.
She took two weeks' leave and visited China.
She was never to see her children again.
She was disqualified from the race for two false starts.
She passed away two days ago.
She will become a doctor in two years.
She is a second year student.
She left school two years ago.
She visited Kanazawa two years ago.
She killed herself at the age of thirty.
It seems she is more than thirty years old.
She can't be over thirty.
I guess that she is over thirty.
She is in her thirties, but looks old for her age.
She taught music for thirty years.
She spoke for 30 minutes without a break.
She came back in about thirty minutes.
She was across in thirty minutes.
I should think she is under thirty.
She has been waiting for him thirty minutes.
She is thirty-one.
She said that she had met him three months before.
She can speak three languages.
She can speak three foreign languages.
She picked out three beautiful apples.
She lost her father at the age of 3.
She promised me that she would come at three.
She has been watching television for three hours.
She tried a third time.
She goes to the supermarket every three days.
She said that she had been prepared for the examination for three days.
She depended on her uncle for her school expenses for three years.
She has kept a diary for 3 years.
She got a master's degree three years ago.
She must be forty or so.
I guess that she is 40.
She was forty, but she appeared older.
She married again in her mid-forties.
She could read when she was four.
She watches television from four to six.
She'll be available around four o'clock.
She takes care of fifty odd children.
She had lived in five different countries.
She made five mistakes in as many lines.
She is 5 feet 5, but appears taller.
She went down to the fifth floor.
She came back soon after five o'clock.
Will she come home at five?
She won't be back till five.
She got through her work before five.
She has brought up five children.
She was obliged to work to support five children.
She has been absent from school for five days.
She came home for the first time in five years.
She left home five years ago, and has never been heard of since.
I should think she is over sixty.
She made a tour of America, stopping in six cities.
She is going to marry Mr Johnson on June 4.
She is expecting a baby in June.
She makes it a rule to get up at six every morning.
She will come back from school by six o'clock.
I expect her back by six o'clock.
She did not return till six.
She laid the table for six.
She was born at six a.m. on July 17.
It looks like she made seven mistakes in as many lines.
She got home at seven.
She may have missed the 7:00 train.
She must be over eighty.
She attained the age of eighty one.
She is eight.
She started dancing when she was eight.
She began writing a report at eight, finishing it at twelve.
She came down to breakfast at eight.
She did not come down until 8:00.
She came back before eight.
She was in the eighth grade.
She has eight dogs. That's quite a few.
She lived to be ninety.
She had a happy marriage with a teacher in September.
She works from nine.
She promised her mother to come home before nine without fail.
She put her CDs in a row on the shelf.
She told me that she had bought a CD.
She works as an office lady.
She stared at a UFO in silence.
She studies as hard as ever.
She's wearing eye shadow.
She has liking for ice cream.
While skating at the ice rink she fell on her rear.
She gave a vague answer.
She is precise in keeping appointments.
She dared to ask for the results of the exams.
She blew her lines.
She won an Oscar nomination for best supporting actress.
She is a total stranger to me.
She stammers when she feels nervous.
She reconciled herself to living there.
She is frank in speech.
She was laughed at.
She put her assistants to work assembling evidence.
She's paid her dues working there for years.
She looked as if she had seen a ghost.
She left here with haste.
She did nothing but look around.
She went from place to place in search of him.
She went to this shop and that.
She answered easily.
She did not need to own up to her faults.
She need not have owned up to her faults.
She talked childishly.
She has the same bag as you have.
She is not such a girl as you imagine.
She was delighted with the flowers you sent her.
She's about the same height as you.
She'll be glad to see you, won't she?
She bore no malice against you.
What did she whisper to you?
She is anxious to meet you.
She regrets having been rude to you.
She'll lend you a book.
She asked me to continue writing to your father.
Is she your mother?
She waited for you for two hours.
She is mad at you.
She stayed up late to finish sewing your dress.
She will be able to answer your question.
Does she know your phone number?
Is she your sister?
She is less intelligent than you.
She is two years senior to you.
She is more human in thinking than you.
They might be taller than you.
She is more famous than you.
I doubt that she loves you.
She seems to hate you.
She is making use of you.
I wonder if she is staying at that hotel.
She kept body and soul together in such days.
She is connected with that company.
She'd better tame that violent temper.
She resembles that actress.
She has already lived in that town for five years.
She sympathized with those unfortunate people.
She looks beautiful in that dress.
She swears by that brand.
She shared the apartment with her friends.
She devoted herself to mission work in Africa.
She does not have much money.
She doesn't talk much, but once she does speak she is eloquent.
She has too many boyfriends.
She went in for too many events, and so won none.
She was too tired to work.
Such was her anger that she was lost for words.
She doesn't get outdoors much.
I don't think she cares very much.
She cried till her eyes dried.
She does not have many friends in Kyoto.
I don't particularly like her.
She didn't take many photos.
She can't play the piano very well.
She is not very well off.
She was so preoccupied that she was oblivious of her surroundings.
She has not a few friends in America.
She has decided to live in America for good.
She has been busy preparing for her trip to the USA.
She made up her mind to go to America.
She has gone to America.
She works for a large American corporation.
She has been busy preparing for her trip to the U.S.
She is of American parentage.
She is American, but she lives in England.
She is married to an American.
She was born in America and grew up in Japan.
She was proud that she had shaken hands with the President of the U.S.
She has made up her mind to go to the States to study.
She came very near being run over by a motorcar.
She speaks a little Arabic.
She takes everything for granted.
She knew to an inch where everything should be.
She availed herself of every opportunity.
She has caught up with you in every respect.
She takes after her mother in every respect.
She was depressed by all her problems.
She incarnates all womanly virtues.
She bowed in thanks.
She is addicted to alcohol.
She keeps company with a foreign student.
She is engaged to a rich man.
She drowned herself in some lake.
She works as a secretary in an office.
She turned to her writing of poetry, as a kind of consolation.
She is a kind of genius.
She was borne away by an impulse.
She resembles a popular singer.
She speaks Japanese to some extent.
She can be trusted to some degree.
She accepted the proposal to a certain degree.
She went from one shop to another.
She did not come for a certain reason.
She made herself useful about the room.
She flung her clothes on.
She has an eye for antiques.
She ought to have known better than to say that.
For all her riches she is not happy.
She will make a good wife.
She thought of a good solution.
She thought of a good plan.
A good idea struck her.
She makes a good living.
She majors in medicine.
She failed in her attempt to swim the Channel.
She loves an old table made in England.
She looked at several dresses and decided on the most expensive one.
She ended off her speech with some jokes.
She was feeling kind of tired.
She was a rather prim and proper young lady.
She must come at all events.
She has gone to Italy.
She went to Italy to learn Italian.
She likes strawberries and her sister apples.
She is dressed in her best.
She is going to climb that mountain someday.
How long has she been sick?
She will probably marry one day.
When did she break the window?
I wonder where she lives.
She always has to be the one giving orders.
Once she starts talking, she is hard to stop.
She always buys nothing but the best of everything.
She always keeps her word.
She cherishes a hope that she will be a singer some day.
She always gets up at six.
Don't believe her because she always lies.
She is always well made up.
She always takes her grandmother for a walk.
She always interferes with him.
She is always at the bottom of the class.
She is always neatly dressed.
She was talking all the time.
It is always the case with her.
Does she always go there?
She is always kind to everyone.
She arrived late as usual.
She usually wears jeans.
She was always practicing the piano.
She is always missing the ball.
She always buys milk.
She always works hard.
She spent more money than usual.
She always speaks in English.
She is always confusing salt with sugar.
She is always complaining about something or other.
She always tries something new.
She is always complaining of one thing or another.
She is always bright and smiling.
I don't like her, because she always puts on airs.
She's always putting on airs, acting as if she were a queen.
She's always putting on airs.
She's always looking at herself in the mirror - What vanity.
She was always quarreling with her brothers.
She always walks with a light step.
She is always clothed in silk.
She is always free in the afternoon.
She always looked happy.
She always looked happy, but in fact she'd never once had anything to be happy about.
She always looks happy.
She always boasts of her luck.
She always looked, but never was, happy.
She always wears too much scent.
She always buys expensive clothes.
She is always buying expensive clothes.
She was always surrounded by high-quality goods.
She is always dressed in black.
She always lets her children do what they want to.
She always takes care of her children.
Whenever she sees me, she greets me politely.
She always gives me the cold shoulder.
She was always telephoning me.
She always reminds me of her mother.
She always smiles at me.
She is always complaining about my small salary.
She always cared about my health.
She always turns a deaf ear to my advice.
She always stood by me.
She thinks that she's always right.
She is always full of her own affairs.
She always prides herself on her academic background.
She is always complaining of her job.
She always stands up for her convictions.
She always keeps her room clean.
She always gets her own way.
She always winds up a conversation with a wave of her hand.
She is constantly writing letters.
She is always playing favorites with a few students but very strict with everyone else.
She always sweeps the floor clean.
She's always complaining about the food.
She always clears the table after a meal.
She always adapted to new circumstances.
She always has a serious look on her face.
She was always quarreling with her parents.
She is always fishing for compliments.
She always has some axe to grind.
She always speaks ill of others.
She always boasts of being a good swimmer.
She always carries the Holy Bible about.
She always looks pale.
She is always finding fault with others.
She is always complaining of her poor health.
She is always punctual in coming.
She always speaks in a low voice.
She always keeps the garden.
She is always hard at work.
She always takes good care of her old father.
She is always cold-hearted.
She always keeps her hair clean.
She always looks like she's half-asleep, but once she gets into an argument, she really goes to town.
She is always finding fault with him.
She always yielded to his opinion.
She was always been easy to get along with.
She was always complaining about her husband.
She is always complaining of her husband's small salary.
She always keeps her room in good order.
She always walks to school.
She usually walks to school.
She is always busy.
She always expects me to help her.
She's always short with me.
She was always finding fault with me.
She's always finding fault with me.
She is always forgetting my phone number.
She always carries a charm against evil.
She always gets lost.
She always wears striking clothes.
She always has her hair done by a famous hairdresser.
She is always cheerful.
She is always cheerful and smiling.
She always wears fashionable clothes.
When will she return home?
When did she leave the classroom?
When did she get married?
She was at a loss when to start.
When was she born?
She planned a birthday dinner for her cousin.
She was envious of her cousin's success.
She lives in the country.
I was lonely without her.
She kept various kinds of pets.
She was similar to me in many ways.
She was, so to speak, our idol.
She is, as it were, a walking speaker.
She is what is called a learned fool.
She is what is called a woman of culture.
She is what we call a talented woman.
She is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
She is what is called a genius.
She is what we call a bookworm.
She is what is called a baseball widow.
She was asked to write her name in ink.
She spilt ink on the desk.
She stirred the instant coffee and poured in milk.
She came up with a good way of making money by using the Internet.
She committed false acts.
She is pursuing her career in interior design.
She is well known in both India and China.
She wanted to have paid a visit to India.
She is living in some village in India.
She is down with influenza.
She is said to be a leader in the women's liberation movement.
She was clothed in wool.
She lost her job because of her careless remark.
My belief is that she has never told a lie.
She was accused of telling a lie.
She must have told a lie.
She can even tell lies!
She is above telling a lie.
She may have told a lie, but she didn't mean any harm.
She is inclined to take a nap.
She never forgets to admire our baby.
This is the first time in a while that someone we had such high hopes for came to our department.
She fell on her face.
She answered with a nod.
Is she not a good French singer?
She did not succeed, but after all that was her first attempt.
She coaxed the letter out of her brother.
She succeeded in drawing the truth from him.
She was beside herself with joy.
She was happy and sad all at once.
She smiled happily.
She cried for joy.
She goes by the name of Amy.
It was believed that she had graduated from Yale University.
She set about writing the essay.
She was sexually harassed in an elevator.
She keeps a parrot as a pet.
She told me about what she saw in Australia.
She corresponds regularly with her pen pal in Australia.
She rides a motorcycle well.
She was stooping to take something out of the oven.
She baked bread and cakes in the oven.
She exploded with laughter.
She laughed in amusement.
She looked at me in amusement.
She has a funny face.
She looked me angrily in the face.
She has a hot temper.
She was brought up by her grandfather.
She inclined her head in greeting.
She met her uncle at the shop.
She spends her holidays at her uncle's.
She likes talking best of all.
She has a loose tongue.
I'm fed up with her chatter.
She's fashionable.
The chances are that she is still in bed.
It may be that she will succeed in the examination.
She will have to be by herself during her stay at Oxford.
She was absorbed in reading a fairy tale.
She left for America the day before yesterday.
She has a gentle disposition.
She ate candies one after another until she was completely full.
She was raised by her grandmother.
She strongly resembles her grandmother.
She led the old woman to the church by the hand.
She was brought up by her grandmother.
She is very attentive to her grandmother.
She felt as if she had seen a ghost.
She was brought up by her aunt.
She resembles her aunt.
She was named Elizabeth after her aunt.
Aside from fright, she was not injured.
She stared at him with frightened eyes.
She told me this story off the record.
She bought some meat and eggs so that she might make omelets.
She plans to stay at the Oriental Hotel.
She tried to express juice from the orange.
She poured out tea for her visitors.
She was very busy preparing dinner for her guests.
She is not without money.
She complained continually that there was no money left.
She is hard up for money.
She was careless with money, so now she's in trouble financially.
She put aside a lot of money.
She puts aside a lot of money.
She worked hard in order to save money.
She devoted her money to social welfare.
She gave money.
While she is rich, she says she is poor.
She married a rich man.
She must be well off.
She follows her brother wherever he goes.
She can swim as fast as her brother.
She answered that she would visit me.
She is out on an errand.
She wears the same kind of clothes as her sister wears.
She is no less kind than her sister is.
She is no less clever than her sister.
She is no less pretty than her sister.
She should model her manners on her sister.
She is less beautiful than her sister.
As she's quit drinking, she's lost some weight.
She is loaded with sex appeal.
She blew out all eight of her birthday candles.
She was making tea.
She waited until the water boiled before making the tea with it.
She finished her lunch quickly and went shopping.
She ate just as much meat as her father.
She turns a deaf ear to her father.
She asked me to stay till her mother came home.
She helped her mother clean the house.
She went shopping with her mother.
She is as beautiful as her mother is.
She's as good a cook as her mother.
She kissed her mother good night.
She takes after her mother.
She should help her mother.
She is less beautiful than her mother is.
She wasn't helping her mother.
She pulled the curtain aside.
She drew up the curtain.
She curtained the windows.
She would value the opportunity to exchange views on the strength of guard-rails.
She set the bird free from the cage.
She refused to put up with her boisterous nephews anymore.
She was holding an umbrella.
She put a kettle on the gas.
She has finally recovered from her cold.
She came down with a cold.
It appears to me that she was wrong.
She came home in low spirits.
I think she was trying to pull a fast one.
She was at one time faced with the problem.
She was a track star once.
She used to play basketball.
She used to work for our company.
She must have once been a real beauty.
She got into a rage.
She threw away the papers in a fit of temper.
She poured milk into the cup.
She poured boiling water into the cup.
She's making money hand over fist.
She smiled sadly.
She came from Canada to see me.
She cannot be staying at this hotel, because she has gone back to Canada.
She thought of Canada as an ideal country to live in.
She played the piano well enough.
She sang pretty well.
She is rather poor at tennis.
She has quite a lot of clothes.
She has had quite a lot to drink.
She can speak English pretty well.
She is given to drinking rather heavily.
She has seen a lot of life.
She isn't poor.
She might be having coffee in the cafeteria.
She picked up one of the glass vases.
She cut her finger on the broken glass.
She is all skin and bone.
She lives at the Gorilla Foundation in California.
She comes from California.
She tried to dissuade him from participating in the project.
She accepted him her suitor.
She is not only pretty, but also kind.
She has a pretty face.
She is a pretty girl.
Is she a pretty girl?
She is in a cute swimsuit.
She wore a pretty hat.
She shed plentiful tears when her beloved dog was killed in an accident.
She has a lovely round face.
She is pretty, and what is better, very kind.
She yelled in a rage.
She got hot with rage.
She is apt to lose her temper.
She must have known that she had a cancer.
She died of cancer.
She quoted a poem by Keats.
She searched her pockets for the key.
Can she play the guitar?
She is singing with a guitar.
She knows how to play the guitar.
She plays piano as well as the guitar.
She plays the guitar.
She is good at playing the guitar.
I'm sure she will come.
I don't doubt that she will come here.
She will surely be enjoying a hot bath at this hour.
For sure, she'll win the championship in the tournament.
I don't doubt but she will recover.
She is certain to be surprised.
I'm sure that she will not come to see you.
She is certain to pass the exam.
She is bound to pass the examination.
She is certain to come on time.
I am sure of her success.
We are not sure, but she is right.
I'm sure she'll cause a stir in the Tokyo fashion world.
She will not fail to abide by his promise.
She flatly severed it.
She enjoyed herself very much at the party yesterday.
She gave birth to a daughter yesterday.
She saw a tall man yesterday.
She is a serious person.
She knows how to make candy.
She was right in the middle of cutting cucumbers.
She is not only beautiful but also intelligent.
She is not only pretty, but also bright.
She has a kind of nobleness about her.
She has even teeth.
She was intelligent as well as beautiful.
She picked up beautiful stones.
She spread a beautiful cloth on a table.
She wears beautiful clothes.
She likes Nara all the better because she can feel at home there.
She shrieked whenever she saw a spider.
She enjoys listening to classical music.
She is at the top of her class.
She is the happiest in her class.
She filled the glass with wine.
She is a better singer than any other student in her class.
She studies as hard as any student in her class.
She can sing better than anybody else in her class.
She is as bright as any in her class.
She was by far the best singer in the class.
She runs fastest in our class.
She is a credit to her class.
She married her classmate.
She is in harmony with all her classmates.
She is due to speak for the class.
She was looked up to by all the club members.
She serves as the club treasurer.
She acted as leader of our club.
She is by far the best player in the club.
She's a glamorous girl.
She played that tune on her grand piano.
She was in a green coat and matching mini-skirt.
She wore a green dress.
At Christmas she went out of her way to buy me a really nice model plane.
She couldn't think what to give the children for Christmas.
She left on Christmas Day.
She wanted a doll for Christmas in the worst way.
She gave me a book for Christmas.
I am not sure but she may come.
She says she will come.
She knows how to do the crawl.
She is fond of cake.
She has a passion for cake.
She wanted a piece of cake, but there was none left.
She baked three cakes.
She cut the cake into six pieces and gave one to each of the children.
She divided the cake into five pieces.
She cut a cake in two.
She is frugal, not to say stingy.
She is not at all a beauty, but she has an unspeakable charm.
She is no ordinary singer.
She graduated in German at Cambridge.
She picked up a coin.
She got her coat and hat on.
She put on her coat and went out.
She put on a coat.
She put much sugar in the coffee.
She stirred the milk into her coffee.
She chatted with her friends about the football game over coffee.
She finished her coffee and asked for another.
She promised to meet him at the coffee shop.
She dresses smartly.
She lost her temper at the slightest provocation.
She has been on a diet for the past two months because she put on too much weight during the winter.
She lives a few blocks away from here.
She buys few clothes here.
She seems happy to be here.
She has a good many friends here.
She is bound to come here.
She needs help.
She smiled her acknowledgment.
She has a great liking for rich foods.
She was careful not to break the glasses.
She likes word games.
She seems to take immense pleasure in playing with children.
She knows many proverbs.
She has been sick in bed for the last week.
She felt herself flattered by this compliment.
She may use this typewriter.
She has a large office in this building.
She has made the same mistake as last time.
She must visit England this summer.
She is contemplating visiting Europe this summer.
She has been promoted twice since she joined this company.
She played an important part in this project.
She is used to handling this machine.
She cannot work this machine.
She can play this tune on the piano.
She is in partial agreement with this decision.
She won't have this job much longer.
She is getting married this fall.
She is going to Sendai this spring.
She is bored with this novel.
She was as happy as could be.
I think she is the kindest woman on earth.
They say she is the kindest woman on earth.
Did she go to the concert last Sunday?
She must have visited England last summer.
She has lived with us since last summer.
She has been sick in bed since last Monday.
She arrived at the town last Monday.
She has been absent since last Wednesday.
It must be three years if a day since she was last in England.
She has changed greatly since I last saw her.
She lives in the village.
She was loved by everybody in the village.
She has this big room all to herself.
She is a member of this organization.
Does she work in this city?
She doesn't have many friends in this town.
She emerged victorious in the struggle.
She sent this book to me.
She is looked on as the leading authority on the subject.
She shook the rug to get dust out of it.
She shook the rug to get the dust out of it.
She didn't even have the courtesy to say that she was sorry.
She smiled, not being able to help it.
She applied for the membership in a golf club.
She doesn't know how to play golf.
She said that she has never been there.
She had some trouble with him before.
She was as great a scientist as ever lived.
She may not wait any longer.
She hurt her elbow when she fell down.
She tried to obtain a ticket for the concert.
She won no less than ten thousand dollars in a competition.
Isn't she a computer programmer?
Is she a computer programmer?
She is in a mood.
They say she and her husband can't agree on anything.
She looks very young as against her husband.
She gets angry at trifles.
She doesn't like soccer.
She is neatly dressed.
She always comforted herself with music when she was lonely.
She lived a lonely life.
She wondered where Sam was and what he was doing.
She cried her heart out.
She said goodbye.
She hung up without saying good-bye.
She went out without saying good-bye.
She heaped her plate with salad.
She is even more beautiful.
She called me many terrible things.
She soon adjusted herself to village life.
She soon adjusted to his way of life.
She is eager to live in Australia.
She was impatient to see her family.
She was in a hurry to go home.
She become seasick in rough seas.
She fell down the ladder.
She's a tough woman.
She looked at me in a deliberate way and left the meeting room.
She held her hands tightly over her ears.
She was a bundle of jealousy.
She assumes an air of modesty.
She is often late for school on Mondays.
She hurried across the lawn.
She pondered the question for a while.
She was happy for some time.
She made up her mind to stay with us for a while.
She was always staring at me for the time being.
For a while she did nothing but stare at me.
She flew to Europe by way of Siberia.
She ended up in the hospital.
She likes jazz, and so do I.
She likes jazz, and I do, too.
She is interested in jazz.
She tends to talk too much.
She kept on talking.
She was wearing a gown of satin.
She is a natural to play the part of Juliet.
She stopped looking at the show window.
She can't cook well.
She looked in at the show window.
She got over a shock.
She went mad because of the shock.
It was such a shock to her that she collapsed.
It gave her quite a shock, and she didn't want to talk about anything for a while. I think it'll be a while before she's back to normal.
She died of shock.
She indulged in a fit of temper.
She is always finding fault with her husband.
She knew that John loved her.
She thought that John had loved her.
She knows that John loved her.
She denied John's having helped the lost boy.
She will grow on John.
She admires John for his courage.
She put up an umbrella against a scorching sun.
She was in a silk dress.
She asked Shinji to take Rei's ID-card to her the next day.
She is more gentle than kind.
She pressed the switch.
She seems to have had a very hard time.
She behaved quite foolishly.
She bought a Hoover at the supermarket.
She went shopping at a supermarket.
She is a clerk in the supermarket.
She is great at skiing.
She is good at skiing.
She does not know how to ski.
It is said that she is an expert in skiing.
She can both ski and skate.
She likes dancing in a disco better than skiing.
The scandal nearly wrecked her career.
She wired she was coming soon.
She lives quite close by.
She is readily accessible to flattery.
She will be along soon.
I'm sure that she will come back soon.
She wanted to get married immediately.
She said she must leave at once.
She remarried soon.
She wrote me back soon.
It is important that she should leave at once.
She lost no time in starting to work on new project.
She took to him immediately.
She recognized him at once as the stranger in her dream.
She easily catches cold.
I think she will come back soon.
She will be here in no time.
She easily flames up.
She came at once.
She proposed that a doctor should be called in immediately.
She set about her homework at once.
She is a poor sailor.
She cottoned to him soon.
She will come soon.
Will she get well soon?
She is able to skate.
She's an eye-opener.
She's not half attractive.
She lives a solitary life in a remote part of Scotland.
She has a good figure.
Because she has a good figure, whatever she wears suits her.
She has no figure.
Do you think she can handle her staff?
She stopped crying altogether.
She has totally changed her character.
She has completely recovered from her illness.
She never lets you forget her clean-cut image.
She folded napkins all the way.
She kept smiling all the time.
I hear she has been absent from school.
She kept crying all the time.
She kept on asking me questions the whole time.
She has always lived in Otaru.
She lay in bed all the time.
She kept quiet.
She had returned home long before.
She kept conversation on a formal plane.
She is singing a song on the stage.
She ran over her lines once before she went on stage.
She had wonderful food and, what was more, she was given a New year's gift.
She gave me a lovely watch, but I lost it.
She is unable to cope with stress.
She was suspected of being a spy.
She is much the tallest girl.
She turned around quickly.
She quickly shut the kitten into a basket.
She dressed herself quickly.
She gave birth to a fine healthy baby.
She is a wonderful wife.
She is a wonderful woman.
She has a wonderful personality.
She won first prize in the speech contest.
She stirred her coffee with a spoon.
She stirred the soup with a spoon.
She got wet to the skin.
She can speak Spanish, much more English.
She depends on her husband for everything.
She takes every circumstance into account.
She turned down every proposal.
She keeps a record of everything she buys.
She bundled all her dresses into the suitcase.
She walked slowly for fear she should slip.
She is bad at sports.
She is devoted to sport.
She has to take in the waist of her pants a bit.
I hear she is a secretary to Mr Smith.
She gave a ready answer.
She is more thin than slender.
She was very nearly run over by a truck.
She is eighteen at most.
I thought she was 30 at most.
She will pay 50 dollars at most.
She is a second-rate singer at best.
She lives in an expensive style.
She pulled her sweater on.
She fell asleep with her sweater on.
She pulled her sweater over her head.
She was taken in by the salesman.
She was taken in by the salesman's smooth manner of talking.
As head of the sales team she reports only to the managing director.
She knows nothing about the birds and the bees.
She was busy with her knitting.
She said that she was eager to go there.
She is inquisitive, but I like her none the worse.
Such an idea is abhorrent to her.
She may have said so.
She thought to the contrary.
She said that she had seen such and such there.
She dwelt on the miserable days she spent there.
It happened that he saw her there.
She made herself known to the company.
She was alone there.
She lived there for years.
She insisted on going there.
She stayed there for several days.
She lived there about five years.
She regrets having never been there.
She went there by herself.
She did not go there.
She must go there.
She denied having been there.
Is she anywhere about?
She whispered it in my ear.
She softly stole out of the room.
She played a sonata.
She won the one hundred meter race.
She had gone there ten years before.
No sooner had the idea occurred to her than she put it into action.
She tried to prevent the rumor from spreading.
She spread the gossip all over the town.
She gave considerable thought to what to do with the money.
She need not have paid the money.
She hung the calendar on the wall.
She wished the lovely dog belonged to her.
She took care of the poor little bird.
She was barred from the club.
She was admitted to the club.
She has something to do with the group.
She divided the cake into six pieces.
She is far from being pleased about it and she is very angry.
She was fined 10 dollars for that.
She acted as if she knew nothing about it.
She made believe that she knew nothing about it.
She had no rule of thumb about it, but she got it right every time.
She gave it her personal attention.
She took the case into court.
She wrote about it in her diary.
She was then more beautiful than she is now.
She won the contest.
She took part in the contest.
She denied having taken part in the scheme.
She was fascinated by that Chinese dress.
She worked hard so as to pass the test.
She pushed the door open.
She has changed a lot since then.
She looked terrible at that time.
She was washing the dishes then.
At that time, she was bathing in the sun.
She was cooking dinner at that time.
She played an important part in the drama.
She did not buy the dress, which she liked very much.
She is pleased with the dress.
She picked out the shoes that match the dress.
She chose a scarf to wear with the dress.
Her eyes settled on the dress.
She could hardly keep from laughing when she saw the dress.
She bought the dress on impulse.
She walked about in search of the dress.
She gets easily excited by the smell.
She burst into tears when she heard the news.
She felt like crying at the news.
She felt like crying when she heard the news.
She was surprised at the news.
She was not a little surprised at the news.
She tried on the party dress.
She was wearing proper clothes for the party.
She solved the puzzle with ease.
She drank the beer down.
She gave the blouse a quick wash.
She recognized the brooch as the one she had lost a few months before.
She got carried away watching the boxing match.
She made reservations for a room at the hotel.
She fastened the medal on the lapel with a pin.
She made jam from the apples.
She took first prize in the race.
She gave a big pull on the rope.
She paid seven percent interest on the loan.
She blanched at the bad news.
She has been asked to sit on the committee.
She was elected chairman of the committee.
She claims the inheritance.
She designed beautiful costumes for the movie.
She took down the speech in shorthand.
She can't bear the noise.
She came to like the house.
She served the family for twenty years.
She went to the house several times.
She asked about the location of the house.
She sang the song softly.
She likes the singer.
She has been cherishing that flower.
She filled the vase with water.
She was present at the party.
She didn't show up until the meeting was over.
She attended the meeting.
She needn't have come to the meeting.
She is closely associated with the firm.
She has a 10 percent interest in the company.
She was required to step down in the office.
She hung the picture upside down.
She was taking a nap all the time.
She half dragged, half carried the log.
She put the machine in motion.
She derives her temper from her grandfather.
She suggested that the customer buy a blue tie.
She asked how to cook the fish.
She fainted when she heard the terrible news.
She visited the teacher.
She managed to back up through the narrow driveway.
She managed to back through the narrow passage.
She found the money gone.
She put the money in the bank.
She refused to accept the money.
She undertook the responsibility for the project.
She felt like giving up the plan.
She carried out the plan.
She acted in the play.
She looked out through the hole.
She seemed disappointed at the result.
She was disappointed with the result.
The result was far from being satisfactory to her.
She's anxious to know the results.
She was pleased to see the results.
She related the result to her carelessness.
She is much concerned about the result.
She gave her assent to the match.
She benefited from the sound investment.
She was waiting in front of the building.
She began to talk to the dog.
She was afraid of the dog.
She eyed the stranger suspiciously.
She bought the old table for next to nothing.
She had a great attachment to that old house.
She sympathized with the orphan and gave him some money.
It is said that she looked after the orphan.
She has remained abroad ever since.
She was surprised at the sight.
She was very surprised at the sight.
She did nothing but cry at the sight.
She paled at the sight.
She turned pale at the sight.
She drew back in horror at the sight.
She had the large room to herself.
She looked up at the tall tree.
She was dazzled by the gorgeous room.
She made news in that country.
She is working as a volunteer interpreter at the international conference.
She overcame the difficulty.
She seems to be involved in that murder case.
She was absorbed in reading the magazine.
She likes the design on the plate.
She is disgusted with the job.
She consecrated her life to the work.
She succeeded in the work.
She addressed herself to the task.
She directed her whole energy to the task.
I don't think she is fit for the job.
She is fit for the job.
She isn't adequate to the task.
She was equal to the job.
She is in no humor for task.
She need not have done the work.
She did the work alone.
She forced that task on me.
She worked hard to get the work done.
She imposed the work on him.
She hovers over that child like a hen with one chick.
She taught the child never to play with matches.
She bent over the child.
She took care of the child.
She held the child to her bosom.
She pressed the child to her heart.
She cherished the child as her own.
She stripped the child and put him in the bath.
She cared for the children.
She got very angry with the children.
She took pains to help the child overcome his grief.
She read the poem aloud.
She gave in to the temptation.
She was successful in the attempt.
She is keen to pass the examination.
She is not concerned in the affair.
She had nothing to do with the case.
She seems to have something to do with the affair.
She was accused of having lied about the affair.
She has nothing to do with that affair.
Do you think she has nothing to do with the affair?
She painted a vivid picture of the event.
She hired a private detective to inquire into the case.
She got scratches in the accident.
She didn't mention the accident to me.
She shuddered at the thought of the accident.
She was playing with her sister at that time.
She was playing the piano at that time.
She gave him all the money that she had then.
She gives varied impressions on different occasions.
She was doing the washing then.
She was none the better for the treatment.
She was injured in the car accident.
She may be able to answer the question.
She found it difficult to answer the question.
She refreshed her memory with the photo.
She got into the car and drove off.
She tried to put the young man out of her mind, but it was impossible.
She glanced shyly at the young man.
She looked surprised at the letter.
She tore the letter to pieces.
She read the letter over and over again.
When she was reading the letter, she looked sad.
She hid the letter carefully so that no one should see it.
She tore the letter up after reading it.
She looked upset as she read the letter.
She translated the letter from Japanese into French.
She carried that habit to her grave.
She spent the weekend by herself.
She made faces at that woman.
She was born in a small village.
She ascertained that the novel was based on facts.
She tied up the parcel with string.
She listened to him.
She loves the boy as if he were her own child.
She scorned the boy.
She declined the invitation.
She was amused at the joke.
She described the scene in detail.
She took in the situation at a glance.
She was especially selected for the post.
She is indifferent to the new religion.
She won't even look at the offer.
She will lay the doll on her bed.
She made the doll for me.
She loves the doll like her own sister.
She chose the red dress.
She likes the teacher.
She swam across the river.
She was pleased with the gift.
She blamed the damage on John.
She blamed John for the damage.
She has the large house to herself.
She is a teacher fresh from the university.
She did not marry the man.
She seemed very happy in contrast to the man.
She seemed happy in contrast to the man.
She didn't marry the man.
She hid herself for fear of meeting the man.
She replied she had never met the man before.
She presumed on his weakness.
She replied that she had never seen the man before.
She testified to having seen the man.
She was carried away by the man's charm.
She looked troubled by the news.
She was struck dumb at the news.
She was dismayed at the news.
She was encouraged by the news.
She gasped out the news.
She carried the news to me.
She broke down when she heard the news.
She went mad with delight to hear the news.
When she heard the news, she burst into tears.
Hearing the news, she cried her heart out.
She looked frightened at the news.
She did nothing but weep at the news.
She was not at all upset by the news.
She burst into tears at the news.
She was beside herself with joy at the news.
She wept at the news.
She pushed the panic button when she heard the news.
She burst into tears to hear the news.
The news distressed her.
She burst out crying with joy when she heard the news.
She refused to accept the post.
She indicated on the map how to get to the post office.
She looks odd in those clothes.
She acquired credit with in the town.
She loves the peace and quiet of the town.
She witnessed the truth of the statement.
She was the only one to survive the crash.
She bore the pain bravely.
She almost went out of her senses at the news.
She did not agree to the proposal.
She bought this pen at that store.
What did she buy at the shop?
She picked out the best of all the jewels in the shop.
She went to that store.
She claimed to be the owner of the land.
She has consented to take the leadership of the party.
She was skiing all though the day.
She felt very bad that day.
She met him the day before, that is to say May fifth.
She was a chonga.
She is living from hand to mouth.
She fed milk to the cat.
She had the whole summer off that year.
She borrowed a saw from the farmer.
She became deaf from the explosion.
She had the box carried downstairs.
She deposited the box on the table.
She succeeded in opening the box.
She tried to lift the box, but found it impossible.
She carried the box under her arm.
She tapped the box with her forefinger.
She witnessed the crime.
She could not bear the sight of the mean man.
She shall never forget listening to the sad tune.
She was overwhelmed by the sad news.
She kept the secret in her bosom.
She kept the secret to herself.
She seems to have known the secret.
She babbled out the secret to her friend.
She consented to take the blame.
She stood astonished at the sight.
She likes the beautiful pearl necklace very much.
Her beauty exposed her to many dangers.
She looked after the patient.
She could not put up with the insult.
She was standing in the middle of the room.
She rents the room to a student for seventy thousand yen a month.
She ordered the room to be swept.
She looks pretty in that dress.
She painted the wall red.
She passed the jewel off as her own.
She took a casual glance at the book.
Her attention was engaged by the book.
She has to pay for the book.
She makes no allusion in the book to her profession.
She ordered the book from England.
She bought the book for next to nothing.
She did not read the book.
It was not until she finished reading the book that she noticed who had written it.
She translated the book from Japanese into English.
She indicated that the problem was serious.
She has nothing to do with the matter.
She is working on the problem.
She made a few vague comments about the matter.
She has a very radical opinion about the problem.
She kept silent about the problem.
She is at home in the subject.
She understands the core of the problem well.
She didn't know what to do with the problem.
She is familiar with the subject.
She tends to get carried away when arguing about that matter.
She must have forgotten all about the promise.
The medicine she took cured her of the bad cough she'd been suffering from.
She thrilled at the thought that she would meet the famous singer.
She shivered at the sight.
She became an actress the following year.
She completely cleaned her plate.
She ran to the station for fear that she would miss the train.
She rendered the love song very well.
She was obliged to marry the old man.
She must care for the old man.
She entered into conversation with that old woman.
She could not help but wonder about the story.
She's hedging.
She was moved to tears at story.
Having heard the story before, she didn't want to hear it again.
She regarded the story as a joke.
She is ashamed to tell the story to others.
She shed tears while listening to the story.
She put the blanket over the child sleeping on the sofa.
She sat on the sofa, reading a magazine.
She was lounging on the sofa.
She is famed as a soprano.
She likes it least of all.
She said she didn't like it, but I thought, personally, it was very good.
She refused to play with it, and just sat and looked angry.
She declined to say more about it.
She didn't say a word about it.
She had nothing to say about it.
She talks as if she knew all about it.
She can't have known about it.
It's impossible that she knew about it.
She demanded to know about it.
She worked on it with her all soul.
She looked down on the office girls she had worked with.
She had never seen New York before, so I offered to show her around.
She therefore came up on this side, opened her own window and tapped her horn lightly to draw attention to the fact that she was there.
She must have done it yesterday.
She did it entirely of her own accord.
She translated it word for word.
She did it easily.
She explained it over again.
She blushed seeing it.
She couldn't see it, but she could feel and hear it.
She did it on purpose.
She held on to it for dear life.
She folded it in paper.
She stressed that she did it by herself.
She went in to get it.
She took it off.
She bought it at the butcher's.
She did it in her own way.
It appears that she has a secret.
When she heard it, she just cried.
Her eyes popped out when she heard that.
She came here as soon as she heard of it.
She had never spoken to him before that time.
She is going on 35.
She does not do things like that.
She had, I thought, no right to do that.
She isn't so green as to say so.
Is she so foolish as to believe that?
She needn't have gone in such a hurry.
She was surprised that it was that late.
She knew better than to ask such a stupid question.
She should not have done such a thing.
She would not deign to consider such an offer.
She put on an assumption of ignorance.
She owns a Turner.
She tried to go on a diet and lose five kilograms.
She is denying herself sweets because of her diet.
She got off easily.
She is a regular beauty.
She's very beautiful.
She is about my age.
She is usually at home on Sundays.
She comes home at about six as a rule.
She set out for Thailand.
She is a typist.
She found employment as a typist.
She got a position as a typist.
She types well.
She has made herself master of typing.
She is an expert typist.
She has no experience in typing, nor does the skill interest her.
She sang very well.
She plays the violin very well.
She is quite angry.
She speaks English very fluently.
She dried her face on a towel.
She wrung the towel dry.
She has a lot of money.
She has plenty of work to do.
She wrung the juice from a lot of oranges.
She put away a good deal of money.
She competed against many fine athletes.
She made a lot of spelling mistakes.
She has a lot of English books.
She takes part in many school activities.
She wrote a lot of poems.
She had to speak before a large audience.
She has plenty of books.
She has a lot of history books.
She had the care of many older people.
She has many handkerchiefs.
She did a great deal of work.
She got in the taxi.
She is a taxi driver.
Is she a taxi driver?
She called me a taxi.
She went out to look for a taxi.
She's just acting disappointed.
She got the ticket for nothing.
She is no more than a child.
She is apt to look only at the surface of things.
Her only care is the safety of her children.
She just laughed the matter off.
She has no more than one thousand yen.
She has no more than fifteen dollars.
She's just started for your house.
She went out just now.
She came home just now.
She looks pretty, no matter what she wears.
She will come even if she is tired.
She coughed from smoking.
She stopped smoking.
She has to stop smoking.
She's wearing a loose coat.
She is probably just making a mountain out of a molehill again.
Perhaps she will come tomorrow.
She was cheated into buying worthless stock.
She happened to have the day off.
It happened that she was taking a bath.
She happened to know his address.
She sighed and clasped her hands tightly together.
She felt someone touch her back.
She is well spoken of by everybody.
She's trusted by everyone, isn't she?
She is curious to find who sent the flowers.
She is beloved by everyone.
She is amiable to everybody.
She didn't want to speak to anyone.
She is a good dancer.
She went to Los Angeles for the purpose of studying dancing.
She has bought a record of dance music.
She was beginning to get desperate.
She is getting prettier.
She is getting well by degrees.
She is getting better by degrees.
She can dance the best of all the cheerleaders.
She stirred her tea with a little gold spoon.
She's not in the least worried.
She grows flowers such as tulips, pansies and daisies.
She has just finished washing dishes.
She has got there just in time.
She telephoned just now.
She is just going shopping.
She loves chocolate, too.
She is partial to chocolate cake.
She is quite a poet.
She has some money of her own.
She lives in quite a big mansion.
She won't give up easily.
She froze for a moment.
She does not take a rest for an instant.
She stood silently, her head tilted slightly to one side.
She finally made up her mind to go abroad.
She eventually got into the bad habit of smoking.
She has finally been regarded by the nation as the most charismatic actress.
She has finally reached the Arctic.
She has finally achieved her end.
She finally mustered up the courage to ask him for more money.
She fled for fear of being caught.
She is a difficult person to deal with.
She listened to him with her eyes modestly cast down.
She easily takes offence at trifles.
Did she have a hard time?
She was weeping with pain.
She shed bitter tears.
She kept dancing at the disco all night.
She is having dinner now.
She was asked to go out with him.
She took the tablecloths to the laundry.
She arranged the dishes on the table.
She spread a cloth over the table.
She set the tray down on the table.
She poured coffee into the cups on the table.
She attempted to swim across the Thames.
She tried to run as fast as she could.
She tries to read as many books as she can.
She studied French as hard as possible.
She ran as fast as possible.
She is being as nice as she can.
She poured her passion into her kids as much as she could.
She beat the cream for dessert.
She wants to be a designer.
She took something out of the bag.
She is not in the least worried about her test scores.
She is a good tennis player.
She can play tennis, and so can I.
She plays tennis very well.
She can play tennis very well, but I can play just about as well as she can.
She liked tennis and became a tennis coach.
She likes tennis as well as basketball.
She is given to tennis.
She's very good at tennis, but she's not much of a swimmer.
Besides playing tennis, she skis very well.
She is fond of playing tennis.
She is good at playing tennis.
She had an accident that ended her life as a tennis player.
She belongs to the tennis club.
Does she belong to the tennis club?
She got out of the taxi at the department store.
She loves watching tennis matches on TV.
She asked him to adjust the TV set.
She tuned her television set to Channel 6.
She killed about two hours watching TV.
She came round to the idea of watching TV.
She tried to get a tent at the shop, but she could not find the one she wanted.
She put the chain on the door and opened it a crack.
She was angry to find the door locked.
She shut the door on her finger.
She went inside the door.
She ran for the door.
She gave the door a gentle push.
She knocked on the door.
She pulled the door open.
She hadn't noticed the cold until she opened the door.
She kicked the door.
She shut the door and went upstairs.
She can speak German, not to mention English.
They say that she was born in Germany.
She was at her wit's end what to do.
She was at a loss what to do next.
I wonder why she didn't tell him about it.
How did she get such an idea into her head?
She would cook it in her own way.
She insisted on going abroad, but her father told her not to.
She would never own up to a mistake.
She would not change her mind.
She could not quite bring herself to adopt a child.
She would not follow my advice.
She will have her own way.
She would not admit him into her apartment.
She wouldn't let him in the room no matter what.
She wouldn't let him in.
She would not disclose the secret.
She would not give in to her husband.
She won't agree to a divorce.
She finally decided to separate from her husband.
No one knows what has become of her.
He asked me what had become of her.
I wonder what has become of her.
What will become of her?
She managed to back their boat into the garage.
She had escaped detection somehow.
She managed to carry all the bags herself.
She managed to drive a car.
How did she come to know so much about fish?
To all appearances, she is a man of learning.
She spread honey thickly on her toast.
She lives just down the street.
She will sometimes sit still for hours.
She calls on me from time to time.
She drinks a little wine at times.
She sometimes has her sister write her term papers.
She sometimes stays up late at night.
She sometimes mixes up fancies with realities.
She is covered in confusion.
She looked as though she had seen me somewhere before.
She came up from goodness knows where.
She's every bit an English lady.
She looked every inch the movie star.
She went shopping elsewhere.
She has been praised everywhere.
I wonder where she studied English conversation.
She wondered where she had lost her purse.
Where did she buy a book?
Where has she gone?
I wonder where she has gone.
Wherever she goes, she is well liked.
She is, if anything, a little better today.
She is, if anything, a little better today than yesterday.
She was at a loss which way to go.
I don't know which doctor she meant.
Which do you suppose she chose?
She advised me which I should buy.
She lives alone in a house of enormous dimensions.
She is a very nice person.
She has a very enviable position.
She is as modest as anything.
She is very pretty.
She is very pretty, isn't she?
She is a very dear girl.
She is as pretty as anything.
She looks very lovely.
She has a very good figure.
She has such a fine car that her friends envied her.
She cooked us a wonderful meal.
She is eager to go to France.
She's a very earnest person.
She asked a very good question.
She is a very good teacher.
She is anxious to visit Europe.
She looks very young.
She is a most gracious neighbor.
She works very hard.
She is a very poor driver.
She stands in great danger.
She looks very happy.
She's in the least worried.
She was so generous as to give me all the money I needed.
She is very free with her money.
She was very excited.
She's a very interesting person.
She was such a hardworking girl that she made much progress in French.
She seems to be very ill.
She looks nice and healthy.
She is very wise.
She is a most wise mother.
She was in such a hurry that she left her umbrella behind on the train.
She so wants to go.
She bears herself very well.
She looks so grand.
She is very thoughtful and patient.
She was a great help to me.
She is a very feminine person.
She is a very clever liar.
She can play the piano very well.
She can speak English very well.
She is able to sing very well.
She is very kind. This is why she is liked by everybody.
Everyone liked her because she was very kind.
She is a very kind girl.
She wants to become thin very much.
She lives in a huge house.
She owns a very big house.
She is very careful, so she seldom makes mistakes.
She has lived alone for ages.
She was so angry that she could not speak.
She is very smart, and what is more, she studies hard.
She is very intelligent.
She is very shy and feels ill at ease at parties.
She must have worked very hard.
She is a student who studies very hard.
She was so sad that she did not want to speak to anyone.
She is very sad.
She was so tired that she couldn't walk.
She is very beautiful, and what is more, very wise.
Such was her anger that she lost control of herself.
She is very hardworking.
She takes after her mother so much.
She is as busy as a bee.
She must be very busy.
I find her appearance attractive.
She radiates with charm.
She is very bright.
I found her very amusing.
She said with deepest tenderness, "Are you all right"?
She looks very elegant.
She's as clever as they make 'em.
She cooks very well.
She is politeness itself.
She told Tony.
She wanted to go out anyway.
What is she like?
She married Tom last month.
She decided on marrying Tom.
She invited Tom and me to the party.
She's as busy as Tom.
She put two calls in for Tom.
She's Tom's sister.
She's older than Tom.
She loves Tom.
She fainted at the sight of a tiger.
She can play the drum.
She didn't play cards, because she didn't like it.
She especially likes music.
She especially liked to polish her jewels.
She sprinkled some scent on her dress.
She paid the dressmaker for her dress.
She adorned her dress with flowers.
She had her dress made.
She bought six yards of cloth for a dress.
However ill she is, she always works.
She makes it a rule to attend any meeting.
She is a glutton for punishment.
She aspired to any sort of career.
She doesn't answer any kind of letter.
She has the wonderful capability to overcome any obstacle.
Do you know what color she likes?
What color do you think she likes?
She is proof against any temptation.
She is crying.
She cut the apple with a knife.
She cut her hand on a knife.
She is a polished lady.
She is quite pretty, but looks unhealthy.
She is far from a fool.
She's pretty good at it, but she lacks class.
She is quite a clever girl.
She is looking for her missing wallet.
She could not understand why they fought.
Why is she so silent?
She looks blue for some reason.
Why did she go to the station?
Why did she go out in a hurry?
She would not tell me why she had gone home first.
Why did she break off her speech?
She begged for something to drink.
She did not say anything.
What does she do?
How pretty she is!
What lovely eyes she has!
She bundled everything into the drawers.
She is a cheerful giver.
She has her own way in everything.
How young she is!
How well she plays the piano!
How kind she is.
How fast she swims!
How fast she is running!
What an intelligent woman she is!
She's very handy with a saw.
How beautiful she is!
She managed to keep up appearances.
She wanted desperately to get her vengeance.
She was able to cook herself dinner, after a fashion.
She managed not to mention her plan.
She was at a loss for words.
What a kind girl she is!
What a beautiful girl she is.
What a beautiful woman she is!
What a tender heart she has.
She was all smiles.
She greeted us with a smile.
She smiled.
She said so with a smile.
She greeted me with a big smile.
She couldn't accustom herself to New England winters.
The girl jumped at the chance to go to New York.
She grew up in the harsh environment of New York City.
She hates carrots.
She cut off the carrot tops.
She adores cats.
She is afraid of cats.
She fastened the clasp of her necklace.
She was caught red-handed trying to steal a necklace.
She wrote down something in her notebook.
She handles a saw very well.
She is easygoing.
She has an eye on a good bargain.
She blew out all the candles on the birthday cake.
She made friends with Tom at the party.
She drank two glasses of wine at the party.
She introduced me to her friends at the party.
She went on talking about her new car at the party.
She tried to conceal her grief at the party.
She was dressed in white at the party.
She was happy to be introduced to him at the party.
She was at a loss what to wear for the party.
She wants to attend the party.
She was aching to go to the party.
She dressed up for the party.
She was asked to the party.
She expends her energy on parties.
She was cleaning the house in preparation for a party.
She put on her new dress for the party.
She made elaborate preparations for the party.
She arranged her hair for the party.
She kept on dancing all through the party.
She was impatient to leave the party.
She enjoyed herself a lot at the party.
She proposed giving a party.
It appears that she had a nice time at the party.
She called off the party.
She got a part-time job as a typist.
She insisted on applying for a part-time job.
She wore heart-shaped earrings.
She was accepted at Harvard.
She plays the violin well.
She played on the violin.
She earns her living by playing the violin.
She was heard playing the violin.
She has a sense of fashion.
She walked past clicking her high heels.
She can't even harm a fly.
She fell head over heels from the ladder.
She was standing on a ladder painting the ceiling.
She was going up a ladder.
She betrayed her friends for the first time.
She blushed with shame.
She got off the bus and ran towards him.
She transferred from the bus to the subway.
She raised her hand for the bus to stop.
She lifted one corner of the napkin which covered her basket and let me have a quick look.
She played basketball.
She is panting from playing basketball.
She is a member of the basketball club.
She handed me the basket and suggested I wait until I got home to open it, in case anyone was watching.
She went to Chicago by bus.
She was careless enough to leave her bag in the bus.
She didn't run fast enough to catch the bus.
She was in time for the bus.
She got on a bus and took a seat in the front.
The bus ride made her feel so sick that she began to vomit.
She was late for the bus.
She made room for an old woman in the bus.
She was in trouble because she lost her passport.
She must have taken the wrong bus.
She mixed the butter and sugar together.
She bought two pounds of butter.
She speaks clearly to be easily understood.
She speaks clearly enough to be easily understood.
She left her bag behind on the rack when she got off the train.
She follows all the latest trends in fashion.
She is as beautiful as a rose.
She talked about Paris as if she had been there many times.
She has been to Paris.
She has gone to Paris.
She took a trip to Paris.
She left for Paris.
She is visiting Paris.
She went all the way to see her doctor only to find him absent.
She told me that she came all the way from Hokkaido to see her brother.
She earns her living as a ballet dancer.
She went to Paris for the purpose of learning ballet.
She has been to Hawaii several times.
She wiped her face with a handkerchief.
She blew her nose with her handkerchief.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
She planted some pansies in the flower bed.
She felt in her handbag for her ring.
She looked in her bag for the key of the house, but could not find it.
She had her handbag stolen.
She bought a handbag, but she lost it the next day.
She lost her handbag.
She spread the butter on the bread.
She patted the hamburger meat into a flat shape.
She was shod in pumps.
She hit me on the head with a hammer.
She idled away many hours lying in the hammock.
She bought a loaf of bread.
She got a piece of bread stuck in her throat.
She is a pianist and her sister is a singer.
She is a pianist.
She can play the piano well.
She cannot play the piano.
She played a tune on the piano.
She played the piano accompaniment for a violin solo.
She played a waltz on the piano.
She accompanied the singer on the piano.
She struck high notes on the piano.
She showed great skill on the piano.
She depressed the keys of the piano.
She will rapidly progress in her piano lessons.
She takes private piano lessons.
She saw some books lying on the piano.
She took her seat at the piano and began to play.
She spends a lot of time practicing the piano.
She can play the violin, not to mention the piano.
She is good at playing the piano.
She played the piano beautifully.
Has she a piano?
She is learning the piano.
She will be able to play the piano well.
She is happiest when she is playing the piano.
She plays the piano.
She is beginning to play the piano.
Does she play the piano?
She sings as well as plays the piano.
She can't play piano very well.
She's meant to practice the piano for two hours.
She got so carried away listening to the Beatles that she missed the date with him.
She hates green peppers.
She went on a picnic.
She went down on her knees to pray.
She prayed to God on her knees.
She applied for a visa.
She screams if you even touch her funny bone.
She cried out in surprise.
She was absorbed in the video.
She was indignant at the way she had been treated.
She is exceedingly sensitive to the cold.
She has a bad head cold.
A bad cold confined her to her bed.
She looked after her sister, who was in bed with a bad cold.
She was hurrying the hell up.
She wept like anything.
She was waiting for her son with great anxiety.
She was deadly tired.
She went out without saying a word.
She isn't as energetic as she once was.
The moment she was alone, she opened the letter.
She wanted to be alone.
She carried this table by herself.
She lived there by herself.
She lives alone in the room.
She woke up on her own.
She promised not to go out alone.
She is muttering to herself.
It is preferable that she do it alone.
She is old enough to travel by herself.
She bought a chicken.
She doesn't like to associate with Bill.
She really cut a dash in her pink evening gown.
She picked out a pink shirt for me to try on.
She wasn't able to open the bottle.
She could not fasten the zip of her dress.
She exercises every day at a fitness club.
She bought a pair of boots.
She dived into the swimming pool.
She gave birth to twins.
She sang better than usual.
In general, she doesn't eat very much.
She made an abrupt answer.
She seems quite indifferent to football.
She has good footwork.
She hit upon a good idea.
She was too proud to do anything disgraceful.
She pulled down the blinds.
She pulled the blinds down.
She tore a hole in her blouse.
She beat off a big snake with a plastic toy bat.
It is said that she is the best tennis player in France.
She left France for America.
She is proficient in both Spanish and Italian.
She is proficient in French.
She has a good command of French.
He is good at French, much more so at English.
She was fluent in French.
She can speak French, much more English.
She can speak French.
She can speak French, and fluently at that.
She is second to none in French.
She managed to read a book written in French.
Since she speaks in French, I can't understand her.
She knows French inside out.
She is second to none in her command of French.
She is intent on mastering French.
She doesn't even speak her own language well, let alone French.
She acquired a knowledge of French.
She knows French, and even more English.
She acknowledged that she couldn't speak French.
She is a native speaker of French.
She can speak French fluently.
She has the ability to speak and write French.
Does she speak French?
She speaks French, much more English.
I don't think she can speak French.
She can speak French, and is even better at English.
She may be French.
She majors in French literature.
She poured brandy into the glasses.
She can run a full marathon.
She put on the brakes and the car stopped.
She is anxious for a gift.
She is a follower of Freud.
She is wearing a brooch.
She is a computer programmer.
She turned down his proposal.
She has altered the way she does her hair.
She explained to me how to use the hair drier.
She unlocked the car door by means of a hairpin.
She bought a hair brush and a tooth brush.
She likes classical composers such as Beethoven and Bach.
She went by the name of Bess.
She lost no time in reading a best-selling novel.
She put clean sheets on the bed.
She lay down on the bed.
What does she keep as a pet?
She was lying face down on the bed.
She is Betty.
She can't go to the party because she doesn't have a babysitter.
She has a dislike for snakes and mathematics.
She shuddered at the thought of snakes.
She has a great fear of snakes.
She made a mess of the work.
She admitted to having heroin.
She seated herself on the bench.
She put down her pen.
She took a pen out of her pocket.
She sweeps the room with a broom.
She is going to part from her boyfriend.
She is knitting a sweater for her boyfriend.
She complained about her boyfriend's prank.
She called out to him, with tears running down her cheeks.
She poured the milk into a bowl.
She hit the ball hard.
She is more beautiful than any other girl.
She is my girlfriend.
She is a treasure to my office.
She caught my eye.
She used a damp rag to wipe off the dust.
She brushed away the dust.
She traveled from Boston to San Francisco via Chicago.
She didn't notice one of her buttons unfastened.
She has a slender figure.
She stayed at a hotel.
Is she staying at a hotel?
She got to the hotel late at night.
She pulled up near the hotel office.
She had the hotel suite to herself.
She has asked the man at the hotel desk to get her the number.
She's very particular about her choice of hotels.
She will be back before long.
She didn't have much money.
She spoke scarcely a word of English.
She hardly ate anything.
She has come to know something like love.
She asked Bob to teach her how to ski.
She smiled and accepted my little present.
She looked at me with tears running down her cheeks.
She is above praise.
She takes pleasure in seeing horror films.
She devoted herself to the volunteer activity.
She resolved to work as a volunteer.
She prepared the meal in a very short time.
She had only a small fortune.
She is a mere child.
She is nothing but a child.
She was idly turning over the pages of a magazine.
She was idly looking out of the window.
She has an absent look on her face.
She's honest enough, but can you really trust her?
She seems to have seen the very accident.
She was jolly well made to pay.
She was about to leave the house.
She was on the point of leaving.
She is getting prettier and prettier.
She seems to get fatter and fatter.
She has become more and more beautiful.
She seldom, if ever, goes to bed before eleven.
She is chattering yet.
She hasn't come here yet. I am afraid she may have lost her way.
She has not come here yet.
She has not come here yet. I am afraid she may have lost her way.
She hasn't come here yet.
She did not promise to come here again.
She is not here yet.
She will be coming to see us again soon.
She's not yet heard the news.
She has broken the toaster again.
She is a mere child, you know.
She is her old self again.
She is not up yet.
She will write another book one of these days.
She changed her mind again, which made us all angry.
She hasn't turned up yet.
She's but a child.
She has not spoken to me yet.
She cannot tell the time yet.
She can't ride a bicycle yet.
She made a great discovery while yet a young student.
She may not have finished her homework.
She has not finished her homework yet.
She is yet to know the truth.
She is economically independent of her parents.
She's still dependent on her parents.
She believes her son is still alive.
She has not yet accepted his proposal.
She still loved him.
She has not yet had her name entered in her husband's family.
She hasn't cleaned her room yet.
She doesn't dare leave the room for fear she should catch cold.
She is still under age.
She hasn't come yet.
She hasn't come yet. She may have taken a wrong bus.
She still depends on her parents.
She hasn't got the knack of cooking yet.
She found herself much alone.
She did it all by herself.
She told me that the most incredible thing had just happened.
She is all nervous.
She blinked to stop the tears.
She will come to this place soon.
She will come here before long.
Before long, she came into my room.
She will leave the hospital soon.
She soon came to believe him.
It won't be long before she gets over her illness.
She will be here before long.
She will come back before long.
It will not be long before she comes back.
The job filled every minute of her day.
She talks as if he knew everything under the sun.
She talks as if she knew everything about it.
She speaks as if she had really been in France.
She looks as noble as if she were a princess.
She talks as if she knew everything.
She talks about Paris as if she had been there many times.
She talked as if she were my mother.
She looks as beautiful as if she were an actress.
She speaks as if she were a teacher.
She looked as if she had been sick for a long time.
She looked as if she had been ill.
She looks pale as if she were ill.
She speaks English as if she were a native speaker.
She looked as though she had seen a ghost.
She is a woman of singular beauty.
She saw the shabby little house, but she didn't hurry by.
She is a pretty girl to look at.
She does Mickey Mouse very well.
She lives on milk and vegetables.
She drank a cup of milk.
She is dearly loved by everybody.
She is loved by everybody.
She asked the same question of everyone in turn.
She is known to everyone.
She walked fast so as to catch up with the others.
She will have to cook for everyone.
She drives everybody up the wall.
She had a sullen look on her face.
She asked Mary to find her little boy.
She gave the children two apples each.
She's cleaning off the make-up.
She wore glasses.
She is applying the glasses.
She took off her glasses and put her contacts in.
She put off going to Mexico.
She seldom goes to that sort of place.
She seldom goes out.
She is seldom late for school.
She seldom eats breakfast.
She is rarely late for appointments.
She seldom gives way to tears.
She was baptized Mary.
She kept her eyes closed.
She has been studying French for ten years, so she ought to realize what French is.
She is having second thoughts about buying another car.
She is no longer what she was five years ago.
Is she here yet?
She is close on sixty.
She will be able to swim soon.
They say that she'll get married soon.
It's in the cards for her to buy a car soon.
She doesn't live there any more.
Has she finished the book yet?
It's all over with her.
She'll try it once more.
She tried to jump up a second time.
She felt like going to Tohoku again.
She ought to be at the office by now.
She has already left the office.
She was now out of danger.
She is out of danger.
She is already married.
Now that she has quit her job, we can't depend on her.
She has already finished the work.
Has she finished her work yet?
She's no spring chicken. She's at least thirty.
She came near being drowned.
She was close to breaking into tears.
She came close to falling off the platform.
She came near being run over.
She was almost late for school.
She is now well enough to work.
She told me once and for all that she did not want to see me again.
She knows now that he is not to be counted on.
She's old enough to know the truth.
She is already back.
She can naturally speak English.
She wanted to live a more relaxing life.
She wished for a more relaxing life, but that was impossible under the circumstances.
She's practicing English so she can get a better job.
She is after a better job.
She admonished the child to be more careful.
She is looking for a large apartment.
She asked the office, in order to obtain more detailed information.
She should listen more to other people.
She should have been more careful.
She needs to be more careful.
She is old enough to know better.
She is said to have been a model.
She is making an effort at becoming a model.
She was formerly a bank clerk.
She is herself again.
She's hyperactive.
She has a gigantic appetite.
She lacks common sense.
She had a thoughtful look on her face.
She could not put up with the insults any more.
She is no longer what she used to be.
She was kept under with morphine injections.
She left the kitchen with the kettle boiling.
She is gentle.
She is not only gentle but brave.
She will make a fond mother.
She is on a diet to lose weight.
She went on a reducing diet.
She has tried various methods of slimming down.
She buys shoes indiscriminately.
She was profuse in praises.
She is likely to come.
She finally reached the hotel.
She managed to get by the crowd in the park.
She was obliged to give up the plan.
As often as she tried, she failed.
She was caught in a shower and got wet to the skin.
She has a sense of humor.
She turned the doorknob slowly.
She slowly moved forward.
She closed her diary slowly.
She wore a loose jacket.
She is blessed with good sons.
She rushed home with the good news.
She came with good news.
She made a tour around Europe.
She's a frequent visitor to this country.
She talks a lot.
She cannot be relied on because she often tells lies.
She will often listen to records for hours.
She would often play tricks on me.
She pretended to be hard of hearing.
She would often come late for school.
She would cite from the Bible.
She was frequently late for school.
She works hard.
She is charming as well as diligent.
She is often mistaken for her sister.
She bore her sorrow well.
She would often play the piano after school.
She is often absent without leave.
She goes under the name of Yotchan.
She isn't used to sitting up late at night.
She relies on the lion.
She rode a camel.
She turned down the radio.
She had a radio.
She turned off the radio.
She practices English conversation by listening to the radio.
She started early in order to avoid the rush hour.
She bound her hair with a ribbon.
She had a basket full of apples.
She watched the apple trees burst into blossom.
She cut the apple in half.
She was as thin as a rail.
She gave me access to her records.
She went out of the restaurant.
She is a very correct lady.
She made many mistakes in typing the report.
Was she able to write a report?
She played cards with Roy.
She took a strong hold on the rope.
She climbed a rope hand over hand.
She paid a visit to Laurie's house.
She had only eaten a little before she left the table.
She answered with hardly a smile.
When she was in Los Angeles, she had at least six different jobs.
She can speak Russian.
She is absorbed in rock music.
Now Marina was a romantic, she had not yet fallen into that passive state of mind which accepts that one should find a corner to live, anywhere, and then arrange one's whole life around it.
She was wearing long boots.
She is our next best pianist after Mr Long.
She went either to London or to Paris.
She went from London to Paris.
She would often go to the theater when she was in London.
She is living in London.
She took full advantage of her stay in London to improve her English.
She prefers beer to wine.
She wept over her child's death.
She had to smile at her misfortune.
She felt a pain in her side.
She purposely showed off her dress.
She cried for effect.
She deliberately ignored me on the street.
She went out of her way to do such a foolish thing.
She tried hard in vain to make both ends meet on a small salary.
She wrote the book with very little effort.
She lives on a small pension.
She sat side by side with me.
She did well by me.
She was very delighted with my gift.
She is always curious about what I am doing.
She seems to understand what I say.
She may or may not agree with us.
She lives in an apartment above us.
She felt something between love and hatred.
She was radiant with love.
She was greedy for love.
She has a charming face.
She is dead to love.
She is hungry for affection.
She is curt.
She left without even saying good-bye to her friends.
She had a bad tooth taken out.
She is mixing with the wrong crowd.
She didn't do it out of malice.
She is possessed by a devil.
She seems to be possessed by an evil spirit.
She gave me her hand to shake.
She works hard in the office for a small salary.
She installed herself in an easy chair.
She lives in comfort.
She is always complaining of her small salary.
She had an easy delivery.
She gave out a sigh of relief.
She doesn't wear the cheap stuff.
She is very afraid of the dark.
She groped for the light switch in the dark.
She came home after dark.
She has a terror of darkness.
She could not get over her fear of the dark.
She disappeared in the dark.
She's afraid of the dark.
She managed to run away under cover of darkness.
She made the same mistake as before.
She was been here before, and so have I.
She has never seen it before.
She is not the cheerful woman she was before.
She was in the habit of sitting up late at night.
She writes much better now than she used to.
She was believed to have been a film star before.
She proved to be a great musician.
She became a great artist.
With dignity she protested her innocence.
Brought up by a weak mother, she is partial to sweets.
She recovered her senses.
She was taken to hospital unconscious.
She is an obstinate girl.
She's a big teaser.
She was sitting in a chair, and she was watching TV.
She sat in a chair reading a magazine.
Sitting on the chair, she listened to me.
She flung her coat on the chair and stormed into the room.
She feels very shy in the presence of the opposite sex.
She died of stomach cancer.
She is going to have another blouse made to go with her costume.
She makes careful choices when she buys clothes.
She went to America with a view to studying medicine.
She went to Germany to study medicine.
She was a medical student.
She is a doctor and also an alpinist.
Is she a doctor?
Isn't she a doctor?
She is not a doctor, but a teacher.
She became a doctor.
She will become a doctor.
She was trained as a doctor.
She decided to be a doctor.
She had an appointment with the doctor.
She is well brought up.
She looked after my dog for a month.
She has worn the same hat for a month.
She supports her family.
There's more to her than you think. She may seem pretty meek on first glance, but I get the sense she can get things done when she needs to.
She is apparently an honest woman.
She is, in a word, a dreamer.
She left the room without saying a word.
She couldn't utter a word.
She has a faculty for doing two things at once.
She was made to wait for over an hour.
She will get well in a week.
She was rapt in prayer.
She likes to be on her own.
She lives in an apartment alone.
She came alone.
She lives in this house by herself.
She carried that table by herself.
She is incapable of doing anything alone.
She is not old enough to travel abroad by herself.
She likes to go walking by herself.
She decided to go shopping by herself.
She mourned over the death of her only son.
She is used to living alone.
She was afraid to travel alone.
She hid the secret from her husband all her life.
She brought up nine children in her life.
She devoted her life to education.
She spent her life in pursuit of the truth.
She continued studying all her life.
She explained about this goods hard.
She ran as fast as she could.
She made up for lost time by working hard.
Although she studied hard, she did not succeed in the examination.
She tried hard and she failed.
She was hard at work writing letters.
She worked hard.
She attained her success through hard work.
She is hard at work.
She worked hard, only to fail the examination.
She has to study hard and catch up with everybody in her class.
She must have studied very hard.
She had to study hard to catch up with her classmates.
She passed the examination by working hard.
She remained unmarried until death.
She remained single all her life.
I don't know what's got into her.
How did she ever pass the test?
She has visited New York once.
She has never been asked for a date.
She had never mingled in the society of women.
She has never fallen in love.
She goes to the dentist every other day.
She goes to the library every other day.
She indulges in tennis all the day.
The girl did nothing but read all day.
She remained silent all day.
She kept silent all day.
She is a good teacher, as teachers go.
She cried throughout the night.
She kept crying all night.
She kept crying all night long.
She read the book all night.
She lay awake all night.
She picked out the most expensive dress.
She made her way to the goal step by step.
She handed me a postcard.
She was chosen from ten thousand applicants.
She fell in love with him at first sight.
She saw at a glance that her daughter had been crying.
She suddenly became famous.
She screamed at the flash of lightning.
She announced her intention to retire.
She put some money away every month for her retirement.
She abandoned herself to drinking.
She took no pleasure in eating or drinking.
She went to school in spite of the pain in her right leg.
She got burnt in the right hand.
She is secretary to Mr Uda.
She has known better days.
She walked on and on in the rain.
She is often late for school on a rainy day.
She is incapable of deceit.
She accused me of telling a lie.
She scorns liars.
She tried to investigate the truth about the rumor.
She is a confirmed gossip.
She is very fond of gossip.
She resented his remarks about her poor driving.
She's too young to get a driver's license.
She wants to get a driver's license.
She had no choice but to accept her fate.
She tried to swim.
She is a good swimmer.
She boasts that she can swim well.
She doesn't know how to swim.
She went there to swim.
She is good at swimming.
She can't swim.
She can't swim and neither can I.
She is good at speaking English.
She praised me, saying my English had improved by leaps and bounds.
She is at home in English.
She directed her efforts at learning to speak English.
Not only can she speak French, she can also speak English.
She can speak Spanish as well as English.
She can speak not only English but also French.
In addition to English, she speaks French fluently.
She speaks not only English but also French.
She got 80 marks for English.
She got good grades in English.
She got good marks in English.
She can write a letter in English.
She keeps her diary in English.
She speaks English, and French as well.
She can speak both English and German.
She is capable of teaching both English and French.
She is fluent in English and French.
She was at home in English.
She is quite at home in English.
She takes a great interest in English.
She is excellent in English.
She really showed her stuff in the English speech contest.
She has a rich vocabulary of English words.
She had an oral examination in English.
She took an examination in English.
She availed herself of every opportunity to improve her English.
She is married to an English teacher, so she can take lessons free of charge.
She acquired the knowledge of English.
She gets good marks in English.
She is busy learning English.
She is making progress with her English.
She can speak French, to say nothing of English.
Not only does she speak English, but also German.
She speaks German and French, not to mention English.
She speaks Spanish, not to mention English.
She can speak French fluently, not to mention English.
She can speak French and German, not to speak of English.
She speaks both English and French.
She can speak English very naturally.
She speaks English very well.
She studied abroad in order to brush up her English.
She gives instruction in English.
She has great ability in teaching English.
She speaks good English.
She studies English.
She got into the university with a view to studying English.
She studies English every day.
She speaks English and also speaks Swahili.
Does she speak English?
She flatters herself that she is the best speaker of English.
She can't speak English, much less French.
She is a British citizen but her native land is France.
She went to America for the purpose of studying English literature.
She is a lady of business acumen.
She takes a taxi from the station to her house.
She waited for her lover at the station.
She hurried to the station only to miss the train.
She was reading a gardening manual.
She is reading a manual on gardening.
She refused my offer to help her.
She was anxious for help.
She has a genius for acting.
She is excellent at making speeches.
She made references to World War II in her speech.
She wore a blue dress made by her mother for the concert.
She stopped to smoke.
She heard a dog barking in the distance.
She caught sight of a rowing boat in the distance.
She didn't go far.
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil.
She didn't have any pencils.
She discovered that she had run out of salt.
She put the dirty dishes in the sink.
She wanted to wash the dirty clothes.
She has a clean heart.
She lives in Yokohama.
She dreamed that she was a princess.
She climbed down from the roof.
She would often practice the violin on the roof.
She boldly went up to the king.
She resented being called a coward.
She is a quiet woman.
She spoke in mild accents.
She likes music very much.
She understands music.
She has a love of music.
She seemed to be very keen on music.
She excels her class in music.
She devoted her life to music.
She is interested in music.
She has her heart in music.
She finds an everlasting enjoyment in music.
She has a great interest in music.
She's sitting as if charmed by the music.
She has a great faculty for music.
She has a genius for music.
Her musical talent was indifferent.
She regretted not having gone into music.
She went to Italy to study music.
She went to Austria for the purpose of studying music.
She wants to go abroad so that she can study music.
She went to Italy for the purpose of studying music.
She always studies listening to music.
She had a passionate interest in music.
She was listening to music.
She began to derive further pleasure from listening to music.
She likes to listen to music.
She went to Paris to study music.
She went to France in order to study music.
She went to Germany for the purpose of studying music.
She made her first appearance as a musician.
She married a musician.
She did not arrive until the concert was over.
She enjoyed herself at the concert.
She devoted her time to the study of music.
She went to Italy with a view to studying music.
She was born and brought up on the backstreets.
She wears a lot of makeup.
She is putting on some face lotion.
She felt something touch her neck.
What is she so unhappy about?
She quit her job for some reason.
She resembles her mother in every respect.
She acted as if she didn't care what happened.
She refused to speak of what had happened.
Does she have a hobby?
She seems to know something important.
She asked me if anything was the matter.
She is acting from some selfish motive.
How she talks!
She thinks of everything in terms of money.
She may well be said to think of everything in terms of money.
She must have everything her own way.
It seems to me that she knows everything.
She believes whatever he says.
She talks everything over with her parents.
She's such a lovely girl!
What do you think she said?
She is curious about anything.
She finds fault with everything and everyone.
She drove my car without so much as asking.
She acted as if she knew nothing.
She'll sit there for hours without doing anything.
She was restless because she did not have anything to do.
She spoke as though nothing had happened.
She signed to me to say nothing.
She denied that she had stolen anything.
She likes reading better than anything else.
What's eating her?
What do you think she is going to do?
She was at a loss as to what to do.
She was deliberate in everything she did.
What is she so curious about?
What is she about?
What does she have?
I wonder what's on her mind.
What is she worried about?
She had to use her dictionary many times.
How old do you think she is?
She gives the impression of not caring much about anything.
She is honest in all she does.
She is quick at everything.
She doesn't like to leave anything unfinished.
She waited for him for hours.
She listened to music for hours.
She waited for hours and hours.
She tried several times but failed.
She practiced playing the piano again and again.
She called me many a time.
Though she repeated that she was a college student, I could not bring myself to believe it.
She repeated over and over that she was innocent of the crime.
She has suffered his ill treatment of her in silence for years.
She has been dyeing her hair black for years.
She's been cheating on her husband for years.
She has hundreds of books.
How many pens does she have?
She saw play after play.
She greeted Mr Kato with a smile.
She came up with a possible solution.
She doesn't always take a trip to France in summer.
She changed her hairstyle during summer vacation.
She can hardly wait for the summer vacation.
She has been ill since about summer.
She doesn't speak Japanese at home.
She's at home taking care of the kids.
She has lunch at home.
She is not home, but at school.
Is she at home?
I do not think that she is at home.
She is happiest when she is at home.
She had an air conditioner installed in her house.
She went home.
She thought of her cat left behind at home.
She apologized to his father for coming home late.
She spoke for the homeless.
She was getting ready for leaving home.
She has put her house up for sale.
She has let her house furnished.
She's at a loss how to make ends meet.
She wore a plain blue dress.
She was occupied with household work.
She has a great interest in house keeping.
She went about the household chores.
Not only does she keep house, but she teaches at school.
She studies hygiene as part of her domestic science course.
She boasts of her family.
She worked hard in behalf of her family.
She prepares wholesome meals for her family.
She worked on behalf of her family.
She likes to cook for her family.
She went to New York, leaving her family behind.
She agreed that she would pay half the rent.
She seems to be laboring under the family handicap.
She is said to be a domestic woman.
She is weakest at science.
She wrote on gender bias in science.
She is ignorant of even the simplest facts about science.
She is ignorant of even the simplest fact about science.
She devoted her life to the study of science.
Her free time goes in playing golf.
She gives most of her spare time to playing the piano.
She doesn't seem to know what to do with her leisure time.
She began to sing.
She sings well.
Is she singing a song or playing the piano?
She stopped singing the song.
She is not so much a singer as an actress.
She is a poor excuse for a singer.
She was trained as a singer.
Is she valued highly as a singer?
She is booming as a singer.
Her success as a singer made her famous.
She made a name for herself as a singer.
She is famous as a singer.
She is noted as a singer.
She is not so much a singer as a comedian.
She is nothing but a singer.
She became a singer.
She has an extremely expressive singing voice.
She warmed herself by the fire.
She spends as much money as she earns.
She was carrying a basket full of flowers.
She says that she likes flowers.
She is very fond of flowers.
She tried to bring the flowers into focus.
The flowers cheered her up.
She is watering the flowers.
She arranged the flowers beautifully.
She likes to arrange flowers.
She picked flowers.
She is dressed like a bride.
She had her baggage carried to the airport.
She is delicately constituted.
She addressed herself to the chairperson.
She worked to excess.
She was worn out from overwork.
She was always pulling my leg when we worked together.
She implied that she would like to come with us.
She called out to us for help.
She took advantage of our hospitality and stayed a whole month without paying us anything.
She didn't come to help, but to hinder us.
She lives just across from us.
She likes to talk in our presence.
She reluctantly agreed to our proposal.
She acceded to our demands.
I went there to see her.
She tells her tale of misery to everyone she meets.
She explained that she couldn't attend the meeting.
She decided not to attend the meeting.
She kept from talking during the meeting.
She telephoned him that she couldn't attend the meeting.
She is known as auntie at the office.
There was a pink slip waiting for her at the office.
She investigated the company's output record carefully.
She wanted a better job than cleaning office floors.
She gained a position of responsibility in the firm.
She'd better bone up on company policy.
She quit the company.
She is determined to leave the company.
She is engaged in social work.
She happily granted my request.
She willingly acceded to my request.
She abandoned herself to pleasure.
She is bright, friendly, kind, and considerate. In brief, she is a good person.
She is loved by everybody because she is cheerful.
She indulged herself in nostalgic memories.
She grew up near the sea, yet she hates swimming.
She stood looking out toward the sea.
She reaped a rich harvest from her study abroad.
She spends a lot of money when she goes abroad.
She is anxious to go abroad.
She has never gone abroad.
She has been invited to sing in a choir in a foreign country.
She is living abroad.
She has a cottage by the sea.
She is loved by everyone.
She is liked by everyone.
She has a good hand for painting.
She posed for a drawing.
She's got a good eye for paintings.
She looked at the picture.
She is drawing a picture.
She is fond of painting a picture.
She went down the stairs in a hurry.
She dashed downstairs.
She went down the stairs.
She was coming down the stairs.
She is not as young as she looks.
She had never dreamed of meeting him abroad.
She speaks English with a foreign accent.
She has gone abroad.
She talked long of her experiences abroad.
She is keen to go abroad.
She was a foreigner and was treated as such.
She is married to a foreigner.
She has no chances of coming in contact with foreigners.
She drives an imported car.
She went out.
She was on the point of going out.
She put on her hat to go out.
She prefers staying home to going out.
She put on her overcoat before going out.
She's allergic to going out.
Every time she coughed, she felt a great deal of pain.
She was graded up.
She may be cute, but I don't like her.
She does know it.
She turned to the left at the corner.
She gave me a bag made of leather.
She made friends with them at the school festival.
She was noted for her good looks at school.
She is studying fine art at school.
She recollected the first day when she went to school.
She was late to school.
She bought a bicycle in order to go to school.
She goes to school.
She lives within a stone's throw of the school.
It seems that she lives in the neighborhood of the school.
She cannot have done well at school.
She is an honor to our school.
She dislikes going to school.
She was on her way to school.
She dropped out of school.
She showed me a picture of her mother as a schoolgirl.
She talked about her school life.
She put on high airs with her learning, and she was not popular.
She is a scholar and poet.
She is highly reputed not only as a scholar but also as a poet.
She fell fast asleep over a study aid.
She is a student.
She instructs students in English.
She grounded her students thoroughly in English grammar.
She pretended to be a student.
She is very popular among the students.
She boards students.
She earns money by taking in students.
She looked back on her school days.
She is apprehensive of failure in the finals.
She has a love of learning.
She has a delightful sense of humor.
She dreamed a pleasant dream.
She sang happily.
She performed this trick with ease.
She did the work without any difficulty.
She wrinkled her brows.
She has him at her beck and call.
She gathered the pieces of the broken dish.
She is a fluent speaker of English.
She reached for the bag.
She had her bag snatched.
She's leading a happy life with her husband near the sea in Kamakura.
Because she was cold, she turned on the stove.
She was shivering with cold.
She shuddered with cold.
She was wearing a thick coat against the chill.
Her mind is broad enough to listen to his son.
She wept with emotion.
Her voice broke with emotion.
She made that offer by way of thanks.
Her emotion was too strong for words.
She couldn't suppress her emotions.
She was moved to tears.
She is partial to sweets.
You could say she has a sweet tooth.
She wears a sweet perfume.
She tasted the cake to see if it was sweet enough.
She may be a nurse. I am not sure.
She is a nurse.
She is not a nurse, but a doctor.
She said she was nurse, which was a lie.
She was impressed with the altruistic service of nurses.
She is qualified as a nurse.
She wore a simple dress.
She did the job with ease.
She finished the job with ease.
She passed the examination with ease.
She's a good photographer because she's so observant.
Can she come in time?
She will get over the shock soon.
She was unconscious of her mistake.
She acknowledged having made a mistake.
She dialed the wrong number.
She is in the wrong.
She put salt into her coffee by mistake.
She didn't seem interested.
She talked about the people and things that interested her.
She looks indifferent but deep down she's very pleased.
She has a round face.
She glared at me with angry eyes.
She persists in her belief.
She resembles her mother in face.
She turned away and began to cry.
She continued sobbing without looking up.
A blush came over her face.
She looks pale. She may have been Ill.
She takes after her mother in looks.
She was within an ace of saying "I don't know".
She came near to drowning.
She almost drowned.
She provided for an urgency.
She thought no harm.
She may not be aware of the danger.
She showed her courage in the face of danger.
She is beside herself with joy.
Her heart was filled with joy.
She was full of joy.
She fairly jumped for joy.
She altered joy with grief.
She is willing to do anything for me.
She was only too glad to help us.
She danced with joy.
She gladly accepted his proposal.
She is not less beautiful than her sister.
She came out with some strange tunings.
She had a strange hat on.
She dreamed a strange dream.
She looks unhappy.
She looks happy.
She found her purse under the desk.
She removed the papers from the desk.
It seemed that she had already received the money.
She knew the story already.
Expectation caused her to be flushed with excitement.
She's working on a term paper.
She achieved remarkable results.
She took full advantage of the opportunity.
She is in a bad mood.
She is in a temper, because she missed her usual train in the subway and had to walk to work.
She was in a bad mood; she must have been put off by something that had happened before I arrived.
She showed a great deal of wit in handling the delicate question.
She could not find her way back.
She scolded her daughter for coming home too late.
She was robbed of her money on her way home.
She is aggressive.
A quick temper is the only defect in her character.
It appears that she might change her mind.
She has a friendly appearance.
She passed right by me without noticing.
She was in a sad state.
She struck me as a tactful girl.
She fainted but came to after a few minutes.
She fainted but came to in about 5 minutes.
She fell down senseless on the floor.
She pulled herself together and started to talk again.
She is a girl full of sentiment.
She almost passed out.
It is difficult for us to get along with her, because she is hard to please.
She looks bad-tempered, but she is kind at heart.
She felt sick and sank to the ground.
She's good at getting around rules.
She looked at the picture to refresh her memory.
She looked puzzled at the abrupt question posed by a reporter.
She is a lady and expects to be treated as such.
She bore the air of a lady.
She got up late.
She dreaded having to tell him what had happened.
She had bright black eyes.
She was driven to stealing by hunger.
She regarded me suspiciously.
She performed her duties.
She was named as chairman.
She argues for the sake of arguing.
She has a bad habit of smoking.
She was prohibited from smoking.
She put her room in order before her guests arrived.
She cleaned her room before her guests arrived.
She showed the visitor her baby.
She is careful about the way she receives guests.
She gave her guests a hearty reception.
She stood on her head.
She was out of breath from walking up and down hills.
She was taken ill on holiday.
She was taken ill on holiday and had to find a doctor.
She is impatient for her holidays.
She spent a good deal of money on her vacation.
She came over to France for a holiday.
She is now on vacation.
She will often go shopping on holidays.
She talked her husband into having a holiday in France.
She guided me to the palace.
She hastened to deny the story.
She quickly went up the stairs.
She came around to my house.
She came hurrying to his bedside.
She cleaned her room in a hurry.
She is apt to fits of depression.
She could not help bursting into tears.
She broke away crying.
She suddenly burst in on our conversation.
She burst into laughter.
She flared up with anger.
She was aging quickly.
Her proficiency in English rapidly improved.
She cried.
Her eyes were red from crying.
She made her crying baby drink some milk.
She kissed away the boy's tears.
She does nothing but cry.
She was watching the film with her eyes red in tears.
She tried in vain not to cry.
She tried not to cry.
She choked her utterance with sobs.
She felt like crying.
In tears, she tore up his letter and threw it away.
She is calm now; she has stopped crying.
She began crying.
She kept on crying.
She steeled herself not to cry.
She invited two of her classmates - Jane and Mary.
She gets a high salary.
As soon as she got her salary, she spent it all.
She can't do without milk.
She got married last year.
She graduated from high school last year.
She first came into contact with Japanese culture last year.
She was out of Japan last year.
She married him last year.
She hung a little Picasso on the wall of the drawing room.
She hates fish and never eats any.
She's only interested in fish and cockroaches.
She fried fish in salad oil.
She visited not only Kyoto but also Nara.
She will visit her uncle in Kyoto next week.
She went to Kyoto, didn't she?
She was from Kyoto, as was evident from her accent.
She ran second.
She was none the worse for drinking spirits.
She's a woman of strong character.
She had her hat blown off by the strong wind.
She is obstinate.
She forced me to go out with her.
She was dumb with fear.
She was afraid to pass through the woods.
She was scared to cross the road.
She looked away terrified.
Her hair stood on end at the sight of the horrible accident.
She trembled with fear.
She was trembling with fear.
She threw her arms around him in horror.
She was pale with fear.
She went crazy with fear.
She fainted with fear.
She screamed with terror.
Fear fell upon her.
She turned pale with fear.
She looks pale with fear.
She uttered a scream of terror.
She earns her living by teaching.
She adapted her teaching method to slow learners.
She emphasized the importance of education.
She sat beside me in church.
She will be a teacher.
She isn't cut out for teaching.
She looks like a teacher.
She was standing in the front of the classroom.
She went into teaching.
She wants to engage in teaching.
She committed suicide by jumping off the bridge.
Her viewpoint is limited.
He put his hand on his heart.
She felt her heart turn over in her chest.
She read the letter with her heart beating fast.
She heaved her chest.
Aside from fright she was not injured.
She looked excited.
She jumped about in excitement.
She turned over the page with excitement.
She saw herself in the mirror.
She smiled at herself in the mirror.
She was brushing her hair in front of a mirror.
She stopped before the mirror to admire herself.
She stood before the mirror.
She looked at herself in the mirror.
She forgave me for breaking her mirror.
She looked stupefied in amazement.
She was astonishingly beautiful.
She told me the story in confidence.
She's accounted diligent.
She has a well-proportioned figure.
She broke herself of smoking.
She wants to extend the no-smoking area.
She is going to learn how to drive.
She keeps him at arm's length these days.
She has put on weight recently.
She was different from most women in the neighborhood, for she was able to read and write.
She shops at a local grocer.
She fell into conversation with her neighbors.
She attracted all the young men in the neighborhood.
She took a typical example of modern music.
Her lack of money kept her from going with me.
She thinks money and happiness are the same.
She is badly off.
She buys what she wants regardless of the cost.
She had an unnatural desire for money.
She only worked for the sake of money.
She refused to take the money.
She tried to touch the golden crane.
She knows the art of making money.
She liked throwing her money about.
She paid to attend the concert.
She is not rich enough to waste money.
She is rich, but he is twice as rich.
She is rich but he is poor.
Rich as she is, she is not happy.
It is said that she is rich.
She is said to have been rich.
She must have been rich.
She is rich, and what is better, very beautiful.
She is a wealthy woman.
For all her riches, she's not happy.
She seems rich.
She taught rich Indian girls.
She was brought up in a rich family.
She married a rich merchant.
She was married to a rich man.
She married a rich old man.
She screamed and fainted.
She is a blonde girl.
She was a girl with golden hair.
She thinks of nothing but making money.
She is always thinking of moneymaking schemes.
She covers Wall Street.
She drew out the money from the bank.
She intended to withdraw all her savings from the bank.
She continued her job in the bank.
She works in a bank.
She married a bank clerk.
She got on the subway at Ginza.
She is away in Kyushu.
She screamed in agony.
She had no difficulty in learning the poem by heart.
She was racked with pain.
Her hair grayed with suffering.
She must have been sick.
She parked her car in a vacant lot.
She looked up at the sky.
She was hungry enough to eat anything.
She spends a lot of money on shoes.
She laced her shoes.
She had her shoes shined.
She manages a shoe store.
She mended her socks.
She bought two pairs of socks.
She froze at the sight of the bear.
She is not what you think she is.
She is not what you suppose her to be.
She left here long before you arrived.
She is almost as tall as you.
She is as tall as you.
Did she show you the picture?
She has three times as many dictionaries as you do.
She knows your mother very well.
She did so for her own sake, not for your sake.
She will be a good companion for you.
She has anxiety for your safety.
She is anxious about your health.
She is contemptuous of your ambition.
She has not so much patience as you.
She is two years older than you.
Does she know you?
She visited her husband in prison.
She said to her brother, "I will tell on you."
She adores her elder brother.
She works as hard as her siblings.
She absented herself from the lesson.
She majored in economics.
She directed the planning of the project.
She altered her plans.
I think she is withholding information from the police.
She was arrested by the police.
She asked the police for protection.
She inquired directions from the policeman.
She bought chicken.
Overwork caused her to be absent from work for a week.
She cried and cried, but no one came to comfort her.
She was beside herself with rage.
She was fired on the grounds that she was often absent.
She is none the less beautiful for her faults.
I cannot help loving her in spite of her many faults.
She would by no means tell a lie.
She protested to me that she had never done such a thing.
She is by no means stupid.
She is by no means selfish.
She is proud of never having been late for school.
She is never late for school.
She is no stranger to me.
She was by no means happy.
She is far from honest.
She is by no means angelic.
She can never keep a secret.
She is by no means beautiful.
She is no ordinary student.
She is by no means polite.
She was satisfied with the result.
She did not turn up after all.
She didn't telephone after all.
She went back to England in the end.
She didn't buy the ticket after all.
She ended up getting married to him.
She didn't come after all.
She is disposed to get married.
I wonder if she is married.
She will be happy when she gets engaged.
Is she married?
She isn't married.
She went to college after she got married.
Her marriage brought happiness to her parents.
I have half a mind to marry her.
She's not the marrying type.
She is too young to marry.
She is not about to get married.
She refuses to abandon her career for marriage.
She is dependent on her parents even after her marriage.
She was a bridesmaid at the wedding.
She was dressed all in white for the wedding.
She blames me for the fact that our married life isn't going well.
She was a Smith before her marriage.
She was a Brown before her marriage.
She felt faint at the sight of blood.
She fainted when she saw blood.
She turned away in horror at the sight of blood.
She writes to her pen pal in London twice a month.
She writes to me once a month.
She turned off the lights so she could enjoy the moonlight.
She doesn't get paid by the month, but by the day.
She gave birth on Monday to her first child.
She could not help thinking that health is important.
She is really in good health.
She was bursting with health.
She gave birth to a healthy baby.
She moved to a warmer place for the sake of her health.
She worked at the cost of her health.
She quit school for health reasons.
She is concerned with health foods.
She sat on a hard chair.
She married Hiroshi against her will.
She is just started for your house.
She was busy doing her hair.
She banged the table with her fist.
She is much afraid of dogs.
She takes a walk with her dog.
She forgot to feed her dog.
She can drive a car.
She is very much afraid of dogs.
She made a face when she saw a dog.
She will take her dog to the river.
She is afraid of dogs.
She went out with her dog.
She waited on her sick father hand and foot.
She is deep in study.
She is absorbed in her study.
She was not in the mood for serious books.
She was breathing hard.
She gave a shrug of the shoulders.
She quickly put the money out of sight.
She is persistent though she doesn't look so.
She is much cleverer than she looks.
She spoke English to me just to show off.
She came in through the back door lest she be seen.
She's just putting up a front.
She is fond of display.
She is open to people who have a different point of view.
She started talking with a stranger.
She was conscious of being stared at by a stranger.
She was too wise not to understand what you meant.
She is wise and you are no less so.
She had the wisdom to follow the custom.
She put the key in her pocket.
She's getting on all right.
She went on picnic in spirits.
She got on a bus for Harajuku.
She swept the dirt from the porch.
She had left the front door unlocked.
She failed to appear.
She is quite satisfied with her life as it is.
She is in conference now.
She is among the best artists of today.
She pretended illness as an excuse.
She studies literature as well as language.
Words failed her.
She is rough in speech.
She has a strong personality.
She's an individualist.
She had an individual style of speaking.
She turned her old dress into a skirt.
She wanted to replace her old vase with a new one.
She sat on a bench, humming an old melody in a low voice.
She took off her old shoes and put on the new ones.
She is ashamed of her old clothes.
She turned against her old friend.
She left the old newspapers lying in a heap.
She is a woman with a classical education.
She was called away to the party.
She pressed her lips together and willed herself not to cry.
She led a solitary life.
She pushed the door shut.
She tried to open the door, which she found impossible.
She bolted the doors and windows.
She told me a wrong address on purpose.
She broke the window on purpose.
She ached for home.
She was watching the dead leaves falling.
She seems to be living by the lake.
She had not been employed two months when her ability was recognized.
She is five years old.
She will be back at five.
She practices the piano in the afternoon or in the evening.
She was occupied in cooking all afternoon.
She called me in the afternoon.
She has to go shopping in the afternoon.
She got up at seven in the morning.
She was there all morning.
She was there in the morning.
She studied English in the morning.
She says she will call you later.
She added, as an afterthought, that she was going to do some shopping.
She may realize later on what I meant.
She looked behind.
When she said "I missed you" she began to cry.
She dropped lemon juice into her tea.
She broke a vase by mistake.
She took night classes in the science of self-defense.
She was injured in the traffic accident.
She lost her memory in a traffic accident.
She was none the worse for the traffic accident.
She was late because of the heavy traffic.
She ran across her old friend while walking in the park.
She is a chatterbox.
She pressed her lips firmly together.
There was much lipstick on her lips.
She was beside herself with anger after the argument.
She seems to be having a good feed over there.
She's looking the other way.
She likes to eat fresh raw vegetables.
She did so out of curiosity.
She has begun to play tennis not so much out of curiosity as out of vanity.
She was so curious that she opened the box.
She made nothing of her opportunities.
Luckily she won a scholarship.
She seems to have been happy.
She says that she is happy.
She is happy.
I don't think she is happy.
She had a happy childhood.
She must be on cloud nine.
It seems that she's happy.
She had the good fortune to get into the school she wanted to.
She seems to be happy.
There was a happy twinkle in her eyes.
She said that she had been happy.
She became happy.
She is babbling with happiness.
She was dropped from the height of happiness into the depth of misery.
She lives in a large house.
She swam across the wide river.
She is widely known.
She left her room in haste.
She squeezed a lemon for tea.
She ordered a cup of tea.
She bought a tea set.
She decided not to go.
She wanted to go, and her father let her go.
She did not want to go, but her father made her go.
She was in a position to decide where to go.
She took a book at random from the shelf.
She deliberated over whether to go or stay.
She had a choice of going or remaining.
She was asked to go, and she left accordingly.
She decided to go.
She has gone out.
She has gone, I feel like crying.
She has gone, but I still love her.
She is quite decent in conduct.
She is honest in deeds and in words.
She is active.
She went into the woods in search of her lost child.
She was absent from lectures.
She has many friends in Hong Kong.
She was too heavy on the perfume.
She can jump high.
Though she did not wear expensive clothes, she was neatly dressed.
She is wearing a valuable ring.
She is wearing an expensive necklace.
She didn't factor the high cost of repairs into the budget.
She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth.
She is a woman of noble birth.
She has expensive tastes in cars.
She has changed a lot since high school.
She was good at mathematics in high school.
She was shy in her high school days.
"Was she a high school student?" "Yes, she was."
She went to Takasu clinic.
She is a high-liver.
She gave me a haughty look and walked away.
She was dressed in rich silks.
She laid down her life for her country.
She has traveled in foreign parts.
She is going to have an international marriage.
She has international renown as a painter.
She is recognized as the best figure-skater in the country.
She was dressed in black.
She was dressed all in black.
She is very becoming in a black party dress.
She was frightened to see the black cat.
She girded her waist with a belt.
She is wearing a leather belt around her waist.
She bent down.
She sat down and crossed her legs.
She has a great love for antique goods.
She is seeing a Kabuki play now.
She is at work right now.
She is said to be in hospital now.
She is busy preparing supper now.
She is now staying at her uncle's house.
She is rather cross now.
She is in the bloom of youth.
She is having coffee now.
She may be waiting at the station now.
I think she's probably waiting at the station now.
She should have arrived home by now.
She isn't lonely now.
She won't come just yet.
She's hard at it now.
She is now involved in tennis.
She is better off than she was when I met her last.
She's married and settled down now.
She is now an utter stranger to me.
She is now well enough to wash her hair by herself.
Does she still want to take part in the party?
She still alleges innocence.
Where does she live now?
She was on the verge of crying.
She was on verge of fainting.
She is being quiet for the moment.
She is all right at the moment.
She is practicing the violin now.
She is wearing a nice dress now.
She lives in comfort now.
She is in her hotel now.
She has always been at the head of her class.
She looked more beautiful than ever.
She had never seen New York before.
She has as fine a figure as I have ever seen.
She is as beautiful a model as I have ever seen.
She's still active in the front lines.
Now she is out of my reach.
What do you figure she is doing now?
She knows what to do now.
She may not be at home now.
She's not at home now.
She left home just now.
She is forbidden to go out.
She is out now.
She is working hard this semester.
She is now in danger.
She is now in a low frame of mind.
She is coming home at the end of this month.
She is going to have a baby this month.
I'm sure she has got to the village by this time.
She will be in Paris by now.
She is writing a letter now.
She is doing her homework now.
She is now in the prime of womanhood.
She isn't running.
She is now making coffee in the kitchen.
She took a walk with her father this morning.
She will be seventeen years old next February.
She'll be staying at the Royal Hotel next Tuesday.
I'm sure that she'll make good in the new job.
She will return home next Sunday, that is, the tenth.
She leaves for New York next Sunday.
She asked me if I would be free next Sunday.
She fell into a trap in her turn.
She brought his lunch today.
She did two washes today.
Is she any better today?
Will she be able to finish it today?
She is going to wash the bike this afternoon.
She is heaps better today.
She feels bad today.
She appears well today.
She is wearing a white dress today.
She put up the new curtains today.
I have an idea she will come today.
She is in hospital now.
Is she going to go to America this year?
She will have been married for six years on June 10th of this year.
She is appearing on TV tonight.
She is busy at present and can't speak to you.
She is leaving for America tonight.
She may not come to the party tonight.
She has to change clothes before tonight's party.
She is giving a party tonight.
She is off duty tonight.
She is well off now.
She seems to be in trouble. Tell her what to do.
She could always call her parents when she was in a crunch.
She asked me for help when she was in trouble.
She was always ready to help people in trouble.
She was always willing to help people in trouble.
She's die-hard coffee drinker.
She has an innate love of adventure.
She writes with her left hand.
A blister rose on one of her left fingers.
She wore a diamond ring on her left third finger.
She got her left hand burned.
She refused to drink a cup of coffee with a lot of sugar.
She mistook the sugar for salt.
She is guilty of fraud.
She sat gazing out of the window.
She sat and smoked.
She is accustomed to sitting.
She showed them how to fasten their seat belts.
She made up her mind to try again.
She is afraid of falling ill again.
She went to apply for a replacement.
Her health seems to have improved considerably of late.
She knows much about recent fashions.
She tries to keep abreast of the latest fashions.
She is singing the latest popular songs.
She was tying one on far too often lately.
She has recently made remarkable progress in English.
She's been feeling a little on edge recently.
She came last.
No doubt she will win in the end.
She ended up a movie star.
She relied on the medicine as a last resort.
She is thinking of suing as a last resort.
She endured to the bitter end.
She likes nothing but the best.
She seems to be nervous about her first class.
She had a daughter by her first husband.
She didn't like the horse at first.
She tried to keep abreast of the latest fashions.
She is as clever as she is beautiful.
She is far from being richly gifted.
She displayed her talents.
She is a gifted artist.
She was looking at the fine snow falling on the lake.
She can sew very well.
She committed a crime.
She protested that she had not committed the crime.
She was unhappy for all her wealth.
She was none the happier for her great wealth.
For all her wealth, she does not look happy.
She kept a tight rein on the purse strings.
She was robbed of her purse.
She earns a living as a writer.
She is excellent in composition.
She set out on a trip last week.
She had nothing to do yesterday.
Did she write in her diary yesterday?
She gave him the elbow yesterday.
She went to the hospital yesterday.
She celebrated her fifteenth birthday yesterday.
She visited at her aunt's yesterday.
She has been busy since yesterday.
She killed herself yesterday.
She went there yesterday.
She had a blue dress on at the party yesterday.
She didn't show up at the party yesterday.
She died yesterday afternoon.
She did not show up at the party yesterday.
She is far better today than yesterday.
She left for London yesterday.
She played tennis all day yesterday.
She practiced her English pronunciation yesterday.
She came to see us yesterday.
She started for Kyoto yesterday.
She must have finished the work yesterday.
She was slightly better yesterday.
She got a new CD player yesterday.
She left for Osaka yesterday.
She didn't visit anybody.
She seems to have left for Tokyo yesterday.
She left Tokyo for New York yesterday.
She didn't go shopping yesterday, did she?
She said she was sick yesterday, which was not true.
She had her hat blown off yesterday.
She bought some vegetables yesterday.
She entered this school last year.
She learned to ride a bicycle last year.
She traveled around the world last year.
She was born last year.
She had one misfortune after another last year.
She left the stage last year.
She seems to have slept badly last night.
She cooked us Chinese dishes last night.
She called me up very late last night.
She cooked vegetable soup last night.
She was robbed of her jewels last night.
She caught a cold last night.
She called me at an unearthly hour last night.
She passed away peacefully last night.
She tried to kill herself last night.
She sat up late last night.
She should have arrived late last night.
The story goes that she was murdered.
She ran for her life to get away from the killer.
She should be charged with murder.
She glanced through the magazine.
It took her more than three months to read through the magazine.
She is willing to do odd jobs.
She took some meat from the plate.
She washed the dishes and she dried them.
She didn't want to wash the dishes, but she made the best of it.
She employed herself in washing the dishes.
She is 35 years old and in the prime of life.
She is devoted to her three children.
She left home after three days.
She originated a new way of playing jazz on the shamisen.
She may have left her umbrella on the bus.
She has left her umbrella behind.
She shut an umbrella and began to run.
She was condemned to lead a miserable life.
She was in the mood for a walk.
She went out for a walk.
Go out of the room at once.
She died for lack of air.
She was eased of her duties.
It seems that she is not pleased with the job.
She felt a sigh of relief when the work was done.
She left the office immediately after work.
She is very exact in her job.
She's busy with her work.
She said that her job gave her a sense of identity.
She lost interest in her work.
She's at work, isn't she?
She's hard at it.
She shows a very positive attitude to her work.
She was engrossed in her work.
She was absorbed in her work.
Asked about her job, she said, "My job is too complicated to sum up in a word."
She said no more work.
She felt a sigh of relief when she got the work done.
She decided to resign her job.
They say that she quit her job.
Having done the work, she has nothing to do.
She proceeded with the work.
She went on with the work.
She takes great pleasure in her work.
She eats sliced raw fish.
She left home early in the morning for fear that she would miss the first train.
She was filled with grief at the news of her sister's death.
She wears the same kinds of clothes as her sister.
She is no less beautiful than her sister.
She is different from her sister in every way.
She is no less beautiful than her older sister.
She is no less charming than her older sister.
She is no less beautiful than her sister is.
She is no less charming than her sister.
She put on her sister's jeans and looked in the mirror.
She seems short beside her sister.
She doesn't study as hard as her sister.
She's not as beautiful as her sister.
She is less beautiful than her sister is.
She did not turn up.
She disappeared into thin air.
She refused to let her child go out in the rain.
She tried to break her child of the habit of lying.
She is dealing out two apples to each child.
She shut the child in his room until he stopped crying.
She was very embarrassed when her child behaved badly in public.
She braked hard when she saw a child run out into the road.
She chided her child for cutting in.
She didn't let her children go out in the rain.
She watched the children going back to school.
She sent her children off to school.
She watched the children swimming in the pool.
She called, "Children, come downstairs."
She told the children an interesting story.
She told her children to put away their toys.
She made cookies for the children.
She was very ambitious for her children.
She got the children ready for a walk.
She made the children clean up their own rooms.
She yelled at the children to be quiet.
She called her children into the room.
She read an amusing story to the children.
She spoke to the children in a gentle voice.
She always pays attention to her children's behavior.
She felt insecure about her children's future.
The behavior of her children in public dismayed her.
She looked after the children.
She participated in the children's games.
She gathered her children about her.
She took pains in educating the children.
She loved her children alike.
Child as she was, she was not afraid.
Child as she was, she was brave.
Child as she is, she can act wisely.
She bought a nice toy for her child.
She bought a toy for her child.
She had an itch to see her child.
She cannot control her children.
She told the child to eat up the food.
She is devoted to her children.
She devoted herself to her children.
She cherishes the precious memories of her childhood.
She seems to have been in poor health in her childhood.
She gave up everything for her children.
She was, as many of us were, very shy in her childhood.
She can't stand being treated like a child.
She is as simple as a child.
She has a wonderful hand with children.
She is good with kids.
She knows well how to deal with children.
She is careful about her child's nutrition.
You will never know what she went through to educate her children.
She was anxious about her children's health.
She was ashamed of her children's behavior.
She is busy with the care of her children.
She quit her job to look after her child.
She liked to take care of the children.
She has given birth to five children.
She coaxed a smile from the baby.
She set a child in the chair.
She left her children in her aunt's care.
She committed her child to her aunt's care.
She laid the child down gently.
She bribed her child to take the bitter medicine.
She's good at handling children.
She took great pains to raise her children.
She took pains to educate her children.
She put the children to bed.
She allowed her child to be drowned.
She brought up her children to be truthful.
She found it necessary to accustom her child to getting up early.
She looked back on her childhood.
She is gentle with children.
She sat surrounded by her children.
She warned the children against playing in the street.
She read the children an amusing story.
She worked hard on account of her children.
She was standing among children.
She loves her children.
She called the kitten "Jaguar".
She succeeded in getting herself elected as mayor.
She is not scared of taking big risks.
Does she dare to go into the forest?
She dared to call on him.
She said she was going to have her own way.
She told her boss what she had in mind.
She drummed her fingers on the table.
She pared down her expenditures.
She complained to the manager about the service.
She demanded to see the manager.
She works as an assistant to the manager.
She refused to accept charity.
She cried for hours without ceasing.
She had her first love in her memory until she died.
She continued writing in her diary until she died.
She shuddered to see the dead cat.
She has a claim on her deceased husband's estate.
She cherished the memory of her dead husband.
She was scared at the sight of the dead body.
She runs faster than I do.
She lost her temper with me when I broke the cup.
She accused me of stealing her money.
She looks better today than when I her saw last.
She died before I arrived there.
She made a point of my attending the party.
She took my hint and smiled.
She cheered me up when I was feeling blue.
She bled me of all my money.
She was leaving and was walking slowly from me.
She defrauded me of my property.
She screamed that I was to blame.
She insisted on my seeing the doctor.
She was glad of my company.
She helped me pack my suitcase.
She may have called me up while I was out.
She insisted that I should pay the bill.
She pretended not to hear me.
She got angry about my talk.
She came three minutes after I called.
She sang a song, the title of which I did not know.
She troubled herself to take me to the house I was looking for.
She went on at me for coming home late.
She saw me enter the store.
She pointed out the mistakes I had made.
She demanded that I should help him.
She got it into her head that I was bad-mouthing her.
She is only hard on me.
She might know that we are here.
She suggested that we should start earlier.
She insisted on us going.
She was a girl of about our age.
She told us not to make a noise.
She gave us a vague answer.
She asked several question of us.
She has done us many kindnesses.
She cooked us a delicious dinner.
She told us an interesting story.
She showed us a beautiful hat.
She made coffee for all of us.
She went away without so much as saying good-bye to us.
She has been a wonderful role model for us.
She is very kind to us.
She gave us a present.
She served us a good meal.
She fixed us a snack.
She gave us some food.
I think she is showing off her new dress to us.
She sang a Japanese song for us.
She entertained us with an interesting episode.
She cooked vegetable soup for us.
She gave us some useful information.
She asked us if we would like to cook.
She threatened to set our house on fire.
She didn't take part in our conversation.
She accepted our invitation.
She turned up her nose at our offer.
She will take care of everything for us.
She is playing an important role in our organization.
She turned down our proposal.
She steered our efforts in the right direction.
She lives next door to us.
She made a beautiful dinner for all of us.
She danced with a grace that surprised us all.
She threw a glance at us.
She asked us to dinner.
She took us all in with her smile.
She treated each of us to an ice cream.
She didn't appear to recognize me.
She shared her piece of cake with me.
She didn't exactly agree with me.
She has a view that is different from mine.
She lost her temper with me.
She refused to go with me.
She speaks English as well as I.
She is as young as I am.
She has as many stamps as I.
She is as tall as I.
She came across to speak to me.
She asked me to wake her at six.
She whispered to me that she was hungry.
She asked me to write a letter to a friend of hers in Germany.
She asked me where I was going.
She told me that I could use her room.
She asked me who I thought would win the tournament.
They insisted on my getting the work done by tomorrow.
She did not so much as say "Good morning" to me.
She said to me "Let's go shopping."
She greeted me with "Good morning."
She told me not to go there alone.
She handed me a sheet of paper.
She told me that she would go to Paris in August.
She showed me her album.
She bought an album for me.
She wants me to go with her.
She may have told me a lie.
She cannot have told a lie to me.
She told me not to tell lies.
She wished me good night.
She went out without even asking me to have a seat.
She poured me a cup of tea.
She brought a cup of tea to me.
She made tea for me.
She gave me a pretty doll.
She explained to me how to make a cake.
She made me a cake.
She served me coffee.
She gave me these old coins.
She bade me good-by.
She wrote to me to come at once.
She found a nice tie for me.
She gave me a charming smile.
She didn't pay me the money.
She was so kind as to inform me of it.
She fitted me out with the money.
She explained the matter to me.
She wouldn't allow me to read the letter.
She introduced the lady to me.
She cheated me into accepting the story.
She said good-by to me for good.
She gave me plenty to eat.
She took my umbrella without so much as asking me.
Not a word did she say to me.
She asked me where to go.
She is very dear to me.
She is all in all to me.
She is most kind to me.
She is very annoyed with me.
She showed me which dress to wear.
She used to address me as Tom.
She asked me if I knew Tom's address.
She appears to me to be cruel.
She is a kind of mother to me.
She accompanied me on the piano.
She plainly interpreted Picasso's paintings to me.
She seems to have a surprise in store for me.
She was very short with me.
She found me a good seat.
She picked me an apple.
She showered abuse on me.
She admonished me that I should consult a doctor.
She insisted that I should see the doctor.
She told me how to swim.
She taught me how to swim.
She showed me a letter written in English.
She asked me to meet her at the station.
She asked me to pass her the salt.
She asked me how many languages I spoke.
She told me where to go.
She telephoned to invite me to her house.
She came to see me.
She came all the way from New York to see me.
She came here to see me.
She has forgotten seeing me before.
She refused to notice me.
She suggested to me that I call off the meeting.
She passed by without seeing me.
She asked me whether I was perhaps not feeling very well.
She cooked some fish for me.
She remarked that I should quit smoking.
She came near to me.
She doesn't speak to me.
She answered me back.
She gave me a shy smile.
She treated me to a cup of tea.
She asked me to help her with the work.
She sent me an urgent telegram.
She taught me how to write a poem.
A watch was given to me by her.
She inspired me with confidence.
She showed her album to me.
She informed me of her decision.
She gave me permission to use her dictionary.
She asked me a question.
She gave me some practical advice.
She waved her hand to me.
She sent me a letter.
She asked me to help her with her assignment.
She informed me of her departure.
She appealed to me for help.
She got me a tiny toy.
She spoke to me in a whisper.
She provided me with some food.
She insisted on my paying the bill for the dinner.
She was kind to me.
She gave me a doll.
She advises me on technical matters.
She gave me a nice pair of shoes.
She gave me a wonderful present.
She made me a nice dress.
She asked me to open the window.
She told me to open the window.
She bestowed a gift on me.
She is very bitter toward me.
She is hostile to me.
Her behaviour toward me was a departure from the norm.
She took back the coat she lent me.
She asked me if I was all right.
She asked me whether I was all right.
She asked me who had arrived first.
She gave me a watch for a birthday present.
She walked away without acknowledging me.
She left me a note.
She made a polite bow to me.
She bowed to me politely.
She wrote me a long letter.
She asked me for an unreasonable sum of money.
She was kind enough to show me the way.
It is kind of her to show me the way.
She turned her back to me.
She showed me his album.
She asked me if I knew his address.
She told me her secret.
She gave me a stiff smile.
She bade farewell to me.
She said good-bye to me and went through the ticket gate.
She did not keep her promise to write to me.
She asked me about my mother.
She is like a mother to me.
She told me an interesting story.
She told me such stories as were useful.
She wanted me to come.
She promised me to come.
She gave me a piece of good advice.
She is cold to me.
She knows ten times as many English words as I do.
She has twice as many CDs as I do.
She is only critical of me.
She rooms at my aunt's.
She was told to accompany me.
She was tempted to come with me.
She is my classmate.
She applied a bandage to my hurt finger.
She pulled my shirt.
She's my type.
She worked on my account.
She did all she could on my account.
She sat next to me.
She wears the same watch as mine.
She gave a pluck at my elbow.
She kissed me on the cheek and said goodnight.
She gave me a peck on the cheek.
She always finds fault with the way I do things.
She is the only friend I have.
She turned down my request.
She is the woman of my desires.
She didn't quite understand my English.
She did not come even as far as my house.
She lived next door to us.
She gets up the earliest in my family.
She asked about my school.
She slapped me on the chin.
She accused me of making a mistake.
She couldn't look me straight in the face.
She began to cry at the sight of my face.
She gives me a nasty look every time she sees me.
My memory of her has begun to recede.
She had begun to recede in my memory.
She complained to me of my small salary.
She gave my shoes a quick brush.
She seems to be in love with my brother.
She took my brother for me.
She has a strong objection to my plan.
She approved of my plan.
She ignored all my warnings.
She took care of my dog.
She patted me on the shoulder.
I'm afraid she won't accept my explanation.
She took offence at my word.
She took my words as a joke.
She acknowledged that my statement was true.
She seems to have taken my remark as an insult.
She insisted that it was my fault.
She pointed out my mistake.
She isn't to my taste.
She appeals to me.
She gave me a necktie which was completely to my liking.
She cooks chicken the way I like.
She cooks things for me that I like.
She is envious of my good fortune.
She agreed to my idea.
She is a friend of my wife's.
She is my elder sister.
She is not my sister but my mother.
She is not as old as my sister is.
As soon as she saw me, she began to weep.
She cared for my children very kindly.
She works by far the hardest of anyone in my office.
She nodded in response to my question.
She avoided answering my questions.
She held on to my hand tightly.
She clasped my hands and said she was glad to see me.
She took my hand.
She took hold of my hand and held it tightly.
She answered my letter soon.
She gave no answer to my letter.
She was displeased at my letter.
She may have been surprised when she received my letter.
She is seeking my advice.
She refused my invitation.
She took my joke seriously.
She turned down my proposal.
She allowed that my offer was reasonable.
She gave a flat refusal to my offer.
She rejected my proposal.
She turned down my offer.
She is a good friend of mine.
She is envious of my success.
She congratulated me on my success.
She made believe that she had not heard me.
I found a true friend in her.
She will get along with my grandmother.
She was much delighted at my gift.
She was not in the least pleased with my present.
She came up to me and asked my name.
She apologized to me for stepping on my foot.
She reproached me for being lazy.
She will attend the meeting instead of me.
She gave me something very nice for my birthday.
She seldom pays regard to my advice.
She is deaf to my advice.
She did not take kindly to my advice.
She continued to see him in disregard of my advice.
I thought she was my special friend.
She has no illusion about my ability.
She gave my elbow a little jog.
She promised me to clean my room.
She is not my mother but my oldest sister.
She asked after my mother.
She gave me whatever help I needed.
She played a trick on my sister.
She took advantage of my ignorance.
She appeared to have forgotten my name.
She means more than my life to me.
She looked me in the eye.
She is a friend of mine.
She didn't feel comfortable with my friend.
I'm afraid she will turn down my request.
She doesn't like the way I speak.
She held my arm firmly.
She threw herself into my arms.
She pinched my arm sharply.
She gripped my arm tightly.
She caught me by the arm.
She caught me by the arm and stopped me from going home.
She is senior to me by two years.
She is five years junior to me.
She is senior to me by six years.
She is much taller than I.
She loves Tom more than she does me.
She is three years older than I am.
She played the heroine better than I.
She can swim further than I can.
She is senior to me by three years.
She has an advantage over me.
She left me standing there for two hours.
She accused me of being a liar.
She introduced me to her brother.
She scolds Terry as often as me.
She stared at me.
She made me a star.
She beguiled me of my money.
She took me for Mr Tamori.
She did not so much as cast glance at me.
She gave a glance at me.
She invited me to the ballet.
She treats me as if I were a baby.
She looks down on me for not having a sense of humor.
She supposed me to be a doctor.
She invited me to her home.
She made me hurry.
She took me for my brother.
She has scorn for me.
She looked at me.
The moment she saw me, she began laughing.
No sooner had she caught sight of me than she started running in my direction.
She burst out laughing when she saw me.
She did not so much as smile at me.
She looked at me and smiled.
She did not so much as look at me.
She bowed to me with courtesy when she saw me.
She had no sooner seen me than she ran away.
She waved her hand at the sight of me.
The moment she saw me, she burst into tears.
She came to the station to see me off.
She makes me happy.
She broke the vase on purpose to bother me.
She insisted on helping me.
I hope that she will help me.
She invited me to dinner.
She gave me such a sincere welcome that I was at home with her immediately.
She helped me morally.
She knows me.
She kept me waiting for a long time.
She called me a fool and what not.
She avoids me.
She charged me with dishonesty.
She beckoned me into the room.
She gave me a strange look.
She mistook me for my sister.
She asked me to come to her bedside.
She charged me with being irresponsible.
She gave me an icy look.
She showed me around the campus.
She is one of the girls we invited to the party.
She asked us to leave her alone.
She told us the road was closed.
She taught us singing.
She waved her hand to us.
She revealed her secret to us.
She bears malice toward our group.
She provided a good dinner for us.
She lived up to our expectations.
She attracted our attention.
She makes a point of remembering each one of our birthdays.
She sews with a needle and thread.
She ran out of paper.
She turned her eyes away.
She was fond of poetry and music.
She is very fond of writing poems.
She was absorbed in writing a poem.
She is not a poet but a novelist.
She left out the fourth question on the examination.
She passed first in the exam.
She was happy that she passed the exam.
She exerted herself to pass the examination.
She made great efforts to pass the examination.
She is positive of passing the test.
She failed the test with reason.
She regrets that she failed the examination.
She studied hard lest she should fail her exam.
She studied hard lest she should fail in the exam.
She was fortunate to pass the exam.
She's worrying about her exams.
Did she mention the results of the exam?
She seemed to be satisfied with the result of the exam.
She is busy preparing for an examination.
She is busy preparing for the examination.
She passed the examination.
She couldn't study abroad for lack of money.
She had her tooth pulled.
She practices as a dentist.
She has a set of irregular teeth.
She seems to have known the truth of the matter.
She likes to play the koto very much.
She blacked out on seeing the scene of the accident.
She was unconscious for a whole day after the accident.
She broke down when she heard about the accident.
She doesn't drive for fear of an accident.
Her argument was founded on fact.
She tried to conceal the fact.
She was merely stating a fact.
She came to know the fact.
She used the car to go to the office.
She majors in child psychology.
She writes a very good hand.
She has very neat handwriting.
She has good handwriting.
She gave clothes to the gypsies out of charity.
She led a group of nuns called the Missionaries of Charity.
She begged for mercy.
She is merciful.
She left home bag and baggage.
She is never on time.
She seemed pressed for time and often glanced at the clock on the wall.
She is economical of her time.
She doesn't like people who aren't punctual.
She gave all her time to the study.
She bowed out of the race before it was too late.
She advanced the hand ten minutes.
She advanced the hands on the clock.
She advanced her watch ten minutes.
She took a casual glance at her watch.
Staring at her watch, she said: "It's already four o'clock."
She looked at her watch and noted that it was past five.
She sometimes takes a walk in the park.
She writes to her son every now and then.
She sometimes has her mother cut her hair.
She cursed the times.
She was at a loss what to say next.
She got off at the next station.
She will visit her mother next Tuesday.
She received a large advance for her next novel.
She said she would be twenty years old the following year.
She has waded into one controversy after another.
She bought articles of clothing one after another.
She is getting used to this rural life by degrees.
She gradually began to understand.
She is handicapped by poor hearing.
She plays the piano by ear.
She tried again to fix the earring into her ear.
She wears rings on her ears.
She colored up to her temples.
She goes to a school for the deaf.
She took her own life.
She will have to earn her own living.
She adhered strongly to her belief.
She attempted to kill herself.
She tried to commit suicide.
She attempted suicide.
She was on the border of killing herself.
I found her in tears in her room.
She looked around.
She expressed her feelings for nature in a poem.
She hurt her foot when she fell off her bicycle.
She made an attempt to ride a bicycle.
She cannot ride a motorcycle, not to mention a bicycle.
She can't ride a bicycle.
She got on her bike and rode away.
Can she ride a bicycle?
She can ride a motorcycle, not to mention a bicycle.
She has an automatic washing machine.
She is old enough to hold a driver's license.
She has large interests in the car industry.
She lost her son in a car accident.
She was killed in an automobile accident.
She volunteered to do the job.
She did the dishes of her own accord.
She thought of herself as charming enough.
She reflected on what she had done.
She said she was a pianist, but that was a lie.
She doesn't admit that she is in the wrong.
She doesn't admit that she is wrong.
She parades her wealth.
She was embarrassed at what she had said.
She admitted that she was wrong.
It aggrieved her much that she could not go.
She persists in saying that she is right.
She asserted that she was right.
She is capable of handling the circumstances.
She flatters herself by thinking that she is beautiful.
She saw there what he had dreamed about.
She shouted that she was safe.
She tried it herself.
She had to go herself.
She need not go there herself.
She had to alter her dress by herself.
She wore a sweater that she'd knitted herself.
She would rather listen to others than talk herself.
She had never been so proud of herself.
She is her own worst enemy.
She brooded over the bullying done to her.
She gave him a handle against her.
She loves the color of her T-shirt.
She has been investing her energy in helping the poor in that area.
She accused him of stealing her money.
She had forgotten her umbrella so I lent her mine.
She seems to be fond of talking about herself.
She is ashamed of what she's done.
She learned her part very quickly.
She cooked herself a good meal.
She entered her terrier in a dog show.
She filled her bag with apples.
She cheered for her favorite horse.
She put sheets on her bed.
She drew the chair towards her.
She persisted in her opinion.
She is backward in expressing her opinion.
She put down her thoughts on paper.
She didn't marry him of her own will.
She gave up her plans against her will.
She prides herself on her driving skill.
She was ready to face her fate.
She had to accept her fate.
She is afraid of her own shadow.
She had her English composition checked by an Englishman.
She was apprehensive about receiving criticism of her performance.
She talked about her family.
She talked on and on about her family problems.
She earns a living by selling her paintings.
She is looking for a job where she can make use of her foreign language ability.
She looked for her bag here and there.
She tried to hide her feelings.
She can't control her emotions.
She tried to hide her mistake from us.
She gave a narrative of her strange experience.
She was at a loss for words to express her feeling.
She endeavored to do her duty.
She unburdened herself of her terrible secret.
She is modest about her achievement.
She magnified her sufferings.
She tried to lessen her expenses.
She insisted on her innocence.
She was still clinging to the hope that her dog would be found alive.
She didn't mean to offend anyone with her remark.
She had to choose her words carefully.
She knows her limitations.
She altered her old clothes to make them look more fashionable.
She explained her idea by means of pictures.
She felt no shame at having said what she did.
She took full responsibility for her actions.
She was asked to account for her conduct.
She takes pride in her high school.
She prides herself on her talent.
She is unconscious of her sin.
She put a red ribbon on her umbrella as a mark.
She shows no zeal for her work.
She has a thorough grasp of her work.
She cares a lot about her personal appearance.
She lets her children have their own way too much.
She is proud of her children.
She abandoned her children.
She was very strict with her children.
She looked her child in the face.
She had not let go of her son.
She saved her children from drowning.
She thinks of herself as an intelligent person.
She thought that our watches were the same.
She attributed her failure to her illness.
She felt something go wrong with her car.
She is looking for her car keys.
She boasts of her car.
She made her point.
She made a fuss about her benefits.
She felt insecure about her future.
She felt uneasy at the thought of her future.
She sat for her portrait.
She seems to devote all her effects to her career.
She was pleased with her new dress.
She gave away all her dolls.
She expressed satisfaction with her life.
She attributed her success to good luck.
She informed her parents of her success.
She was content with her life.
She brought up her child at the cost of her life.
She is proud of her students.
She tried to put energy into her voice.
She takes great pride in her stamp collection.
She had a reputation for being well informed about her subjects.
She is proud of her sons.
She is proud of her son.
She takes pride in her son.
She prides herself on her son.
She prides herself on her many accomplishments.
She is looking forward to her birthday party.
She is particular about her dress.
She is firmly determined to own a store of her own.
She gave them the benefit of her insight.
She seems to devote all her efforts to her career.
She was reluctant to reveal her secret.
She is blind to her own beauty.
She is not aware of her beauty.
She boasts of her beauty.
She boasts about her beauty.
She has faith in her beauty.
She sighed over her unhappy fate.
She was ashamed of herself for her carelessness.
She published the book at her own expense.
No sooner had she entered her room than she began to cry.
She shut herself up in her room.
She looked about in her room.
She decorated her room with roses.
She put her room in order.
She decorated her room with bright color.
She can make all her own clothes.
She gave away all her dresses.
She used silk thread in sewing her dress.
She persists in saying that her analysis is correct.
She told me that his mother was a doctor.
She acknowledged his help in her book.
She took her book.
She takes pride in her daughter.
She took offense at her daughter's behavior.
She is proud of her daughter.
She is very proud of her daughter.
She went over the list to see if her name was there.
She cannot so much as write her own name.
She repeated her name slowly.
She saved her baby's life at the risk of losing her own.
She had no illusions about her looks.
She takes great pride in her appearance.
She is sensitive about her looks.
She takes pride in her looks.
She can make her own dresses.
She went out on a limb defending him, and now she has lost her job.
Is she sure about her travel plans?
She was fond of talking about herself.
She slipped her arm into his.
She declared that she was not guilty.
She cried that she was innocent.
She achieved great success in her business.
She tried hard to express herself well.
She expressed her gratitude to all those who had supported her.
She accused her husband of having been disloyal to her.
She could not state her own opinion.
She felt herself torn apart.
She tends to underestimate her own ability.
She makes all her own clothes.
She has too much chat about her.
She was fully guaranteed her liberty.
She was set on quitting.
She got to the station at seven.
She has as many as seven children.
There is good reason for her to get scolded.
It seemed as if she was going to faint.
She is apt to fail.
She could not sleep at the thought of her failure.
She attributed her failure to illness.
She failed and felt humiliated.
She ascribed her failure to bad luck.
She cloaked her disappointment with a smile.
She scowled at the rude salesman.
She was green with jealousy.
She is torn by jealousy.
She was burning with jealousy.
She burned with jealousy.
As she wanted to ask a question, she raised her hand.
She couldn't answer the question.
She can ask and answer questions.
She put up her hand to ask a question.
She's a really nice girl.
She is really a good singer.
She does talk a lot.
In fact, she's quite unreliable.
She got kicked upstairs to an executive position.
What did she actually say?
She doesn't actually live in Deal.
She takes a bad picture.
I wonder where she had her photograph taken.
She's fond of taking pictures.
She has a picture.
She is very photogenic.
She attended the lecture on social welfare.
You ought to have apologized to her.
She said that by way of apology.
She stayed at home as she didn't have a car.
She got out of the car.
She comes to school in her car.
She arrived in a car.
She cannot do without her car.
She was almost knocked down by a car.
She was run over by the car.
She's lost her car key.
She doesn't know how to drive a car.
She is learning how to drive a car.
She may have left her car key in her room.
She left her gloves in the car.
She backed her car into the garage.
Although she wants to buy a vehicle, there is no margin to buy.
She drew back when she saw a snake.
She isn't afraid of snakes.
Young as she was, she was equal to the work.
She showed me the poems that she had written in her youth.
She seems to have been a beauty in her day.
She seems to have been happy when she was young.
She lived in the suburbs of Tokyo when she was young.
She was beautiful in her time.
She may have been beautiful when young.
She must've been beautiful when she was young.
It seems that she was a beauty in her day.
When young, she was very popular.
When she was young, she was very beautiful.
She must have been a beauty when she was young.
She was very beautiful when she was young.
She is proud of having been beautiful in her youth.
She must have been very beautiful when she was young.
She must have been a pretty girl when she was young.
When she was young, she preferred coffee to Japanese tea.
She was a beauty in her day.
She would often take a trip when she was young.
She is now better off than when she was young.
When she was young, she would never eat anything fattening.
She is proud of having been beautiful.
She married young.
She is a very intelligent young lady.
She's not young, is she?
She looks young.
She looks young. But actually, she's over forty.
She got the job by virtue of her youth and enthusiasm.
She keeps her youth very well.
She really keeps her youthfulness.
She looks young, but as a matter of fact she is older than you are.
She looked lonely.
She looks lonesome.
She spoke in a weak voice.
She said to her husband: "Stop!".
She applied to the chief for a vacation.
She laid her ideas before her chief.
She gained 500 dollars in the deal.
She watched the harvest gathered and the apples picked.
She used her hand to screen the sunlight from her eyes.
She always keeps a stick in her hand.
She has something in her hand.
She has flowers in her hand.
She had a little round object in her hand.
She bit off more than she could chew and was laughed at.
She has long arms and legs.
She held out her hand.
She raised her hand.
She reached out for my arm.
She waved good-bye to me.
She designated their table with a wave of the hand.
She greeted him waving her hand.
She smiled, waving her hand.
She took two pieces of baggage with her.
She didn't take much baggage with her.
She took a lot of baggage with her.
She added in her letter that she would write again soon.
She reproached me for not answering the letter.
She tore the letter into pieces.
She finished writing a letter.
She tore up the letter.
She sent the letter by airmail.
She is engaged in writing letters.
She seems to know the art of writing letters.
She forgot to mail the letter.
She wept reading the letter.
She finished reading the letter.
After she had read the letter, she tore it to pieces.
She listened to her CDs at random.
She gave her oath that she would not drink.
She abstains from drinking.
She has a scarf around her neck.
She doesn't care for sushi.
She went on talking to her friend even after the class began.
She applied what she had learned in class to the experiment.
She absented herself from class.
Her large income enables her to go to Paris every year.
She spends a major part of her income on food.
She tried to make both ends meet.
She looked around, but she couldn't see anything.
She can't make up her mind whether to get a job or to go on to college.
She was interviewed for jobs.
She passed away peacefully in her sleep.
The moment she'd finished, she lay down for a nap.
She lived all her life in that town.
She goes to aerobics once a week.
She went to the market once a week.
She goes to the hospital once a week.
She goes to the bookstore once a week.
She writes to her parents once a week.
She plays tennis with her friends once a week.
She takes cooking lessons once a week.
She earns on average ten pounds a week.
She was wearing an ugly dress.
She turned off all the lights at ten.
She has grieved over his loss for nearly ten years.
She is well able to read.
She was kind enough.
She spoke in soft tones.
She is flexible in her opinions.
She had her heavy suitcase carried by the porter.
She's suffering from a serious disease.
She became very ill.
She showed her regret over the serious mistake.
She's guilty of a grave blunder.
It is said that she is seriously ill.
She shot a gun.
She came to live with her aunt.
She went to Paris for the purpose of seeing her aunt.
She finished her homework in an hour.
She has done her homework.
She was busy doing her homework.
She ought to have finished her homework.
She is a lady, and ought to be treated as such.
She is a lady among ladies.
She must have gone out.
She stayed at home all day instead of going out.
She gave a look as much as to say, "Get out".
She denied having been asked to go on a business trip.
When she appeared in court, she was wearing a sort of crown.
She is about to leave.
She has been with a publishing company for two years.
She will carry out her plan, regardless of expense.
She studied English as hard as she could.
She has an abundant supply of seeds to plant in the spring.
She has a bias toward Japanese literature.
She was discouraged from publishing her first novel.
She was quite nervous about her first flight.
She went to Paris for the first time.
She acted in a play for the first time.
She is sensitive to the heat.
She is attached to the general affairs section.
She signed over the money to her daughter.
She cannot write or read.
She had a book stolen from the library.
She's writing something in her study.
She confined herself to her study and wept to her heart's content.
She shouted for help, but no one came.
She screamed for help.
She is in need of help.
She is brave for a girl.
She goes to a girls' high school.
She passed the entrance examination to the girl's high school.
She is a strenuous supporter of women's rights.
She advocated equal rights for women.
She was an actress and was treated as such.
Besides being an actress, she was a famous painter.
She is not so much an actress as a singer.
She is famous as an actress.
She became an actress.
She aimed to become an actress.
She was dressed after the fashion of an actress.
She is getting better by slow degrees.
She slowly developed hatred toward me.
She applied a bandage to the wound.
She is employed in a trading company.
She guided her business to success.
She is diligent and smart enough to win a scholarship.
She was able to go to college thanks to the scholarship.
She will be a famous artist in the future.
She will be famous in the future.
She is like a hen with one chicken.
She spoke in a small voice.
She gave a small cry of alarm and fled to the bathroom.
She has a small black dog.
She was living alone in a hut.
She had only a small sum of money.
She hummed her child to sleep.
She sent me the enclosed check.
She writes essays in addition to novels and poetry.
She strode over the brook.
She will often sit there feeding birds.
She watched the bird carefully.
She bought flour and oil in quantity.
She behaved as if she were a little girl to his sons.
She couldn't help but be a little vague.
She might look more attractive with a little make-up.
She had a little money.
She has little knowledge of science.
She stayed there for a moment.
She wasn't a bit impatient.
She has nothing snobbish about her.
She is not in the least surprised.
She's by no means lacking in consideration. She's just shy.
She is being rather difficult.
She ought to take a little rest.
She said that she was a little tired.
She spoke with a suggestion of sarcasm in her voice.
She gave what few coins she had to the beggar.
She lost what little money she had.
She was used to living on a small income.
She gave the boy what few coins she had in her purse.
She is not less than thirty.
I think she's over 40 years old.
She looks at least sixty.
She goes to the beauty salon at least once a week.
She was eyeing the girl's beautiful ring.
She forgave the boy for his rudeness.
She had the boys paint the house.
She stood among the boys.
She made a man of a boy.
She lay down on the floor and started reading.
She fell in a heap to the floor.
She hung between refusing or accepting the invitation.
She put in for a raise.
Her laugh was a lie that concealed her sorrow.
She couldn't help bursting into laughter.
She could not keep back a smile.
She has cute dimples when she smiles.
She tried to smile in vain.
She cannot but laugh.
She said good-bye with a smile, but there was a good deal of bitterness in her heart.
She thinks of her boss as a father.
She can speak Spanish well.
She can sing and dance beautifully.
She sewed a button on her coat.
She threw on a coat and went.
She took off her coat.
She has an elegant manner.
She is prudish.
She's having an affair with her boss.
She watched the passengers get off the bus.
She made an effort at joking but it fell quite flat.
She is staying at a little hotel by the castle.
She was standing amid the ruins of the castle.
She wants to travel to Antarctica, of all places.
She is always out to make a buck.
She always sides with the weak.
She is always troubled with a headache.
She always makes a fool of her husband.
She is always immune to criticism.
She made a point of complaining.
She is devoid of common sense.
She is accessible to pity.
She is easily moved to emotion.
She is able to grasp the situation.
She gave me advice as well as information.
She will have it that the conditions are unfair.
It took her a while to realize the situation.
She put new soil in the flower pot.
She is connected with the Oda's by marriage.
She was dismissed for loafing on the job.
She is dark-skinned.
She knows how to use her good looks to get what she wants out of men.
She grows many kinds of flowers-roses, violets, sunflowers, and so on.
She has a fair complexion.
She has fair skin and hair.
She kept on talking while eating.
She is very particular about her food.
She went out to buy some food.
She didn't mind doing the dishes.
She cleared away the dishes from the table.
She washed her dirty hands before the meal.
She ate her dinner.
She is on a diet.
She removed the dishes from the table.
She spread dishes on the table.
She has a ring whose value is beyond belief.
She is a reliable person.
She had gone to bed.
She slept off her hangover.
She used to pray before going to bed.
She put out the light before she went to bed.
She has a tender heart.
She tried hard to clear her mind of doubts.
She has a gentle heart.
She has a kind heart.
As she sang with all her heart, the audience was deeply moved.
She sang her sweet song with feeling.
She sang to her heart's content.
She felt her heart beat quickly.
She was ill with heart disease.
She felt her heart beating fast.
She is troubled with heart disease.
She was so nervous she paced to and fro in the waiting room.
She could not cope with anxiety.
She turned around and smiled.
She began to get the feel of her new office.
She is curious to learn new things.
She is pleased with her new dress.
She selected a hat to match her new dress.
She wants a new dress badly.
She tried on a new dress.
She looked happy in her new dress.
She got herself up in a new dress.
She walked slowly through the park to show off her new hairstyle.
She found it was difficult to adapt herself to her new surroundings.
She looked pleased with her new job.
She is quite satisfied with her new job.
She applied her mind to her new job.
She went to Tokyo for the purpose of getting a new job.
She looked pleased with her new ring.
She lost her new watch.
She is getting up a new play.
She clothed herself in a new suit.
She came to Tokyo with a view to getting a new job.
She slipped into a new way of life.
She took to her new teacher.
She is interested in learning new ideas.
She had a new dress made.
She was wearing a new hat.
She wants a new hat.
She gave me a look at her new car.
She will help me choose myself a new car.
She walked as far as Shinjuku.
She went outside to get a breath of fresh air.
She went to the market to buy fresh vegetables.
She flapped at the fly with a newspaper.
She put an advertisement for a domestic help in the paper.
She contributed an article to the newspaper.
She glanced briefly at the newspaper.
She laid the paper out on the table.
She went astray in the woods.
She walked in the woods.
She was wandering in the woods.
She fell into a deep sleep.
She took a deep breath and then started to talk about herself.
She took a deep breath.
She may know the facts.
She is an earnest student.
She doesn't believe in God.
Because she believed in God, she had nothing to worry about.
She graduated from Kobe University.
She is obedient to her parents.
She was aware of his eyes.
She is kindness itself.
She is kind.
I found her kind.
She is a kind girl.
She was kind enough to help me.
She kindly showed me around the city.
She was so kind as to lend me some money.
She had the kindness to take the lady to her home.
She was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
She was kind enough to accompany me to the station.
She had the kindness to show me around the city.
She had the kindness to inform us.
She was kind enough to help us.
She has the kindness to lend me a good dictionary.
She was kind enough to give me good advice.
It was kind of her to show me the way to the station.
She was kind enough to accommodate me with some money.
She had the kindness to buy a ticket for me.
She kindly showed me the way.
She had the kindness to show me the way to the hospital.
She was kind enough to carry my baggage for me.
She kindly helped me with my homework.
She had the kindness to pick me up at my house.
She had the kindness to help me.
She was kind enough to make tea for us.
She kindly gave me a ride home.
She was kind enough to lend me large sum of money.
She was kind enough to show me around the town.
She got nothing in reward for her kindness.
She is very negligent in her dress.
She has a lively interest in everything around us.
She accompanied her words with gestures.
She bent down and picked up the coin.
She stooped to pick up a pebble.
She accompanied her speech with gestures.
She doubled over, clutching her side.
She devoted her life to helping the handicapped.
She has an acid tongue.
She waited for him with patience.
She readily agreed to my proposal.
She helped her mother of her own accord.
She pushed her needle in and out.
She stopped sewing and had some tea.
She is handy with a needle.
She is good-natured.
She is ill-natured.
She tends to speak ill of others.
She managed to finish the work on her own.
She is very human.
She is a singer whose reputation is growing fast.
She is plain and stout as popular stars go.
She is a popular musician but very modest.
She is playing with a doll.
She looked at several dolls and decided on the most beautiful one.
Is she making a doll?
She is shy of strangers.
She lost herself in the crowd.
She heard her name called out in the crowd.
She is very cynical about life.
She has a negative attitude toward life.
She spent most of her life taking care of poor people.
She makes up in public.
She's no shrinking violet.
She doesn't like to speak in public.
She hates speaking in public.
She is used to speaking in public.
She detests speaking in public.
She is in the habit of fidgeting in the presence of others.
She is friendly to everybody.
She lives in rural seclusion.
She is reading a book in the library.
She was accorded permission to use the library.
She arrived at school on time in spite of the snowstorm.
She became famous as a mystery writer.
She poured in the water.
She prides herself of her swimming.
She is second to none in swimming in her school.
She excels them all at swimming.
She takes singing and dancing lessons, not to mention swimming and tennis lessons.
She sank under the surface of the water.
She had a headache from lack of sleep.
She was in her cups.
She broke with her family long ago.
She was sad for the first time in months.
She recognized that math was her weakest subject.
She is a genius at mathematics.
She is an expert in mathematics.
She was a genius in mathematics.
She squeezed the juice from several oranges.
She droned on for hours about her family history.
She stayed at the hotel for several days.
She went on a journey a few days ago.
She has been studying French for a few years.
She finished ironing the clothes a few minutes ago.
She stopped picking daisies.
She has a soft and clear voice.
She tries to keep up with what is going on in the world.
She is one of the best ballerinas in the world.
She has a great wish to travel around the world.
She is traveling around the world.
She set a new world record.
She traveled all over the world.
She is ignorant of the world.
She resembles her father in character.
She resembles her sister in character.
She was unhappy for all her success.
She began to despair of success.
She grew up to be a slim girl.
She died before coming of age.
She looked worried about her school report.
She has grown into a beautiful young lady.
She grew up to be a great scientist.
She's grown out of her favorite dress, so her mother will have to make it over for her.
She grew up to be a veterinarian.
She grew up to be a beautiful lady.
She's grown up to be a beautiful woman.
She grew up to be a lovely woman like her mother.
She grew up to be a famous musician.
The older she grew, the more beautiful she become.
As she grew up, she became more and more beautiful.
She will be a beauty when she grows up.
What time did she arrive at Narita Airport?
She was indifferent to politics.
She voted for Mr Nishioka irrespective of party lines.
She had a high government appointment.
She's with a government bureau, isn't she?
She was off in her Sunday best.
She did what she believed was right.
She did not overlook whatever difference there was between what was right and what was wrong.
She was released on the grounds that she was insane.
Should she be there at noon?
She should be there at noon.
She was supposed to be here by noon.
She is not only honest, but also wise.
I think that she's honest.
She is not so much honest as clever.
She is always neat and tidy.
She's alive! She was drowning, but her father saved her.
She has made herself master of flower arranging.
She is of French birth.
She has been dumb since birth.
She was delicate from birth.
She was in a hurry to see the new baby.
She is kindhearted by nature.
She is endowed with a talent for music.
She has been blind from birth.
She is artistic by nature.
She is weak by nature.
She is kind by nature.
She was naturally shy.
Nature endowed her with both a sound mind and a sound body.
Nature endowed her with wit and beauty.
She is a natural musician.
She is an American by birth.
She was buried in her hometown.
She says her life is monotonous.
She depends on her parents for living expenses.
She works hard to earn her living.
She has bought some cloth; she is going to make herself a dress.
She spoke slowly in case the students should miss her words.
She called the pupils into the room.
She has a very good relationship with her students.
She has a degree in biology.
She dressed up and left for the party.
She attended the party dressed to the nines.
She shouted herself hoarse.
She shouted at the top of her voice.
She spoke with her voice trembling.
She lowered her voice.
She raised her voice.
She is honest and above bribery.
She is honest and above telling a lie.
She likes blue dresses.
She was wearing a blue coat.
She decided on a blue dress.
She is wearing a blue dress.
She became pale and flushed by turns.
She looked ghostly.
She prefers quiet music - the baroque, for example.
She prefers quiet music.
She is quiet.
She quietly entered the room.
She slowly closed her eyes.
She has always been a popular actress.
She is fond of singing old songs.
She is not what she used to be.
She must have seen better days.
She used to live in luxury.
She used to keep a diary, but she no longer does.
She used to give herself airs.
She used to be diligent.
She appears to have been rich.
She tripped on the stone.
She used up a cake of soap.
She wished to punish only those responsible.
I can always count on her because she is responsible.
She was wearing a red skirt.
She wore a red dress.
She was dressed in a red blouse.
She decided on the red coat.
She was dressed in a red bathing suit.
She looks prettier in her red dress.
She was dressed in red.
She blushed red.
She beamed at her baby.
She is holding her baby in her arms.
She laid her baby on the bed.
She caressed her baby lovingly.
She folded her baby in her arms.
She did not go out often after the babies came.
Her hands are full taking care of the baby.
She had her baby drink some milk.
She looked after her baby.
She hushed her baby to sleep.
She carried a baby on her back.
She clutched her baby in her arms.
She was afraid of waking the baby.
She left the baby crying.
She is giving the baby a bath.
She was carrying the baby on her back.
She wrapped her baby in a blanket.
She folded the baby in her arms.
She contributed to the Red Cross.
She did a lot of voluntary work for the Red Cross.
She ate only lean meat.
She has reddish hair, whence comes her nickname "Carrot".
She left her ticket at home.
She folded colored paper into a paper crane.
She is guilty of stealing.
She is guilty of theft.
She helped me to clear snow away.
She was nearly frozen to death in the snow.
She suffers from constant neuralgia.
She gave up in despair.
She was in an abyss of despair.
She was in America last month.
She left for Paris at the end of last month.
She made a trip to Europe last month.
She quit her job last month.
She was transferred from the head office to a branch office last month.
She went in for the audition last week.
She has been busy since last week.
She has been sick since last week.
She gave birth to a pretty baby girl last week.
She has been sick since last Wednesday.
She was robbed of the handbag that she had bought last week.
She set off on a trip last week.
She is a teacher.
She always kisses up to teachers.
She always complains of her teacher.
She wanted to be a teacher.
I think she will do for a teacher.
She is a teacher's pet.
She tried to take down every word the teacher said.
The teacher's words were still borne in her mind.
She is very good at imitating her teacher.
She has great respect for her teacher.
She went to the station to see her teacher off.
Did she go to the station to see her teacher off?
She communicates well with her teachers.
She is on the cutting edge.
She is reserved by nature.
She bought a new house the other day.
She was promoted over the heads of her seniors.
She lost her son in the war.
She expressed her sentiments on the war.
She breaks a dish every time she washes dishes.
She hung the washing on the line.
She poured water into the basin.
She came off sailing across the Pacific.
When she went to Oshima by sea, she got seasick and brought up all she had eaten.
She enjoyed the life on board.
She said she had met him on the previous day.
She didn't attend the meeting for fear of meeting her ex-husband.
She is not so shy as she used to be.
She looked better than last time.
She cannot distinguish right from wrong.
She abounds in good will.
She is an utter stranger to me.
She is quite ignorant of the world.
She is far from beautiful.
She is not quite content.
She answered all the questions with assurance.
She was soaked from head to foot.
She made it in a total of 19 hours and 55 minutes, which is shorter than the previous record by 10 hours.
She carried off all the prizes.
She was educated by her grandfather.
She learned the craft of basket weaving from her grandmother.
She was leading her grandmother by the hand.
She was named after her grandmother.
She has had a magnificent career.
She writes an excellent hand.
Her feet were bare, as was the custom in those days.
She bought me a nice coat.
She had matured into an excellent woman.
She has got a nice hat on.
She is wearing a nice watch.
She gave me an appealing look.
She is a twin.
She gave birth to twin girls.
She had an early breakfast.
She should be there now because she left early.
She is an early riser.
She is used to getting up early.
She acquired the habit of rising early.
She talks a very fast game.
She tends to speak rapidly.
She must keep early hours.
She carefully watched the bird in the nest.
She needs someone to turn to for advice.
Is she anybody?
She is as beautiful as ever.
She looks as young as ever.
She is as poor as ever.
She tore away the stickers from the window.
She looked out of the window.
She put her head out of the window.
She withdrew her head from a window.
She hung a curtain over the window.
She hung beautiful curtains over the window.
She left the window open.
She opens the window.
She is not only intelligent but beautiful.
She proved an intelligent pupil.
She laid herself on the grass.
She wove the grass into a box.
She wove the grass into a basket.
Besides attending the funeral, she needs to make all the arrangements.
She is not so insensitive a girl as to laugh at a funeral.
She got tired with running.
She set the world record for the high jump.
She can hardly walk, let alone run.
She hates running.
She is a slow runner.
She is a runner.
She put her hands over her ears to shut out the noise.
She carried on talking in spite of the loud noise.
She looked at him with hatred.
She wrapped the present in paper.
She wrapped some gifts in paper.
She caught her breath.
She held her breath.
She hid behind the door and held her breath.
She was indignant at the way her son had been treated.
She's worried as it's been many months since she heard from her son.
She is proud that her son has become a doctor.
She sat up late waiting for her son to come home.
Little did she dream that her son would commit suicide.
Her son makes life worth living.
She scolded her son for being out until late.
She is bitterly ashamed of her son for stealing.
She insists on her son being innocent.
Her son meant everything to her.
She takes pride in her sons' success.
She gives too much money to her son.
She bought her son a camera.
She told her son to wait a minute.
She sent her son for a doctor.
She told her son to behave himself at home.
She is at her wit's end with her son. He sometimes does not come home until 3 or 4 a.m.
She will make a fine match for my son.
She was bereaved of a son.
She left her son a lot of money.
She could not help worrying about her son.
She is anxious about the results of her son's test.
She was amused at her son's tomfoolery.
She became agitated about her son's safety.
She prayed for her son's return.
She became very anxious about her son's health.
She is concerned about her son's health.
She patted her son on the shoulder.
She wept over her son's death.
She went mad after the death of her son.
She is in great anxiety about her son's examination.
She slipped some money into her son's hand.
She puts her hopes on her son.
She is confident of her son's success.
She is very anxious for her son to succeed.
She was desirous of her son's success.
She accused her son of wasting his life.
She cared for her son.
She had to withdraw her son from the club.
She abandoned her son to his fate.
She tried to screen her son from reality.
She left her son alone in the car.
She loves her son dearly.
She has small feet.
She went to school in spite of the pain in her leg.
She was wounded by a shot in the leg.
She got into the room with hushed steps.
She bathed her ankle with hot water.
She stamped the mud off her shoes.
She had been very shy till she graduated.
She was a Christian in life.
She sat surrounded by her grandchildren.
She is looked up to.
She liked him much better than the other two kittens.
She works as hard as any other student.
She calculates as quickly as any other student.
She likes Hiroshima better than any other city.
She ran very fast to catch up with the other members.
She likes music better than anything else.
She watches the other kids playing, but she never joins in.
She is popular with other girls.
She has something different.
She ran as fast as she could to catch up with the others.
She is considerate of others.
She doesn't pay attention to others; in other words, she is selfish.
She was never heard to speak ill of others.
She thinks much of others' opinions.
She is cautious of giving offense to others.
She has not more than 1000 yen.
She participates in many school activities.
She was chosen from among many students.
She has many valuable books.
She has undertaken too much work.
She has gone through many difficulties.
She is at most 18 years old.
She's at most 20 years old.
She took the risk, knowing that she might lose a lot of money.
Probably she tried to set you against her friends.
She couldn't come on account of being busy.
She is large, not to say fat.
She began to gain weight.
She felt herself lifted up.
She weighs 120 pounds.
She has lost weight.
Even though she was a heavy woman, she danced well.
She is on a diet for fear that she will put on weight.
She decided to drink water instead of soft drinks in order to lose weight.
She was aching all over.
She killed time reading a magazine while she waited.
She seemed to be idle.
She looks down on people who are idle.
She was dismissed on the grounds of neglect of duty.
She extended her stay by five days.
She opened the window to free the kitchen of the smell.
She is bustling about in the kitchen.
Does she work in the kitchen?
She is neither in the kitchen nor in the living room.
She emerged from the kitchen.
She scrubbed the kitchen floor with a brush.
She grew up to be a great violinist.
As she grew older, she became more beautiful.
She was wearing a men's shirt which did not fit her.
She froze at the sight of the big spider.
She owns a large property.
She has large blue eyes.
She was scared by the big earthquake.
She really likes his wild performances on the big stage.
She has a large room all to herself.
She isn't much of a poet.
She is a great talker.
She has great hate for dogs.
She realized her ambition to become a great scientist.
She got a part-time job so that she could study at college.
She thought that she could become economically independent from her parents if she went to college.
She is an honor to our college.
She resolved on going to college.
She is preparing for college.
She is fresh from college, so she has no experience.
She is an English teacher fresh from college.
She is a college graduate.
She is a college student.
She got married soon after her graduation from the college.
She deposited a large sum of money in the bank.
She lost sight of her friend in the huge crowd.
She was born and brought up in Osaka.
She has a drunken husband.
She has taken a great hold on the public mind.
She aspires to becoming a great actress.
She said she was OK. In fact, she was terribly injured.
She got first prize in the eating contest.
She is an adult, so you should treat her accordingly.
She grew up to be a famous doctor.
She will grow up to be a very good pianist.
I think she was conscious of being stared at by many boys.
She cursed loudly.
She began to cry in a loud voice.
She managed to scare off her attacker by screaming loudly.
She called for help.
She raised that child at a great cost.
She reminds me very much of her mother.
She seemed to be very surprised.
She is very fond of dogs.
She got quite well.
She is a woman of great literary ability.
She's a very strange person.
She is very busy.
She was very busy.
She turned away in horror at the sight of so much blood.
She cultivated her mind by reading many books.
She is another Madame Curie.
She knew it by a sixth sense.
She has many hobbies, cooking, knitting, gardening, collecting stamps, and so on.
She is an old hand at spying on tax evaders.
She harbored the deserter.
She took down a book from the shelf.
She reached out for the magazine on the shelf.
I wonder who she is.
She said to me, "Who arrived first?"
She needs someone to talk to.
Who is she?
Who do you think she lives with?
She has married nobody.
She always acts politely toward everybody.
She is gracious to everyone.
She works as hard as anybody does.
She was all kindness to everybody.
Who is she speaking to?
She cleaned the house all by herself.
She is coy with everyone.
She firmly asserts that she will not sing in front of anybody.
She likes no one and no one likes her.
She likes nobody and nobody likes her.
Whomsoever she invites, she is quite hospitable.
Whomever she invites, she is kind.
She has good control over her class.
She likes short skirts.
She is a short story writer.
She invited us to her birthday party.
She gave me an album as a birthday present.
She found a man injured.
She found a man dead.
She worked side by side with men.
She was not interested in boys at all.
She is very popular among the boys.
She let go of the boy's hand.
She likes being looked at by boys.
She was disguised in men's clothes.
She was dressed fit to kill.
She is only too pleased to be advised by men.
She's good at bargaining the price down.
She was very surprised at the news.
She was amazed to hear the news.
She took the news calmly.
She is seldom at ease with strangers.
She assumed an air of indifference.
She has a high grade of intelligence.
She's signed up for a couple of night classes at the local college.
She did it for the good of the community.
She has traveled all over the globe.
She works as a nurse in the local hospital.
She stays calm through earthquakes.
She is a local government officer.
She favors quiet colors.
She turned away to hide her blushes.
She was not ashamed to ask me a question.
She is shy and talks little.
She is ashamed to speak to a foreigner.
She bent her head in shame.
She glanced shyly at him.
She must come home by 9 at latest.
She explained the reason why she was late.
She excused herself for coming late.
She didn't mention the reason for being late.
She may be late, in which case we will wait.
She hurried so she wouldn't be late.
She was told off for being late.
She made an excuse for being late.
She gave a poor explanation for being late.
She has brown eyes.
She knows better than to spend all her money on clothes.
She tore a hole in her dress.
She is believed to be from China.
She is progressing in Chinese.
She is second to none when it comes to cooking Chinese food.
She is fair, fat and forty.
She is very biased against abstract painting.
She made her appearance around noon.
She is having lunch now.
She's practicing the piano day and night.
She is working night and day.
She spends three dollars a day for lunch and dinner.
She proposed that we take an hour's break for lunch.
She's supposed to be back by lunchtime.
She helped cook lunch.
She finished up lunch with coffee.
She got ready for lunch.
She promised her father to be in time for lunch.
She was in no humor for lunch.
She's supposed to be back by lunch time.
I expect her to come back before lunch.
She was very well before lunch, but felt sick afterward.
Careless as she was, she could never pass an examination.
She was careful opening the drawer.
She has a strong dislike of insects.
She is an outstanding poet.
She tried to carry out her plan to save money.
She did me the courtesy of answering my letter.
She was a girl with finely chiseled features.
She stood defiantly with arms akimbo.
She has been practicing the piano since morning.
She worked from morning till night.
She plays tennis in the morning.
She missed the morning service.
She lays the table for breakfast.
She makes it a rule to read a newspaper after breakfast.
She is getting breakfast ready.
She had better eat breakfast.
She is in the habit of jogging before breakfast.
She is in the habit of taking exercise before breakfast.
She takes her dog to the park before breakfast.
She took a walk before breakfast.
She is a late riser.
She left early in the morning.
She didn't like living in the city.
She won't conform to the town's social patterns.
She repeated what she had heard to her mother.
She observed how butterflies fly.
She sings out of tune.
She had long been learning to play the piano.
She has suffered from bad headaches for a long time.
She gazed at me for a long time.
She has been ill for a long time and she is still too weak to get about.
She had long blond hair.
She dwelled on the matter for a long time.
She was combing her hair for a long time.
She looked as if she had been ill for a long time.
She was ill for a long time.
She died after she had been ill for a long time.
She stood waiting for me for a long time.
She took a long time to choose her hat.
She has long feet.
She has long hair.
She stood on the deck with her long hair waving in the wind.
She recovered from her long illness.
She wore a long, loose coat.
She was annoyed to be kept waiting.
It took her a long time to choose a hat.
She is not accustomed to driving for a long time.
She lived a long life.
She's been having trouble with back pain for years.
She ground down a kitchen knife in the course of many years.
Is she equal to a long journey?
She hung the cage from the eaves.
She wrote a book about the bird.
She is keen on birds and flowers.
She made for the car right away.
She need not have kept silent.
She won't take an airplane for fear of a crash.
She gave a cry of pain.
She is affected with the gout.
She smiled at me as she passed me in the street.
She came across the street.
She was hit by a car while she was crossing the street.
She didn't pass me without speaking to me.
She was engaged as an interpreter.
She has a strong wish to work as an interpreter.
She has a habit of biting her nails.
She used to visit me regularly.
She goes to the dentist regularly, so she seldom gets toothache.
She will do her best to be here on time.
She grows tomatoes in her garden.
She's in the garden planting roses.
She found a ball in the garden.
She planted roses in the garden.
She stood in admiration of the garden.
She planted fragrant olives in the garden.
She seeded vegetables in her garden.
She named all the flowers in the garden.
She picked flowers in the garden.
She weeded the garden.
She was walking along a garden path.
She came into the garden and looked at the trees for a long time.
She has a great affection for her little brothers.
She got her brother to walk the dog.
She was out of temper with her brother.
She assisted her brother with his homework.
She took great pains to get the job done before the deadline.
She scratched her finger on a nail.
She is no better than a thief.
She aimed at the target.
She is used to staying up all night.
She watched over her mother all night.
She looked at her flight of cranes hanging from the ceiling, which her brother Masahiro had hung there for her.
She looked up at the ceiling.
She took advantage of the fine weather to paint the wall.
It is believed that she is a genius.
It is no exaggeration to say that she is an angel.
She is an angel of a girl.
She's an absolute angel.
She won first prize in the exhibition.
Her eyes traveled over all the things in the shop.
She killed time going around the shops.
She killed an hour looking around the stores.
She was injured in a fall.
She fell down and hurt her knee.
She has gone over to the other side.
She made for a rice field.
She leads a life of ease in the country.
She lived a quiet life in the country.
She found it dull living in the country.
She considered him extravagant with electricity.
She turned out the light so as not to waste electricity.
She received the electricity bill today.
She stood there even after the train was out of sight.
She may have missed her train.
She made room for an old women on the train.
She left her umbrella in the train.
She started talking as soon as she got through.
She made me so angry on the telephone that I hung up on her.
She stood up to answer the phone.
She covered the mouthpiece of the phone with her hand.
She asked me whether she could use the telephone.
She used to wash her hair before going to school.
She saw many animals on the way.
She was at her wit's end.
She left the country to get work in the town.
She pictured to herself imagined city life.
For all her efforts, she didn't succeed.
She is going to visit her grandmother on Saturday.
She doesn't have to go to school on Saturday.
She got angry.
She was angry, but she spoke with restraint.
She was angry. That is why she remained silent.
She must be angry.
She broke the dish on purpose just to show her anger.
She turned away in anger.
She fixed me with an angry stare.
She stared me down with anger.
She rang off angrily.
She spit out an angry reply.
She went out of the room in anger.
She is beside herself with rage.
She was mad with anger.
Her voice was shaking with anger.
She was burning with anger.
She held back her anger, and smiled graciously.
She fell down and broke her left leg.
She kept the dining room warm in winter.
She was aware of the danger of the frozen road.
She called me up from Tokyo.
She is looking forward to going to the Tohoku district.
She told me how it was wrong to steal.
She must have been rich in those days.
She let him pay the bill as a matter of course.
I took it for granted that she would come to our wedding.
She has moved house six times since she came here.
She was puzzled, and she ran away from me.
I'm afraid she can't answer.
She sometimes hesitates before answering.
She may have known the answer.
She was up to her eyes grading the papers.
She is sharp.
She has brains.
She appears to have a headache.
She is out of her mind.
She is as hardworking as she is bright.
She is a clear-headed.
She is not smart, but she is built.
She held up her head.
She lifted up her head and looked at him.
She laid her head down on the pillow.
She complained of her headache.
She complained of a headache.
She complains of headaches, and that very often.
She's tired from overwork.
She's always on the go.
She went on working.
She is fond of animals.
She wrote a book about animals.
She is gentle to animals.
She spoke out strongly against cruelty to animals.
She kept on writing stories about animals.
She gave up eating meat after reading a book about cruelty to animals.
She made the same mistake again.
She is well spoken of among her own sex.
She cut me dead in the street.
She lost her way and on top of that it began to rain.
She lost her way.
I am afraid she may have lost her way.
When she got lost, she wished she had followed his advice.
She was on the point of laughing at the clown's actions.
She slipped in crossing the road.
She is endowed with a special talent.
She has a special way of making bread.
She was studying drama on a special scholarship.
She killed herself by taking poison.
She has a sharp tongue.
She wears heavy makeup.
She stayed here by herself.
She went to the movies by herself.
She is a self-educated woman.
She teaches reading and writing.
She has a taste for reading.
She indulged herself in reading.
She found pleasure in reading.
Suddenly she had a brilliant inspiration.
She burst into view.
All of a sudden, she began to laugh.
She turned around suddenly.
She burst into anger.
She fell silent suddenly.
Suddenly, she stopped and looked around.
She went inside.
She is shy and always remains in the background.
She shows a shy disposition.
She seems shy, but has a strong will in practice.
She is pigeon-toed.
She comes from the South, as I knew from her accent.
She must be from the South.
She has perfected the art of handling difficult customers.
She made up a parcel of old clothes for the refugees.
She will cope with difficult problems.
She has just turned twelve.
She gave birth to her first child at twenty years old.
She brought up two children.
She has two thousand books.
She pledged herself never to do it again.
She lost one of her flesh and blood.
She is getting better day by day.
She got up early so as to see the sunrise.
She is in low spirits today.
She decided to keep a diary.
She put on dark glasses to protect her eyes from the sun.
The sun has bronzed her skin.
She wanted to get away from everyday life.
She wrote the date in numeric form.
She is well known both in Japan and in America.
She has a good command of English though she was brought up in Japan.
It is not too much to say that she is one of the best tennis players in Japan.
While she was staying in Japan, she often visited Kyoto.
While in Japan, she bought the camera.
She is familiar with Japanese history.
She left Japan, never to return home again.
She traveled round Japan.
She can speak Japanese.
She could only take Japanese lessons for a few hours.
She spoke Japanese well.
She came to Japan for the purpose of studying Japanese.
She will be the first Japanese woman astronaut.
She used to go to the museum on Sundays.
She visited the old man in the hospital every day but Sunday.
She did not visit me on Sunday but on Monday.
She rarely goes out on Sundays.
She used to go to the movies on Sundays.
She makes a point of going to church on Sundays.
She gets up late on Sunday mornings.
She closed the door tightly behind her.
She saw a young man at the entrance.
She has been mending since she entered the hospital.
She is constantly in and out of hospital.
She expected to have called on her mother in hospital.
She made out the application for admission.
She was anxious to know the entrance exam results.
She was nervous before the entrance exam.
She achieved the goal of winning the prize.
She is eight months pregnant.
She stopped smoking on account of health concerns for her pregnancy.
She is great with child.
She is expecting a child.
She had an abortion.
As she feels deep sorrow at her cat's death, let her be.
She scared the cat away.
She wants to keep a cat.
She has a cat. The cat is white.
She has two cats. One is black, and the other is white.
She enjoys soaking herself in a hot bath.
She is in bed with a fever.
She was burning with fever.
She played the piano with enthusiasm.
She entered into conversation with zeal.
She was eager to feed the birds.
She is absorbed in knitting.
She studies hard.
She was wonderfully alive for her age.
She looks young for her age.
She tried to look much younger than she really was.
She was weary with age.
She is getting on.
She is kind to old people.
She has to live on the pension.
She is lying about her age.
She takes care of her old mother.
She looked at me seductively.
She wore a dark blue scarf.
She was wearing dark brown shoes.
She looks like a farmer's wife.
She would have liked to peep in, but could not do such a thing.
She is a temp.
She got rattled by the stupid question.
She seemed so much at ease in the saddle.
She had a picture taken with an actor.
She was a tall, slender blonde.
She is growing tall.
She's too short to reach the top.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She was a tall, thin girl with long, soft brown hair.
She wears high heels to make herself look taller.
She seemed surprised to hear her name called from behind.
She is carrying a backpack on her back.
She has gone shopping.
She is all for going shopping.
She went shopping.
Whenever she goes shopping, she ends up buying more than she can afford.
She may have gone out to do some shopping.
She concealed the fact that she used to be a salesgirl.
She received a doctor's degree.
She went by cab to the museum.
She dyed her white skirt red.
She wore a white dress.
She embroidered her initials on a white handkerchief.
She had white shoes on.
She is dressed in white.
She had a white book under her arm.
She is attractive when she is dressed in white.
She handed in a blank test.
She's of the Caucasian race.
She sat just behind the seats for whites, and then refused to give up her seat to a white passenger who got on the bus after her.
She is as beautiful as Snow White.
She is in good circumstances with a large fortune.
She has a large fortune to herself.
She took off the lid of the box.
She put the lid on the box.
She didn't expose her skin to the sun.
She watched the gardens grow, and she watched the apples turn red and ripen.
She is brushing her hair.
She had her hair cut short.
She keeps her hair in curls.
She combed her hair and bound it with a ribbon.
She rubbed her hair with a towel.
She wears her hair in a bun.
She went to the hairdresser's to have her hair done.
She wanted to have her hair cut, but her mother wouldn't let her.
She looks cute with her hair short.
She stood still with her hair flying in the wind.
She stood at the door, her hair blown by the wind.
She stood on the beach with her hair waving in the wind.
She is doing her hair simply.
Her hair style makes her look younger than her age.
She complained about the sentence.
She was only half alive.
She applied for a job as a saleswoman.
She was thrilled with his presence.
She is likely to refuse to follow his advice, because she doesn't like him.
She received the letter to the effect that he would soon be back.
It made her jealous to see him walking with another girl.
She ran her eyes over the letter from him.
She read his letter again and again.
She had no sooner read his letter than she tore it up.
She was longing to hear from him.
She got a present from her boyfriend.
She doesn't seem to be able to catch on to what he is saying.
She was impatient for him to return.
She wondered at the sudden change of his mind.
All she could do was watch him walk away.
She loved him all the better for his faults.
She made it clear that she didn't like him.
She was surprised at his appearance.
She went on working till he called her.
She stood by him whenever he was in trouble.
She was afraid of his having an accident.
She seemed to take it for granted that he should go his own way.
She said she feared that he might fail.
She accused him of stealing her car.
She thought he might be feeling lonely and forgotten.
She told me his name after he had left.
She was satisfied that he was honest.
When she saw the lengths he'd gone to to get all dressed up, she couldn't help letting a brief chuckle escape.
She was jealous when he talked to another girl.
She criticized him for being late.
She expects him to show up on Saturday afternoon.
She went into ecstasies about the ring he had bought her.
It had never occurred to her that he would be punished.
She accused him of being inattentive to her.
She ignored the fact that he is ill.
She said he was sick in bed, which was not true.
She was an excellent spouse who stood by him through poverty.
She declared him to be dishonest.
She presumes him to be innocent.
She helped him in the belief that he was innocent.
She cherishes the hope that he will return.
She cursed him for forgetting his promise.
She disapproved of him coming.
She had no intention to quarrel with him.
She enjoyed talking with him.
She told him once and for all that she would not go to the movies with him.
She looks happiest when she is with him.
She went to the park with him.
Did she come with him?
She is always ready to meet him halfway when she has an argument with him.
She married him.
She has been married to him for two years.
I wonder if she will marry him.
She is reluctant to marry him.
She has broken with him.
She is as intelligent as he.
She tried to make friends with him.
She had something to talk over with him.
She asked him to sit down.
She warned him not to go alone.
She met him three years ago.
When did she promise to meet him?
She has done him many kindnesses.
She made a delicious meal for him.
She asked him to carry her bag.
She asked him to mail that letter.
She made a new suit for him.
She bought him a sweater.
She begged him not to go there.
She gave him the money.
She urged him to do the job.
She gave him the car.
She suggested that he try it.
She gave it to him.
He loved her very much.
She is hard on them.
She lost to him in tennis.
She is all in all to him.
She is nothing to him.
She bobbed at him.
She set him to chopping wood.
She did well by him.
She is loved by him.
She told him to keep away from bad friends.
She read one poem to him.
She whispered something into his ear.
She didn't know what to say to him.
She begged him to send her home.
She felt happy to see him.
She got a false impression of him.
She hinted that she would like him to leave.
She threw a suspicious glance at him.
She tried to keep away from him.
She loves him all the more because he has faults.
She handed out a key to him.
She retorted against him.
She knows better than to answer back to him.
She talks to him as if he were a child.
She gave him a necktie which was completely to his taste.
She advised him not to use too much sugar.
She was looking forward to seeing him again.
She is looking forward to seeing him again.
She attended on him.
She asked him to raise the funds.
She gave him a watch.
She advised him to use a bicycle.
She felt regret for having been rude to him.
She pleaded with him not to disturb her.
She applied to him for help.
She encouraged him to write a novel.
She advised him not to eat too much.
She gave him money as well as food.
She gave him a tour of the new factory for me.
She thanked him with all her heart.
She wrote him a friendly letter, and thanked him for his help.
She didn't let him touch her baby.
She asked him to open the window.
She testified against him.
She filed a suit for divorce against him.
She concealed the change in her feelings toward him.
She got so angry with him that she came very close to hitting him on the cheek.
She informed him of her arrival.
She told her troubles to him.
She was unkind to him.
She made believe that she had not heard him.
She reached against oppression.
She put him under a spell.
She gave him her name and telephone number.
She laid a blanket over him.
She cocked an eye at him.
She gave him a tender kiss.
She turned away for fear he see her tears.
She turned her head away, lest he should see her tears.
She is said to be in love with him.
She has twice as many books as he has.
She borrowed his idea.
She is likely to refuse to follow his advice, because she does not like him.
She will make him a good wife.
She will be a good companion for him.
She made believe not to hear him.
She became thin worrying about his matters.
She felt hurt at his words.
She was deeply offended by his remarks.
She knew him better than did all the others.
She cannot recommend him too much.
She is very cross with him.
She went so far as to call him a fool.
She ironed his shirts.
She accommodated her schedule to his.
She thrilled to his saying so.
She stood by him.
She spoke up for him.
She refused to accept his proposal.
She is said to have refused his proposal.
She had no choice but to turn down his proposal.
She cast an eye in his direction.
She didn't tolerate his selfishness.
She is anxious about his safety.
She inquired after him.
She took over the will of him.
She was not provided for in his will.
She betrayed his hiding place to the police.
She rejected his offer of help.
She married him for the sake of his family name.
She was beguiled by his sweet words.
She smacked him across the face.
She caught sight of his face.
She slapped him in the face.
She couldn't look him in the face.
She looked him in the face.
She began to cry at the sight of his face.
She rebutted his argument.
She accepted his hand in marriage.
She yielded in his proposal.
She refused his proposal.
She was anxious about his health.
She leaned against his shoulder.
She is content with his present salary.
He has her under his thumb.
She closed her ears to what he was saying.
She knew better than to believe him.
She got what he said.
She found it impossible to understand what he was saying.
She seems to have been offended by what he said.
She wrote down what he said.
She took what he said as meaning agreement.
She treated him for a broken leg.
She's not his sister, but his mother.
Though she looks like his older sister, the fact is that she is his mother.
She is happy to have conceived a baby by him.
She shed crocodile tears over his death.
She was disgusted at his persistence.
She is his real mother.
She guaranteed his debts.
She stepped forward to shake his hand.
She tore his letter to pieces.
She wrapped her arms around his neck.
She knew neither his address nor his phone number.
She was impatient to know his address.
She will probably refuse to follow his advice, because she doesn't like him.
She took care of his wound.
She turned down his invitation.
She was completely taken in by his smile.
She betrayed his trust.
She debated about his offer.
She refused his offer.
She took up his offer.
She accepted his offer.
She had the wind of his true intentions.
She was taken in by his gentlemanly appearance.
She loves him for what he is, not for what he has.
She was very annoyed with his nerve.
She turned around when she heard his voice.
She cherished his old love letters.
She knew better than to smoke a cigarette in his presence.
She immediately blushes in his presence.
She accepted his gift.
She is very anxious about his health.
She may not like his attitude.
She regretted that she had not followed his advice.
She dropped her handkerchief on purpose to draw his attention.
She was very surprised at his sudden defiant attitude.
She has as many books again as he.
She interpreted his remarks as a threat.
She will perceive his irony.
She made an allusion to his misconduct.
She asked after his father.
His room is kept clean by her.
She laughed at the sight of his hat.
She reached out for his hat.
She couldn't do with his rude behavior.
She got angry at his rude behavior.
She believes that he is innocent.
She is annoyed at his ignorance.
She could no longer put up with his insulting words.
She couldn't put up with his rudeness any more.
She rested on his promise.
She thanked him for his helpful advice.
She boiled over with rage at his betrayal.
She was mortified by his frank remark.
She lives next door to him.
She slid into the seat next to him.
She hung on to his arm as they walked.
She said he would be back right away.
She is not as tall as he.
She is five years his junior.
She is a good deal older than he.
She is a more proficient leader than he is.
She sang better than he.
She refused to do what they wanted.
She had a happy time with them.
She is hard on him.
She fed them with hamburgers.
She gave them some apples.
She asked them to take their shoes off.
She bowed in acknowledgment of their applause.
She took the trouble to find a home for them.
She feels at ease in their home.
She endeavored to live up to their expectations.
She was gaping at their quarrel.
She was aware of their hostile feelings toward her.
She said that they were good friends of hers.
She wanted to help them.
She extended a warm welcome to them.
She kept him waiting half an hour.
Her eyes anchored on him.
She abetted him in escaping from prison.
She cast a glance at him.
She thinks the world of him.
She blandished him out of his black mood.
She insisted that he be invited to the party.
She described him as handsome.
She engaged him as a programmer.
She made a man of him.
She wants to keep him at a distance.
She looked askance at him.
She looks upon him as a benefactor.
She regarded him as stupid.
She tried in vain to please him.
She despised him.
She felt an aversion to him.
The sight of him was hateful to her.
No sooner had she found him than she burst into tears.
She made him happy.
She wondered whether she should let him go or not.
She identified him as the murderer.
She looks on him as her master.
She regards him as her master.
She gave him a good kick.
She needs to help him.
She denounced him to the police as a murderer.
Far from blaming him, she gave him a reward.
She turned up her nose at him.
She sued him for damages.
She doesn't hate him. In fact, she loves him.
She thinks highly of him.
She mixed him up with someone else.
She described him as a detective.
She kept him waiting for a long time.
She flashed him her angry eyes.
She wanted to spare him embarrassment.
She ignored him, which proved unwise.
She called him by name.
She thought of him as her lifesaver.
Him alone did she love and nobody else did she care about.
She called her bear Ted.
She is concerned about her health.
She is just as charming as her sister.
She unburdened her heart to her friends.
She is concerned about her mother's health.
She has to look after her mother.
She is no less slender than her sister is.
She calls her sister Mina-chan.
She doesn't like to sing a sad song.
She looks sorrowful and forlorn.
She looks sad.
She looked sad.
She wore a sad expression.
She looked sadly at me.
She abandoned herself to grief.
She spent her later life with a hidden sorrow.
She kept her sorrow in her bosom.
She has a tendency to look on the dark side of things.
She died a miserable death.
She was distracted by grief.
She is dying of grief.
She is very sensitive to criticism.
She was too much fatigued to speak.
Tired as she was, she tried to finish the work.
Although she was tired, she tried to finish the work.
She was tired but decided on walking.
She was worn out, and leaned against the apple tree.
She does look tired.
She flung herself upon a sofa, protesting that she was fatigued to death.
She was too tired to go on working.
She is very efficient in the secretarial work.
I cannot recommend her as a secretary.
As a secretary she is a prize.
She was trained to be a secretary.
She made up her mind to be a secretary.
She did not let me into her secret.
She let the secret out.
She is apt to keep a secret to herself.
She was burning to tell the secret.
She admits knowing the secret.
She wants to lose weight because she is overweight.
She decorated her house regardless of cost.
Such was her delight that she began to dance.
She looks very much afraid.
She contributed much to the company.
Her surprise was so great that she could not speak.
She was quite eager in her studies.
She is not so foolish that she does not know it.
She has a very strong personality.
She is a very refined lady.
She is very nervous and is always ill at ease.
She felt so humiliated that she couldn't say anything.
She was such a beautiful girl that everybody turned to look at her as she passed.
She looks very afraid.
She put by some money for a rainy day.
She sought forgiveness for her guilty acts.
She has an extraordinary ability in music.
She had an unfriendly attitude.
She waved at me before she got on board the plane.
She died in a plane crash.
She was an orphan who lost her parents in a plane crash.
She cried for joy when she heard that her son had survived the plane crash.
She said with a smile.
She spoke to me with a smile.
She took the punishment with a smile.
She smiled and said goodbye.
She smiled me into good humor.
She greeted me with a smile.
She is a beauty.
She is beautiful, and what is more, very graceful.
She is popular not because she is beautiful, but because she is kind to everyone.
She is not only beautiful but also kind to everybody.
She is not merely beautiful but bright.
She is handsome rather than beautiful.
She got a beautiful dress on.
She was not merely beautiful, but also talented.
She picked a lot of beautiful flowers.
She has some beautiful antique furniture.
She is proud of being beautiful.
She has a pretty doll.
She sang with a beautiful voice.
She must have been very beautiful.
She surpasses her sister in beauty.
She is endowed with beauty.
She is vain of her beauty.
She has no sense of the beautiful.
She went to France for the purpose of studying art.
She went to France in order to study art.
She participated in the beauty contest.
She'll go in for the beauty contest.
She is said to have been beautiful.
She prides herself on her beauty.
She's a beauty from a distance.
She is not only beautiful but also amiable.
She has beauty and what passes for intelligence.
She is beautiful, intelligent and, what is best of all, very kind-hearted.
She is more clever than beautiful.
She has a feel for beauty.
She is lacking in sense of beauty.
She has beauty as a point in her favour.
She uses her looks.
She runs a beauty shop.
She went to the hairdresser's.
She felt her knees tremble.
She did not answer all the questions.
She is not always happy.
She practices playing the piano regularly.
She made a point of visiting me.
She ran for dear life.
She told a white lie out of necessity.
She demanded one above the necessity.
She is a poor correspondent.
She is likely to live to be one hundred.
She had the book with a torn cover under her arm.
She came to her senses in hospital.
She was looked after in the hospital.
She works for a hospital.
She was being carried to the hospital.
She came to herself when she was taken to the hospital.
She insisted that he should go to the hospital.
She took a taxi to the hospital.
She has got over her illness.
It took her four months to recover from her sickness.
She was anxious to recover from illness.
She seems to have been ill.
She couldn't come because he was sick.
She seemed to have been ill.
It seems that she was ill.
She said that she was ill.
She said that she was ill, which was a lie.
It is said that she is ill.
I think she is sick. She has a temperature.
She has been sick in bed for a week.
Her illness kept her in hospital for six weeks.
She pretended that she was sick.
Her illness prevented her from attending the party.
She lies ill in bed.
She looked as if she had been sick in bed for years.
She is absent because of sickness.
After her sickness, she's only a shadow of her former self.
She has been sick in bed for some time.
She said she was ill in bed, which was a lie.
It is said that she is ill in bed.
She must be ill in bed.
I am afraid she is ill.
She fell ill, but got well soon.
She must be sick.
She cannot attend school on account of illness.
She was absent from school because of sickness.
She was absent from school owing to sickness.
She could not come because she was ill.
She could not come on account of illness.
She seems to be sick.
She kept an all-night vigil over her sick child.
She attended on her sick husband.
She made believe that she was sick.
She went in search of a doctor for her sick baby.
She cared for her sick father.
She cared for her sick mother.
She is attending on her sick mother.
She cares for her sick mother.
She resigned on the grounds of ill health.
She was still weak after her illness.
She is poor, but she looks happy.
Although she is poor, she is satisfied.
She lives in poor circumstances.
She devoted her life to working among the poor.
She is a friend of the poor.
Poor as she was, she gave him what little money she had.
She gave some food to the poor family.
She poured some milk from the bottle.
Her anxiety almost drove her wild.
She got sick of the ugly animals.
She is awkward.
She was in a bad temper.
She is living an unhappy life.
She lived an unhappy life.
She seems to be unhappy.
She looked around in wonder.
Confused by her careless mistake, she burst into tears.
She has spoiled her work by being careless.
She was punished for careless driving.
She is an estate agent.
She does nothing but complain.
She began to grumble and then to weep.
She did it against her will.
She threw a disapproving glance at me.
She was relieved from insomnia.
If she was displeased, she never showed it.
She bore up well under unfavorable circumstances.
She was on edge till she heard from her husband.
She is proud of her husband being rich.
She stood by her husband whenever he was in trouble.
She perceived that her husband was unhappy.
She got her back up when her husband came home drunk.
She didn't like her husband drunk.
She couldn't accept that her husband died.
She was in despair when her husband died.
She was thankful that her husband had returned safe.
She had been in the hospital for a week before her husband came back.
She got so carried away when arguing with her husband that she burst into tears.
She shared her husband's fate.
She has legally divorced her husband.
She divorced her husband.
She cooked her husband an apple pie.
She was scared to death of her husband.
She had her husband drive the children to their homes.
She entrusted her husband with a letter.
She stood close to her husband.
She waited eagerly for her husband's return.
She yearned for her husband to come home.
She helped her husband with his work.
She cherishes the memory of her husband.
She was quite unaffected by the death of her husband.
She is grieved at her husband's death.
She did nothing but grieve over her husband's death.
She threw her arms around her husband's neck.
She knows her husband's psychology.
She longs for her husband to arrive.
She was in doubt about the ability of her husband.
She earns half as much money as her husband.
Her husband's illness caused her great anxiety.
She brushed her husband's hat.
She survived her husband by ten years.
She made fun of her husband.
She went on trial charged with murdering her husband.
She praised her husband to excess.
She will love her husband for good.
She was down on her husband.
She employed a private detective to keep a watch on her husband.
She dominates her husband.
She is devoted to her husband.
She played a part in the women's lib movement.
She took an active part in the women's lib movement.
She is seeking wealth.
She will get married to a rich man.
She is not afraid of anything.
She frowned him into silence.
In general, she is an early riser.
She usually sleeps for eight hours.
She usually goes to bed at nine.
She is wearing a long face.
She looked at a floating cloud.
She is a loose woman and will honestly go with anyone.
She got a pair of shoes from Father.
She phoned her husband to come immediately.
She was in a hurry to see her father.
She got married against her father's will.
She was filled with deep grief to hear of her father's sudden death.
She got over the shock of her father's death.
She helped her father with the work in the garden.
She knows the news better than her father.
She's going to talk her father into buying a new car.
She is proud of her father being rich.
She cared for her father until his death.
She walked arm in arm with her father.
She knitted her father a sweater.
She was clinging to her father.
She cried at the sight of her father's dead body.
She wanted to have her father's love to herself.
She is anxious about her father's health.
She took no notice of what her father said.
She couldn't make the admission that she had broken her father's watch.
She succeeded to her father's whole estate.
She kissed her father on the cheek.
She attempted to persuade her father.
She was very proud of her father.
She takes after her father.
She smarted from the insult.
She came out of the room.
She complained of the room being too hot.
She was alone in this opinion.
She was left alone in the room.
She installed a new electric stove in the room.
She opened the window so as to let the fresh air into the room.
She went into the room and lay on the bed.
She burst into the room.
She furnished the room with beautiful furniture.
She was locked up in a room.
She closed all the windows in the room.
She kept walking about the room.
She kept walking about the room. She seemed too uneasy to sit still.
She removed her hat when she entered the room.
She always keeps her room neat and tidy.
She looked around the room.
She went out of the room.
She began to cry as soon as she left the room.
She cleaned the room, and ran errands.
She cleaned the room.
She breaks something every time she cleans the room.
She reserved a room.
She was absent from the club activities.
She ran up to me, her hair flying in the wind.
She opened the window to let in fresh air.
She was absent from school with a cold.
She is down with a cold.
She was absent simply because she caught cold.
She has a cold and is absent from school.
She said she had a cold.
She was absent due to a cold.
She is in bed with a cold.
She wore such thin clothes that she might well catch a cold.
She was subject to cold.
She said she had a slight cold.
She pricked the balloon.
She was looking for a room with a bath, and found one near here.
She went out of the room with downcast eyes.
She was ironing her dress.
She is wearing accessories.
She slipped into her clothes.
She went into her room to change her dress.
She put away her clothes.
She is sewing a dress.
She is particular about what she wears.
She is careless about dress.
She doesn't care about her dress.
She spends most of her money on her dresses.
She cares a lot about clothes.
She lost her temper and shouted at me.
She broke off her engagement in a fit of anger.
She has a broad view of things.
She was walking to and fro, lost in thought.
She came across some old documents in the closet.
She gave her entire life to the study of physics.
She went to Italy in order to study literature.
She is a perfect dream.
She is a good writer.
She lives by her pen.
She was able to answer whatever was asked.
She walked on her hands along the top of the wall.
She is remarkably attractive.
She was educated in the United States.
She will specialize in American history.
She is just a wallflower.
She painted the wall pink.
She stained the wall beige.
She decorated the wall with pictures.
She painted the walls white.
She entrusted her baby to her divorced husband.
She walked away without saying good bye.
Her dream is to lead a life full of variety.
She was busy knitting. In the meantime, he was taking a nap by the fire.
She put her knitting aside and stood up.
She is made to be an editor.
She looked all around.
She was at a loss for an answer.
She didn't reply.
She's far behind in her studies.
Her work in school warranted her good grades.
She went out of her study.
I think she will succeed as a lawyer.
She conferred with her lawyer.
Soon after she became a lawyer, she wouldn't even give her old friends the time of day.
She is bent on becoming a lawyer.
She was admitted to the bar.
She announced her engagement to her lawyer friend.
She need not have brought a lunch.
She goes to school on foot.
She was seen to walk out of the room.
She sang as she walked.
She walked and talked.
She walks.
She has a comfortable income to live on.
She made her mother happy.
She made my mother take care of the baby.
She shined the knives and forks for Mother.
She rested her head on her mother's shoulder.
She hungered for a sight of her mother.
She prayed that her mother would forgive her.
She accompanied her mother as she bought.
She assisted her mother in caring for the baby.
She came in company with her mother.
She closely resembles her mother.
She is not anything like her mother.
She is as beautiful as her mother.
She is no more careful than her mother is.
She is a reflection of her mother.
She is very much like her mother.
She is in a hurry to see her mother.
She looks like her mother.
I don't think she takes after her mother.
She really takes after her mother.
She doesn't take after her mother at all.
She is always running after her mother.
She can't talk about her mother without choking up.
She was fond of going to parties, as was her mother when she was young.
She made little of her mother's advice and went out alone.
She shot a glance at her mother.
She was anxious to please her mother.
She smiled at the sight of her mother.
She cried out the moment she saw her mother.
She loved her mother dearly.
She was accompanied by her mother.
She handed the parcel to the customer.
She cut up the cloth to make bandages.
She is busy typing the reports.
She won ten million yen in the lottery.
She was tricked up in jewels.
She adorned herself with jewels.
She was captured trying to steal jewelry.
She proudly displayed her jewels.
She had to part with her jewelry box.
She will write a letter after school.
She stood in the court before judge and jury.
She put aside the sewing and stood up.
She wrote the book about people she visited.
She made herself up before her visitor arrived.
She has abundant hair.
She usually talks about her late husband.
Her hair stood on end at the sight of a ghost.
She put on her hat.
She came into the room with her hat on.
She lost her hat, but soon found it.
She had her hat blown off by the wind.
She called him back to give him something left behind.
She has a great appetite for adventure.
She is full of adventure.
She is a clerk of the trading company.
She is afraid of barking dogs.
She read his letter, with tears streaming down her cheeks.
She expanded her cheeks.
She came here all the way from Hokkaido.
She is from Hokkaido, but is now living in Tokyo.
She walked slowly away from me.
She thanked us for our help.
Whenever I meet her, she smiles at me.
She and I are of an age.
She walked side by side with me.
She showed me great kindness.
She's good to me you know.
She bowed deeply to me.
She beckoned me to come in.
She sent me a long letter.
She asked me if I knew her address.
She sang a song, smiling at me.
She showed me her room.
She must be angry with me.
She is angry with me.
She gave me a hard kick on my right leg.
She is convinced of my innocence.
She was entertained by the pictures I showed her.
She is as beautiful as any girl that I've ever known.
She complied with my request.
She is my dream girl.
She is two years younger than me.
She passed by without glancing at me.
She took me by surprise.
She calls me Kenji.
She stopped our fighting.
She cut a picture out of the book.
She spends much money on books.
She spends most of her income on books.
She was intent on her book.
She turned a page of her book.
She transferred the picture in the book to her notebook.
She mentioned my name in her book.
She has a book under her arm.
She did the book up in paper.
She is engaged in writing a book.
She is collecting material for a book.
She went on reading and didn't answer me.
She likes to read books.
She shut the book and closed her eyes.
She shared her book with her neighbor.
She showed him several books that were on the shelf.
She looks actually pretty.
She did come here.
She is really cute.
She does hate dogs.
She is just such a teacher as we all admire.
She acted like a real baby.
She is a real beauty.
She looks like her mother, I tell you.
She realized that she had better tell the truth.
She is too young to know the truth.
She's acting on instinct.
Because she takes after her younger sister, I cannot tell one from the other.
She bought a dictionary for her sister.
She's as pretty as her sister.
She had to take care of her sister.
She was overshadowed by her sister's reputation.
She deposits 10,000 yen in the bank every month.
She goes to the movies once a week.
She writes me every week.
She made a promise to write to me every week.
She spends every Saturday afternoon playing tennis.
She plays tennis every Sunday.
She used to play tennis every Sunday.
She always writes to her mother every week.
She plays golf every weekend.
Every morning she helps her mother to prepare breakfast in the kitchen.
She makes it a rule to take an hour's walk every morning.
She makes a point of drinking a glass of milk every morning.
She said that she gets up at six every morning.
She showers every morning.
She said that she takes a shower every morning.
She makes herself up every morning.
She has a bottle of milk every morning.
She said that she brushes her teeth every morning.
She gets up early every morning.
She has a bath every morning.
She takes a walk with her dog every day.
She practiced typing every day.
She is getting worse and worse every day.
She plays tennis every day.
She practices playing the violin every day.
She practiced the piano every day.
She practises the piano every day.
She prepared herself for the tennis match by practicing for hours every day.
She dusts the furniture every day.
She goes to market every day.
She is in the habit of keeping a diary every day.
She plays tennis after school every day.
She takes dinner to his house every evening.
She sleeps with two pillows.
She saved money for a rainy day.
She winked at me as much as to say she knew everything.
She suffers from a chronic malady.
She was absorbed in reading comic books.
She has never been to Hokkaido.
She is attractive.
She is attractive, but she talks too much.
She is a charming and reliable person.
I believe she is a charming girl.
She was a charming woman.
She has a magnetic personality.
She smiled a charming smile.
She laughed up her sleeve at his failure.
She was getting used to queer things happening.
She belongs to the Democratic Party.
She looks sleepy. She may have stayed up late last night.
She was only pretending to be asleep.
She retaliated against him by ignoring him.
She returned safe and sound.
She pretended innocence.
She put on an air of innocence.
You cannot count on her because she's too irresponsible.
She was absent from school without notice.
She was absent without leave.
She was forced to confess.
She could not keep her daughter from going out.
She got her daughter a personal computer.
She could not but worry about her daughter.
She made a new dress for her daughter.
She did without necessities to pay for her daughter's lessons.
She aided her daughter in dressing.
She acquainted her daughter with classical music.
She wants to marry her daughter to a doctor.
She makes a boasts of her daughter.
She gave a tea party with the intention of introducing her daughter to her friends.
She has married a nobody.
She made a good speech.
She changed her name to Ann.
She didn't give me her name.
She was unwilling to tell her name.
She comes from a good family.
She comes of a good family.
She was born in the purple.
She saved the drowning child at the risk of her own life.
She risked her life to protect her child.
She turned on the light.
She turned off the lights.
She is certainly above forty.
It's obvious that she doesn't care about us.
She is a beauty, admittedly, but she has her faults.
She is evidently sick.
Her face lit up.
She may not come here tomorrow.
She went in search of her lost child.
She searched about for her lost boy.
She seldom sings, but I think she will tonight.
She was minutely examined.
She called her husband names to his face.
She is knitting a sweater.
She had to part with her fur coat.
She doesn't like to use a writing brush.
She wrapped herself in a blanket.
She is collecting on behalf of the blind.
She went blind.
She set up an association to help blind people.
She dared to walk the tightrope without a net.
She fell from the tree.
She was sitting under a tree.
She is good at climbing up a tree.
She hung up in silence.
She went out of the room in silence and closed the door.
She kept on talking after I asked her to stop.
She woke from her slumber.
She was waving good-bye, with her eyes full of tears.
There was a look of appeal in her eyes.
She accepted his proposal, with her eyes full of tears.
She was watching TV with tears in her eyes.
She told about the accident with tears in her eyes.
She told the story with tears in her eyes.
She came in with tears in her eyes.
She rose to her feet with tears in her eyes.
She spoke with tears in her eyes.
She has attractive eyes.
She sat there silently with tears in her eyes.
She rubbed her eyes.
She kept her eyes off.
She lay on the bed with her eyes open.
When she awoke, she felt terribly cold.
She gazed with wide eyes.
She listened to me with her eyes shining.
She came running with her eyes shining.
She came in with her eyes shining.
She talked, with her eyes shining.
She looked for her ring with her eyes wide open.
She lay still with her eyes closed.
She was sitting there with her eyes closed.
She lay on a sofa with her eyes closed.
She gained her end.
She made efforts to accomplish the purpose.
She has fine features.
She is gaining in weight.
She is very fond of standing out.
She said that she would come back again, which was a lie.
She didn't have much difficulty finding out the answer to the problem.
She was afraid of the dog at the gate.
She crouched down by the gate.
She pulled her car up at the gate.
She shouldn't go out by herself at night.
She attends school at night.
She is in the habit of keeping late hours.
She is used to staying up late.
She'd spent half the night with her head down the toilet throwing up.
She doesn't like baseball very much.
She chatted with her friends about the baseball game.
She lives on vegetables and brown rice.
She was consumed with ambition.
I thought she'd be useful, but as it is, we'd be better off without her.
In about 20 minutes she made up her face.
She came an hour beyond the appointed time.
She will not stick to her word.
She failed to keep her promise.
She was faithful to her promise.
She accused him of having broken his word.
She is sincere in her promise.
She is not a woman to break her promise.
She must have forgotten the promise.
She looked dazed with the drug.
She kept all medicine away from children.
She laughed a merry laugh.
She has taken to painting in oils.
She spoke in a gentle voice.
She spoke with a soft voice.
She embraced her brother warmly.
She is graceful.
I found her graceful.
She is a brilliant scholar and is everywhere recognized as such.
She is an excellent student.
She graduated with honors.
She was brave.
She was brave and cheerful, and always made little of her troubles.
She had the courage to say it.
She held her head up bravely.
She behaved with a great courage.
She came in company with her friends.
She was laughed at by her friends.
She was deceived by a friend.
She fell in love with her friend's brother.
She made a wonderful speech at her friend's wedding reception.
She went to the door to welcome her friends.
She invited her friends to dinner.
She went off with her friends.
She doesn't have any friends.
She's loved by her friends.
She passed the test at the expense of her social life.
She is more of an acquaintance than a friend.
She took a ten-day trip to Europe with her friends.
She became reconciled with her friend.
She felt quite worn out after arguing with friends.
She accompanied her friend to the concert.
She is looked up to by her friends.
She imposes on her friends too often.
She's determined to get back at her friend for stabbing her in the back.
She asked after her friend.
She took her friend's help for granted and wasn't really grateful for it.
She is hungry for friends.
She looked for her friends but found none.
She looks as if she had seen a ghost.
She was amazed at the sight of the ghost.
She felt blue.
She fell prey to melancholy.
She sometimes goes into a mood of depression.
She majors in organic chemistry.
She took advantage of her paid vacation and went skiing.
She is an efficient and reliable assistant.
She has a job with good prospects.
She was trained as a violinist under a famous musician.
She is a noted singer.
She missed her chance to see the famous singer.
She was beside herself with joy when she met the famous singer.
She sat for a famous painter.
I hear she's a famous actress.
For all her wealth, she is not happy.
She's neither rich nor famous.
She came from a wealthy family and received a good education.
She lives in abundance.
She gave way to temptation.
She gave way to the temptation to buy the jewel.
She will be late for dinner.
She's got to get ready for dinner.
She freshened herself up before supper.
She is accustomed to doing her homework before dinner.
She had some cookies to stay her hunger until dinner.
She accepted my invitation to have dinner with me.
She is busy cooking dinner.
She started doing her homework right after dinner.
She cleared the table of the dishes after dinner.
She left the table after dinner.
She studied Japanese after dinner.
After supper, she cleared the table.
She became drowsy after supper.
She always practices the piano before dinner.
She made it a habit to take a walk before dinner.
She was so scared that she couldn't speak.
She just kept her distance from him.
She spends her leisure time making dolls.
She has taken up knitting in her spare time.
Her days are numbered.
She finished her exercises in the given time.
She is too young to go to school.
She acted the part of a fairy.
She solved the problem with ease.
I expect her to pass the examination easily.
She could solve the problem with ease.
She takes pride in her good looks.
She could divert herself from the anxieties.
She selected a blue dress from the wardrobe.
She spends much money on dresses.
She is extreme in her taste in clothes.
She has all her suits made to order.
She scarcely goes out except on business.
She is, in brief, a chatterbox.
She wrote down the name and address as requested.
She leaped for joy.
She felt like dancing.
She was seen to dance.
She succeeded in getting what she wanted.
She tried to get whatever she wanted.
It isn't likely that she will come.
She turned on her charm for everyone who was there.
She charmed everyone present.
She may not come.
I don't think that she will come.
She didn't show up.
She did come, but didn't stay long.
Whenever she comes, she brings us presents.
Will she come?
I expect to come.
I think that she will come.
She cabled us that she was coming.
You can reasonably expect her to come.
She can wait till the cows come home but he'll never come back.
She said he would be sixteen next month.
She will arrive in Tokyo at the beginning of next month.
I hear she is going to get married next month.
She goes in for the examination next month.
She may have to quit her job next month.
She leaves for Tokyo next month.
She will start her maternity leave next week.
She will give a party next week.
She is booked up all next week.
She is going to France next week.
She will make a business trip to London next week.
Will she be able to leave the hospital next week?
She will be a college student next spring.
She will be seventeen next year.
Will she go to America next year?
She'll be getting married next year.
She is going to be six next year.
She is frightened of thunder.
She maintained a calm manner.
She became more tranquil.
She tried to keep her presence of mind.
She is always critical of reckless drivers.
She bought a dozen eggs.
She hard-boiled the eggs.
She ran away with the eggs.
She boiled the eggs.
She has no thought of self.
She is a selfish person.
She was clever enough not to be deceived by him.
She is more wise than clever.
She has to study science.
She confronted the problem which seemed hard to understand.
She knows poverty only in the abstract.
She indicated her reasons to us.
She wanted to get a divorce.
She was at once frank and honest.
She frankly admitted her guilt.
She struggled to get up.
She stood up and walked to the window.
She stood looking at a boat on the river.
She has received a good education.
She was nicely dressed.
She is a slave of fashion.
She is sensitive to current fashions.
She hinted that she might study abroad.
She decided to study abroad.
She asked me to look after her baby in her absence.
She likes traveling best of all.
She returned from a trip.
She is used to traveling.
She is busy preparing for the trip.
She's gone on a trip.
She is contemplating a trip.
She provided the traveler with food and clothing.
She found the ring that she had lost during the journey.
She showed me the snaps which she had taken during her journey.
She buried her face in her hands.
She blew on her hands to warm them.
She is estranged from her parents.
She was well brought up by her parents.
She wrote to her parents at least once a week.
She married without her parents' knowledge.
She hogged her parents' love all to herself.
She went against her parent's wishes, and married the foreigner.
She has a great affection for her parents.
She is deeply attached to her parents.
She accepts criticism from anyone but her parents.
She is paralyzed in both legs.
She put her elbows on her knees.
She held her baby in her arms.
She cooks well.
She boasts that she's good at cooking.
How well she cooks!
She is a poor cook.
She is an appalling cook.
She isn't a good cook.
Cooking is her delight.
Every morning she gets up early because she has to cook.
She is used to cooking.
She made much use of milk in her cooking.
She has an encyclopedic knowledge of cooking.
She is quite ignorant of cooking.
She prides herself on her skill in cooking.
She got a slight burn on her hand while cooking.
She has a strong liking for cooking.
She's thinking of taking a couple of courses at a cooking school.
She can't tell right from wrong.
She'll make a good wife.
In addition to being a good teacher, she was a great scholar.
She thought of the fine autumn day when she had rushed home from school with the good news; she was chosen to be on the relay team.
She behaves as if she had been brought up in a good family.
She looked like a daughter of a good family.
She had a clear conscience.
She is in a green dress.
She was jealous of her neighbor's good fortune.
She is always finding fault with her neighbors.
Her tears burst forth.
She parted from her friend in tears.
She bore her grief with dry eyes.
She told her story in tears.
She is easily moved to tears.
She controlled her tears.
She could not refrain from tears.
She wiped away her tears.
She restrained tears with difficulty.
She implored mercy with tears running down her cheeks.
It appeared that she was trying to keep back tears.
She tried not to shed tears.
She shed tears.
She sang the song with tears running down her cheeks.
She answered with tears.
She was taken in by that fake gold certificate scandal and lost most of her money.
She heated up the cold soup for supper.
She is more shy than cold.
She gave me the fish eye.
She continued to talk coolly.
She didn't utter a single word of encouragement.
She has fine manners.
She majored in history.
She went to the back of the line.
She may have missed the train.
She was anxious lest she might miss the train.
She hurried to the station so as not to miss the train.
She had to stand in the train.
She couldn't stand the heat in the train.
She elbowed her way onto the train.
She's giving herself up to love.
She was disappointed in love.
She gave herself to flames of love.
Has she ever fallen in love?
She searched for her granddaughter who had been taken away.
She made a series of medical discoveries.
She took the trouble to meet her friend at the airport.
She looked after her old mother.
She provided for her old age.
She helped the old man across.
She made room for an old lady.
She helped an old man cross the road.
She led the old man into the room.
She walked with her head down like an old woman.
She shot a warm smile at the old lady.
She began lessons in piano at age 6.
She pretended to be asleep during the debate.
She looks better in Japanese clothes.
She is a bad speaker.
She went on speaking.
Her voice began to rise as she spoke.
She is extremely vulgar in her speech.
She continued her talk.
She has a habit of coughing before she speaks.
She composed herself before speaking.
She was afraid to make a speech.
She stopped talking.
She changed the subject.
She is very good at changing the subject.
She has a bag under her arm.
She had her purse snatched from her arm.
Her arms were wrapped around her knees, her chin rested on her locked hands.
She has her arm in a cast.
She got angry with the naughty boy.
She grew roses.
She has a rose in her hand.
She was brought up in the lap of luxury.
She bore her misfortunes with a brave spirit.
What souvenir do you think she would like most?
What is the Christmas gift we are giving to her?
I had left a present for her at my house.
All my advice was lost on her.
She was about to start.
She's off and running.
She broke the cup, too.
She bought the dictionary, too.
She has grown up to be a woman.
She doesn't understand me, either.
She and hers are all very well.
Is she coming, too?
"Is she coming, too?" "I hope so."
Their envy was directed toward her beauty.
They are pretty.
They dreamed they'd gain the right to vote someday.
They couldn't help being surprised at the news.
They wore identical dresses.
They bubbled over with joy.
They couldn't communicate their ideas to men.
I did not mean to disappoint her.
Don't make sport of her.
Don't make fun of her. She just chugged three bottles of beer.
I called her by the name of Cathy.
He gave her a drug to make her relax.
She shall come here.
Don't scold her; she's too young to understand.
I'm going to keep my distance from her for a while.
Let's leave her alone.
Let's put her in charge of that.
We didn't take her on as a typist.
I want to ask her out, but I don't have the courage.
There is no man but admires her.
I cannot help falling in love with her.
Who doesn't love her?
I'd take anybody apart who dared to say a word against her.
We'd better leave her alone.
We thought it wrong to leave her alone.
Don't try to keep her to yourself.
As soon as he took a look at her, he fell in love.
I invited her to go to the movies.
You've got to see her home.
She wants to move out and find a place of her own.
Defend her from danger.
I will do anything to please her.
Being anxious to please her, I bought her a nice present.
I found it difficult to please her.
Go and wake her up.
The idea of surprising her suddenly crossed my mind.
He turned pale the instant he saw her.
He saw her and blushed.
I couldn't bear to look at her.
To see her is to love her.
We have been to see her off.
I have been to the station to see her off.
I've just been to the airport to see her off.
We sent some flowers to the hospital to cheer her up.
To do her justice, she is not plain.
When did you see her last?
I was filled with frightful sorrow for her.
It's pride that drives her.
She made arrangements to get him into a good hospital.
I'm afraid all my efforts to help her will be to no purpose.
I ran the risk of losing my job to help her.
I can't help laughing at her.
We must talk her out of this foolish plan.
It's no use trying to persuade her.
It is a labor to persuade her.
I found it difficult to convince her.
There was nothing for it but to wait for her.
Need we wait for her?
Do you know her?
Who that knows her doesn't love her?
The better you get to know her, the more you'll like her.
I gave her a lift to town.
Send her in, and I will see her now.
Would you mind putting her on the phone?
It was his silence which made her angry.
They made her marry him.
I'll try her out as a secretary.
I must make sure of the fact before I blame her.
It was no use trying to take her to the hospital.
He lured her away from her husband.
He hugged her.
I tried in vain to seduce her.
Trying to tempt her, I gazed into her face.
His vain efforts to seduce her showed he was barking up the wrong tree; she was a mother of two tots.
He loves no one but her.
No one was absent except her.
Her harsh manner of speaking doesn't suit her pretty face.
She's on a roll.
She is not bad in herself.
She has a nice line in self-deprecation.
She's new fish in the pond.
The women longed to climb up the social ladder.
She's a lady of iron will.
She stands out from the rest.
She's off with the flu.
He gave himself up to her allure.
She's on the rolls.
She thanked me for the present.
Do you know when they will be back?
What they told you is not true.
The woman whom they interviewed yesterday has been given the job.
It was heroic of them to oppose the enemy.
I should never have thought they would take such a fancy to their teacher.
You must not go there with them.
I felt very sorry that I had put them to so much trouble.
They don't have an ear for music.
They led me to believe that there was no danger.
Their house is just opposite the bus stop.
Their job is to read the news clearly and carefully.
Their number is great.
Their friendship moved us deeply.
They continued eating as if nothing had happened.
They supplied the war victims with food.
They are always hard up for food.
They talked about various subjects.
They are, as it were, victims of the war.
They are what we call hot rodders.
They all agreed to a man that this statement was true.
They were shoveling the snow away.
They are at war with the country.
They have cherished the child as their own.
They climbed down the tree.
They keep numbers of sheep.
They were watching television.
They will have arrived at Morioka by noon.
They did win.
They looked down on him.
They hid themselves in the shadows.
They added a woman to the committee.
While they don't agree, they continue to be friends.
They accomplished their task without any difficulty.
They looked satisfied with the result.
They left at 5 o'clock, so they ought to be home by 6.
They did not notice minute differences.
They have finished their work.
They showed me a lot of beautiful photos.
They invited me to dinner.
Do you think they will invite us to the film showing?
They painted their house bright yellow.
They fought for freedom.
They shot the film in an actual desert.
They are in class.
They endured many difficulties.
They shed their blood for their independence.
They were separated into two groups.
They eagerly supported his new policy.
They were listening to him, not understanding what he really meant.
They gave him a chance to escape.
They usually shear sheep in spring.
They supplied the soldiers with enough food and water.
They held a special session on trade problems.
They fell in love the moment their eyes met.
They determined the date for the trip.
You ought not to make fun of them.
Both of them are very brilliant.
His own way of doing things is not popular with us.
You should put your ideas in writing.
You look sick.
He came in person.
I really like him, but not his circle of friends.
I can't conceive of living without him.
To everyone's sorrow, the poet died young.
To her sorrow, her only son left her alone.
To her sorrow, she had no one to rely on.
Sad to say, her son died young.
To my sorrow, my father cannot attend the meeting.
Sadly, my cat has gone away somewhere.
Sadly, his dream didn't come true.
I forget sad things when I fall asleep.
I'm sad.
Don't feel sad or ill at ease.
Sad memories always haunt the child.
When I'm sad, my friends encourage me.
Forget the sad affair.
The sad news took away his appetite.
The sad story moved us to tears.
You will have heard the sad news.
I was moved to tears by the tragic story.
Sad as she was, she said good-bye to him with a smile.
In her grief, she burst into tears.
I wear a sad look.
Smiling sadly, she began to talk.
Don't be sad.
His heart was pierced with grief.
Sorrow filled his breast.
I am filled with sorrow.
The grieving woman was consoled by her friends.
She was beside herself with grief.
Grief has silvered her hair.
Grief drove her mad.
Pools of sorrow, wave of joy.
Forget your sorrows.
Why should you be sad?
Do not obtrude upon her sorrow.
Pessimism believes in no improvement.
Let go of your negative outlook on life.
Now that pessimism prevails, the executive will abandon the project.
Tragedy fell over the town.
The heart of the tragedy, as of a short story, is a conflict.
The tragedy happened suddenly.
She all but wept when she heard the bad news.
Hearing the sad news, she collapsed in tears.
Didn't you hear a scream?
A scream broke the silence.
There is eloquence in screaming.
Don't be too sensitive to criticism.
Don't be so sensitive to criticism.
Critics thought little of the play.
Critics may argue that all the foregoing characterizations are very abstract.
Comparative studies now made rapid progress.
As long as a bear is relatively inactive, and is not exposed to wind, it does not burn excessive energy in cold weather.
Fatigue showed on her face.
I was too tired to care for anything but bed.
I was too exhausted to think, let alone study.
I'm tired. I just want to go on the teacup ride and take it easy.
When you feel tired, there is nothing like having a bath.
When you feel tired, there is nothing like taking a bath.
I'm tired so I think I'll turn in now.
He said he was tired, so he would go home early.
I'm feeling tired.
The tired boy is fast asleep.
You look tired. Shall I take the wheel?
Although tired, she kept on working.
Even though he was tired, he went on with his work.
Though she was tired, she kept on working.
John, being tired, went to bed early.
I was tired, so I went straight to bed.
Being tired, he went to bed earlier than usual.
Being tired, she went to bed early.
Being tired, I felt like doing nothing.
Since he was tired, he went to bed.
As I was tired, I went to bed.
I was zoned out because I was tired.
I'm too tired to walk any further.
I'm too tired to walk any more.
I was too tired to walk any farther.
Whether we were tired or not, we had to walk on.
He carried on working, regardless of whether he was tired or not.
I'm tired, but I'm going anyway.
You don't have to work so hard if you're tired.
It gone without saying, if you are tired, you should take a rest.
He must be tired.
As I was tired, I took a rest.
There is no point in studying if you are feeling tired.
Since you look tired, you had better go to bed early.
Though he was tired, he kept on working.
Even though I was tired, I went to the party.
As you are tired, you had better rest.
My legs were leaden from fatigue.
I'm getting older and tired.
Are you tired?
What with fatigue and hunger, he fell down as if he were dead.
Mr. Sato collapsed from exhaustion.
Fatigue is undermining his health.
What with fatigue and hunger, he was faint.
I'm looking for a leather shoulder bag.
The skin tightened as it dried.
It is fashionable to have leather chairs.
Ironically it is war that has brought a great many useful inventions into being.
He stared at me with a satirical smile.
My secretary is pushing for a promotion.
I had my secretary run off ten copies.
I had my secretary type the letter.
A secretarial post is open.
Has that secretarial position been filled?
The secretary is within call all the time.
The secretary asked that I hold the line until Mr Williams was free to take my call.
The secretary took dictation from her boss.
The secretary was asked to file past records.
The secretary was dismissed.
The secretary answered me shortly.
The secretary inserted the letter in the envelope.
The secretary noted down what her boss had said.
The secret leaked out.
The secret got out.
The secret seems to have leaked out.
Can you keep it a secret?
We had a secret meeting.
The cat is well out of the bag.
The secret will emerge in due course of time.
Your secret is safe with me.
Who is guilty of telling the secret?
It is the psychological moment to let the cat out of the bag.
She may spill the beans.
Make a clean breast of your secrets.
My mind is at ease believing you'll keep the secret.
Keep the secret.
Don't let the cat out of the bag.
The public servant leaked the secret and he was prosecuted for revealing a state secret.
A man who has knowledge of a secret weapon has placed himself behind the eight ball.
Fat hens lay few eggs.
Fat people generally sweat a lot.
I suffer from obesity.
Rich soil yields good crops.
The damage was held to a minimum.
The damage will cost us a lot of money.
The victims are entitled to compensation for their injuries.
Who gains by the victim's death?
The gross amount of the loss was larger than 100 million yen.
The people for the experiment were chosen at random.
Do you think the accused is really guilty of the crime?
The accused spoke equivocally and didn't want to talk turkey.
The accused is to appear before the court on Friday.
The prisoner was brought before a judge.
The defendant was sentenced to death.
The defendant will appeal to a higher court.
The accused was condemned to ten years in prison.
The defendant appealed against the sentence without hesitation.
The accused was found not guilty.
The accused was absolved from the crime.
The accused maintained his innocence.
The accused proved to be guilty.
The accused was sentenced to death.
The accused tried to justify his actions.
The accused made up a false story in the court.
The accused was acquitted on two of the charges.
We must provide food and clothes for the victims.
Relief supplies were raced to the disaster area.
Have you figured out the cost?
It's not easy to figure out the cost.
That's enough money to cover the expenses.
The breakfast is included in the charge.
I don't care about the expense.
Apart from its cost, the plan was a good one.
Though it is expensive, we'll go by air.
The budget was cut to the bone.
The cost apart, the building will take a lot of time.
The expenses are ten thousand yen per head.
The cost will run into thousands of dollars.
The expense is 10000 yen at lowest.
The cost amounted to five thousand yen.
The expense will fall on him.
The expenses average ten dollars a day.
Apart from the cost, it will take a long time to build the bridge.
Apart from the cost, it will take long to build the bridge.
We will lump together all expenses.
Another thing to avoid is to use too much praise.
The refugees struggled against hunger.
The refugees barely escaped death.
Refugees will suffer lack of food, water, medicine and all that.
I don't use birth control.
I'd like to have an intra-uterine device.
I use birth control.
I couldn't find my non-virtual address book until only a few minutes ago.
Non-smokers are rallying behind the new anti-smoking law.
We are concerned about the further actualization of current problems among youth, such as truancy, dislike of school and lack of appropriate character development.
Strong measures should be taken against wrong doers.
The irrational conversation continued.
It was such a nice joke that everybody burst out laughing.
Much to my joy, I have passed the examination.
He looks very down-at-the-heels.
A most horrible thing befell him.
Being able to smile while in great distress is not duck soup for a passionate individual.
Being very clever and gentle, this dog is a good companion to me.
The anxiety of sellers to avail of prices which look very high.
I am in deep water.
Thousands of people were deceived by the advertisement.
It was such a fine day that many children were playing in the park.
It was such a fine day that we had a very good time.
That was a very delicate situation.
He was so frightened that he ran for his life.
You must be prepared for an emergency.
In an emergency, use the stairway, not the elevator.
Call the police in an emergency.
Where's the emergency exit?
It is he who is to blame.
I had an artificial insemination by donor.
Non-violence is the first article of my faith.
Mahatma Gandhi, the apostle of nonviolence, was born in 1869.
The greater the genius, the longer it takes the world to find it out and understand it.
You shouldn't skip in reading.
Some fish fly.
I can no more predict the future than I can fly.
It is in the nature of birds to fly and build nests.
The universe on the earth is constituted of atoms.
An airplane is flying overhead.
I saw five airplanes flying away like so many birds.
The plane flew over Kate's house.
We enjoyed a grand view of the Alps from the airplane.
Seeing these islands from the airplane, we thought that they were really beautiful.
Seen from the plane, the islands were very pretty.
Small hills look flat from an airplane.
Seen from an airplane, the island looks like a big spider.
Please stay seated until the plane comes to a complete stop.
If planes are dangerous, cars are much more so.
The airplane climbed sharply.
I saw a plane.
We watched the plane until it went out of sight.
It is certain that the plane will reach there on time.
The planes arrived one after another.
One plane after another took off.
I read in the newspaper where contact with the plane had been lost.
The plane flew toward the west.
The airplane fell to the earth.
I inquired whether the plane would arrive on time.
Airplanes have taken the place of electric trains.
The plane exploded and plunged into the ocean, killing all the people on board.
The plane was about to take off when I heard a strange sound.
It's natural to be nervous when the plane takes off.
I was very nervous as the plane took off.
We'll fly there in 50 minutes.
Flying is the quickest method of travelling.
Maybe it's the low air pressure that means you get drunk more easily on planes.
How long does it take to go to Okinawa by plane?
How much will it cost you to go by air?
It will cost you more to go by plane.
Flying is the quickest way to travel.
Are you going by air or by train?
Flying enables us go to London in a day.
Have you ever traveled by plane?
There were 150 passengers on the plane.
That was the first time I had flown.
I don't want to miss my flight.
I hurried to the airport lest I should be late for the plane.
I missed my flight. Can I get on the next flight?
Mr. Sato safely boarded the plane.
This is the second time I've flown.
One of the aircraft's engines cut out.
Airplanes enable us to travel around the world in a few days.
Airplanes enable people to travel great distances rapidly.
You can travel from Osaka to Tokyo in an hour by plane.
We even heard planes.
The plane flew beyond our range of vision.
It looks like the flight was delayed.
Have you already booked our seats on a plane?
The speed of an airplane is much greater than that of a helicopter.
The plane could easily be late.
The airplane is to arrive at ten o'clock.
What's the flight's scheduled arrival time?
There was much activity around the plane.
I will confirm my plane reservation.
You don't necessarily have to go to the airport to reconfirm your plane reservation.
The plane took off easily.
The plane takes off in ten minutes.
The plane departs from Heathrow at 12:30.
The plane took off one hour behind time.
The plane flew at an altitude of 3,000 meters.
The plane will arrive at the airport thirty minutes late.
The plane came in 30 minutes late.
The plane landed at 6 o'clock to the minute.
The plane took off at seven.
The airplane arrived at 9:03 to the minute.
The plane will take off in one hour.
The plane was soon out of sight.
The plane had already left the airport.
The plane dropped bombs on the city.
The plane is just about to start.
The plane took off exactly at six.
The plane landed with a bump.
The plane is approaching New York.
The plane was blown up by hijackers.
The plane is about to take off for Paris.
The plane was on the point of taking off.
The airplane soon went out of sight.
Some people say that traveling by plane is rather economical.
The plane was approaching London.
The plane flew above the clouds.
The plane is flying above the clouds.
The plane was lost sight of in the clouds.
What time did the plane arrive at Narita?
Airplanes have made it easy to travel abroad.
An airplane touched down on the runway.
The plane buzzed the control tower.
The airplane was at the mercy of the strong wind.
The plane is due at 7 p.m.
The plane took off from Narita at 10 a.m.
The plane takes off at 8:00 a.m.
The plane flew away in the direction of Hong Kong.
Does it look like the plane will be crowded?
The plane is about to take off.
The plane will arrive at three.
The plane flew over the mountain.
The plane climbed to 4,000 feet.
Airplanes are audible long before they are visible.
I wonder if the plane will arrive on time.
The plane arrived on time.
The plane put down at Itami Airport on time.
His notion is that planes are safer than cars.
The plane went out of sight in a blink.
The airplane ascended into the clouds.
The plane landed at Narita.
The sooner you get your ticket, the cheaper the fare.
The plane increased speed.
The airplane was swallowed up in the large clouds.
The airplane flew very low.
Did the plane make up for the lost time?
The airplane skimmed the ground before it crashed.
The plane turned sharply to the right just before it crashed.
Is the plane on schedule?
The plane arrived at New York on schedule.
The plane will get in on time.
The airplane took off on time.
The plane took off at 11:00 a.m; thirty minutes later than scheduled.
The plane didn't stop at New York.
The plane flew over the island.
The plane flew east.
The plane turned eastward.
The airplane sailed over our heads.
The plane took off at 2:30.
The plane flew out of sight.
The airplane landed on my father's farm.
The airplane made a safe landing.
The plane was grounded because of the fog.
The plane took off and was soon out of sight.
The airplane was just going to take off.
The plane circled the airport twice after taking off.
The plane was about to take off.
The plane took off just now.
The airplane has robbed travel of its poetry.
The airplane has brought about a revolution in travel.
No one survived the plane crash.
Many people were killed in the plane accident.
The news of the air accident left me uneasy.
The plane crash took 200 lives.
The plane crash was only last week.
Some people say that travel by air is rather economical.
How long will the flight time be?
Scarcely had I reached the airport before I realized I had forgotten my ticket.
What does an airship look like?
An airship is lighter than air.
When Tobita gives a plan his seal of approval, the client accepts it at first glance.
Lay up for a rainy day.
It's really unbearable to see him looking so down-and-out.
Ken is the best guy to communicate with Mr. Ogata. That is, if he prepares presentation materials.
Smiles do not always indicate pleasure.
Keep on smiling.
With a smile she dried his hair with a towel.
A smile may convey understanding, joy, or an appreciation of humor.
Minute particles are hardly visible to the naked eye.
Lake Biwa came in sight.
How deep is Lake Biwa?
Lake Biwa is the largest lake in Japan.
The beautiful is not always the same as the good.
Beauty is a letter of recommendation which it is almost impossible to ignore.
Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder.
The fairest rose is at last withered.
The emotion they gave me was exquisite, but I could not preserve it, nor could I indefinitely repeat it; the most beautiful things in the world finished by boring me.
When I considered beautiful things I found that there was nothing for me to do but to gaze and admire.
What is beautiful is not always good.
Pretty flowers do not necessarily smell sweet.
No animal builds beautiful churches, plays tennis, tells jokes, writes songs or visits the moon.
That's beautiful, said John.
A fine view burst upon our sight.
A beautiful girl sat next to me.
A beautiful woman was seated one row in front of me.
It's a beautiful day.
We could not help admiring the beautiful sunset.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever.
It was a beautiful sunny day.
It seemed to me that beauty was like the summit of a mountain peak; when you had reached it there was nothing to do but to come down again.
The perception of beauty is a moral test.
Beauty is but skin deep.
Beauty is truth, truth beauty.
Some say the beauty is more important than virtue.
Mika is no less charming than Keiko.
I'm not much of a one for art.
She went to Paris in order to study art.
Many paintings hang in art museums.
Please put out your cigarettes before entering the museum.
How much money has been spent on building the museum?
Where's the museum?
Where is the bus stop for the museum?
Could you let me off in front of the museum?
The art dealer guaranteed the picture genuine.
Did you go to the art exhibition?
She wasn't beautiful, but she had big, kind brown eyes and a sweet smile.
She's also a beauty.
His beautiful wife is his pride.
He who has a fair wife needs more than two eyes.
The saleswoman queried as she wrapped the gloves.
Beautiful women die young - or so the saying goes. If so then my wife is going to live a long life.
Miyuki set the table for the party.
Miyoko carried a torch so long, I think it gave her heartburn.
Michiko talks as if she had been to the Arctic herself.
Midori sometimes drops consonants.
Virtue and vice.
Miho is a pianist.
Miho plays the piano.
Miyuki has a camera, but she doesn't like it.
Miwako, I want you to meet Kenny.
I have a stuffed-up nose.
Your nose is running.
My nose is itchy.
My nose is stuffed up.
I can't breathe through my nose.
Please breathe through your nose.
I'm afraid I have a polyp in my nose.
It's difficult to balance a ball on your nose.
Don't pick your nose.
I can't stop my nosebleed.
The mucus is greenish yellow.
My nose was very runny.
My nose is running.
I have a runny nose.
You are talking through the nose.
I have a head cold.
Shaving off your beard took ten years off you.
I got a shave and a haircut.
Lay the napkin across your lap.
Bend your knees and look in front of you.
My elbow really hurts. I guess I should go to a hospital.
Take a seat in the armchair and calm down a while.
See that all the items are arranged in a row.
Be sure to fill in the blanks from top to bottom beforehand.
See to it that all the items are arranged in a row.
I'll be there at two o'clock without fail.
Be sure to take the No.2 bus, and get off at 21st Street.
Make sure that you pick me up at five, please.
Never fail to come here by five.
Be sure to come to me by five o'clock.
By all means, you must come.
I will come by all means.
Post this card without fail.
Be sure to mail this letter.
Bitter medicine will not necessarily do you good.
Growing children should not always be handled with kid gloves.
Don't fail to call me back.
You will never fail to be moved by the sight.
Be sure to switch off the television before you go to sleep.
Please make sure that the door is locked.
Be sure to pick up some milk.
I'll do it by all means.
I'll never fail to meet your expectations.
Please be sure to come on time.
Don't forget to put your dictionary beside you.
Never fail to call me up at two o'clock.
It is inevitable that some changes will take place.
Be sure to fill out the registration form in person.
There is always a next time.
Be sure to call me up tomorrow morning.
Don't fail to return the book tomorrow.
Be sure to hand in your homework by tomorrow.
You must come without fail.
Yamashita is stuck with no way out. His well-thought-out project was rejected and the books he worked really hard on aren't selling.
I don't need it.
If need be, I will come early tomorrow morning.
I have no objection to paying a special fee if it is necessary.
Don't waste your money by buying things you don't need.
The money needed will be given at any time.
Keep as many as you need.
You may ask me any amount of money you need.
We need a square table; not a round one.
It is very important to tell the necessary from the unnecessary.
Call me any time, if necessary.
If necessary, I will come soon.
If it's necessary to do so, I'll pay back my loan now.
If necessary, the government will force estate agents to reduce land prices.
I will go with you if necessary.
I'll come if necessary.
Tom said he would draw a map for her if necessary.
He can mask his feeling if the occasion calls for it.
When it's necessary, you can come to me.
He makes necessary changes.
It is aptly said that necessity is the mother of invention.
Don't be longer than you can help.
There is more money than is needed.
Try not to spend more money than is necessary.
Do not hand over more money than is necessary to a child.
Don't carry more money than you need.
There is more water than is needed.
Please hand in the necessary papers.
I have forgotten to bring something to write with.
It is not clear what the writer is trying to say.
The present writer doesn't like such a tendency.
The princess lay with her eyes closed.
There are plenty of bridges in Himeji.
Get off at Himeji Station.
An encyclopedia is a mine of information.
Are you interested in buying an encyclopedia?
The lilies have been beaten down by the rain.
Yuri often went to London in those days.
He died within a few days of his hundredth birthday.
Few people live to be 100 years old.
Few people live to be more than a hundred.
A hundred years is called a century.
It will be all the same a hundred years hence.
More than a million old people are sick in bed.
In high altitudes, people find it hard to breathe.
The sign says "Exit."
The sign indicates the location of the escalator.
How many samples?
There's no ice, and in any case it's too cold today for iced tea.
It is hard to keep our balance on icy streets.
When water freezes and becomes solid, we call it ice.
Because the ice became soft, we had to call off the ice-skating party.
The ice is too thin to skate on.
The ice is melting.
The ice has melted.
When ice melts, it becomes liquid.
When ice melts, it becomes water.
Put an icepack on your cheek.
May I have an ice bag?
He jumped into the river in defiance of the icy water.
An icy chill stole into the car.
It was mad of him to try to swim in the icy water.
What is the temperature of the ice?
The ice is two inches thick.
The ice was so thick as to walk on.
Ice turns back into water when it melts.
The ice is not thick enough to hold our weight.
Will the ice bear our weight?
The ice has melted in the sun.
Ice melts in the sun.
Would you like ice?
The ice is so thin that it won't bear your weight.
The ice may drift considerable distances each day.
Ice melts into water.
Don't be cold as ice.
I want it with plenty of ice.
Will you send up a bucket of ice?
If you heat ice, it melts.
Icebergs had been grounded on the beach.
It's the tip of the iceberg.
The part of an iceberg under the water is much larger than that above the water.
As long as it doesn't freeze!
Please bring an ice bag.
I just got a great job because of an introduction from a friend. Sometimes things happen when you least expect it.
Heads I win, tails you win.
Heads or tails?
Don't go outside. It's raining hard.
Once you get the hang of it, spreadsheet software is really useful.
Judging from his expression, he's in a bad mood.
His face cleared.
I'd like a room in the front.
Only the tip of an iceberg shows above the water.
There are so many fine scratches and dents on its surface, it's no use polishing it.
On the surface the book consists mostly of a series of case histories.
Somebody who wavers between hope and fear over superficial things should not be appointed to a management position.
There are a number of superficial reasons.
We will evaluate them and send you the results of our findings as soon as we can.
The verdict is a tribute to their fairness.
Judging from all reports, she seems to be right for the job.
Live up to one's reputation.
Reputation is what you seem; character is what you are.
Critics are just crying wolf about protectionism.
Critics are coming down hard on tightened economic restrictions.
The critic considered every aspect of the defense program.
A leopard cannot change his spots.
He dreaded having to spend Christmas in hospital.
They took a sample of my blood at the hospital.
To compensate for his unpleasant experiences in the hospital, Tom drank a little more than was good for him.
He was all but dead when taken to the hospital.
It is no wonder that some people feel anxiety at the thought of walking into a hospital.
Hospital doctors don't go out very often as their work takes up all their time.
What's that building at the back of the hospital?
Has the sick child improved any?
Please follow the treatment given by the hospital.
The babies in the hospital have grown up.
The hospital is near here.
The hospital was far away from his village.
Hospitals are very expensive.
I'll accompany you to the hospital.
Please take me to the hospital.
It is no less than ten miles to the hospital.
Will you drive me to the hospital?
Where is the hospital shop?
The disease sheared him of his physical strength.
Sick as he was, he went to school.
Being ill, I stayed at home all day long.
I didn't go to the party because I was sick.
Oh, I was ill.
I've heard you've been sick.
He seemed to be ill.
Whether sick or well, she is always cheerful.
Are you sick? You look pale.
If he is not ill, he will come.
Illness prevented me from attending the party.
Illness frustrated his plans for the trip.
He's sick and was hospitalized.
As I am ill, I will not join you.
I can't sit for the examination because I am ill.
One month after he had become ill, he died.
It is not until you get sick that you realize the value of good health.
You do not realize how important health is until you get sick.
We take health for granted until illness intervenes.
Illness prevented me from taking a trip.
Mr Smith's class was called off because he was sick.
Illness prevented me from going abroad.
Illness forced him to give up school.
Because of his illness, he was forced to put off the meeting.
Sickness prevented him from going out.
Illness prevented me from calling on you.
Illness prevented Jane from going to school.
On account of ill health the writer couldn't go through with the work.
Illness kept me from attending the meeting.
Because he was ill, he could not go to the party.
Illness prevented Jim from attending the meeting.
I couldn't attend the party on account of illness.
Illness kept me from going there.
Illness prevented me from going to the party.
Illness prevented me from going out.
His illness disappointed all his hopes.
Illness prevented him from attending the meeting.
Owing to illness, he could not come with us.
Illness made him give up his studies.
Illness prevented her from attending the party.
She was unable to come because of illness.
Illness prevented her from taking a trip.
On account of illness, I couldn't call on you today.
Illness cut short his vacation.
My illness kept me from starting.
Illness prevented me from coming to school.
Illness prevented me from going to his concert.
Because of illness, he was obliged to give up smoking.
His sickness made it impossible for him to continue his study.
She was absent on the ground of illness.
During his illness, he fell away horribly.
We could not bear to listen to the sick child's pathetic cries.
The sick child sat up in bed.
Sachiko always said: "You'd better set some money aside in case you get sick."
It was very kind of you to visit me when I was ill.
The sick boy is in a critical condition.
I'd made up some story about having to go home to see my sick mother.
Illness often results from drinking too much.
The disease is still in the primary stage.
Sickness often results from eating too much.
Sickness empties the wallet.
Disease is a threat to human beings.
Illness usually has a variety of causes, not just one.
What should we do with people who are very sick or hurt and can't get better?
He did not come on the pretext of sickness.
It is the business of doctors cure disease.
Are we able to prevent disease?
When one is sick, visitors can be rather annoying.
Her courage during her illness is an inspiration to us all.
She was only a shadow of her former self after her illness.
Make sure that the sick are properly attended.
Make sure that the sick are properly cared for.
What does it feel like to be a patient?
It was heartless of him to say such a thing to the sick man.
The life of the patient hangs in the balance.
I cooled the patient's head with ice.
The condition of the patient is on the turn.
The patient finally conquered his illness.
The patient is holding his own.
The patient is now out of danger.
The patient is now safe.
The patient has been attended carefully by a nurse.
The sick person was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance.
The patient moved his lips slightly.
The patient breathed his last.
Sick people tend to be pessimistic.
Please attach a certificate of quality.
When goods are scarce, sellers have the advantage.
I will notify you of the arrival of the goods.
The goods were sent out yesterday.
The goods arrived yesterday.
The article will be sent cash on delivery.
The goods arrived in good condition.
I enjoy walks and talks on the beach.
The sand on the beach was white.
The beach is swarming with people.
What about the family of the dying patient?
My heart ached for the dying birds.
You should never look down upon a man merely because he is poor.
Don't look down on him merely because he is poor.
You must not despise someone because they are poor.
You shouldn't look down on a person for being poor.
Don't look down on a man because he is poor.
Don't despise a man because he is poor.
There is no disgrace in being poor.
I don't think being poor is anything to be ashamed of.
Don't look down on others because they are poor.
Poverty deprived the boy of education.
You don't know what it is to be poor.
Never look down on a man merely because he is poor.
Though she is poor, she is happy.
Being poor, he can't buy it.
Born in a poor family, he is anxious for wealth.
His poor educational background was not a bar to his advancement.
Don't despise a man because he is poorly dressed.
It is said that the poor are not always unhappy.
You should not look down upon the poor.
You should not fool with poor people.
Don't look down on poor people.
Don't look down on the poor.
Don't make a fool of the poor.
The poor are not always unhappy.
A humble-looking old man was presented to the king.
Poor as he was, he did not borrow money from others.
What if I am poor?
I would buy the car, but I am poor.
Poor as he was, he would not receive the money.
Illness often results from poverty.
Poverty prevented him from continuing his studies.
I collapsed from anemia.
I'm anemic.
Poverty had taught him to stand on his own feet.
Poverty sometimes drives people to commit crimes.
Poverty often engenders crime.
Poverty is still the major cause of crime.
Poverty keeps together more homes than it breaks up.
Want is the mother of industry.
Poverty is not a bar to happiness.
You must not despise a man because he is poorly dressed.
I don't want to be left holding the bag.
When a man becomes poor, the beggar in him will come out.
Don't look down on them just because they are poor.
Don't despise others because they are poor.
Though he is very poor, he is above telling a lie.
Don't be ashamed of being poor.
I'm not ashamed that I am poor.
It was the poor who died youngest.
We must provide food and clothes for the poor.
You say "poor", but there are many degrees of poverty.
Poverty prevented him from attending school.
Poverty is, in a sense, a blessing.
Poverty is a pain, but no disgrace.
Poverty is alien to her nature.
Poor men have no leisure.
You don't have to beat your way.
They love to give parties all the time.
Do it in haste but with care.
There is a little milk in the bottle.
Fill the bottle to the top so as to exclude all air.
The bottle smashed to pieces.
We had a good many anxious moments, but everything turned out all right in the end.
A shadow of anxiety swept across her face.
Taken by surprise, I could not speak a word.
Taken by surprise, I was at a loss for what to answer.
Taken by surprise, I couldn't think of anything to say.
I was thrown off guard.
It was unfortunate that he lost his passport.
Unfortunately, he got his leg broken in the accident.
Apart from being unlucky enough to get ALS, I have been fortunate in almost every other respect.
Unfortunately, Brian met with bad weather.
Unfortunately the guide went wrong.
You can't get blood out of a stone.
It's all but impossible.
The inactive child is far more inclined to live in a world of fantasy.
I'm afraid I'm frigid.
The clumsy man envied her unusual talent.
My business is at a standstill because of the recession.
Depression is a period marked by slackening of business activity, widespread unemployment, falling prices, and wages, etc.
Corporate results deteriorated because of recession.
He said I was his archenemy. How did we arrive at a situation like this?
Even though we're supposedly in a recession, people are traveling abroad in record numbers this Golden Week holiday.
In spite of the depression, the prices of commodities are still high.
After a slow summer season, business began to pick up.
We're in store for a recession.
The unemployment rate went up to 5% because of the recession.
Filth breeds illnesses.
It is better to do well than to say well.
Actions speak louder than words. Stop complaining and do it.
My way is action not words.
It's not fair! I have to do the hard work!
A misfortune befell him.
You should try to forget your unhappy past.
He divorced her after years of unhappiness.
Unfortunately, few passengers survived the catastrophe.
Unfortunately, the food supplies gave out before the end of winter.
Unfortunately she only had five dollars with her.
The misery was too much for the readers to keep back their tears.
Misfortunes seldom come singly.
Let it be on your head!
Misfortunes always come in threes.
Misfortune never come single.
The bad harvest caused massive food shortages.
Drought was credited with the poor crop.
Strange to say, he did pass the exam after all.
Strangely enough, he failed.
The marvel is that he knew it.
The strange feeling came back.
Strangely, I seldom see her.
We happened to meet again through a strange coincidence.
Strange to say, the teacher didn't scold me.
Strange to say, his prediction has come true.
Strange as it may seem, nobody was injured in the fire.
You should be prepared for emergencies.
Save money for a rainy day.
Impure drinking water can be a carrier of diseases.
If you see a suspicious person, please inform the police.
I have an irregular pulse.
There should be a law against computer hacking.
You must speak out against injustice.
Cry out against injustice!
If you cheat, you run the chance of getting arrested.
He was dismissed by the company for a misconduct.
I allow for the unexpected.
He made up the deficit with a loan.
Carelessness often results in accidents.
Carelessness can lead to a serious accident.
Carelessness often causes accidents.
Careless driving causes accidents.
A careless man often makes mistakes.
A careless person is apt to make mistakes.
Carelessness was looked on as a serious defect.
There's no hope at this moment that the closed section will be reopened.
We're deeply sorry for the inappropriate remark earlier.
By opening my mouth at the wrong time, I'm always putting myself and my pals behind the eight ball.
I agree with the opinion that real estate is overpriced.
The price of real estate has been rising abnormally in Japan.
The real estate industry is in a serious slump, and industry people say the worst is yet to come.
Real estate agencies have many independent brokers.
Tokyo landlords are in a panic because the real estate market went soft.
I had a tubal ligation.
I'm sterile.
I've become impotent.
I was condemned for my disobedience.
We have nothing to complain of.
It does not become you to complain.
There is no cause for complaint.
It is no use complaining.
No medicine can cure a man of discontent.
He puts on a show of being impartial and unbiased, but I think he's just a guy with no opinion of his own.
Some people took hostile attitudes toward the illegal aliens.
Discontent abounds in the world.
I've no complaints. As far as I'm concerned, everything is just perfect.
I can't sleep at night.
I would rather be killed than live in disgrace.
Thoughtless speech may give rise to great mischief.
Don't spill the beans.
The delinquents knocked him down and stole his wallet.
I am afraid it is a reject.
May I go with you?
I don't mean to be antisocial, but I'm tired.
Please blow your nose prior to seeing me.
A good husband makes a good wife.
My husband sends his best regards to you.
If only her husband helped her, most of her problems at home would disappear.
When her husband died, she felt like committing suicide.
Her heart broke when her husband died.
She wanted for nothing as long as her husband lived.
She flared up at the sight of her husband walking with another woman.
After her husband died, her baby was all in all to her.
A lady, whose husband is a famous scientist, came over from the other side.
Compared with her husband, she is not so careful.
When my husband died, I had a lot of difficulties keeping my chin up.
A woman whose husband is dead is called a widow.
Her husband's death has tried her severely.
It is high time we reconstructed new family relationships and formed a comfortable life.
Her husband's health is very precious to her.
After her husband's death, she brought up the four children by herself.
After her husband's death, she brought up the two children all by herself.
She has lived alone ever since her husband died.
After my husband's death I walked around like a zombie.
She took over the business after her husband died.
My husband earns $100,000 a year.
She said that her husband hit her, but in fact it was the other way around.
My husband is always reading in bed.
My husband enjoys his glass once in a while.
It won't be long before my husband comes back.
Men make houses, women make homes.
My husband is in high spirits today.
In contrast to her, her husband didn't seem to be enjoying the shopping.
My husband was called away on business.
My husband is better able to cook than I.
The husband accommodated his plan to his wife's.
My husband is out of work and looking for a job.
My husband has his breakfast while reading the newspaper.
Her husband demanded that she tell him the whole truth.
My husband is indifferent to his clothes.
The widowed mother had to go through a lot of hardships.
A woman whose husband has died is a widow.
She has gone to the bad since she lost her husband.
The couple transformed chemistry into a modern science.
The couple put their house on the market.
It is quite natural the couple should love each other.
No one in his right mind wants anything to do with a domestic quarrel.
Married couples can apply for the post.
The couple quarreled, but soon made up.
The couple decided to adopt an orphan.
Husbands and wives should stand by each other throughout their lives.
The couple separated, never to see each other again.
The relationship between husband and wife should be based on love.
It's so nice to be by ourselves.
There are many careers open to women.
You must take off your hats in the presence of ladies.
The lady tolerated the man.
She smiled at me with friendly brown eyes.
The constitution was amended so that women could vote.
Where is the ladies' room?
Can I speak to the head nurse?
Despite his riches, he's not contented.
Despite all his wealth, he is stingy.
Do you want to buy the position with your wealth?
For all his wealth and fame, he is a lonely man.
Riches have wings.
They argue that the distribution of wealth should be equitable.
Wealth, as such, does not bring happiness.
Wealth, as such, does not matter much.
Wisdom is better than gold or silver.
Wealth may be a factor of happiness.
Wealth does not always bring us happiness.
The rich grow richer and the poor grow poorer.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of God.
A mirage sometimes shows up in Toyama Bay.
I had a marvelous view of Mt. Fuji.
I will have climbed Mt. Fuji four times if I climb it again.
How high is Mt. Fuji?
The top of Mt. Fuji is covered with snow.
A snow-clad Mt. Fuji is fabulously beautiful.
The top of Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
Mt. Fuji is 3776 meters high.
Mt. Fuji is not as high as Mt. Everest.
Mt. Fuji was very fantastic.
Mt. Fuji is known to everyone.
Mt. Fuji was above the clouds.
Mt. Fuji is noted for its beautiful shape.
I can't picture what Mt. Fuji looks like in the spring.
Mt. Fuji was covered with snow.
Mt. Fuji soars heavenward.
Mt. Fuji is covered with snow in winter.
Mt. Fuji is the most famous mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is the highest mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is higher than any other mountain in Japan.
Mt. Fuji is about four times as high as Mt. Rokko.
No other mountain in Japan is as high as Mt. Fuji.
Tomiko guessed my weight.
The cloth was dyed bright red.
Cut the cloth in a diagonal direction.
Futons are our bedding.
Fold up your bedding.
My futon was peeled away.
Prefectures are governmental divisions of France and Japan.
Because I was scared.
I was terribly frightened.
Do you require a security deposit?
Let's shake the rug.
Rugs absorb sound.
That gentleman usually wears a hat.
My friend usually helps my son with his studies.
I left home later than usual, but fortunately I was in time for the train.
As a rule, I don't drink coffee.
We usually modify our views in college.
Would you like regular prints?
An average American child, by all accounts, falls in love with TV.
The average nurse is entitled to three weeks' holiday a year.
The average man fails not because he lacks ability, but because he lacks ability to concentrate.
Though it is true that every normal human being is able to use language, it is misleading to compare this with his ability to eat, sleep, or walk.
A person with average intelligence would understand that.
As a rule, it doesn't snow much here.
The host usually carves the roast at the table.
I generally have lunch there.
I usually take size eight shoes.
I'd like to rent a regular car.
The local train is less comfortable than the express train.
Now it rises, now it sinks.
His romance was the talk of the town.
No one is free from worldly cares.
The tramp gobbled down the Thanksgiving dinner served at the church.
My father has five brothers and sisters.
I don't know when my father will come back.
My father's death from cancer challenged me to take up research on it.
I lost the watch Father had given me.
My father is dropping me off at the airport along the way.
Would that my father had lived longer.
My father gives you his regards.
A computer game was given to me by my father.
There's no reason why I should become a physician because my father is one.
Father came home.
My father is paying back a huge loan on our home.
I helped my father water the flowers.
I don't think my father is willing to lend us the car.
My father will support me financially.
Now that Father is gone, we can talk freely.
Ten years have gone by since my father died.
It is three years since my father died.
Five years have gone by since my father died.
It is ten years since my father died.
The death of his father filled him with sorrow.
My father made me a nice lunch.
This is one thing my father left to me.
My father stood guarantee for my debts.
My father has made me what I am.
Father has lost his job, and what's worse, Mother has fallen ill.
My father has been out of work for a year.
My father will help me.
My father was about to leave when the telephone rang.
I hear my father was as old as I am now when he came up to Tokyo.
Since our father is bedridden, we take turns looking after him.
The house where my father was born is just around the corner.
If my father had not been killed in the war, he would be over sixty years old now.
My father told me about his experiences during the war.
My father bought some CDs for my birthday.
My father being sick, I had to stay home.
Father suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor.
As our father got ill, we had to live on a small income.
It has been ten years since my father passed away.
My father has been dead for three years.
My plan to study abroad went by the board when my father died.
Father is busy, so I will go instead.
My father repaired my old watch.
Father vouched for his friend.
What were you doing, Dad?
The father was angry with his son for doing such a silly thing.
Where did dad go?
Do you think Dad will change his mind?
I feel uneasy in my father's presence.
He seems not to be aware of the conflict between my father and me.
Father and I go fishing once in a while.
My father and I played tennis on Sunday.
My family consists of my father, mother, and sister.
My father and mother were sitting under a tree.
My father and sister are carpenters.
I discussed it with my father and decided to change my job.
It's hard for my father to give up drinking.
I gave it up after my father had given me a good scolding.
My father's work is to buy wool.
My father's car is new.
My father's little library consisted chiefly of books on polemic divinity, most of which I read.
My father's company is on the verge of bankruptcy.
But God the only begotten Son, who is at the Father's side, has made him known.
Put it on my father's account.
I was beside myself when I heard the news of my father's sudden death.
I have been to the airport to see my father off.
My father's factory turns out 30,000 cars each month.
The property left him by his father enables him to live in comfort.
The shock of her father's death lingered on and she didn't feel like going out at all.
He took charge of the firm after his father's death.
He was the only recourse for his family after his father's death.
After his father died, he had to study by himself.
My father's car is made in Italy.
My father's hobby is growing roses.
It was then that my father's reproof had come home to me.
My father's success counts for nothing to me.
My father's birthday falls on Sunday this year.
My father's head has turned gray.
Father's hair has turned gray.
The office where my father works is near the station.
My father's hair has grown white.
My father's hair has become streaked with gray.
It was then that my fathers reproof had come home to me.
My father's condition seems to improve one moment, but the next moment he sinks again.
Father had his lawyer draw up his will.
My father has gone to America.
My father has gone out to buy postcard.
Father often tells me to keep things clean.
My father does not like the heat of summer.
My father works for the company as an engineer.
My father, who is now working in America, wrote us a letter last week.
My father was, I think, a little drunk then.
My father is proud of my being handsome.
My father is proud of me being tall and handsome.
Father bought me a bicycle.
My father used to say that time is money.
My father believed that anyone who could not make a living in Japan was lazy.
My father is usually at home on Sundays.
My father is busy getting ready for his trip.
Father used to say that time is money.
His father had asked the question the year he was fourteen.
My father went to sea at fifteen.
Father will be back in a few days.
My father passed away two years ago.
My father was completely bald by the time he was forty.
My father is 48, but he looks young for his age.
My father died at the age of forty-nine.
My father achieved that and more in four words, which made quoting Shakespeare as effective as any business adviser could wish.
Father has 500 volumes.
My father finally learned to drive when he was fifty.
My father is in his fifties.
My father is arriving at the station at five.
My father will retire at the age of sixty.
My father retired at the age of 65.
Father got back from the office at six.
At seventy, my father is still very active.
My father will come home at seven.
Father seldom comes home before eight.
My father came home at nine.
My father is as busy as ever.
Father will be at home tomorrow.
My father does not eat much fruit.
My father is too busy to take a walk.
Father makes sure that all the lights are off before he goes to bed.
Father always has the tailor make his suits.
Father always says, "Do your best."
My father always speaks in a very loud voice.
My father always said that heaven helps those who help themselves.
My father does not always walk to work.
My father is always cool.
Father bought me the latest model motorcycle.
My father has been to Australia twice.
My father is far from artistic.
Daddy loves to say funny things.
Father named me after his aunt.
Father ran short of money and had to borrow some.
My father is exact in money matters.
My father sent for the family doctor.
My father is sweeping the garage.
My father ought to have had an operation for cancer.
My father caught three fish yesterday.
My father suggested that we should go camping.
My father had once been in Greece.
My dad bought a model plane for me for Christmas.
My father brought me here by car.
My father used to eat at this restaurant.
Father established his business 40 years ago.
My father has been doing this job for twenty years.
My father does play golf, but not well.
My father used to write letters that quoted from Shakespeare.
My father often takes me to baseball games.
Father scolded Junko for coming home so late.
My father is always getting angry.
My father is much better. He will be up and about in a week.
My father made a long tear in his sleeve.
Father was crazy about the game.
My father slept through the movie.
Father put up the house for sale.
My father has something to do with that firm.
My father holds the major interest in the corporation.
My father was satisfied with the result.
My father must do the work.
My father would often read the poem aloud.
Father showed him into the study.
Father manages the store.
My father played golf on the Sunday morning.
Dad extended his legs on the sofa.
Father does not eat much fruit.
My father usually comes home at seven.
Father mostly plays golf on Sunday.
My father is a heavy smoker.
My father cannot go without coffee even for a day.
My father came home just now.
Father gave up cigarettes.
My father smokes.
My father lectured me for smoking.
My father has just come home.
My father has just come out of the bath.
My father is busy just now.
My father went out just now.
My father urged me to go with him.
Father took his place at the head of the table.
Father took his place at the head of the table and began to say grace.
Father took his place at head of the table.
My father often falls asleep while watching TV.
Father translated the German letter into Japanese.
Father sometimes helps me with my homework.
My father is getting along very well.
My father, who is very busy, has no time to read books.
Father told us a very interesting story.
My father is going to make a trip to New York.
My father cut wood with a saw.
My father graduated from Harvard University.
My father was always missing buses.
Father had his wallet picked in the bus.
My father is proud of being handsome.
My father plays the piano and so does my mother.
My father is a businessman.
My father usually goes to his office by bus.
Father usually comes home at eight.
Father translated the French document into Japanese.
My father allowed me to go to the concert.
My father would not permit me to go on to college.
Father is still in bed.
My father is still ill in bed.
Dad looked at Mom shyly.
My father will soon be forty years old.
My father will get well soon.
My father seldom smokes.
My father rarely goes to extremes.
Father resigned from his position for a better one.
Father will come back from Germany before long.
My father often told us about his school days.
My father often goes fishing in the river nearby.
My father often washes the dishes.
Father used to tell us not to envy others.
My father often goes to Paris on business.
Father roared at me in anger.
My father used to go to work by bus.
My father used to smoke, but now he doesn't.
My father used to drink beer, but now he drinks sake.
The doctor advised my father to cut down on smoking.
My father is a doctor, and I'm going to be one, too.
My father has never been abroad.
Father goes to his office in Shinjuku every other day.
My father smokes a pack of cigarettes a day.
Father can swim, but Mother cannot.
My father can speak English well.
My father taught me the nuts and bolts of gardening.
My father gave up smoking.
My father doesn't lift a finger at home.
My father is in.
My father has bought land with a view to building a house.
Father made our living room more spacious.
Dad goes fishing whenever he's free.
Father would often read detective stories in his spare time.
My father carried on singing.
Father is watering flowers.
My father goes to his office by train.
Father takes the 7:00 subway to work.
My father fixed a broken chair.
Father kept in touch with us by mail and telephone while he was overseas.
My father is now traveling abroad.
My father was in the navy.
My father insisted on our waiting for the train.
My father is out. Shall I tell him to call you back?
My father is out.
My father usually wears a hat when he goes out.
My father usually wears a hat when he goes out for the night.
Father was generous enough to indulge my every whim.
Far from being pleased, my father is very angry.
My father is good with tools and does almost all the repair.
My father has already given up smoking and drinking.
My father has just returned from abroad.
My father works at the factory as an engineer.
Father went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests.
My father struggled with the robber.
Father is in his office.
Father decided to stop smoking.
Father will never approve of my marriage.
Father never hits me on the head.
My father supplies me with my school expenses every month.
Father has given up smoking for his health.
My father exercises every day for his health.
Father recovered his health.
My father is not as old as he looks.
My father is in good health.
My father is interested in ancient history.
My father is to arrive in Honolulu at 4:30 p.m.
Father goes in for the game of Go.
My father complained about the traffic noise.
My father works for a factory.
My father teaches English at a high school.
My father is out in the garden now.
Father has just come home.
Father has never gotten sick in his life.
My father may be at home now.
Father is now busy writing a letter.
My father was late for work this morning because of a traffic jam.
Father reached his office later than usual this morning.
My father is leaving for the United States next Thursday.
Father suggested to go to the movies this afternoon.
My father is in the hospital now.
My father is now at work at the hospital.
Father is away now.
My father is to appear on TV tonight.
My father has given up smoking recently.
Father has recently come back to Japan.
My father took out his wallet and gave me ten dollars.
Father absented himself from work yesterday.
Father was sent to the hospital yesterday.
My father died a peaceful death last night.
My father took me to a movie last night.
My father got home late last night.
My father died when the cherry blossoms were at their best.
Father never goes out with an umbrella without leaving it somewhere.
My father is to go to London on business.
My father sometimes goes to Australia on business.
My father wants an efficient assistant to help him.
My father died when I was seven years old.
My father disapproved of my going to the concert.
My father doesn't allow me to go out with Bill.
My father allowed me to go swimming.
My father consented to my going abroad.
Father helped me lift the table in the living room.
My father said that I must work hard.
Father objected to my going to the mountain alone.
My father seemed to be disappointed I hadn't passed the examination.
My father scolded me for not being punctual.
Father doesn't allow me to drive.
Father let me drive his car.
My father died before I was born.
Father spoke about how important school will be for finding a job when I am older.
My father cut down on salty food as I had advised.
My father hates my reading a newspaper at breakfast.
My father didn't allow me to marry him.
Father went red with anger when I behaved rudely towards him.
My father forbids me to go out at night.
My father was deaf to our opinions.
My father objected to our marriage.
My father is the tallest of us all.
My father took us to the zoo.
My father asked me who had visited him the day before.
My father gave me as much as 100 dollars.
My father never gave me much advice.
Father told me always to be brave and cheerful.
Father bought me a camera.
My father bought this hat for me.
My father asked me if I could get along with the Jones family.
Father bought me the book.
Father asked me to open the door.
My father told me where to go.
Father bought me a motorcycle.
My father is very strict with me.
My father encouraged me to study the piano.
My father doesn't allow me to go to the movies alone.
Father bought me a word processor.
Father bought me a pair of gloves.
Father told me to reform myself.
My father wants me to be an engineer.
My father gave me a watch, but I lost it.
My father bought me a watch, which I don't like very much.
Father got me to wash his car.
My father made me wash the car.
Father told me to wash the car.
My father told me not to read books in bed.
Father built me a new house.
Father bought me a new bicycle.
My father gave me a new fountain pen.
Father made me a model of a ship.
My father asked me to open the window.
My father left me a large fortune.
My father advised me not to be lazy.
My father made a shelf for me.
My father set me the task of weeding the garden.
Father bought me some books.
My father charged me with the duty of taking care of my sister.
Father bought me a model plane.
Father named me Kazunari.
My father didn't allow me to study in the USA.
My father is very angry with me.
My father reproached me for my rudeness.
My father is repairing my broken bicycle.
My father chose not to disturb my optimism.
Father was tormented by my silly question.
Father is anxious about my health.
Father laid his hand on my shoulder.
Father often helps me with my homework.
Father consented to my leaving school.
My brother was the apple of my father's eye.
My father helped me study.
My father caught me by the arm.
My father had far bigger ambitions than I.
My father intends that I should become an engineer.
Father wants to make me a doctor.
My father trained me not as a man or a woman, but as a performer.
My father said he would reserve a day to take me to the zoo.
My father wants to make a lawyer of me.
My father insisted that we should go.
For fear of an accident, my father doesn't drive.
My father can be terribly childish, but he means well.
My father is economical of his time.
Father sometimes took me to his office.
My father drives very well.
My father likes his job.
My father polished his car till it shone.
Father is proud of his car.
My father is very particular about the way his hair is cut.
My father is in his room.
My father always discusses his problems with my mother.
Father won first prize in the photo contest and was in high spirits.
My father was promoted to president.
Father drives to work.
My father boasts of the fact that he has never had a traffic accident.
My father converted a garage into a study.
My father could swim well when he was young.
My father couldn't afford a car, when he was young.
My father must have been handsome in his youth.
My father retired to make way for younger people.
Father gestured to me to leave the room.
Father is busy writing letters.
My father has been in good shape since his operation.
Father is going to undergo an operation.
My father neither drinks nor smokes.
Father stopped drinking.
My father will come home at the end of this week.
My father is an expert surgeon.
Father is out, but Mother is at home.
My father is getting better by degrees.
My father often goes to America on business.
My father often goes abroad on business.
My father went to Hong Kong on business.
My father is absent on business.
My father is a bit old-fashioned.
My father is a good speaker of English.
My father drinks no spirits.
My father will often read the newspaper during meals.
Father used to read me books in bed.
My father has bought a new car.
Father ran through the paper.
My father retired from his job several years ago.
Father is trying to figure out his tax.
My father used to be a strong man.
Father is well as usual.
Father made a long tear in his sleeve.
My father is very tired.
My father bought me a camera for my birthday.
My father bought me a digital watch for birthday present.
My father gave me a watch for my birthday.
My father has gone to China.
My father stopped reading to have lunch.
Father reads the newspaper, eating his breakfast.
My father never takes a long rest.
Father enjoyed a long life.
Father has gone fishing.
My father put a fence around the garden.
My father studies astronomy, or the science of stars.
My father lives in the country.
Father makes sure that the light is off.
My father works for a power company.
Father gave an angry look at me.
My father makes it a rule to get up at six, even in winter.
My father lives and works in Tokyo.
My father is absent in Tokyo.
My father is getting bald.
My father is not always free on Sunday.
My father does nothing but watch TV on Sundays.
Father visited my uncle in hospital.
My father says he failed in the entrance examination twice.
My father likes strong coffee.
My father is tall.
My father is proud of being tall and handsome.
My father died of lung cancer.
My father is becoming gray.
Her father didn't allow her to go to the cinema alone.
My father doesn't approve of her.
My father uses an old dictionary whose cover has come off.
My father got well again.
Being sick in bed, my father can't see you.
Father is away from home.
My father worked hard night and day.
My father usually drinks beer, but this evening he drank wine.
My father usually leaves home while I am in bed.
My father usually watches television after dinner.
I found my father neither in his room nor in the garden.
My father owns a small business in Fukuoka.
My father is always forgetting things.
My father grows rice.
Father is busy putting up a wall.
Dad painted the walls white.
Father gives Mother all his salary.
My father loved me no less passionately than my mother.
Father embraced Mother lovingly.
My father is two years younger than my mother is.
My father loves my mother.
My father is engaged in foreign trade.
My father won't allow me to keep a dog.
Father wants me to study abroad while I am young.
My father had me change a tire on his car.
Father is busy looking over my homework.
My father has a ranch and breeds cattle and horses.
My father is not really in favor of our marriage, because John still has no job.
My father banks part of his salary every week.
My father plays golf every Sunday.
My father plays tennis every Sunday.
My father makes it a rule to take a walk every morning.
My father goes jogging every morning.
Father takes a bus to his office.
My father takes a walk every morning.
Father takes a walk every day.
Father keeps a diary every day.
Father went to Detroit to work every year.
Father got the drink for nothing.
He persuaded his daughter into going to the party with him.
My father has lived in Nagoya for 30 years.
My father has lived in Nagoya for more than fifteen years.
My father is expecting you to phone him tomorrow.
Father is coming home tomorrow.
My father rarely, if ever, goes out on Sundays.
My father put a ladder against the tree.
My father has the same car as Mr Kimura's.
My father sat deep in meditation with his eyes closed.
Father set the alarm for six o'clock.
Father comes home from work about nine in the evening.
My dad is accustomed to jogging at night.
Father came home about ten minutes ago.
My father gets along with his friends.
My father painted the mailbox red.
My father sat reading the evening paper.
Dad stretched after dinner.
My father didn't say a word during dinner.
My father takes a bath before supper.
Father makes a point of taking a hot bath before supper.
My father goes to Sydney twice a year on business.
My father will be back at the beginning of next month.
Father intends to go to abroad next week.
My father is going to go abroad next week.
Dad said he'd be promoted to section manager next year.
My father will travel abroad next year.
My father is used to travelling.
My father was taking a nap on the sofa, with his legs stretched toward the fire.
Father is good at cooking. As for Mother, she is good at eating.
I'm looking for a gift for my father.
Both my father and I went to the museum for the first time.
My father loved me no less deeply than my mother.
He failed, to his father's disappointment.
On his father's retirement he took over the business.
He took over the business after his father died.
Now that his father was dead, he owned the store.
He managed the company while his father was ill.
After his father's death, John took to spending his time in bars.
Since her father's death, she has gone through a lot of hardships.
Compared with his father he is lacking in depth.
As compared with his father, he is lacking in depth.
He is the image of his father.
Compared with his father, he is lacking in depth.
The girl wanted to monopolize her father's affection and tended to view her mother as a competitor.
Extend condolences to him on his father's death.
Her father reluctantly consented to her marriage.
A father provides for his family.
My father referred to my friends.
The father carried his son bodily from the room.
His father allows him 2000 yen a week.
His father allows him $10 a week as spending money.
One rotten apple spoils the barrel.
The rotten apple injures its neighbors.
Bad milk tastes sour.
I don't like to see food go to waste.
Some eggs were good, but the others were bad.
Tighten the lid so that it doesn't go bad.
Make the best of one's lot with fatal resignation.
A child on your back may guide you across a ford.
When they saw that they were losing, they gave up.
The defeated team slowly left the field.
Losing injured their pride.
When you lose, you actually win.
Don't give in.
I can't stand getting beaten.
We had to write off the debt.
The injured man lay in the street before the police arrived.
The wounded soldier could hardly walk.
The wounded are getting better.
The wounded arrived by ambulance.
The injured were many, but the missing were few.
The wounded man writhed.
Carry the injured to the hospital.
The injured were removed from the scene.
The wounded soldiers were left in the field.
Feeling himself insulted, he got angry.
Takeshi did come, but didn't stay long.
The export of weapons was prohibited.
It's against the law to carry weapons.
The armed hijackers terrified the passengers.
A samurai, even when he has not eaten, uses a toothpick like a lord.
Keiji Muto is IWGP champion.
I thought that Takeo would pass the exam and Kunio would fail, but the result was the other way around.
Do not resort to the sword but appeal to reason.
Who is the girl singing on the stage?
I'll never forget seeing her on the stage.
Are there any famous musicians on the stage?
The actress on the stage was heavily made up.
The stage was lit from both sides.
The scene shifted to Chicago.
I'd like to see some dancing. Do you have any information?
A meal without wine is like a day without sunshine.
Would you like another glass of wine?
He's in charge of the department.
The division picnic is this Saturday at the park.
The club members agreed to present the seniors with a brooch each.
The room was so dark that we had to feel our way to the door.
Can I go out of the room?
There was a loud noise coming from the room.
Would you like to wait in the room?
Take your hat off in the room.
There're more than 100 people in the room.
I took the liberty of using the dictionary while you were out of the room.
Charge it to my room.
There wasn't a single book in the room.
There are some bags in the room.
There were various articles in the room.
There are a lot of girls in the room.
There were a lot of people in the room.
There is much furniture in the room.
There were none in the room.
Please do not enter the room without knocking.
There was little furniture in the room.
Few children were in the room.
There was hardly anyone in the room.
How many boys are there in the room?
There were four pieces of furniture in the room.
The room was bare of furniture.
The room was locked.
There were a few children in the room.
There were many children in the room.
There were few children in the room.
The room is cluttered with newspapers.
There were a number of students in the room.
There was a tense atmosphere in the room.
Was there anyone in the room?
Is there anyone in the room?
There isn't anybody else.
Not a sound was heard in the room.
Books were lying about in the room.
The light was on in the room.
I've locked myself out of the room.
I left my key in my room.
Fingerprints left in the room proved the murderer's guilt.
There isn't anyone in the room.
You are to shut the door after you enter a room.
She grinned at me when she came into the room.
Take off your hat when you come into a room.
On entering her room, she began to read the letter.
When we entered the room, we took up our talk.
Knock on the door before entering the room.
Take your shoes off before you come into the room.
I left something in the room.
There is a desk in a corner of the room.
They were suddenly aware of a noise in the back of the room.
In the middle of the wall at the back of the room is a large window.
Wait for a moment outside the room.
Please air the room.
There was a neat pile of books in the corner of the room.
The people in the rear of the room could not hear the speaker.
The room has a seating capacity of 200.
I opened the windows to remove the damp from the room.
You should set your room in order.
I have finished cleaning my room.
You must clean your room.
Will you help me clean the room?
See that the windows in your room are fastened.
Is the room big enough for you?
Don't play catch in the room.
Don't make so much noise in the room.
Take off your hat in the room.
Don't run around in the room.
Don't run about wildly in the room.
There isn't a table in the room.
There is no furniture left in the room.
There were a desk and a chair in the room.
Come into the room.
There was no one in the room.
Please come into the room one by one.
There are desks in the room.
There was a large audience in the room.
All the furniture in the room was all worn out.
People in the room didn't say anything.
You could hear a pin drop in the room.
It was dark in the room.
It was dark and cold in the room.
There was a fine scent in the room.
Make your room tidy.
Please don't run about the room.
The light doesn't come on in my room.
He flipped the switch and threw the room into brightness.
The room is in immaculate order.
The room was in good order.
The room is covered with dust.
There was quiet in the room.
The room is very cold. The fire has gone out.
The room was in a state of neglect.
I found the book easily though it was dark in the room.
The room was full of smoke.
The room was so full of smoke that I could hardly breathe.
The room is full of flowers.
The room was pervaded with the scent of perfume.
The room was all messed up.
The room was in total disorder.
The room is cleaned by me.
The room was in complete darkness.
The room was so dark that we could see nothing at all.
The room was packed with people.
The room was anything but tidy.
The room was warm.
But my place is like a rabbit hutch.
The room was full of girls in white.
The room was as still as the grave.
The room was light enough for him to read the letter.
The room was kept warm for the guests.
I want you to put the room in order quickly.
Shall I clean the room?
Leave the room as it is.
Looking into the room, I found nobody there.
They adorned the room with flowers.
Could I see the room please?
Will you get me a room?
Close the door after you when you leave the room.
You are not to leave your room.
Leaving the room, he turned off the light.
Leaving the room, he bowed to me.
Be sure to turn off the light when you leave the room.
Turn off the lights when you leave the room.
When you leave the room, please make sure you turn off the lights.
Do not leave the lights on when you leave the room.
Please put the light out when you leave the room.
Be sure to turn out the light when you go out of the room.
Please turn out the light before leaving the room.
You must go out of the room.
Keep the room in good order.
Keep your room clean.
I had my room cleaned.
You have to clean your room.
Sweeping the room is my daughter's job.
Did you order the room to be swept?
Please change my room?
I'd like to change my room.
I went through the room into the garden.
Could I change rooms?
Clean up the room.
After the room was tidied up, she went out.
Does the price of the room include the service charges?
How much is the room charge?
The rent is very high.
The rent is high, otherwise the room is satisfactory.
Pay your rent in advance.
The rent is paid for six months.
Laughter filled the room.
Your room number, please?
He couldn't suffer the slightest disobedience in his men.
The men followed him.
No outsiders are allowed to enter.
I'm already used to invitations to participate in club activities.
The troop was altogether destroyed.
The supervisor bought a really fast machine.
The section chief was really livid. What did you do?
Mr. Brown is in charge of the business in the absence of the manager.
We'll have to organize the drinking party all over again as the section chief can't make it now.
The manager implied that a modest man was suitable for the position.
You shouldn't do partial-word searches, since they put a lot of strain on the server.
What movies just opened?
Will you please stick a 60-yen stamp on the envelope?
Stick another stamp on the envelope.
I have to put a stamp on the envelope.
Stick a stamp on the envelope.
I've written his address on the back of the envelope.
I need an envelope.
The wind died away.
There was a sudden calm as the wind dropped.
It is blowing very hard.
The wind was so strong that the windows rattled.
The wind is blowing very hard.
The wind grew stronger and stronger.
The wind is blowing hard now.
It's blowing hard.
The wind blew the dust.
The wind has died down.
The wind abated a little.
The wind fanned the flames.
The force of the wind made it difficult to walk.
The wind grew stronger.
It's OK as long as it doesn't get windy.
The wind blew too hard for them to play in the park.
The wind is blowing hard.
The wind was blowing violently, and to make matters worse, it began raining.
The wind has calmed down.
I think the wind's picking up.
The wind gently kissed the trees.
The wind is picking up.
The wind is blowing.
The moment the wind blew in, the candle went out.
The wind blew itself out.
The wind drifted the snow.
The wind is blowing on the grass.
The wind is blowing east.
The wind has fallen.
The wind blew her hat off.
The wind scattered the leaves about.
The wind has abated.
We had our roof blown off.
The wind blew the umbrella out of her hand.
The wind brought down a large number of trees.
Dust was blowing in the wind.
I had my hat blown off by the wind.
Read "Gone With The Wind".
The wind and tide impelled the ship to the shore.
A tattered flag which continues to flutter in the wind.
Look at the flowers trembling in the breeze.
The squirrel advanced against the strong wind.
The tree bent in the wind.
It's a windy day.
The wind ruffled the surface of the water.
Wind energy has been used to some extent in many countries.
The wind blew all day.
The wind blows wherever it pleases.
There was not a breath of air.
It's blowing very hard.
The wind blew hard.
The wind drifted the sand.
The wind gradually died down.
The wind carries seeds for great distances.
The wind is blowing from the west.
The wind is blowing from the east.
The wind blows south.
The wind blows against the sails.
The wind is blowing from the north.
The wind calmed down in the evening.
Although there was no wind blowing, the door opened of itself.
What with the wind and the rain, the game was spoiled.
Our walk was spoiled by the wind and the rain.
What with the wind and the rain, our trip was spoiled.
We braved the elements to walk to the station.
The scenery diverted the driver's attention from the road.
The weather vane points north.
The situation in now getting unfavorable.
A lot of colds are going around.
I have a cold in my chest, with coughing and a headache.
It took me a week to get over my cold.
It took me more than a month to get over my cold.
It took me a long time to get over my cold.
He took two tablets of aspirin to get rid of his cold.
I can't shake off my cold.
He is in bed with a touch of cold.
It's just a cold.
My head aches with a cold.
A cold dulled his taste.
Sleep is the best medicine for a cold.
Do you have some medicine good for a cold?
What is the best remedy for colds?
Don't catch a cold.
Do you have anything for a cold?
A cold confined him to his house.
How is your cold?
How's your cold?
Colds are contagious.
A cold often leads to all kinds of disease.
My voice has gone because of my cold.
If you have a cold, you should get plenty of rest.
I was absent from school because I had a cold.
Since I have a cold, I can't taste.
I've gone and caught a cold.
I've caught a cold.
I caught a cold, and I have a fever.
Put on your coat lest you should catch the cold.
You'd better be careful not to catch cold.
Take your sweater so that you may not catch cold.
Look out that you don't catch cold.
You should take care not to catch cold.
Please take care of yourself not to catch cold.
I hope you are not catching a cold.
Shut the window to prevent catching a cold.
When she catches a cold, she often develops bronchitis.
There is not any fear of catching cold.
I must have caught a cold.
I seem to have caught cold. I'm a little feverish.
Having a cold, I was absent from school.
My voice is hoarse from a cold.
I've caught a cold and my head hurts.
I am not myself, my usual self having caught a cold.
She put on a sweater so as not to catch cold.
Take lots of vitamin C to avoid catching cold.
Let's be careful not to catch a cold.
I'm afraid I'm coming down with a cold.
If you catch a cold, you cannot easily get rid of it.
I went out with my overcoat on for fear of catching cold.
My nose runs whenever I have a cold.
It took more than a month to get over my cold, but I'm OK now.
It took me more than a week to get over my cold.
It took me three weeks to get over the flu.
I am getting a cold.
I wore a coat lest I catch a cold.
I took three tablets of a cold medicine before going to bed.
The balloon went up in the sky.
The balloon was caught in the tree.
Up and up rose the balloon, until it was seen no more.
When we take the wind-chill factor into account, the temperature must have been lower than thirty degrees below zero centigrade.
Manners and customs vary greatly from country to country.
It was discovered that less than one child in a hundred had been inoculated against endemic disease.
As the bath is too hot, I will run some cold water into it.
Run hot water into the bath.
A hot bath made me feel much better.
He suddenly hit on a good idea while he was taking a bath.
When I was having a bath, a good idea came to me.
You had better take a bath to get warm.
Take a bath and then go to bed.
I have prepared your bath.
Does it have a bathroom?
Did you take a bath?
Keep down, or you'll be shot.
The aide suggested a change in tactics to him.
Is there any adverse reaction?
According to the vice president, the company has yet to receive a contract from a foreign company.
The Vice-President transmitted the message by radio.
The vice-president attended the ceremony on behalf of the president.
The Vice-President talked at the meeting in place of the President.
Easter is near at hand.
In revenge and in love woman is more barbarous than man is.
The broad river flows slowly.
How wide is it?
We would have a wide range of alternatives.
It was a perfect fit.
The choice of clothes has become conservative.
The costumes were red, pink, blue, and so forth.
Have you finished dressing?
Get dressed and come downstairs.
Change your clothes.
Put your clothes away.
Through obedience learn to command.
You should not judge a person by his clothes.
There are no special rules as regards what clothes we should wear.
She is behind the times when it comes to clothes.
Is there a dress code?
I got a camera in a lottery.
Fukuoka is very typical of the kind of town I like.
I would appreciate it if you could find time to see Mr Fukuoka, or to introduce him to one of your associates.
The importance of welfare cannot be over-emphasized.
I think welfare isn't enough to go around.
The artificial satellite launched at the cost of the welfare budget did not work properly.
Yukichi Fukuzawa introduced Western ideas into Japan.
Let's drop in on the Fukudas.
When angry, count ten; when very angry, a hundred.
An army travels on its stomach.
I'm so hungry, I ate it.
He said that he was hungry.
When angry, count to ten.
The hungry boys made for the restaurant.
He became irritated.
Let's talk turkey!
Let's put all the cards on the table.
The hungry baby did nothing but cry.
Don't lose your temper.
It never pays to lose your temper.
He often swears when he is angry.
Don't get angry.
It's natural that she should get angry.
In a fit of anger he said everything he wanted to say and went home.
The pain from the compound fracture was almost intolerable.
Do you know anything about complex carbohydrates?
We've run out of paper for the photocopier.
Weakness brought on by a number of respiratory ailments had forced him just last week to announce that he was giving up his conducting career.
Masked men held up the passengers and robbed them of their money.
I'd like to get a refund.
How do I get reimbursed?
For a refund, you must return the item unopened.
If I had money enough, I could pay you.
I'm not sure I can afford it.
Let me pick up the check.
Put some salt into the boiling water.
You can only go so far.
The article on Buddhism revived my passion for Oriental religions.
The article on Buddhism revived my interest in Oriental religions.
Is it difficult to act according to Buddhist principles?
Buddhism was introduced into Japan in 538.
Buddhism had its beginnings in India.
I see double.
Everything has its limit.
There is a time for all things.
You can get anything less expensive in bulk.
I gave it a try figuring that anything is worth a try. But putting together a program like this is something I'm no match for.
When it comes to making things, I'm all thumbs.
The sight memory organ is below the hypothalamus.
There is enough light to read by.
I fancy that I heard a noise.
I fancied that I heard a noise.
A noise woke her up.
Not a sound was heard.
With prices so high, I will do without a new suit this year.
It amazed us to hear that things were so cheap.
Prices have been climbing steadily.
It is said that prices are going to rise again.
Prices are about to go up again.
The prices will come down.
The prices have gone down.
Prices have jumped.
Many wives complain about high prices.
The price rose.
Prices are going up.
It is certain that prices will go up.
Prices are rising.
Prices keep on soaring.
Prices dropped suddenly.
The rise in prices is pressing our family budget.
Rising costs are fueling anxieties among consumers.
Prices are double what they were ten years ago.
Prices are double what they were two years ago.
Prices have risen steadily during the past decade.
Prices have been rising steadily.
The prices are going up higher and higher.
Prices are still on the rise.
Prices have climbed higher than Mount McKinley.
Prices ought to come down soon.
Prices will rise in course of time.
Far from falling, the prices of commodities went on rising.
Prices will continue as they are.
One in four consumers thinks that prices will continue to rise in the future.
Prices will continue to go up.
Prices showed a tendency of going up.
Prices go on rising.
Commodity prices were rising.
Prices continued to rise.
Prices are on the upward trend.
Prices are going up every day.
Prices have soared every year.
Several factors operated to help prices go up.
A committee was constituted to investigate prices.
The price index hit an all-time high.
He knows most who speaks least.
My poor dumb friend died this morning.
The action of the story takes place on an island.
How about the last part of the story?
The story got more and more exciting.
The story got more and more interesting.
The story drew to a conclusion.
His bearing announced him as a military man.
Goods are the great travelers over the earth's surface, far more than humans, which means that hardly an inhabited spot on the globe is untouched by trade.
I don't like a world where things change so slowly.
One must draw the line somewhere.
Look at the sunny side of things.
See things as they are.
Don't leave things half done.
Take things as they are.
Don't do things by halves.
I'm the type who likes to think things over very carefully.
In doing things, we cannot be too careful.
Try to do things for yourself.
You should try to see things from the practical point of view.
It's very difficult to put things in order.
One may as well not know a thing at all, as know it but imperfectly.
We can hardly settle things by theory alone.
When matter is changed chemically, chemical energy is given off.
The process by which substances are turned directly from a solid state into a gas is called sublimation.
Matter changes its form according to temperature.
Material standards of living were never higher.
It's the most beautiful night I've seen since I can remember.
Matter can exist as a solid, liquid, or gas.
I forgot to lock the storeroom.
I have become forgetful.
Physics be hanged!
Physics is my weak subject.
Physics is my favorite subject.
Which do you like better, physics or chemistry?
Physics is not easy to learn.
Physics is the basic physical science.
Physics can be defined as the science of matter, motion, and energy.
Students who want to major in physics ought to have a sufficient knowledge of mathematics.
You see?
You see? You must study a foreign language.
Do you hear me?
I know.
I got it, OK?
I know but I can't help it.
Ask me whenever you're in doubt.
Mark the words which you cannot understand.
Mark the words that you cannot understand.
Okay. Drive safely.
Do you follow?
He nodded when I asked if he understood.
Beats me.
We will contact you as soon as we know.
I think I understand.
We'd like to split it. Could you bring it to us on two plates?
Can I buy it on easy payment?
Based on my observation of the movement of particle D, I modify the system so that three possible exits exist.
In my analysis I rely considerably on the types of authoritarian behaviour first analyzed by Kurz.
You should try to live within your income.
A sensible person is one who uses good sense.
A man of sense would be ashamed to do so.
A sensible man wouldn't say such a thing in public.
A man of prudence wouldn't say such things.
Mix the flour with two eggs.
The bronze statue was broken into pieces.
There can be no human society without conflict.
The atmosphere was uncomfortable.
The atmosphere can become rather strained.
A sentence normally has a subject and a verb.
The first word of every sentence should be capitalized.
A capital letter is used at the beginning of a sentence.
Get the meaning of a word from its context.
The style is the man himself.
Sentences begin with a capital letter.
Culture destroys language.
Countries differ in culture.
Culture is handed down from generation to generation.
We have to consider the problem in the light of cultural differences.
A cultural heritage is handed down to posterity.
Our school festival was held last month.
The trade of critic, in literature, music, and the drama, is the most degraded of all.
Give a lecture on literature.
Literature reflects human activity as carried on by the best minds.
Literature teaches us about humanity.
Reading of literature nourishes the mind.
From a literary point of view, his work is a failure.
Reading literary criticism is very helpful to understanding literature.
If you have a complaint let me hear it. There's a difference between superficial obedience and honest loyalty you know.
Will you please use indelible ink so the phrase won't rub out?
Don't complain about that. You've asked for it.
Don't complain.
Don't complain. You have to go.
Stop complaining and do as you're told.
Complaining won't change anything.
Written words, carrier pigeons, the telegraph, and many other devices carried ideas faster and faster from man to man.
Literature flourishes best when it is half a trade and half an art.
You must begin a sentence with a capital letter.
Style is to the writer what color is to the painter.
Everyone likes Fumio because he is honest.
Grammar be hanged.
Your composition is correct, as far as grammar is concerned.
The basic principles of grammar are not so difficult.
There are grammatical principles involved.
I got the grammar lesson without difficulty.
Grammar, which I hate, is good for me.
You should try to produce grammatical sentences.
As civilization advances, poetry almost necessarily declines.
The more civilization advances, the more people long for nature.
The progress of civilization is very rapid.
Civilization is now threatened by nuclear war.
Scratch a Russian and find a Tartar.
According to what I heard, he went over to America to study biology.
From what I've heard, their marriage is on the rocks.
Don't believe everything you hear.
Listen to this!
In case you haven't noticed, I've been waiting for two hours.
You know what?
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter.
Don't ask.
I need to hear it.
Want to know?
I'm all ears.
I hear he is somebody in his village.
Nothing is lost for asking.
Hear and see and be still.
The more I hear, the more interesting it becomes.
I can't hear it.
Do you read me?
I can't hear you.
Talk louder so that I may hear you.
The only sound to be heard was the ticking of the clock.
What is the population of Hyogo prefecture?
I go to Hyogo University.
I have got into Hyogo University.
All the soldiers stood side by side.
The soldiers' mission was to destroy the bridge.
The soldiers were animated by the song.
Soldiers are used to danger.
The soldiers proceeded to the frontier with caution.
The soldiers were told never to surrender.
The soldiers were marching with their swords shining.
The soldiers ached for their homeland.
The soldiers were ready to die for their country.
The soldiers retreated from their positions.
The soldiers are ready for battle.
The soldiers were marking time.
The soldiers resisted the enemy attack.
The soldiers were making for the enemy camp.
The soldiers got to the foot of the hill before dawn.
The soldiers' food supply is running out.
A soldier often has to confront danger.
The soldier aimed his gun at the man.
All the soldiers were gallant.
The soldier groaned with pain.
The soldier took shelter in the foxhole.
The soldier saved his friend at the cost of his own life.
The soldiers were ordered to make an attack.
The soldiers advanced toward the town.
Soldiers bear arms.
Soldiers must carry out their orders.
The soldiers narrowly escaped death.
The troops refused to obey the command.
The soldiers headed for the frontier with caution.
The soldiers were on the alert.
The soldiers lost the courage to fight.
The soldiers have erected a peace monument.
The soldiers were guarding the bridge.
Soldiers barred the way to the city.
The soldiers seized food from the people they conquered.
The soldier kept a sharp lookout in the darkness.
The soldiers were all supplied with a map of the place.
Hillary rested the ladder against the wall.
Don't throw a ball against the wall.
Don't climb up the wall.
There was broken glass on top of the wall.
Take the pan off the fire.
Flat land has no mountains or hills.
Written as it is in plain English, this book is useful to beginners.
Written in plain English, the book is suitable for beginners.
Written in plain English, this book is easy to read.
Try to write in plain English.
I can swim on my front but not on my back.
You'll be OK.
On an average, I go to the movies twice a month.
On an average how many miles do you walk a day?
The average temperature has gone up.
Get yourself astride the balance beam.
She is almost as intelligent as an average human child.
The average length is seven hours and forty-five minutes, not much different from what a lot of humans need.
Slide down the hill while distributing your weight equally on both skis.
Mr Hirayama teaches very well.
Mr Hirayama is a very good teacher.
Business as usual.
You will lose your position if you don't keep your temper.
Thank you very much for patronizing our store for a long time.
Equality is guaranteed by the Constitution.
It seems less crowded during the week.
You have to pay 10,000 yen extra on holidays.
My temperature is normal.
Mr Hirano is looked up to as an excellent engineer.
The waterways ramify across the plain.
Nothing but peace can save the world.
They had a long talk in an atmosphere of peace and freedom.
There is no one but longs for peace and security.
Who doesn't hope for peace and security?
They are moving from the peaceful hills and the countryside to the busy world of streets and crowds.
Happy is a man who lives in peace and content.
The obverse of peace is war.
Peace is of great importance.
Peace will come to us in time.
Nothing is as important as peace.
How much we still have to pay for peace is a riddle.
There is no man but desires peace.
There is no one but desires peace.
The peace talks begin this week.
She got her feet wet teaching while she was in the Peace Corps.
Thank you for your interest in our company.
I hope this letter interests you and look forward to your reply.
Our engineers compared this information with similar products being sold in Japan and concluded that they might compete very well.
Enclosed is our company profile.
Allow us to describe our products and our business operations.
We specialize in the import of machinery parts.
Don't speak out of line.
Wait in line, please.
A fly does not fly into a shut mouth.
The meeting was closed.
The price of rice rose by more than three percent.
A poor rice harvest will get us into real trouble.
Production of rice has decreased.
The price of rice rose by three percent.
The price of rice has come down.
The price of rice is going up again.
Rice is sold by the kilogram.
Rice is the chief crop in this area.
Rice will find a ready market there.
Rice is one of those staple commodities.
Rice is grown in many parts of the world.
Rice grows in warm climates.
Rice grows in warm countries.
Rice prices are regulated by the government.
NASA says three of 22 space missions that carried generators similar to Galileo's ended in accidents.
They charge tax on liquor in the U.S.
Many races live together in the United States.
I have been corresponding with a pen pal in the USA for a year.
Many American parents encourage their sons to play football to keep them away from drugs.
The people of America fought for their independence.
The affluence of the United States is often contrasted with the poverty of undeveloped countries.
The United States is typical of the democratic countries.
The United States is abundant in natural resources.
The United States of America is a democratic country.
Steering wheels of American cars are on the left side.
Friction between the Americans and the British mounted.
Americans are said to regard the amount of money a man makes as a criterion of his ability.
The U.S. Government made an attempt to open Japan's doors.
Throughout the United State large numbers of young people enter college every year.
The President of the United States is now in Japan.
In a fight against speculators who are dumping the U.S. currency, central banks of major countries have carried out massive concerted interventions in the market.
The Federal Reserve slashed interest rates.
The Fed is trying to stave off a run on the banks.
The rice crop is large this year.
The rice crop is poor this year.
The paint was coming off the wall.
The walls supported the entire weight of the roof.
The wall gave way in the earthquake.
There are many paintings on the wall.
On the wall there was a big picture of Sir Anthony at the piano.
The walls were hung with some pictures.
A portrait was hung on the wall.
There is a Picasso on the wall.
The wall was coated with paint.
There is a portrait of Bob on the wall.
His shadow on the wall looked sad.
There are some pictures on the wall.
There is a picture on the wall.
The picture on the wall was painted by Picasso.
There is a clock on the wall.
Walls have ears, shouji have eyes.
Up against the wall!
We tried to make out the letters written on the wall.
There is a map on the wall.
There were a hat and a coat on the wall.
The ballerinas around the walls are stretching their legs and feet so their muscles will not become stiff.
His eye fell on the picture on the wall.
The color of the wall clashes with that of the floor.
Look at the map on the wall carefully.
Look at the notice on the wall.
The wall was made of rough stones.
The walls are hidden by ivy.
Must I repaint the wall?
The fence fell with a great crash.
The wall is white within and green without.
The wall was covered with graffiti.
The man painting the wall is my father.
As soon as you get the wall painted, you can go home.
We're going to paint the wall.
The service charge is extra.
I am not alluding to any person in particular.
There is no need to be frightened. He won't harm you.
I am not insisting on it. If you don't like it, just don't take it.
Show me another camera.
I just bought another sweater. Now I have 21!
Would you bring me another one, please?
Would you please show me another one?
Could you show me another one, please?
Please show me another.
Can I get you another one?
Let me buy you another one.
Approach the problem from a different angle.
It may help to look at the problem from another angle.
Show me another bag.
Could you make it another time?
I hope that I will be able to help you at some other time.
Give me a rain-check.
Wait for a second chance.
On another plan there was the prediction of a new age.
Let me put it in another way.
I've found another job.
Show me another watch.
Please show me another example.
They will lay another scheme.
In another paragraph, he put in a comma.
If only I had married another man.
I wish I had married another man.
He is on another phone.
Could you suggest an alternative date?
Could you exchange it with another one?
Let's think out another way.
I have another engagement.
Give me another example.
Show me another example.
I can still see my mother's face.
It was time to part, but still the couple clung together.
The annex is on the north of the original building.
I have enclosed your order form.
His cottage is on the coast.
Please bill us separately.
Could you wrap this separately, please?
It is useless to reason with a bigot.
We shouldn't have any prejudice.
I have a migraine.
That's strange.
You should have your head examined.
That's weird.
Hearing a strange noise, he jumped out of bed.
I hear a strange sound.
I feel strange about it.
A strange fish is on the hook.
A strange man came up to me and asked for money.
A strange man trespassed on my property.
You're wearing an odd cap, aren't you?
Strange my foot!
Is everything OK?
I'm the black sheep of the family.
Quick to adapt to changing circumstances.
They like variety; they don't like to stay in just one place.
I was bored with the monotony of daily life.
You changed it?
There were many who couldn't recognize him in that disguise.
If you disguise yourself, they won't be able to tell.
There's a lot of mess to clear up.
An odd shoe was left on the doorstep.
We have five fingers on each hand.
One book is thin, and the other is thick.
Dust got into one of my eyes.
The editor and the publisher were present at the party.
Editors often go to extremes in providing their readers with unimportant facts.
Editors would expect them to be typewritten.
The editor glanced over the manuscript.
The editor and publisher is my cousin.
There was no one about.
It was quiet all around.
Can I change the date of return?
I want a refund.
Not having got a reply, May wrote to Bill again.
Since I didn't receive a reply, I wrote to her again.
Not having received a reply, he wrote to her again.
I'm sorry for the delay in responding.
I'm sorry I didn't get back to you sooner. I've been snowed under at work lately.
Talk to me!
Can't think of an answer?
No answer is also an answer.
It doesn't matter whether you answer or not.
I've been upset not having written you a reply.
My father told me to write an answer and post it at once.
I appreciate that you have not had time to write.
The answer was yes.
No merchandise can be returned.
Please credit my account for the returned item.
I have watery stools.
As she hasn't written to me, I don't know what time she will arrive.
No news is good news. If you haven't heard from your son it's because he's doing well.
Keep in touch.
It's your duty to care for your parents regardless of the inconvenience.
I am constipated.
Flight number is JL123, on August 23 for Tokyo.
Some people are anxious to invent convenient things.
Want me to show you a really useful hidden command?
I need some writing paper.
She is intense in her study.
Don't distract me from studying.
You are not to speak to him while he is studying.
If you don't study, you will fail the exam.
It is no use going to school if you are not going to study.
Study!
It remains to be seen whether or not going to America to study is good for me.
It is a student's business to study.
Whenever you study, use your dictionary to best effect.
When I study, I listen to music with earphones.
We need a lot of patience when we study.
Don't study.
It is your duty to study.
It is the role of a student to study.
It's a student's business to study.
Study or don't--it's up to you.
Work while you work, play while you play.
I don't feel like studying.
You will succeed in the long run by studying.
It is hard to be successful at both study and club activities.
Effort is essential to studying.
Maybe you are working too hard.
The academically talented students helped others in the classroom.
I watched television during a break in my studies.
What subjects do you like the best?
Study will do you good.
You should study in an efficient manner.
My studies are going okay.
Is the school work hard?
Work and play are both necessary to health.
Both work and play are important.
In return for helping you with your studies, I'd like to ask a small favor of you.
Please go on with your study.
Don't distract me while I am studying.
It is no use excusing yourself.
What the lawyer had told me finally turned out to be false.
The lawyer drew up my will.
Can the lawyer see me on Friday?
The lawyers argued the case for hours.
It is important that a lawyer should leave no stone unturned even on minor points and harp on the same subject to achieve a break through in an impasse.
Why don't you consult a lawyer?
I'll let you know my decision after I have consulted my solicitor.
You should have consulted your lawyer.
She decided to take legal advice.
The lawyer brought up new evidence.
The lawyer has many clients.
The lawyer was expecting Ben.
The lawyer believed in his client's innocence.
The lawyer recommended his client to take legal action.
The lawyer spoke convincingly on behalf of his client.
The lawyer insisted on the client's innocence.
The lawyer determined his course of action.
Lawyers make mega bucks when they win cases.
The lawyer asked the judge to make allowance for the age of the accused.
The lawyer explained the new law to us.
The lawyer doubted his innocence.
The lawyer insisted on his innocence.
The lawyer was expecting him.
The attorney has strong evidence that she is innocent.
Could you find me an attorney?
I'd like to replace it.
Speech is silver, silence is golden.
You don't need to carry lunch with you.
Share your lunch with your brother.
There's no point starting a shop selling take-away lunches; there are already plenty.
I congratulate you on wining first prize in the speech contest.
The sheriff established order in the town.
The sheriff beat the suspect until he was almost dead.
How much is it including insurance and tax?
What's the name of your insurance company?
Insure it, please.
Could I write down your name, address and phone number, for the insurance company?
The insurance company will compensate her for the loss.
Could you make out a certificate of health?
I'm sorry, Doctor. I lost my health insurance certificate.
Let me see your health insurance certificate.
The policy number of my insurance is PC-two-three-five-seven.
How much is the premium?
Let's bypass the protection circuit.
A conservative is not always a reactionary.
Conservative people always tell us to act within our station.
We guarantee our products for one year.
Got it!
He's like an eel.
The fowler's pipe sounds sweet till the bird is caught.
The prisoners were set free.
The slaughter of the prisoners was a barbarous act.
It's fifteen minutes on foot.
They'll walk there in half an hour.
Is it close enough to walk there?
It's a short walk.
How long does it take on foot?
I was played out with walking.
I would walk, except it's too hot.
You can walk, or alternatively, I'll drive you there in my car.
I walked to school.
Are you going on foot or by bus?
Some went on foot, and others by bicycle.
Shall we walk or drive?
Why don't we go to the bookstore on foot?
All this walking is killing the soles of my feet and my toes. I wonder if I have the right size shoes.
I read a book as I walked.
Do not read while walking.
Let's talk as we go along.
Shall we walk or take the bus?
Shall we walk?
I am tired with walking.
He is walking very slowly.
Walking is a good exercise.
Is it too far to walk?
To walk is a healthy form of exercise.
I prefer riding to walking.
When I try to walk, I get an awful pain here.
Keep an eye on your bag while walking.
The sentry demanded the password from everyone.
Clear the sidewalk of the bicycles.
One shouldn't ride a bicycle on the pavement.
I found a coin on the sidewalk.
There was a sunshade over the sidewalk.
The sidewalk was covered with fallen leaves.
Walk on the pavement.
The supplies will give out soon.
The amount donated still falls short of the goal.
She struggles for her living.
How is your life?
To be badly off makes life hard to bear.
Many people are better off than they used to be.
Some people are well off and others are badly off.
Mother cleared away the table.
I live with my mother, brother and my grandparents.
A mother rabbit keeps her babies warm with her own body.
My mother has been sick for two days.
I don't know when my mother will come back.
In the absence of her mother, she looks after her sister.
Mother is making tea for us.
I hear from my mother once in a while.
Mother gets up earliest in my family.
You'll be scolded when your mother comes home.
After my mother died suddenly, my father looked after me all by himself.
I put away the report card in the drawer for fear that Mother should see it.
We enjoyed the dinner my mother prepared.
My mother has been dead these ten years.
My mother taught me how to make osechi.
My mother will make me a birthday cake.
It was only after years that my mother told me the truth.
Recollect my mother holding me tight.
My mother made me what I am today.
Mother told me to come home early, but I was late.
My mother sent me a birthday present.
Mother made us cheese sandwiches for lunch.
Her eyes shone with joy when she saw that her mother was not mad at her.
She wished her mother would not be mad at her.
Mother sent us grapes packed in a box.
My mother being ill, I looked after her.
My mother being ill, I couldn't go to the concert.
My mother being ill, I stayed home from school.
Because my mother was ill, I could not go there.
My mother's illness prevented me from attending the meeting.
Mother suddenly got sick and we sent for a doctor.
I will leave home when my mother comes back.
Mother tells me not to study so hard.
My mother says she doesn't find rock appealing.
Mother is preparing lunch.
Mother removed mud from his shoes.
Only my mother really understands me.
The number of women who becomes mothers is small.
Unlike her mother, she is tall.
Mother and I are different in every way.
Mother and I were in the garden.
I had my mother mend this sweater.
I will choose them for my mother.
My mother has four brothers.
I make a point of writing to my mother once a month.
I'm looking for a present for my mother. Do you have anything in mind?
I am looking for a present for my mother.
I write to my mother once a month.
I'm dying to see my mother.
I only go to church out of duty to my mother.
I sometimes do the dishes for my mother.
Maternal love is the greatest thing.
Maternal love is greater than anything else.
Nothing is as great as maternal love.
My mother was not feeling any better. If anything, she looked worse.
The sight of his mother Instantly enlivened the child.
The death of my mother left a big blank in my life.
It was not difficult to pretend to be my mother.
I am worried about my mother's health.
I'll be back in time for my mother's birthday.
I gave my mother carnations on Mother's Day.
Do you know what flower to buy on Mother's Day?
We celebrate Mother's Day in honor of our mothers.
Mother's illness kept her at home yesterday.
The image of my mother is on my mind.
It fell upon me to take care of my mother.
My mother always says, "You only have to study hard now."
My mum is about to take a bath.
Mom was at a loss about what to do with the mess.
The mother extended her hand to her baby, smiling brightly.
My mother is carefree, cheerful and good-natured.
My mother cannot drive a car at all.
Mother made me clean the bathroom.
Mother looked up from her paper and saw me.
Mother is having trouble making ends meet.
Mother bought a beautiful doll for her.
My mother gave me a pair of gloves of her own making.
My mother woke me up saying "It's a quarter past seven".
My mother left home ten minutes ago.
My mother takes a bath every other day.
Mother tied up three pencils with a piece of string.
I was not a good mother.
My mother always wears a kimono at home.
My mother is not always at home.
My mother is always finding fault with me.
My mother is always poking her nose into my private life.
My mother does not always get up early.
Mother always gets up early in the morning.
My mother is always on the go.
When will Mother come home?
Mother likes tea, while I like coffee.
My mother gave me what I wanted for lunch.
My mother used to be into tennis.
My mother was once a champion swimmer.
My mother believes in Christianity.
My mother made me a Christmas cake.
Mother divided the cake into eight pieces.
My mother is making a cake.
Mother divided the cake into three parts.
My mother cut the cake.
Mother likes to go out in this coat.
My mother hasn't slept in 3 days due to her illness.
My mother bought me two pairs of pants last Sunday.
Mother has been sick since last Thursday.
My mother forgot to add salt to the salad.
My mother wrapped the sandwiches in paper.
Mother put a bandage on Jim's cut.
My mother tasted the soup and added a little more salt.
My mother never gets up early.
My mother didn't mention it.
Mother was surprised at the news.
My mother tasted the milk.
Mother carved us the chicken.
Mother has a good opinion of the writer.
Mom did not mention it.
My mother was happy about the news, and so was I.
My mother grew pale on hearing the news.
My mother attempted to reconcile the couple.
Mother mentioned that it was about time to prepare supper.
My mother had no choice but to part with her diamond ring.
My mother did nothing but weep.
Mother has just gone out shopping.
My mother likes tulips very much and so does my sister.
Mother has just gone shopping.
The mother signed to Alice to follow her.
My mother finally approved of our plan.
Mother went shopping at the department store.
Mother insists that we should be home by seven in the evening.
My mother finally has given in to my views.
My mother cooked the potatoes very well.
My mother is seriously ill.
Mother cut the cheese with a knife.
My mother told me why my father was so angry with me.
Mother closed her purse with a snap.
Mother bought a loaf of bread.
Mother went to town to get some bread.
My mother is sick with a bad cold.
My mother put clean sheets on the bed.
Mother asked the babysitter to watch the children.
Mother has not cooked dinner yet.
My mother is still working in the kitchen.
My mother can't read without glasses.
My mother was up late last night.
My mother speaks slowly.
Mother often makes me go shopping at the supermarket.
Mother often got angry with us.
I found my mother busy ironing out some shirts.
Mother frowns upon us eating between meals.
Mother is never impatient with us.
My mother insists that I should not go out after dark.
My mother spends a lot of money on clothes.
My mother lives by herself.
Mother is busy cooking and washing all day long.
Mother took the clothes off the line in anticipation of rain.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive a car.
Mom didn't look calm enough.
Her mother must have smelled something fishy.
My mother thinks of everything in terms of money.
My mother doesn't like the heat of summer.
Mother is busy keeping house.
Mother is the busiest in my family.
My mother is out.
Mother objects to smoking cigars.
Mother has a coffee shop.
Mother went to a lot of trouble to prepare dinner for our guests.
My mother was in tears.
My mother does her usual shopping on her way home from work.
Mother went shopping with my brother.
Mother will never approve of my marriage.
Mother comes to stay with us at least once a month.
Mother goes to the hospital in the morning.
Mother is now involved in tennis.
My mother will be expecting me at any moment.
My mother is writing a letter now.
My mother is in the hospital now.
My mother has been in the hospital until recently.
My mother went shopping downtown yesterday.
My mother is reading a magazine.
The mother divided the money among her children.
Mother was anxious about the children.
Mother has gone to the market.
My mother objected to my working part time.
Mother suggested that I write her at once.
My mother didn't let me wear a miniskirt.
My mother permitted me to go to the movies.
Mother allowed me to go abroad.
Mother thought of nothing but my coming home.
My mother objected to my going to the Middle East.
Mother asked us why we had done that.
Mother bought us a puppy.
Mother prepared us lunch.
My mother worked hard in order to rear us.
My mother told me not to be noisy.
Mother told me to put away the dishes.
My mother made me a cute skirt.
Mother made me a sweater.
Mother told me not to waste the money.
My mother prepared me for the bad news.
Mother bought me the book.
Mother often keeps me from watching TV.
My mother told me not to go out.
Mother is calling me home.
Mother told me to behave myself.
Mother told me to mow the lawn.
Mother left some of the food for me.
My mother asked me to set the table.
My mother made me a new dress.
My mother bought me a new dress.
Mother bought me a new bicycle.
Mother made me a new suit.
Mother made me a pure white dress.
Mother made a doll for me.
Mother made me a fine dress.
Mother prepared lunch for me.
My mother made me a white dress.
Mother told me to clean the room.
Mother charged me to clear the room.
My mother made me study.
Mother always tells me not to sit up late at night.
My mother made me take some medicine.
Mother told Father about me.
My mother got after me for my sloppiness.
Mother approved my plan.
Mother is anxious for my happiness.
Mother is anxious about my future.
Mother noted that my feet were not clean.
My mother took my temperature.
My mother baked a cake for my birthday.
My mother put thirteen candles on my birthday cake.
My mother cut my hair too short.
Mother applied the medicine to the sore on my knee.
My mother doesn't like my room being untidy.
My mother anticipates all my desires.
Mother made me a doctor.
Mother often said that she was proud of me.
My mother took me to the park.
Mother has made me what I am.
I have just been to Sapporo Station to see my mother off.
My mother often bakes apple pies for us.
My mother visits the dentist's every other day to get her teeth fixed.
My mother advised me to see the dentist.
My mother blacked out on seeing the scene of the accident.
My mother never drives for fear of causing an accident.
My mother often said that time is money.
My mother can't ride a bicycle.
My mother has sold everything that is dear to her.
My mother cannot drive a car.
My mother disliked caterpillars, not to mention snakes.
When my mother was young, she was very beautiful.
My mother wrote to me and asked after my health.
My mother hates writing letters.
My mother bakes bread and cookies on weekends.
My mother made up her face before she went out.
Mom applied the plaster to the cut.
My mother looks after the plants well.
Mom spread the table.
Mother set the table for dinner.
I talked to my heart's content.
Mother made a new piece of clothing.
My mother gave me a pearl necklace.
My mother made a complete recovery from neuralgia.
Mother busied herself with sewing.
My mother has been learning French for several years.
My mother teaches flower arranging.
My mother attached herself to a cooperative society.
The mother kissed her baby on the lips.
My mother has been sick since last month.
Mother has been sick in bed since the end of last month.
Last week my mother came down with the flu.
My mother is an early riser.
Mother hummed to herself as she went about her cooking in the kitchen.
My mother is busy in the kitchen.
Mother is in the kitchen.
My mother said that she was all right.
Mother was very busy most of the time.
Mother placed a large vase on the shelf.
Mother gets up earlier than anybody else in my family.
My mother is to meet with my homeroom teacher tomorrow.
My mother disapproves of too much exercise right after lunch.
Mother is getting breakfast ready.
My mother is busy planting flowers in the garden.
Mother transplanted the flowers to the garden.
Mother bought my brother a yellow umbrella.
My mother lives a lonely life in the country.
My mother must be angry.
Mother has old-fashioned ideas.
Mother bakes cookies on Sundays.
Mother looks young for her age.
My mother went shopping, didn't she?
Mother has gone shopping.
Mother is busy cooking the dinner.
Mother told him to look after his younger brother.
My mother excused his mistake.
My mother brought him to my room.
My mother said it with a smile.
My mother has gone to the beauty shop.
My mother is always very cheerful in spite of poor health.
Mother is making him a cake.
My mother is loved by my father.
Mother is two years older than Father.
My mother is laid up with a cold.
My mother caught a cold and couldn't smell.
My mother acquired her knowledge of English in the United States.
My mother stopped her sewing and picked up her book.
My mother is occupied with the sewing.
Mother was too busy to see me go out.
The mother seemed busy cooking.
Mother was busily cooking; in the meantime, I was just watching TV.
Mother gives my sister two thousand yen every month.
Mother calculated her monthly expenses.
Mother gets up earliest every morning.
Mother stays at home every day.
Mother goes to market every day.
Mother washes every day.
Mother taught me how to make miso soup.
Mom was innocent enough to ask him: "Would you like any more beer?"
The mother told her daughter to put those toys away.
Mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.
My mother gazed at me fondly.
Mother is setting dinner ready.
Mother laid the table for dinner.
Mother was busy getting ready for dinner.
Mother is preparing supper.
Mother is preparing dinner.
Mother boiled ten eggs.
My mother has borne her sorrow admirably.
Mother is away from home.
Mother stood arms akimbo.
My mother cooks well.
My mother bought a refrigerator and had it delivered.
Seeing her mother, the girl burst into tears.
My maternal grandmother persists in wearing that old-fashioned dress.
You cannot learn too much about your own language.
Mother and child are both doing well.
His mother is in attendance on him.
With his mother out of the way, Duke was able to proceed with his plan to embezzle the money from the company.
Just because a mother happens to be beautiful it does not necessarily follow that her daughter will grow up to be the same.
Her mother knocked on the door.
His mother was right.
There are many children whose mothers go out to work.
The girl whose mother is ill is absent today.
When her mother came, she pretended to be studying.
Mothers should keep their children from playing in the streets.
Thanks to my mother's help, I was able to buy a mountain bike.
Despair was written on the mother's face.
It is sad to have to part with my mother's old furniture.
Her mother's death was a blow to the little girl.
He could not but cry, when he heard about his mother's death.
The mother elephant bathes her baby in the river.
The mother's voice fetched her child.
She inherited her mother's blue eyes.
A mother's advice would outweigh a friend's.
We were shocked by the intensity of our mother's anger.
The mother missed her daughter who was away at college.
The mother greatly missed her daughter, who was away at college.
Mother bought two bottles of orange juice.
The mother hugged the child to her bosom.
The mother was shocked and was at once all sympathy.
Tom's mother worries about his cough.
The mother was practically worn out.
The mother lay beside her baby on the bed.
His mother sat up all night waiting for her son.
Mothers often pamper their children.
The mother took her child in her arms.
The mother was quieting her crying baby.
His mother was a school teacher.
A mother must protect her child's teeth from decay.
The mother told the children to be quiet.
The mother put the children to bed.
A mother is responsible for the conduct of her children.
The mother is leading her child by the hand.
Mother will show off her children.
The mother takes pride in her daughter's typing skill.
The mother kissed her baby.
The mother is dancing her baby on her knee.
The mother laid her baby on the bed.
A mother tends to hold her baby on the left.
The mother clasped her baby to her breast.
The mother folded her baby in her arms.
The mother will not be at ease until she hears of her son's safe arrival.
The mother whipped sense into her boy.
The mother tried to reason with her son.
His mother tried to cultivate her son's interest in art.
The mother was embarrassed at her son's bad manners.
The mother pulled her son to his feet.
Her mother took her to task for being late for supper.
Her mother is not aware of her illness.
Mothers are often not appreciated.
The mother rubbed the sick child's back.
My mother was busy cooking the dinner.
Mothers starved themselves to feed their children.
The mother bird brought worms for her young ones.
I'd like to breast-feed my baby.
I'm breast-feeding my baby.
The mother cat went out hunting birds.
Please undo the package.
Help me lift the package.
You don't have to wrap it up.
Packaging can actually prevent certain kinds of waste.
Apply a bandage.
He cleansed the wound before putting on a bandage.
Don't forget to bring kitchen utensils such as knives and cooking pots.
She stared at the man in silent astonishment.
According to the report, he is alive.
I can give you a copy of the report, but I can't vouch for its accuracy.
The report must be based on the facts.
The reporter elaborated on the method of his investigation.
Several of the reports were missing.
I look forward to your comments on the report.
What was their reaction to the report?
The report is being prepared by the committee.
The report checks with the facts in every detail.
I went over the report.
Have you sent in your report?
The reward is dependent on your success.
The pay was good, and that was their only motivation to participate in the study.
Let's split the reward fifty-fifty.
He was too proud to accept any reward.
The freedom of the press should not be interfered with.
The press always has something on the incumbent.
The spokesman explained the blueprint of the scheme to the press.
The spokesman explained the contents of the treaty to the press.
Threats of retaliation are blocking negotiations.
Where the treasure is hidden is still a mystery.
I won the lottery.
If I win the lottery, I'll be able to live high on the hog.
You may as well burn your money as spend it on lottery tickets.
We paid customs on jewels.
The jewel was found in an unlikely place.
The jeweler mounted a big pearl in the brooch.
Did you see the show at Takarazuka?
The treasure was buried on the island.
Let me go. You're choking me.
What do you do after school?
Could you help us after school?
Let's talk over the plan after school.
Will you play tennis after school?
After school, I go to an English school to practice English conversation.
I talked to him after class.
I am very busy practicing after school.
Many children stay after school for club activities.
We will play soccer after school.
School being over, there were only a small number of pupils in the playground.
Let's play tennis after school.
We have extracurricular activities after school.
It is fun playing football after school.
A trouble arose after school.
Let's play baseball after school.
Are you free after school?
Let's play basketball after school.
After school we play baseball with our classmates.
The radioactivity leaked out of the nuclear power plant.
Do you ever listen to English programs on the air?
I will wait for you in front of the radio station.
I lead a fast way of living.
The vagabond, when rich, is called a tourist.
I'm sorry I've mistaken the direction.
The policy fluctuated between two opinions.
The law is not always fair.
It is our duty to obey the law.
All men are equal under the law.
Respect for law is fundamental to our society.
The objective of law is justice.
The law should not be violated.
People who break the law are punished.
You'll be punished if you break the law.
You are not to break the law.
The bill will never go through.
This bill is safe to pass.
The bill was passed after a hard fight in the House.
The bill passed both Houses.
Lobbyists for the bill funneled bribes into a campaign fund.
The pope appeared in his red robe.
Not every student studying law can be a lawyer.
He got a job at the Law Library.
The court found him guilty.
The court judged the case.
The court adjudged that the will was valid.
The court judged him guilty.
The court acquitted him of the charge of murder.
The court sentenced him to death.
The court will sit next week.
The trial lawyers couldn't get past the Mafia leader's stonewalling tactics.
The law was changed.
The more laws, the more offenders.
The law prohibits minors from smoking.
The law is useless if it's too watered down.
We should obey the law.
The law obliges us to send our children to school.
To obey the laws is everyone's duty.
To obey the law is everyone's duty.
A loophole in the law allowed him to escape prosecution.
From the standpoint of the law, he is free.
Legal changes threaten online sales in digital commerce.
The law says that all men are equal.
The laws oblige all citizens to pay taxes.
You must observe the law.
We must abide by the law.
It is very important to keep the law.
Ignorance of the law excuses no man.
I went to the lawyer for legal help.
Legal services will be provided by lawyers and other experts to be appointed by the government.
In legal documents, difficult words and phrases are often used.
In legal terms, children are called "issue."
Much legal language is obscure to a layman.
The Horyuji is the oldest wooden building in the world.
The foam vanished in an instant.
The gunfire was getting worse, so we ran down to our cellar.
When it comes to sewing, she is all thumbs.
Sewing is manual work.
Yoshio persisted in believing that in spite of the evidence.
A bee is buzzing.
A swarm of bees attacked us without mercy.
I got a bee sting.
Bee stings can be very painful.
Bees fly from flower to flower.
Too much praise will turn her head.
You had better make sure that he is at home before you call on him.
It is very courteous of you to call on me.
After a short visit he suddenly got up and took his leave.
The visitor was none other than the principal.
When I call on you, I'll let you know in advance.
The visitors are to come on the 18th and leave on the 20th.
All the visitors returned home one after another.
Visitors are welcome.
Visitors are usually asked to remove their shoes before they enter a Japanese house.
The visitor left a message with his sister.
It is a pity that some people starve to death even in the midst of plenty.
How to distribute abundance is a great problem.
It seems that the rich part of humanity doesn't care much for the problems of the poor part.
In an affluent society most people have a high standard of living.
Yutaka has two elder brothers.
The good harvest brought down the price of rice.
How long does it take to go to the Toshima Ward Office?
Kunihiko hit the target with his first shot.
We had to put up with Kunio's poor table manners because he refused to change.
Our party will resist to the bitter end.
Every time I see that picture of my late mother, I feel a lump in my throat.
His heart bled for his lost friend.
By gift of the late Mr Smith the hospital received 3,000 dollars.
Onlookers see most of the game.
They are cutting loose.
One of the visitors cried out to obstruct the proceedings.
Where is your mother, boy?
The hat got wet and went limp.
My hat blew off.
The boy fanned himself with his hat.
Leave your hat and overcoat in the hall.
When you enter the classroom, you should take off your cap.
Put your hat on.
Remove your hat.
I hung my hat on the peg.
Take off your cap.
Hang your hat on the hook.
Please stop playing with your hat.
An unforgettable event occurred.
Don't forget to mail this letter.
Don't forget to return the book to the library.
Don't fail to lock the door.
Don't forget to fasten your safety belts.
Be sure to bring rain gear.
Do not forget to meet me at the station.
Remember to meet me at the station.
Bring an umbrella without forgetting.
Please remember to mail my letter.
Don't forget to count me in.
Don't forget to add me in.
I must remember to mail the letter.
Please don't forget to post the letters.
Don't forget to count how many people attend.
Don't forget to sign your name.
Don't forget to call me.
Don't forget to pick me up at 6 o'clock tomorrow.
Remember to post the letters tomorrow.
Be sure and call me tonight.
I am disgusted with myself for my short memory.
I wrote down her address so that I wouldn't forget it.
Do it right now, before you forget.
Write it down before you forget it.
Before I forget, I will tell you.
You should write it down before you forget it.
I must write down his address before I forget it.
Write down his phone number before you forget.
Don't forget to post this letter.
I wrote down his phone number lest I should forget it.
Make a note of it in order not to forget it.
Remind me that the meeting is on Monday.
I wrote his name down for fear I should forget it.
He wrote it down lest he should forget it.
I wrote down her address so as not to forget it.
Write down the name in case you forget it.
I have forgotten. But you can see that for yourself when you take off his hat.
Please put down my address in case you forget it.
Do you have everything?
Saying you can't do the job because you're too busy is just a cop out.
As I am busy, I cannot go.
I'm so busy I can't attend the party.
The busiest men find the most time.
The busy bee has no time for sorrow.
I didn't answer your letter, because I was busy.
Busy as she was, she came to see me.
I don't want to intrude on them if they're busy.
Staying busy and crazy!!
I've got no time for that now.
We're too busy to attend to such detail.
I am tied up at the office.
I'm tied up at the office.
Are you too busy to drop me a line?
I'm too busy to have time to enjoy myself.
Please come around someday when you aren't busy.
Why don't you go fishing with us this weekend if you aren't busy?
I was too busy to write you.
A ruffian's pistol went off.
The tyrant's heart melted with compassion.
The rioters were forcibly removed from the plaza.
There was only one warden on duty when the riot started.
The riot was put down.
Rumor of a riot was in the air.
His analysis of the causes of the uprising was correct.
The rebellion was soon put down.
The riot got out of hand.
The riot was completely out of control.
He instigated the riot.
Troops were swiftly called in to put down the riot.
The house was carried away by strong winds.
We had our house blown down by the storm.
The storm prevented our plane from taking off.
The storm raged in all its fury.
The storm was accompanied with thunder.
Work on the road was suspended because of the storm.
Don't resort to violence.
Violence is the cancer of our society.
We must do away with violence.
It is up to the government to take action on violence.
The gang leader made all the members toe the line, keeping control through fear.
The gangsters extorted a vast sum of money from the rich man.
The gang was planning a robbery.
Spying on gangsters was a dangerous venture.
Violent crime spread into the suburbs.
There remains nothing to be desired.
It is not good wishing.
It was identified by telescope as a torch.
Seen through a telescope, the planets take on a completely new appearance.
Throw a stick and watch the dog fetch it.
Trade increased the country's wealth.
The activity of foreign trade has been declining of late.
Trade helps nations develop.
Foreign trade consists of a two-way flow of commodities-export and import.
The trade negotiations are still up in the air.
The trade balance registered a surplus of $76 billion, with exports reaching $314 billion and imports $238 billion.
Trade barriers were lifted after the war ended.
We must deliberate seriously on trade deficit.
Trading partners are leaning on Japan to clarify its trade policy.
The trade imbalance bulks large in our minds.
The defenders put up a stout resistance.
The instinct of self-defense is inherent in any animal.
Their defense came apart.
Don't be afraid of barking dogs.
What is the highest mountain in North America?
In North America, business operates on "the customer is always right" principle.
It is quite common in North America for homes to have a one or two-car garage.
In North America it is against the law to fail to fasten your seatbelt.
There was a cold wind blowing from the north.
In the north, there's Scotland; in the south, England; in the west, Wales; and further west, Northern Ireland.
In the north it is cold in winter.
If you face north, the east is on your right.
Winter comes earlier in North Europe.
Oil has been discovered under the North Sea.
It is not always cold in Hokkaido.
It will be snowing in Hokkaido now.
They get a great deal of snow in Hokkaido.
In Hokkaido, they make horses of straw.
My cousin in Hokkaido is a good skier.
I've never been to Hokkaido.
There are a lot of places to see in Hokkaido.
There are a lot of long and straight roads in Hokkaido.
A trip to Hokkaido is not a trip to Hokkaido unless you try the seafood.
As soon as I get to Hokkaido, I'll drop you a line.
Part of Hokkaido still remains in its natural state.
The streets of Hokkaido are very wide.
Many farmers in Hokkaido grow potatoes.
The earthquake in Hokkaido caused extensive damage.
The streets in Hokkaido are wide.
Hokkaido is very far, isn't it?
It snows a lot in Hokkaido, doesn't it?
Did you enjoy staying in Hokkaido?
Hokkaido is very cold compared with Kyushu.
It may be snowing in Hokkaido.
Hokkaido is to the north of Sendai.
Hokkaido lies in the north of Japan.
Hokkaido is in the north of Japan.
Hokkaido is to the north of Honshu.
I'm going to climb Mt. Kitadake.
Take a moment to imagine what the polar bear's environment is like.
To survive, the polar bear must keep its body at the right temperature and store enough energy to last between meals that could be a few days or a few months apart.
The polar bear, which lives on the polar ice-cap, will lose its home and die out.
The Arctic is the area round the North Pole.
To reach the North Pole is not easy.
You can find the Big Dipper easily.
The land to the northeast was low-lying.
There are colossal mountains in the north.
The north wind held on all day.
A north wind blows, obviously off the icebergs.
In North America when a person shrugs his shoulders it means "I don't know".
Somebody up there loves me.
I am keen on tennis.
I'm as hungry as a horse.
I'm afraid my greatest talent is for eating.
What if I say "no"?
Don't let go of the rope till I tell you.
Keep an eye on the baby while I am away.
Just because I'm a wolf, everyone thinks I'm the bad guy.
I'll pay the bill.
I rushed to Grannie's house and it wasn't locked, so I went inside.
It was impossible for me to answer this question.
How about my showing you around the town?
I wrote this book.
It was difficult for me to become a starting player.
Don't worry. I'll stay with you.
I'll do the shooting.
When I turned the screw, water burst out.
I will.
I'll admit I'm wrong.
It's not my fault.
I'll hide and you find me. O.K.?
He hung up before I could say anything.
When I get home, someone will be cleaning the garage.
He pleaded for me when I made a blunder.
If I were you, I would not have said such nonsense.
If I were you, I would propose to her.
I wouldn't bet on that horse if I were you.
This is what I can do for you.
I will take over your job.
Were I in your position, I shouldn't know what to do.
I'll take back all I said.
Stay where you are until I give you a sign.
You've come up in the world since the last time I saw you.
I'll cover for you.
I'm right.
This is what I have been looking for.
She agreed to my plan after I had given a little.
Everyone I know speaks well of her.
I wagered him a dollar that I'd sell more magazines than he would.
You say I should know him quite well, but as a matter of fact, I was introduced to him only last week.
I will go to encourage him.
It's been three months since I met her.
I'll take care of the bill.
He wasn't at home when I called on him.
I'll see to it.
Every time I fall in love, Dad tells me the girl is my half sister.
Only I could answer the question correctly.
Do you remember the day when we met first?
Deal us the cards.
As soon as we get the answer, we'll phone you.
Our class consists of 40 boys.
Our school beat Keio at baseball.
Our teacher really stands on ceremony, doesn't she?
I am hoping to put an end to our unhappy relationship.
Don't interrupt our conversation.
Don't cut in while we're talking.
We were only just in time for the last train.
We gave the car a push.
We had a birthday party for the old lady.
We played chess not so much to enjoy the game as just to kill time.
We hurried so as not to be late for the concert.
We found it difficult to enter the disco.
We took a good place to see the parade.
We're already high up in the sky.
We sat in the nose-bleed-section and could barely see the game.
We're longing for the summer vacation.
We saw a strange object in the sky.
We really painted the town red last night.
We go out together every weekend.
We dined at our uncle's.
We are staying at our uncle's.
We cannot decide whether to go to college or not.
We walked round the pond.
We pigged out on pizza and chicken at lunchtime.
We sat down and hashed out all the details until we reached an agreement.
We are not always at home on Sundays.
We often played chess after school.
We were going to play baseball.
If I were you, I wouldn't do so.
I wouldn't have the cheek to say such a thing.
If I were you, I would wait and see.
I'm a bit of a reader myself.
I was not born yesterday.
I'm so proud to know that she's mine.
I'm the type who gets nervous in front of people, so I'm bad at speech making.
Have you made up your mind to come with me?
The girl I went to the movies with is a friend of mine.
Please don't compare me with my brother.
Will you exchange seats with me?
My brother and I like the same food.
She and I are classmates.
I'd get a soup plate and then slide the glass very carefully over to the edge of the table, and let the water run into the soup plate - it doesn't have to run onto the floor.
Save me some ice cream.
Who are you to talk to me like that?
You're the apple of my eye.
I can't understand this business.
That just doesn't make sense to me.
I have a lot of problems to solve.
I feel the cold very much.
I cannot understand what you say.
I have one big brother and two little sisters.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle.
I can not afford to keep a car.
I have a natural ability in mathematics.
I have no one to turn to for advice.
I have many abilities.
Tom can hang tough, I am sure.
Please make a milkshake for me.
No one knows my broken dream.
Why don't you come to the movies with me?
He degraded himself by telling me lies.
Can you give me a house?
It's no use asking me for money.
Tell me the truth.
Leave it to me.
If you don't believe me, go and see it for yourself.
My grandfather usually eats breakfast at six.
Please fix my toy.
My doctor told me to stay at home for a week.
Oh, would you catch the phone for me, please?
No other girl in my class is prettier than Linda.
There is a Tanaka in my class, too.
She's my classmate.
Don't interfere in my affairs.
Don't stand by me.
Where's my box of chocolates?
My cassette tape recorder needs fixing.
My bike is not anything like yours.
My car's in the shop.
I can't find my pen.
What have you done with my pen?
My boss is a slave driver.
What did you do with my glasses? They were here a minute ago.
Whatever I have is yours.
Don't find fault with me.
How my poor heart aches!
My apartment is near here.
My house looks toward the sea.
My briefcase was nowhere to be found.
My dream is to become a very strong mahjong player.
My hometown is adjacent to the ocean.
My shoes are bigger than yours.
Do you know my brother Masao?
I have gone astray somewhere in my calculation.
My dog is smaller than yours is.
The way I see it, he is right.
Do you know what I mean?
Please listen carefully to what I have to say.
My opinion differs from yours.
My behavior put him out of humor.
My act incurred a blame.
Don't tell on me.
My rusty Ford broke down, obstructing the intersection.
My sister hit the jackpot!
Do you love me?
Do you know where my watch is?
Where is my watch?
My watch keeps good time.
Don't laugh at my failure.
My method displayed a different spirit.
Would you please take my picture?
You may use my car at any time.
Leave my car alone.
My car is broken and it's in the shop now.
You won't find my weak point.
My hobby is collecting old coins.
My hobby is reading comics.
My income is twice as large as yours is.
May I leave my homework here?
I have been dealt four aces.
My jacket is made differently from yours.
Look at my new car.
I have a feeling that something is lacking in my life.
You can't run my life.
Can you hear I'm calling?
I'd like you to see my collection of stamps.
My predecessors had asked their questions of nature with genuine curiosity and awaited her reply.
Two boys stood in front of me.
Walk ahead of me.
I am not responsible to you for my blunder.
That isn't what I'm looking for.
I hope you'll come to my birthday party.
If you follow my advice, you will have no trouble.
My immediate boss is tough to please.
The trees in my garden are putting out leaves.
My hair has grown too long.
My girlfriend has gone to Canada.
My flight was canceled and I can't leave until tomorrow.
My father is, so to speak, a walking dictionary.
My father has no longer a responsible position.
When my father was offered a golden handshake, he took it.
The afternoon sun comes directly into my room.
That's not what I heard. I heard he's patching everything up with his wife.
I was relieved that I could make my broken English understood.
My mother is good at cooking.
Fetch me my hat.
Did you mention my book?
It was your child who tore my book to pieces.
My name is Yatarou.
I'm sure about his name.
I only have eyes for you - honestly.
Everything went black.
My friends were so boozed up that I had to drive them home.
All of my friends like soccer.
If anyone calls me up while I'm away, tell them I'll be back by five.
Please put my room in order while I am out.
I'm not tired at all.
I could read between the lines.
I tried this and that, blending yellow with white powders and obtaining brown, mixing crystals with powders and getting dust, combining liquids with solids and making mud.
I'm much less likely to win her favors than you are.
I've seen a couple of Kurosawa's films.
I am supposed to meet him at four.
I was taken to a circus for the first time.
I consider him to be an excellent teacher.
I asked her to wait a minute.
I offered to help her with her homework.
I prefer travelling by train to flying.
I trusted him with all the money I had.
I have not been able to go to school for a week.
I can not do without this dictionary even for a single day.
I brush my teeth twice a day.
I took Highway 58.
I can't leave work until five.
I get up at six.
I am to meet her on Platform 8.
I gave her my word I would be back home by nine.
I like a GP01Fb better than a GP02.
I take sides with you.
I don't like the atmosphere of that school.
I have got acquainted with them.
I can't play tennis very much.
I feel fine.
I can't even read Italian, let alone write it.
I go by Itch.
I go to bed at ten as a rule.
I'm always looking at you.
I always photograph badly.
I was being taught to cheat.
I have exhausted my energy.
Oh, I didn't like the ending.
I visited my grandmother's house.
I fell asleep before my father came home.
I plan to go skiing with my girlfriend.
I have three cameras.
I am fond of playing the guitar.
I am fond of Cathy.
I meet him at the club.
I gave the bag back to Ken.
I'm not keen on this kind of music.
I haven't seen him for about three years.
I've been going steady with her for three years.
I've wanted this CD player for a long time.
I would like to have this camera.
I'm sick of conferences these days.
I am looking forward to walking around the Izu Peninsula with some of my friends during summer vacation.
I have decided to carry on the work.
I haven't got time to deal with this letter. Could you deal with it?
I am a man of absolute sincerity.
I like this color as well.
I borrowed the book from this library.
I am going to make him a serious offer.
I'm off cigarettes for good.
I don't like to take on any more work.
I can't walk any further.
I saw a marvelous animal act at the circus.
I had to pay 5 dollars in addition.
I thought hard.
I am often in difficulties.
I frequently correspond with her.
I will just hang around here for a while.
I run as fast as Jim.
I like jazz.
I'm going to change my shirt.
I am always leaving my umbrella on the train.
I called Susan to apologize to her, but she hung up on me.
I am thinking of resigning at once.
I started last in the race.
I want more of the steak.
I'm bad at sports.
I went there times without number.
I had intended to go there.
I was enchanted by the performance of the group.
I took a fancy to the singer.
I learned nothing from the teacher.
I have nothing to complain of the conclusion.
I have nothing to do with the matter.
I had never seen so much money.
I was attracted to the girl.
I was amazed at the boy's intelligence.
I agreed to the proposal.
I agree with him on that point.
I gave the poor boy what little money I had with me.
I spent two hours solving the problem.
I cannot silently overlook this problem.
It goes against the grain with me.
I think that it's true.
I know better than to do a thing like that.
I teamed up with Brendon for the doubles tournament.
I just want to glance at the paper.
I ran as fast as possible, but I was not in time for the last train.
I made an awful mistake in the test.
I don't care for television very much.
I prefer listening to the radio to watching television.
I remember locking the door.
I turned the doorknob.
I'm so happy.
I am very dangerous.
I'm as tall as Tom.
I want to make friends with Nancy.
How foolish I am!
I went down to the sports office to sign up for the last position on the basketball team, but somebody else beat me to it.
I like to play basketball.
I go to school by bus.
I had my pocket picked in the bus.
I can play the piano, he thought.
I put it in my head to go there by myself.
Suddenly, my feet stopped.
I felt much more relaxed.
I haven't read the final page of the novel yet.
I have never eaten a mango before.
I still don't wish to see the Styx.
I haven't been able to remember her address.
It gave me quite a shock.
I got along with everybody.
I walked in a contrary direction to everyone else.
I am completely accustomed to this kind of work now.
I can wait no longer.
I'm getting sick of hearing you complain.
I've got to go now.
I have to go now.
I'm fed up with math.
I'm a country boy now.
It's all up with me.
An experiment, I would learn much later, when studying the philosophy of science, had to arise from a real dissatisfaction with existing knowledge.
Mary gave me the ax last night.
I often go to the bookstore.
I am often mistaken for my brother.
I put the lighter out.
I'm thinking of matching you against Yoshida in the race.
I'm fed up with eating in restaurants.
I got up while it was still dark.
I felt after the switch in the dark.
I heard an unusual sound.
I want to be a doctor.
I've got to take my library books back before January 25th.
I gave up smoking a year ago.
Lady luck is smiling on me, and I'll be fine.
I feel more comfortable behind the wheel.
I have to prepare for the test in English.
I've got the devil's own luck in everything.
I've been searching for my puppy for weeks.
I stayed at my uncle's during the summer.
I felt the house shake a little. Didn't you?
I'll stay home.
I don't know what to do with my leisure.
I carried on singing.
I'm patient.
I took to her the moment I met her.
I have got higher grades.
I like vocal music better than instrumental music.
I have a sweet-tooth.
I'm wrong, am I not?
I like instrumental music.
I am nervous in a sense.
I like putting machines together.
I heaved myself up.
I am determined to make a living as a playwright.
I suddenly became very sad.
I made a long journey last year.
I contended against falsehood.
I'm too excited to eat anything.
I took the shortcut back to the woods, locked my shelter, and opened the basket.
I work not so much for money as for the work itself.
I hit on a spa.
I love you all the more for your faults.
I wish I were as smart as you are.
I don't quite agree with you.
I have bought the same camera as you have.
I can swim as well as you.
I caught up with you.
I am afraid I'll be a burden to you.
I am thinking of nothing but you.
I'm not satisfied with what you've done.
I'm your flatmate Paul.
I agree with you absolutely.
I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it.
I am concerned for your health.
I can't make out what you're saying.
I don't subscribe to your idea.
I feel resentment against your unwarranted criticism.
I didn't call on you for fear of disturbing you.
I am certain of your success.
I congratulate you on your success.
I'm displeased at your negligence.
I call your name.
I've got everything that you want.
I guess I'm not as smart as you.
I will make you happy.
I support you whole-heartedly.
I've been looking for you.
I'm never late for school.
By no means do I dislike farming.
But I'll never be defeated, never lose my way.
I will never violate a law again.
I'm going to fly to the moon.
I have taught my dog to sit up and beg.
I borrowed Father's hammer to build a dog house.
I looked over my shoulder.
I recognized Mary the moment I saw her.
I do not desert.
I felt that I was being spied on.
I was looking forward to the day when I could see him after five years' separation.
I felt ill at ease in the presence of the principal.
I've been there, and it's not all it's cracked up to be.
I belonged to the harmonica club in my high school days.
I am exhausted with toil.
I want something to drink now.
I want something cold to drink now.
I am in London.
I'm being patient.
I've made up my mind to study harder from now on.
I'll be on duty this Sunday.
I am going to put this machine to the test today.
I am supposed to meet him at four this afternoon.
I am not in the humor for working hard today.
I have a good many things to do today.
I have no energy today.
I intend to listen to it tonight.
I'm left-handed.
I shut my eyes again.
I am interested in chess these days.
I know little of the recent situation.
I made a big mistake in choosing my wife.
I spent two hours watching television last night.
I can put up with a house being untidy, but I don't like it to be dirty.
My family comes before my career.
I had a quarrel with my sister.
When I was a child, I was always drinking milk.
I am doing business on a large scale.
I dealt with the accident.
I've already picked out the CD I'm going to buy next.
I tried cycling to work for a while but I didn't take to it.
I could not afford to buy a bicycle, much less a car.
I'm getting sick of the ride.
I persist in my popularity.
I have a dictionary.
I was not being taught to experiment or even to repeat experiments.
I studied my part in the play.
I have two cars.
I'm young.
I wanted to be an inventor when I was young.
I was quick tempered when I was young.
I've come here to help you.
I live above my means.
I looked around me.
I tried to absorb as much of local culture as possible.
I don't mind hot weather.
I'd like to engage in foreign trade in the future.
I am not in the least happy.
I must manage on a small income.
I caught sight of the boy escaping from the classroom.
As a boy I used to lie on my back and look at white clouds.
As a boy, I used to lie on my back on the grass and look at white clouds.
I could hardly keep from laughing.
I want to sleep.
I used to read detective stories before going to bed.
I overslept and was late for school.
I love her from the bottom of my heart.
I am not the captain of the new team.
I'm not very good at swimming.
I realized that I couldn't beat him in math.
I'm going to give up math.
I felt like I was dead.
I have a passion for stones.
I can no more play the violin than a baby can.
I am afraid of what the teacher will say.
I bought this book the other day.
I am able to swim across the river.
I was dazzled by the headlights of an approaching car.
I don't feel like eating at all.
I plan to take up engineering at college.
I get nervous when I speak before a large audience.
I learned many of Takuboku's poems by heart.
I asked him point-blank.
I'll get in.
I'm driving into town so I can drop you off on the way.
I work best under pressure.
I share an apartment with my brother.
I aimed my gun at the target.
I grew up in the country.
I'll be off duty at noon on Saturday.
I don't go by what he says.
I am looking forward to going to the zoo.
I am in pursuit of points.
I sniffed the smell.
I feel for my father, who has to work on Sundays.
I am round shouldered.
I want to ride a horse.
I wanted my hair cut short.
I caught sight of him escaping from that shop.
I am speculating that he may win the game.
I shared a room with him.
I am in no small degree indebted to him.
I urged him to get away and cool down.
I have gotten him into trouble.
I have five times as many stamps as he does.
I don't want to respect a man like him.
I am fed up with his vulgar jokes.
I can't trust in his word.
I can't think of his name.
I think him a fool.
I cannot run faster than he.
I asked him to reconcile them with each other.
I took no little pains to help him out of the difficulty.
I stood for him.
I practiced my English on him.
I took to her.
I expected her to have come yesterday.
I think that she knows the truth.
I'm walking beside her.
I want to marry her.
I'm angry with her.
I made a fuss of her family.
I accompanied her on the piano.
I caught her by the hand.
I took down her telephone number in my notebook.
I was very much surprised by her sudden change of mind.
I was captivated by her beauty.
I prevail on her to have a date with me.
I love her and she loves me.
I like watching planes take off.
I got the short straw.
I may not be all that I should be as a husband.
I don't remember my father's face accurately.
I went there on an errand for Father.
I got nervous on the stage.
I have a cold.
I was disguised in girl's clothes at the school festival.
I belong to the literary circle.
I told the story to anyone who would listen.
I study English two hours a day on an average.
I don't think he's playing with a full deck.
I'll be watching you.
I went on foot only one way.
I am tired from walking.
I almost always play baseball after school.
I have much to do.
I sold my books cheaply.
I mean what I'm saying.
I had my sister take a picture of me.
I am planning to call on Mary the day after tomorrow.
I have many model cars.
I painted the gate blue.
I'm a night owl.
I like walking at night.
I like outdoor sports, such as baseball, tennis and soccer.
I parted from my friend in anger.
I got the pears for nothing.
And you say I don't have a nose for what's popular.
I'm busy preparing for the trip.
At the age of six, I was taken to a circus for the first time.
I also like cake.
Let me join in the game.
I'll join in ten minutes.
Me, too.
Me too. What about playing tennis.
I'm in the same boat.
May I join you?
I am no more happy than you are.
Not only I, but also you are responsible for this accident.
I don't usually take long baths but you're in and out in no time.
I can run as fast.
I felt the same way when I first saw Japan from a plane.
I agree with you that we should try again.
I feel we shall win.
The prospects for our victory are excellent.
We have nothing in common.
If our last batter had not hit a home run, team would have lost the game.
The water was dead around us.
Our university building is now under construction on a hillside in the north of Fukuoka.
We expect him to show up on Saturday afternoon.
We learned at school that the square root of nine is three.
When can we eat?
We queued up to get tickets for the concert.
We gazed at the beautiful scenery.
We could not play owing to the rain.
We weren't aware of the time.
We are in the heyday of youth.
Let's pretend that we're soldiers.
We hit the hay early in order to get up at dawn.
We talked until two in the morning.
She took me half way there, and then played innocent.
You take me for a sucker, don't you?
Can you hide me from the police?
Our team fought off all the others.
Let's all make a toast to our glory days.
We were satisfied with the delicious food.
We saw Mac make a fantastic shot.
We bought new uniforms to wear at the game.
We played around the farm.
We are disgusted by his bad manners.
We watched them score one basket after another.
We had our photo taken on the beach.
He doesn't like us.
Hopefully, we'll enjoy our China trip.
I'm behind and exams are coming up.
India ink produces an interesting pattern when used as a dye.
The minister inspired us with a marvelous sermon.
The main duty of a priest is to preach in church.
The priest gave me his blessing.
The priest made the sign of the cross.
The minister listened to her profession of Christianity.
There are a lot of sheep in the pasture.
The cowboys rounded up the herd of cattle.
The cowboys rode into an unknown town.
Dr. Makino is looked up to by many people.
A sheep dog drives the flock to the pasture.
Live a riotous life.
A book dropped from the shelf.
We would be happy to send our book to you when it is published.
I haven't enough material to write a book yet.
Please tell me a place to read books.
Books occupy most of his room.
If you need books, make the most of the books in the library.
There were books lying about the room.
Put away your books and notebooks.
I have tried every diet that has ever been published and I still haven't lost weight.
I turn over a page of the book.
If the list of books is too long, please leave out all foreign books.
Please tell me how to take a book.
Books are to the mind what food is to the body.
You are allowed to check out not more than five books at a time.
Do you agree with what he says in the book?
I made an abstract of a book.
Books are now within the reach of everybody.
We cannot read too many books.
Leave the books as they are.
The books were tied up in a bundle.
They have few books.
Nowadays anybody can get books.
The book was given to him by me.
A book is made of paper.
Can I take books out?
Choose a book carefully.
The books were taken away by the students.
A book can be compared to a friend.
One can classify books into good ones and bad ones.
Leave the books and magazines as they are.
Don't put the books in the shelf upside down.
He has books galore.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
I have bought a lot of books.
Are you certain that you lost your book, or did you merely misplace it?
I'd like a book.
I went on with my reading.
Bring your books down.
Have you ever written a book?
Put your books in order.
The first necessary thing in choosing books to read is to select those which really interest you.
I asked her to send us the book.
Besides lending books, libraries offer various other services.
By reading books and discussing concepts, a person can gain wisdom and tolerance of differing ideas.
I fell asleep while reading.
Don't eat while reading.
Having read the book, she went shopping.
To read books is important.
Reading a book is interesting.
To read books is custom with me.
Reading books is very interesting.
I don't have time to read.
While reading a book, he fell asleep.
I am reading a book.
While reading a book, I fell asleep.
The girl reading a book is Kate.
The boy reading a book is John.
I will return your book on Tuesday if I have finished it.
It seems, from books, that the colonizers and adventurers went sailing off to a new fine life, a new country, opportunities, and so forth.
I spent hours reading books.
Look at me with your books closed.
Put your books away.
Did you take back the books?
Don't lend a borrowed book to another.
I always buy the English-language books I come across at bookstores. But since I never read them, all they do is pile up.
The bookseller charged me ten dollars for the book.
It's three years since I had a real vacation.
What is the reason you want to enter this college?
I mean it!
Do you mean what you say?
Do you really mean it?
Do you really love me?
You can't be serious.
Could you share your honest opinion on this issue?
Not all the students of this school go on to university.
This letter contains sensitive information that may offend some people.
Open your heart and tell me everything.
He's completely convinced of his own greatness but to the people around him he's just a selfish jerk.
Let's not deviate from the subject.
I'll get even with you!
Let's get down to brass tacks and talk business.
Is there an English-Japanese dictionary on the bookshelf?
Can you reach to the top of the bookshelf?
The main street is very broad.
The main office was raided by the police.
It is usually the islander who sees the mainland most clearly.
Oh, really? When did he leave?
Do you? Why?
Really? It took me an hour by train.
Did you ever?
Better believe it.
The news is too good to be true.
Is that true?
It's such a nice change.
You're really absent-minded.
Thank you kindly.
It's so lovely a day.
It really gets on my nerves.
Looks really nice.
I feel deeply for you.
I'm really up a tree.
Can I really have it at this price?
I really feel bad about it.
Can computers actually translate literary works?
I'm terribly sorry.
Oh, I'm terribly sorry.
You can't be so sure.
Is it really the case?
I do think so.
The actor really played cowboy roles better than any other actor.
I don't really care that much.
You really must stop smoking.
I only come once in a blue moon.
Can you handle it?
Many thanks.
I was fine and startled.
I do feel on the mend.
You really did a good job.
It really suits you.
I'm really sorry, but I seem to have misplaced your scarf.
They were really cut from the same cloth.
You are truly an antidote for my melancholy.
Only dedicated girls can endure this task.
You have too many likes and dislikes.
It was real hard work.
These are truly the best products.
I'm really confused.
I do think that it is a pity.
I really must have my watch repaired.
He's really selfish.
We can't really throw it away!
It's really hot there.
This is really from my heart.
I'm very sorry, but I seem to have lost your umbrella.
It is not what a man has but what he is that is really important.
Do Japanese children really paint the sun red?
What do you really think of him?
In fact, he hardly ever complains about his college life.
I have had such a busy morning.
I'm not really asleep, just dozing.
It was really interesting.
To tell the truth, I didn't solve this question.
To tell the truth, I think you are wrong.
Would you be kind enough to tell me the truth?
I'm not much for sports to tell the truth.
To tell the truth, I am not your father.
To tell the truth, he is a famous lawyer.
To tell the truth, she no longer loves him.
To tell the truth, he is not a human being.
Had I known the truth, I would have told it to you.
It is not a real mansion.
A true scientist wouldn't think like that.
A true scientist would not think like that.
The real problem lies in his character.
To tell the truth, I didn't go there.
You were courageous to tell the truth.
I regret telling you the truth.
I must be true to myself.
Read between the lines.
A true gentleman would not betray his friends.
The real war is much more horrible than this story.
The real issue is how to prevent the disease.
Real friendship is more valuable than money.
A true friend would have acted differently.
A true friend would not say such a thing.
A true friend would not betray you.
Tell me a true story.
In fact, he is a nice fellow.
The truth is that the statement is his personal view.
The thing is, I don't really want to.
The truth is that he didn't write a letter to her.
I wish I could go.
I'm not really familiar with computers.
To tell the truth, I am tired of it.
Please visit there today.
What are you serving today?
Today's movie is The Sound of Music.
The stock prices are on the low side today.
Let me tell you about our special.
Instinct is often a poor guide.
It is hard to discern between the true and the false.
He can't tell the true from the false.
It'll be cheaper in the long run to use real leather.
Make it real.
Since the favorite and his rival were running against each other a dark horse like him was able to pull out in front.
Medicaid, a program originally created to provide medical care for poverty-level women and children, today spends almost a third of its budget on elderly people.
In this paper I would like to examine the notion of "dyad style" and its influence on fine arts.
I am studying to be a translator or interpreter.
The quality of translation has improved.
Translation is by no means easy.
Translating helps us to know our mother tongue better.
Let's compare the translation with the original.
The translator found it impossible to explain what he meant.
Friction causes a match to light.
The devil challenged God to a baseball game.
"How can I lose?" answered Satan. "All the umpires are down here in Hell."
The queen of the witches is dead.
The witch cursed the poor little girl.
Her coven conjures the demons.
Asahara thinks himself a savior.
I'll give you anaesthesia.
I like mahjong.
Do you know how to play mahjong?
Mahjong is one of the most interesting games.
Mahjong is a game well-known all around the world.
Mahjong is a game four people play.
Mahjong tiles are very beautiful.
If you mess with drugs, you're asking for trouble.
Drug money and Mafia money are often blood money.
We must eradicate the drug traffic, root and branch.
I think he should stay away from drugs of any sort.
The drug problem is international.
Drug addiction degraded many people.
Drug addiction is a cancer in modern society.
I'll make it up for you.
Well do I remember the day when my sister was born.
I saw my sister there.
I heard from my sister. The letter says she is well now.
It is three years since my sister got married.
My sister will prepare breakfast.
My sister is having a conversation with her friends.
I'm glad to hear that your sister is out of danger after her operation.
How's your sister?
What do you say to bringing your sister?
My sister and I go to the movies from time to time.
My sister and I take turns in cleaning our room.
It was no good persuading my sister to give up.
My sister has two sons, so I have two nephews.
My sister has youth and dreams.
She had her blouse ironed by her sister.
I will have my sister pick you up at the station.
My sister has perfect vision.
I gave my sister a pearl necklace on her birthday.
My sister's hair reaches to her shoulders.
My sister can play the piano better than I can.
My sister did not say "Hello".
My sister asked me to teach her how to ski.
My sister never fails to write home once a month.
My sister is twenty-one years old and a college student.
My sister is three years younger than I and my brother is four years younger.
My sister is always in such a hurry that she often leaves things behind.
My sister was successful in the examination.
My sister saw it with her own eyes.
My little sister can read books well now.
My sister is suffering from a bad cold.
My sister is old enough to go to a workout studio by herself.
My sister has a good command of both English and French.
My sister is too young to go to school.
My sister has long legs and likes sports.
My sister has a job.
My sister has been taking piano lessons since she was four.
My sister insisted on going with me.
My little sister sometimes wished she was a boy.
My sister takes care of everything she possesses.
My sister dropped her plate on the floor.
My sister laughed to her heart's content.
My sister is playing with a doll.
My little sister was excited to see the waterfowl.
My little sister painted a picture of a snowman.
My sister is constantly reading comic books.
My sister has long legs.
My sister has been studying in her room since this morning.
My sister has been knitting since this morning.
My sister doesn't wish to associate with them.
My sister bought five yards of cloth.
Apart from my sister, my family doesn't watch TV.
My sister resembles my mother.
My sister will have finished her homework before she goes to Hokkaido.
My sister is clumsy, which is a disadvantage to her.
My sister will marry early next year.
I'll bring my sister to the party.
Wash your hands before each meal.
How much is your monthly gas bill?
We hold a meeting once a month.
How often do you go to the movies every month?
I hear from my friend every month.
They collect our garbage every Monday.
Every Tuesday her fat little fingers flew like birds up and down the keys of song too.
Every Tuesday morning an old lady called Mrs. Lark came to the children sang.
Every week he goes fishing.
Each week, Mrs. Tanaka saves a little money for a rainy day.
We played tennis after school every Saturday.
Every Sunday, Takashi loves to adjust his car's engine.
I do it every Sunday morning.
Brush your teeth after each meal.
I've decided to jog every morning.
Every morning I set my watch by the station clock.
Cows give their calves milk every morning.
You look on top of the world every morning.
I'm getting pretty worn out driving every morning.
Would you wake me up every morning?
I walk my dog in the park every morning.
It is good for your health to take a walk every morning.
We have a homeroom meeting for ten minutes every morning.
I'll make an effort to get up early every morning.
His dog stared at him every morning while he had his breakfast.
You can hear her singing every morning.
I make it a rule to go jogging every morning.
I always watch the weather report before going out in the morning.
I wake him at six every morning.
He does twenty push-ups every morning.
I'm sorry to trouble you so often.
Thank you for your patronage.
I'll be back by 6 o'clock every day.
If one is to save up the chicken feed every day, it will amount to a very substantial sum in a year.
I found it difficult to keep a diary every day.
She plays the piano every day.
Every day I waited for her at the bookstore after school.
He must be a bookworm to read ten books every day.
Take one tablet a day until all of the medicine is gone.
It is necessary to do some exercise every day.
Don't you just hate this weather?
Seven days of Saturday is all that I need.
Is it this hot every day?
Every day the boy would come.
Give them just enough food every day.
Where do you get on the bus every day?
How do you go to school every day?
I am quite tired of daily routine.
Take good care of what you eat and drink every day.
Everyday physical exercise is indispensable to your health.
Daily exercise is effective in overcoming obesity.
I am tired of the day-to-day routine of life.
Don't fail in your daily duties.
The daily trek to midtown Manhattan takes about an hour and a half.
I studied English very hard every day, but I didn't learn a lot.
Study English every day.
I do exercises in English composition every day.
How many hours do you take a nap every day?
Millions of people starve to death every year.
Because I eat out every day, I miss home cooking.
On my way to school each day, I see dogs.
On my way to school each day, I generally see many dogs and cats.
I think it is very good to lead a regular life.
They come to collect the mail at three in the afternoon every day.
I make it a rule to study English for 3 hours every day.
I go to the city pool every day.
Every day we use many things which Edison invented.
Day after day I called on my sick friend.
Brush your teeth every day.
You must clean your room every day.
Learn little by little every day.
We eat a fresh, green salad every day.
Read the newspaper every day, or you will fall behind the times.
If you pig out every day, you're sure to gain too much weight.
Massive amounts of carbon dioxide are generated every day.
You should not have breakfast every day.
Every day I work different hours.
We use the same classroom for two different groups of students each day.
I keep a diary every day.
We must keep a diary every day.
I dislike shopping every day but I must do so.
Every day they killed a llama to make the Sun God happy.
Did you know we lose skin every day?
Some people take a bath every day and others don't.
It is essential for you to practice every day.
Each year, twenty-seven million acres of the tropical rainforests are destroyed.
When you look for an annual diary, what's the most important thing you look for?
Every year, a festival is held when it is the best time to see the cherry trees.
Every year, spring brings warm weather to our town.
Every year brings stranger weather to many areas of the world.
A lot of foreigners visit Japan every year.
Many tourists come to this island every year.
A number of Japanese people travel abroad every summer.
Typhoons strike Japan every year.
Each year Hamamatsu has a kite festival.
They say that every year the number of tourists is greatest in October.
It is stipulated that we should receive a month's vacation every year.
About two million pounds of flour are exported annually.
Each year in July, when the Championships are over, he starts to prepare for the next year.
Each year some 4500 different Pop LPs appear.
I'll have to come here every year.
The number of Europeans who visit Thailand every year is very large.
A great number of accidents happen every year.
It seems that it is getting warmer and warmer every year.
Lots of old people are killed in traffic accidents every year.
I go every year.
About this time of the year typhoons visit the island.
Every year, I buy new notebooks for school.
Every spring I am anxious to get out in the garden again.
Net-profit comes to 10 million dollars every year.
The wheat crop bears a good harvest every year.
Do you know how many people starve to death in the world annually?
A lot of people are killed in automobile accidents every year.
A great number of books are published every year.
It's no good making the same old products year after year.
They had poor crops year after year.
About two million pounds of wheat were exported annually.
I hear from my friend every year.
It'll do harm to you to sit up late every night.
I brush my hair 100 strokes every night.
If you stay out drinking every night, your wife is going to leave you.
If you get enough rest every night, you'll feel much better.
Don't stay up late every night.
I will give you a ring every night.
The curtain rose.
The curtain fell.
The act ended and the lights were turned on.
The curtain raised on a noisy cocktail party.
Could you bring me a pillow and blanket, please?
May I have a pillow and a blanket, please?
Could I have a pillow and blanket?
Can I get a pillow?
I'm very glad to see you again.
He failed the examination again.
Again I was able to escape death.
She was late once again.
I will lend you this CD on condition that you don't lend it to anyone else.
Hope to see you again next year.
One-third of an apple is always given to our youngest daughter.
We wish her many happy years in the future.
I cannot resist eating pudding.
I am descended from a graceful family.
I looked around for a weapon just in case.
Insurance is a good idea - just in case.
It is wise to save money for a rainy day.
If you should change your mind, let me know.
If he should come here, I will let you know at once.
Should he know the fact, he would be astonished.
If he could hear of your marriage, he will be very surprised.
If I should make a lot of money, I would give you half of it.
Should it rain tomorrow, the picnic would be canceled.
If you should die, what would become of your family?
Should anything happen to you, let us know at once.
If this airplane were to be hijacked, what in the world would you do?
If you should see Celia, give her my best wishes.
If Jason should call me, tell him I'm not in.
Should that happen, what will you do?
If you should do that, you would come in for severe criticism.
If anyone were to talk to me like that, I would call a police.
I am saving money to prepare for the worst.
Perhaps I should take an umbrella with me just in case.
Try to keep in touch with me, just in case.
It would be wise of you to save money for a rainy day.
Get hold of the rail just in case.
It is always useful to have savings to fall back on.
Ring the bell in an emergency.
You had better keep your money for a rainy day.
In case of an emergency, phone me at this number.
What if hijackers should appear?
If you should be late again, you'll lose your job.
If it snowed in May, they would be surprised.
If it should rain, the garden party would be in a mess.
We shall put off our departure in case it rains.
If it should rain, the game will be called off.
Should it rain, we wouldn't have a pleasant trip.
Should it rain now.
If the weather should be wet, the garden party will not be held.
If it were to rain, he would not go.
Don't expect me in case it should be rainy.
If anything bad should come about, let me know.
If the hunted should perish, the hunter would, too.
If you should find any mistakes, please let me know at once.
If we should miss the express, we'll take the next train.
If you were to quit your job, what would you do?
If you should meet a bear, pretend to be dead.
If a tiger should come out of the cage, what would you do?
A man who should stop thinking would no longer be a man.
If I should die, please offer my heart to someone who needs it.
Should I be late, don't wait for me.
Should he call me in my absence, please tell him that I will call him back.
If I should fail, I would try again.
Should I fail, what would my parents say?
Should I fail, I would try again.
If you should fail, don't lose heart.
Don't get discouraged if you should fail.
If anything should be wrong with my car, I would go to by bus.
If anything should be wrong with my car, I would go by bus.
What would become of us if war should break out?
Should World War III come about, there would be no winners at all.
If I should be late, start dinner without me.
Should it be fine, I will go.
If I should be suddenly spoken to in English, I might run away.
Should he see you, he would be surprised.
If by any chance he comes here, I'll let you know at once.
If he should call me, please tell him I'll be back in an hour.
Should he hear of your marriage, he will be furious.
If he should call, tell him I am busy.
If he should be busy, help him.
Should he come, give him this paper.
Should he come, what should I say to him?
If you should meet him, tell him to call me up.
If she should come late, give her this message.
What would you do, if you should be taken ill?
How disappointed my parents would be, if I should fail!
If it should rain tomorrow afternoon, we will meet in the gym.
If it should rain tomorrow, I would stay home.
If it should rain tomorrow, they will not go.
If it should rain tomorrow, the game would be called off.
If it should rain tomorrow, I will put off my departure till the first fine day.
Should it rain tomorrow, the baseball game will be postponed.
What if the rainy season should set in tomorrow.
If he should die tomorrow, what in the world would you do?
If we should miss the train, we'll go by bus.
Workers of the world, unite!
Who knows but everything will go well?
I will see that all goes well.
Everything goes well.
Everything fell into my lap.
Much depends upon the result.
Circumstances are entirely favorable to us.
All is well.
It is all over with me. It can't be helped.
Everything went right for me.
Everything is all right.
Have everything ready.
Manjiro played a part in making the two countries friends with each other.
The young men said that they would do it despite all of the difficulties.
I will do it at all costs.
I'll stand by you through thick and thin.
Do you have a fountain pen with you?
All is still.
The curtain fell amid the wild applause of the audience.
I'm suffering from chronic constipation.
Fill it up, please.
Fill it up.
I thought I was going to suffocate on the crowded train.
A full moon is shining bright in the sky.
Was it a full moon or a new moon?
It was by no means unanimous but your proposal was selected.
All the seats are booked.
It is better to be Socrates dissatisfied than a pig satisfied.
Happy is a man who is contented.
You look contented.
A look of contentment appeared on his face.
Enough is as good as a feast.
I intend to get full marks.
I am full, and I can eat no more.
Manga are to the Japanese film industry what bestsellers are to Hollywood.
Under the cartoon, he wrote "Get your hot dogs!"
Reading comics is usually viewed as the pastime of children.
How about the taste?
It is tastes every bit as good as Japanese rice.
Could I have a sample taste?
The miso soup has heated up.
I have never been to Paris.
Adults only.
Minors are prohibited from smoking by law.
Persons under age are prohibited from smoking.
When you come across new words, you must look them up in your dictionary.
There is no knowing what will happen in the future.
How can you be so optimistic about the future?
The future pilot is trained in a mock cockpit.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
Let's drink to our charming hostess!
Even though Sato has a nice personality, he doesn't know its value and doesn't like himself.
Bees provide us with honey.
Hey, there's no pulse.
My pulse is fast.
My pulse is slow.
Strange to say, she suddenly disappeared.
Strange to say, I dreamed the same dream twice last night.
I wake up to the sound of music.
Queer rumors are in the air.
I heard a strange sound.
Strange to say, none of us noticed the mistake.
Strange to say, I didn't feel any pain.
Strange to say, she knows the fact very well.
The voice of the people is the voice of God.
I'm eager to be allowed to do more private-sector investment.
A commercial airplane allegedly violated military airspace.
In a democracy, all citizens have equal rights.
In a democracy, the people elect their government officials directly.
Democracy is the government of the people, by the people, and for the people.
Some have lost faith in democracy.
The precious results of democracy are the apple of the people's eye and the people will fight to maintain these ideals.
Individual freedom is the soul of democracy.
I believe it will be quite a long time before the spirit of democracy pervades our daily life.
Democracy originated in Ancient Greece.
Democracy encourages freedom.
Democracy is not exportable like food or cement.
Democracy is one form of government.
One of the advantages of living in a democracy is that one is permitted to say whatever he thinks.
The Democrats haven't decided on their candidates yet, but in any case they're sure to lose.
Do you think the Democratic Party will get the better of the Republican Party?
The Democrats bought space on commercial television for the campaign.
The people revolted against the tyranny.
People rose in revolt against the King.
The people suffered under the cruel tyrant.
The people revolted against their rulers.
Attention is focussed on the potential for growth of the personal and industrial use garbage compactor market in relation to trends in law.
Ethnic minorities struggle against prejudice, poverty, and oppression.
I'm sleepy!
I'm sleepy, so I am leaving now.
Are you sleepy?
It is no use studying when you are sleepy.
No wonder I'm sleepy.
Refresh yourself with a cup of coffee when sleepy.
We yawn when sleepy or bored.
Sleepy as I was, I managed to finish my homework.
As I was sleepy, I went to bed.
You should not sit up late just because it has charm.
Aren't you sleepy?
Feeling sleepy, I went to bed.
In order to stay awake I may have to drink more coffee.
The sleepy town has been transformed into a bustling city.
Are you sleeping, Tom?
Wake not a sleeping lion.
I had my wallet stolen while I was asleep.
A sleeping child looks like an angel.
It is delightful to look at a sleeping baby.
Take care not to awake the sleeping baby.
Take care lest you should fall asleep.
Let a sleeping dog lie.
I need to get some sleep.
I'm a light sleeper.
Sleep is the greatest thief, for it steals half one's life.
I couldn't sleep.
I lay down not so much to sleep as to think.
When we are asleep, bodily functions slow down and body temperature falls.
See to it that your cigarette is put out before you go to bed.
You had better turn off the light before you go to sleep.
I can't sleep, and I'm just looking at the clock.
I'm trying to sleep.
He blamed me for neglecting my duty.
I was watching TV half sleeping.
May all my dreams come true.
I'm very pleased that your dream came true.
Dreams may be vivid and memorable.
It may not be a dream.
Little did I dream that I would see you here.
Little did I think that I would ever see her again.
The main thing that dreams lack is consistency.
Anything can happen in the world of dreams.
My dream is to take a round-the-world trip.
Dreams come true.
Dreams are the touchstones of our characters.
Dreams came true.
Dreams sometimes come true.
One's dreams do not always come true.
It's like a dream come true.
Get the dream.
I've steeled myself to face a certain amount of sacrifice, effort and hardship if that's what it takes to fulfill my dream.
You can't spend what you don't have.
Nothing comes from nothing.
Nothing can come of nothing.
Could you please find the missing key. I can't open the pantry.
Where is the missing dollar?
She was very glad to find the purse she had given up for lost.
If you are idle, be not solitary, if you are solitary, be not idle.
Ten dollars of regular unleaded, please.
I'd like a full tank of regular unleaded.
Refuse to take no answer.
The eerie silence struck terror into their hearts.
No silence was ever written down.
Who is silent is held to consent.
I like him all the more for his reticence.
Of course, innocent people were released.
An innocent man was arrested by mistake.
I felt left out.
I was admitted to school without having to take an entrance examination.
There were few passengers who were safe.
I was relieved to hear that you had arrived safely.
Nobody will believe his assertion that he is innocent.
Do you believe his statement that he is innocent?
Unable to prove his innocence, he was forced to leave his native town.
What is it like to be innocent?
Hard as he was, his eyes filled with tears.
We agreed to the plan without qualification.
The irreligious scoffed at the bishop's interpretation.
Thousands of small businesses went under during the recession.
It seems appropriate to apply these rules to the voiceless consonants.
It's useless to try and resist.
I do not want to exert myself in vain.
All you need to do is get back the time you have wasted.
Why don't you make up for the lost time?
It is difficult to make up for wasted time.
We are working hard to make up for lost time.
Don't waste your money.
Don't waste your breath.
So use it wisely and don't waste it.
It's high time you stopped wasting your money.
It was a wild goose chase.
You must not park your car there without permission.
You should not be absent without notice.
Plain white paper will do.
I shouldn't have overdone it.
He is riding for a fall.
Making love to an expressionless woman is like sipping soup without any seasoning.
The two men were arrested for reckless driving.
The reckless men froze to death during their expedition to the Antarctic.
No admittance except on business.
Might makes right.
The strain is beginning to tell on him.
You should take it easy.
Don't work too hard!
I don't think she could spare the time because she is always busy with her work.
I'm not asking for the moon.
You're bound to feel that way at first, I guess.
Where might is master, justice is servant.
Don't exert yourself.
You must think it's impossible, but could you at least give it a try?
I don't wanna press you.
It's for free.
You may get it free of charge.
They're giving away samples free.
Is it free?
Conflicting reports prompted the director to reconsider her position.
I hope the fog will go away soon.
The fog is growing thicker.
The mist was so dense that I could not see even an inch ahead.
The fog has lifted.
The fog was thickening quickly.
It was foggy, so it was hard to make out the figures of people walking.
The fog is getting thicker.
A curtain of mist blocked our view.
The fog closed in.
The girl disappeared in the misty forest.
Fog has limited visibility to 100 meters.
The valley was hidden from view in the mist.
The fog prevented the planes from taking off.
Due to the fog, traffic is temporarily suspended.
The mountain was blurred by fog.
Railroad service was suspended because of the fog.
We could see nothing but fog.
A boat suddenly appeared out of the mist.
The fog won't clear until there's a wind to blow it away.
Fog was a familiar sight in London.
The land could just be discerned through the mist.
He had one daughter.
He can't help his daughter being so foolish.
My daughter came to see me from time to time.
Our daughter burned her finger with a match.
I think my daughter's coming down with something.
The return of his daughter brightened his life.
We have decided to leave our daughter to herself after she left school.
Wondering if my daughter had arrived safely I tried to call her but couldn't get through.
The girls' chatter was endless.
My daughter is cutting her permanent teeth.
I'd like to have her teeth straightened.
Her father is liberal with money.
My daughter is barely fifteen.
My daughter prefers science to languages or art.
My daughter will come of age this year.
My daughter has grown into a dress my wife used to wear.
Our daughter is none the better because we've been nursing.
My daughter held on to my coat sleeve and would not let me go.
My daughter has braces.
My daughter weighed eight pounds at birth.
The girl begged her mother to accompany her.
My daughter was premature.
My daughter is the apple of my eye.
My daughter will come of age next year.
Can my daughter go to school?
I entered my daughter in a girl's school.
It isn't that both daughters want to study abroad.
The daughters recuperated from the shock of the death of their father.
The nether gate was opened.
Everybody who is anybody was present at the reception.
Profit is better than fame.
A good idea occurred to me last night.
A great idea presented itself in my mind.
A good idea suddenly struck her.
A good idea occurred to me.
I took over the wheel at Nagoya.
Finding one's way around Nagoya is very simple. All you do is look at the signs.
Speaking of Nagoya, have you ever been to Seto?
Nagoya lies between Tokyo and Osaka.
Can you stand the summer heat in Nagoya?
In Nagoya summers a fan is essential to help stay cool.
What's the stop after Nagoya?
I usually have to change my clothes two or three times a day during the hot summer in Nagoya.
Nagoya is to the east of Kyoto.
Nagoya is a city which is famous for its castle.
Nagoya is between Tokyo and Osaka.
Sometimes a verb is derived from a noun and sometimes it is the other way around.
There were too many sights to see in a day or two.
I'm seeing all the sights.
It is wrong to aim at fame only.
Despite all his fame, he is not happy.
It is very hard to live up to your reputation.
Fame is not always an accompaniment of success.
Don't chase after fame.
Some people go after fame.
It is hard to maintain one's reputation.
Answer to your name when it is called.
Did you hear your name called?
When you have written your name, please write the date.
Don't make fun of him because he cannot write his name.
I only know him by name.
There has been a little confusion of names.
All the names are listed in alphabetical order.
I'm not sure of the name, but the extension is 211.
Her name was Linda, and she was a year younger than Tony.
What's its name?
Although the names are similar, they are far from being the same.
I don't know her name, but I do know her by sight.
My name is Ichiro Tanaka.
A writer, whose name I have forgotten, wrote this novel.
I quite forget your name.
Stand up when your name is called.
Those students whose names have been called will begin their exams.
My heart beat when I heard my name called.
Please have a seat and wait until your name is called.
When you have written your name, write the date.
Write your name in full.
Please add my name to the list.
He got angry because his honor was at stake.
I found this at the risk of my life.
I felt as if my life had been shortened.
Do as I told you to do.
It's not the sort of illness that puts your life at risk.
Life's seed is laid.
Life is dear to everybody.
Where there is life, there is hope.
The light is on.
He must be at home as the light in on.
They can't have gone out because the light's on.
You left your lights on.
The light came on suddenly.
Poor light hindered my reading.
The light went out and we were left in the dark.
The light went out by itself.
The light shone like so many stars.
Don't sleep with the light left on.
Will you turn on the light?
Put out the light and go to bed.
Put out the light.
I can't reach the transom.
It was cold at dawn, so I put on another blanket.
It gets extremely cold toward dawn.
Obviously, he is lying.
Obviously, they are jealous of his wealth and status.
Clearly, the rumor is not true.
Clearly, this is the most important point.
Clearly you are mistaken.
Someone is obviously telling a lie.
Obviously, he is to blame.
Obviously, he's not that kind of person.
Evidently, he's made a mistake.
Obviously he is wrong.
It was apparent that he did not understand what I had said.
It is clear that he knows the answer.
She was clearly satisfied with the results.
Clearly, she knows a lot about biotechnology.
Feel light at heart; feel happy.
The children's laughs spread throughout the forest.
The bright colors arrested our eyes.
Let's put up the tent while it is still light.
It's getting light. Morning is coming.
It began to be light, and things were becoming visible by degrees.
She waved her hand to me, smiling brightly.
Clarity comes first.
Will you please make a specific statement?
Four points need to be made.
The first point that requires clarification is that the design was purely experimental.
He didn't say so, but he implied that I was lying.
She will start for Kyoto the day after tomorrow.
Come and see me the day after tomorrow.
The day after tomorrow I will urge my mother to leave an allowance of 10000 yen at my disposal.
Let's have a tea party the day after tomorrow.
I'll come back the evening after next.
I must get this work done by the day after tomorrow.
I must get my work done by the day after tomorrow.
If it rains the day after tomorrow, I'll stay at home.
If it rains the day after tomorrow I'll be inside.
I'd like you to itemize the charges.
He took to Akiko from the moment he met her.
Akiko has an aunt whose name is Hana.
Akiko has some friends in France.
Meiji was beaten by Keio by a score of three to five.
I want to check out at 6 tomorrow morning.
Call me up at seven in the morning.
Will you pick me up at seven tomorrow morning?
They will have gone to school by eight tomorrow morning.
I'll see you at nine tomorrow morning.
May I call on you at your house tomorrow morning?
Do we have to get up early tomorrow morning?
I'll come without fail tomorrow morning.
You mustn't forget to come and see me tomorrow morning.
Do you mind my visiting you tomorrow?
I will visit you tomorrow without fail.
Please remind me to mail the report tomorrow.
Can I borrow your Ford for tomorrow?
I hope it rains tomorrow.
What do you say to going swimming tomorrow?
I will meet you at the station tomorrow.
A friend's coming over tomorrow.
I'll call you up tomorrow.
They will have a moon-viewing party tomorrow.
There will be a lunar eclipse tomorrow.
You shall have my answer tomorrow.
Tomorrow our professor is going back to England.
Will you look after my dog tomorrow?
I will take my mother out in my new car tomorrow.
I was wondering if you were free tomorrow.
Can I rely on you to be here on time tomorrow?
I have an appointment with my uncle tomorrow.
I was wondering if you'd like to join me for dinner tomorrow.
I hope the weather will be fine tomorrow.
You're pretty calm cool and collected for somebody who has a major presentation tomorrow.
I'm taking tomorrow morning off from work.
We will go on a picnic if it is fine tomorrow.
What do you say to doing the sights of Tokyo tomorrow?
Since I will see him tomorrow, I can give him a message if you want.
He's not going to visit you tomorrow.
Call her tomorrow.
Mind you call me up tomorrow.
Remember to see him tomorrow.
I'm going to give a birthday party for my friend tomorrow.
Tomorrow ... tomorrow seemed such a long, long way off.
Can I see you at ten tomorrow?
Will you let me have a holiday tomorrow?
There's going to be a three-mile race tomorrow.
I will meet you at three o'clock tomorrow.
Can you wake me up at 7:00 tomorrow?
Please call me at seven tomorrow morning.
I'll get hold of you tomorrow and set up a time.
May I call you tomorrow?
I will call on you tomorrow.
Tomorrow is convenient for me to call on you.
It may possibly be fine tomorrow.
May I come and see you tomorrow?
We are going to make a test of the engine tomorrow.
Could you come and see me tomorrow?
My uncle is coming to see us tomorrow.
I am seeing my uncle tomorrow.
If you are free tomorrow, I can show you around Kyoto.
I will have finished reading this novel by the time you come tomorrow.
I'd like to see you tomorrow.
May I see you tomorrow?
Do you mind if I call on you tomorrow?
I'll pay you a visit at your house tomorrow.
For two weeks from tomorrow, please.
Everybody is in a good mood looking forward to the five-day holiday that starts tomorrow.
Will it be convenient for you to start work tomorrow?
The seasonal rain front is moving in tomorrow.
I will come tomorrow without fail.
Don't forget to come here at seven tomorrow.
Come here tomorrow without fail.
I promise that I'll be here tomorrow.
He said that he would come back here tomorrow.
I'd better see you about this tomorrow.
I'll have this radio fixed tomorrow.
The other day he said to me, "I will lend you this book tomorrow."
I'll answer you tomorrow.
I'll bring it to you tomorrow.
I will ask him about it tomorrow.
Please bring back the tape tomorrow.
I will call for it tomorrow.
I start tomorrow.
We are going to a dance tomorrow.
It will have been raining for a week tomorrow.
It will have been raining a week tomorrow.
It will have been snowing for five days tomorrow.
Can you be ready to leave tomorrow?
It will have been raining a whole week tomorrow.
You can visit me tomorrow.
You're visiting a factory tomorrow, aren't you?
How about for tomorrow?
You can get in touch with me tomorrow.
We'll have a farewell party for Nancy tomorrow.
The weather is bound to get better tomorrow.
I have an appointment at eleven tomorrow, but can I change the time?
You are to hand in your report by 5:00 tomorrow.
I'd like to make a reservation for 6 p.m. tomorrow.
It's hard to predict what the weather will be like tomorrow.
I wonder what the weather will be tomorrow.
I want everything in order by this time tomorrow.
I arranged catering for tomorrow's party.
What's the assignment for tomorrow?
What's the temperature going to be tomorrow?
I don't have any plans for tomorrow. I'm going to take it easy.
What's the program for tomorrow?
Come to see me at any time tomorrow afternoon.
I'll arrive at Haneda Airport tomorrow evening at 7.
Are you busy tomorrow afternoon?
I will call you tomorrow afternoon.
Won't you play tennis tomorrow afternoon?
You may come at any time tomorrow afternoon.
I'd like to see him tomorrow afternoon.
Are you free in the afternoon?
Come again tomorrow afternoon, when I will have more time to talk with you.
I see him tomorrow afternoon.
About this time tomorrow, we'll be climbing Mt. Fuji.
He will be skiing on Mt. Zao about this time tomorrow.
They will be fighting for the championship this time tomorrow.
We should be in Paris by this time tomorrow.
We'll be seeing the sights of Paris about this time tomorrow.
We'll be doing the sights of London about this time tomorrow.
This time tomorrow I'll be studying in the library.
I will be in London by this time tomorrow.
I will be taking the exam about this time tomorrow.
It will be raining at this time tomorrow.
We will be doing the sights of Osaka about this time tomorrow.
You mustn't be nervous about tomorrow's exam.
You should prepare for tomorrow's lessons.
Did you get everything ready for tomorrow?
Remember to mail this letter tomorrow morning.
I'll be waiting for you at the station tomorrow morning.
What time should I come to the lobby tomorrow?
When I get up tomorrow morning, the sun will be shining and the birds will be singing.
Have him come early tomorrow morning.
Come to the office tomorrow morning without fail.
Could I have one for tomorrow morning?
Call me at six tomorrow morning.
Please remember to wake me up at six tomorrow morning.
I'd like a wake-up call at seven tomorrow morning.
I'll call for you at 7 tomorrow morning.
Let's meet at the station at eight tomorrow morning.
I'll call for you at eight tomorrow morning.
Call me at nine tomorrow morning.
Let's start jogging together from tomorrow morning.
Mail this letter tomorrow morning.
I'd like to check out tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow morning will be OK.
I'll give you a call in the morning.
Get up at seven tomorrow morning.
You have to wake up early tomorrow morning.
Get up early tomorrow morning!
We must be off early tomorrow morning.
Wait until tomorrow morning.
I'll call him first thing in the morning.
Call me at the office tomorrow morning.
When you wake up tomorrow morning, you will find a wonderful thing.
We are leaving Japan tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to see me tomorrow morning.
Don't forget to pick me up tomorrow morning.
Is tomorrow's breakfast bread or a proper one with rice?
I'll call you up tomorrow morning.
Come tomorrow morning.
I'll come by and pick you up tomorrow morning.
I'd like a wake-up call at six tomorrow morning.
I have no idea what the weather will be like tomorrow.
What's the weather forecast for tomorrow?
Tomorrow's weather should be sunny with occasional rain.
The weather outlook for tomorrow is not good.
I'm going to have dinner with him tomorrow night, so I'll feel him out then.
I'd like to book a table for four for tomorrow night.
Let's get together again tomorrow evening.
We are to take in five guests tomorrow evening.
Wanna go to a movie tomorrow night?
We are to meet together at 9 o'clock tomorrow night.
It's supposed to rain tomorrow night, so let's leave our umbrellas until then.
I'd like to make reservations for dinner tomorrow.
How about tomorrow night?
Can the star be seen tomorrow night?
It may well snow tomorrow night.
Come to my concert tomorrow evening.
Be sure to drop in to see us tomorrow evening.
We are going to give a party tomorrow evening.
Are you free tomorrow evening?
Our plans for tomorrow depend on the weather.
Let's arrange for a 7:00 a.m. wake-up call.
Let's visit some temples tomorrow.
An old friend will call on me tomorrow.
Tomorrow let's go to the morning bazaar.
I'll have to study ten hours tomorrow.
I'm getting up at six o'clock tomorrow morning.
Are you engaged for tomorrow?
Is it possible for you to come to the office an hour earlier than usual tomorrow?
It is a holiday tomorrow.
I bet it will rain tomorrow.
We anticipate a heavy rainfall tomorrow.
Tomorrow is Christmas Day.
It's the soccer match tomorrow.
There is a show tomorrow.
We have a test tomorrow.
What's your schedule for tomorrow?
I am going on a picnic tomorrow.
Will it be hot again tomorrow?
I will be working on my report all day tomorrow.
I plan to stay at home all day tomorrow.
I wonder if it will rain tomorrow.
It may rain tomorrow.
I can't tell if it will be raining tomorrow.
I don't think that it will rain tomorrow.
I am afraid it will rain tomorrow.
I'm afraid it's going to rain tomorrow.
It seems it'll rain tomorrow.
I'm afraid it may rain tomorrow.
I don't think it'll rain tomorrow.
I'm afraid it will be rainy tomorrow.
You have an English test tomorrow, so don't get bogged down in your math homework tonight.
What time do we leave tomorrow?
I will be at home tomorrow.
Tomorrow it might be me.
Don't be late for school tomorrow.
Tomorrow is a holiday.
I'll be absent tomorrow.
It will rain perhaps tomorrow.
Either you or he is supposed to come tomorrow.
You will have to go to the dentist's tomorrow.
Occasional showers are possible tomorrow.
I'll be in my office from ten tomorrow.
It will be hot tomorrow.
Will it be hot tomorrow?
We may not win tomorrow.
We want to know if it will be sunny tomorrow.
Will it be fine weather tomorrow?
Will it be sunny tomorrow?
I wonder if it will clear up tomorrow.
Will it be fine tomorrow?
When it clears up tomorrow it is good.
I hope that it is fine tomorrow.
It ought to be fine tomorrow.
It'll snow tomorrow.
I believe it will be snowing tomorrow.
Wake me up early tomorrow morning.
We've got to get up early tomorrow. We're going on a picnic.
It'll be a big day.
Who will look after your dog tomorrow?
The railroad workers are going on walkout tomorrow.
It is likely to be fine tomorrow.
The store will be closed tomorrow.
I have nothing in particular to do tomorrow.
It will be cloudy tomorrow.
It is Sunday tomorrow.
Tomorrow I am going shopping.
I'm putting up with him tomorrow.
It's her fifth birthday tomorrow.
Tomorrow is her birthday.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day.
Tomorrow is my birthday and I will be seventeen.
Do you have any engagement tomorrow?
Are you booked for tomorrow?
You'll have to come tomorrow.
Tomorrow we go to school to sign up for the classes we want to take.
I'm going to go on a picnic tomorrow.
Come again tomorrow.
Maybe we should talk again tomorrow.
Come see me again tomorrow.
I should be grateful if you would stay until tomorrow.
You can keep this tape until tomorrow.
I'll take care of the dog till tomorrow.
It is impossible for me to finish my term paper by tomorrow.
I will get these shoes repaired by tomorrow.
I want to have this letter translated into English by tomorrow.
I must go through the task by tomorrow.
I have to go through the task by tomorrow.
I cannot possibly finish the work by tomorrow.
We have to finish preparations for the party by tomorrow.
I will be through with my work by tomorrow.
I need to know by tomorrow.
Hand in your report by tomorrow.
I wish it would stop raining before tomorrow.
I must have my work finished by tomorrow.
You needn't finish it by tomorrow.
Homework must be done by tomorrow.
I have a few essays to write by tomorrow.
We must register for the courses that we're going to take by tomorrow.
Can't you put it off until tomorrow?
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow.
I'll come here again tomorrow.
She asked the doctor to come and see her son again the next day.
You can make more tomorrow.
It will be fine tomorrow, too.
I will go to the university tomorrow, too.
I'd rather go today than tomorrow.
I have to go and have an X-ray tomorrow.
I'd like to make a tour of famous sites in London tomorrow.
I must pay a visit to the doctor tomorrow.
Can you tell if it will rain tomorrow?
I will stay home if it rains tomorrow.
Assuming it rains tomorrow, what should I do?
I'll stay home in case it rains tomorrow.
Supposing it rains tomorrow, will you still go on a picnic?
I hope it does not rain tomorrow.
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow or not.
I can not tell if it will rain tomorrow.
I do not know if it will rain tomorrow.
I don't know if it will rain tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, there will be no excursion.
It will have been raining a whole week if it is rainy tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll not go there.
If it rains tomorrow, I will stay at home all day.
If it rains tomorrow, she will not come here.
If it happens to rain tomorrow I'll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go.
I'll stay home if it rains tomorrow.
I would not go if it rains tomorrow.
It may rain tomorrow, but we are going in any case.
I fear that it will rain tomorrow.
We are going to have an examination in English tomorrow.
I'll meet you down at the station tomorrow.
Don't you think it of no use worrying about what will happen tomorrow?
You never know what will happen tomorrow.
There is no knowing what will happen tomorrow.
No one can tell what may turn up tomorrow.
Who knows what will happen tomorrow?
At what time would you be able to come to us tomorrow?
Tomorrow I'll go to his house to pick him up.
Tomorrow we will encounter the enemy.
Can you come to the meeting tomorrow?
It is accepted that we'll have a meeting tomorrow.
See you tomorrow in the office.
Tomorrow, if we can go out, we'll see how they are.
Because tomorrow is a holiday from school, we plan to go on an excursion.
See you tomorrow at school.
Please remember to mail this letter on your way to school tomorrow morning.
We're having an examination in geometry tomorrow.
I will pay you the money tomorrow.
I feel like taking a day off tomorrow.
Lend me your car tomorrow.
You will be able to see her tomorrow.
You may expect me tomorrow.
The thought of going to work tomorrow really depresses me.
Please remind me to turn in the paper tomorrow.
How about going for a drive to Lake Yamanaka with us tomorrow?
I'll call at Mr Brown's house tomorrow.
I'll call on Mr Brown tomorrow.
I'm engaged tomorrow, so I've arranged for someone else to take my place.
Please call on me tomorrow.
I am going to see the dentist tomorrow.
May I come to see you at your office tomorrow morning?
Need we bring our dictionaries to class tomorrow?
Let's get together tomorrow.
He told me that he would start the next day.
Since it'll be hot tomorrow, we'll go swimming.
See you tomorrow at the library.
We will have a math quiz tomorrow.
There will be a math test tomorrow.
Tomorrow we will receive our report cards.
I will leave if it is fine tomorrow.
If it is fine tomorrow, we'll go on a picnic.
I don't know if it will be fine tomorrow, but if it is fine we'll go on a picnic.
I don't know if it will be fine tomorrow.
I hope it will be fine tomorrow.
If it snows tomorrow, I will build a snowman.
Getting up early tomorrow, you will see the rising sun.
We'll be across the border by tomorrow.
I'll give you a ring tomorrow morning.
We'll climb the mountain if it is fine tomorrow.
If it is nice weather tomorrow, let's go on a hike.
If it is fine tomorrow, I will go sailing with my friends.
I will go for a walk if it is nice tomorrow.
Rain, rain go away!
I wonder what the weather will be like tomorrow.
I'll get in touch with Tom by telephone tomorrow and ask him to give us a hand.
Give me a ring tomorrow.
I am leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
I'm going shopping tomorrow.
Please call me at eight tomorrow morning.
I am to talk over the matter with him tomorrow.
Don't forget to talk with him tomorrow.
I'm going to meet him tomorrow.
Please remind me to phone him tomorrow.
I'll call on him tomorrow.
It is probable that she will come tomorrow.
I'm going to see her tomorrow.
I will write to her tomorrow.
I'll have to tell her the truth tomorrow.
Don't fail to call me tomorrow.
You shall have an answer tomorrow.
He told his mother that he would study the next day.
Please don't forget to see him tomorrow.
Please remember to wake me up at seven tomorrow.
Could you remind me to call my academic advisor at 9:00 p.m. tomorrow?
My friends will give me a party tomorrow.
I am seeing a friend tomorrow.
Come and see me tomorrow, won't you?
Come and see me tomorrow.
I'm coming to see you tomorrow.
Why not come and see me tomorrow?
Shall you be able to come tomorrow?
I will meet you off the train tomorrow.
It's so obvious we don't need proof.
Explain it in plain language.
What do you have on for tomorrow night?
It's abundantly clear.
The policemen beat the bushes all day to find a lost child.
Seeing his mother, the lost child burst into tears.
You'll get lost.
A lost child was sobbing at the police box.
The stray girl sobbed her name.
The lost boy held out until the rescue team came.
Never make a nuisance of yourself.
A niece is a daughter of one's brother or sister.
For the gate is wide and the way is easy, that leads to destruction.
A fund was set up with a view to preserving our endangered planet.
Do you have your driver's license?
Could I see your driver's license?
Can I see your license, please?
May I see your license?
I didn't buy anything at the duty-free shops.
Cotton sucks up water.
Cotton absorbs water.
Strictly speaking, his view differs a little from mine.
Stand face to face.
Do not trust such men as praise you to your face.
Don't say it behind my back.
Such men as praise you to your face are apt to speak ill of you behind your back.
Beware of one who praises you to your face.
What are the visiting hours?
No visitor can remain in the hospital after 9 p.m.
The interview went off so well that he got the job.
You have to be up-front and candid at interviews.
You'll have to play it by ear at the interview.
Thank you for coming in for the interview.
I am afraid of having trouble.
What a business it is!
Beware that you don't get into trouble.
You'll get into trouble.
It may seem like a hassle, but I think you ought to go back to the basics and start over. Haste makes waste they say.
It's interesting.
It seems very interesting.
Any book will do as long as it is interesting.
That's an interesting piece of information.
We might as well die as disgrace ourselves.
Noodles are usually made from wheat.
Making model spaceships is interesting.
It took me more than a week to put the model ship together.
Making model planes is his only hobby.
Making a model plane is interesting.
Don't drag out Chinese sayings about the importance of an environment conducive learning just to justify moving house for a child's entrance exams!
His bushy brows accented his face.
Do you want a trim?
The caterpillar turned into a butterfly.
Fur coats are on sale.
I think it is cruel to trap animals for fur coats.
She is garbed in furs.
Take off your fur, and make yourself at home.
Do you have blankets?
Can I get a blanket?
I'd like one more blanket.
Could you bring me a blanket?
May I have a blanket?
Clans run wild like a storm in a raging sea.
Beware of the dog!
How are you keeping off this intense heat?
We made good time until we ran into a blizzard.
A severe typhoon has done much damage to property.
The hard work was worthwhile because I passed the exam.
It is good that you do not have to study so hard.
Helping a blind man is an act of kindness.
I believe you have appendicitis.
Guide dogs help blind people.
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
The net got entangled in the propeller.
All's fish that comes to the net.
We heard the tree fall with a crash.
Many trees fell down.
The tree was heard to crash to the ground.
Wood is made into various kinds of articles.
The leaves fell from the trees.
All the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
The trees are shooting out buds.
Trees shelter my house from the wind.
Too many trees deprive a house of light.
The tree fell down.
The road was obstructed by fallen trees.
Wood burns.
The woodcutter fells a tree with an ax.
Don't you think it's rude to give people such a curt reply like that?
The tree breaks the wind.
There are some oranges on the tree.
He wanted to know more about the trees, too.
Branches are to trees what limbs are to us.
I ran into a tree.
The trees kept me out of the rain.
Let's take a little rest under the tree.
I had to take shelter under a tree.
The bicycle under the tree is mine.
I found some wild mushrooms under the log.
There is a bench under the tree.
There are some boys under the tree.
Wooden houses catch fire easily.
I see a house among the trees.
We can see the tower above the trees.
The cat on the tree came down to me.
Look at the bird singing in the tree.
I heard the leaves rustling.
Leaf after leaf fell to the ground.
The leaves are turning red.
The leaves of the trees have turned red.
The leaves began to turn red and yellow.
The leaves fell to the earth.
Leaves lay thick over the ground.
The leaves whirled in the yard.
The leaves blew off.
The leaves trembled in the wind.
Almost all the leaves went off the tree.
The leaves have all fallen.
The leaves of the trees turn yellow in fall.
The leaves go brown in fall.
The leaves of the trees turn red in the fall.
Leaves begin to fall in October.
The leaves turned red as the days passed.
The trees are planted three meters apart.
The tree was so happy she could hardly speak.
There were few, if any, trees.
The trees will soon be bare.
There was not a tree in sight.
The tree bent down beneath their weight of fruit.
The trees looked black against the sky.
The taller a tree is, the harder it is to climb.
The tree spread its branches abroad.
Wood floats in water.
Wood burns easily.
Wood floats, but iron sinks.
The tree throws its shadow over the wall.
You can't see the forest for the trees.
The trees comforted me.
We took shelter under a tree.
I see an old woman under the tree.
It was cool in the shade of the trees.
Mr Kinoshita left his glasses behind in the office yesterday.
Wood is a disappearing resource in much of Africa, and these stoves burn far less wood than the stoves currently in much use.
The smaller planets hovering around the planet Jupiter reminded him of the guards surrounding a king when he walked outdoors, and Kepler called them satellites.
The Kiso River is often called the Rhine of Japan.
A house built of wood is more easily burnt than a house of stone.
A wooden building can easily catch fire.
Wooden houses easily catch fire.
A Mr Kimura is calling you.
I met a Mr Kimura at the party.
You also know Mr Kimura very well.
Kimura jogged in the park every day.
Dr. Kimura gave me your name as the leading scholar in this field.
The wooden pieces are fastened with a peg.
Cotton mittens will prevent the baby from scratching his own face.
The trees are putting forth leaves.
The trees are in bud.
The leaves of the trees began to turn red.
The leaves on the trees are falling by the wind.
The trees are already bare.
The trees were bare of leaves.
The trees are beginning to bud.
The trees began to come into leaf.
Thursday night is free beer night.
We should know the result by Thursday.
I'll keep Thursday open for you.
Cease-fire talks concluded without progress Thursday.
I would rather you came on Friday than on Thursday.
You can save your breath. There is no use talking to him.
He judged it wiser to remain silent.
There was no need for verbal communication.
Hold your tongue!
Hold your tongue, or you'll be punished.
Silence is an admission of guilt.
Being silent is regarded in effect as approval.
I thought it best to remain silent.
We interpret your silence as consent.
Hold your tongue, or you'll be killed.
Shut up and listen!
Just shut up and get on with your work!
You needn't suffer in silence.
Shut your big mouth.
Shut up, or I'll knock you out.
I wish to exercise my right to remain silent.
Your eyes are lying.
I have bleary eyes.
My eyes feel itchy.
My eyes feel gritty.
I awoke to find it snowing.
My eyes feel irritated.
As far as the eye could see, there was nothing but sand.
My eyes smart.
The scales have fallen from my eyes.
I can see the light.
I'm afraid I have an inflammation in my eyes.
I'm frantic!
When I woke up, the day was breaking.
When I awoke, it was snowing.
It was almost noon when I woke up.
To be awake is to be alive.
We need it when asleep as well as when awake.
I awoke to find my suitcase gone.
When we awoke, we were adrift on the open sea.
I awoke to find myself lying on the floor.
I awoke to find a bird in my room.
I awoke to find myself famous.
I awoke to find myself lying on the sofa.
I awoke to find a burglar in my room.
The blind nurse devoted herself to caring for the elderly.
A blind person's hearing is often very acute.
She dreads going blind because she's wearing thick glasses.
My eyes are very sensitive to the light.
Eyes sometimes talk louder than words.
My eyes are bloodshot.
My eyes are sore.
I have eyestrain.
My eyes get tired very easily.
Her eyes shone as they reflected the light of the room.
My eyes are brimming with tears.
By the look in your eyes, I sense that you have gotten your back up.
Their eyes met.
Don't read under insufficient light, for it is bad for your eyes.
Out of sight, out of mind.
The number of visible stars is very great.
I got some sand in my eye.
I got a bug in my eye and I can't get it out.
What you see is what you want.
Tears came to my eyes.
Some students looked at her with tears in their eyes.
There was not a man without tears in his eyes.
I met a keen-eyed guy.
Tightly-knit carpets are generally more valuable.
I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me.
It's good to have the food cooked in front of you.
As far as the eye could reach, nothing was to be seen but a field of wheat.
There was nothing but water as far as the eye could reach.
The blind man felt his way toward the exit.
The blind young man has got over his handicap.
It is cruel to mock a blind man.
The eye is bigger than the belly.
I'm awake.
The eye is sensitive to light.
The eyes are as eloquent as the tongue.
The eye is the mirror of the soul.
The eye is the window of the soul.
I have mucus coming out of my eyes.
Hardly had I closed my eyes when I fell asleep.
Open your eyes.
I can't keep my eyes open.
Keep your eyes open.
Open your eyes, please.
He awoke and found himself shut up in a dark room.
I awoke to find everything had been a dream.
When she awoke, the family was there.
He woke up to find himself lying on a park bench.
Wake up!
Dry your eyes.
Don't keep your eyes on the ground; look at me.
He was sitting on a bench with his eyes closed.
Close your eyes, and count to ten.
Close your eyes, please.
Don't shut your eyes.
Lie on the bench for a while with your eyes closed.
Can you keep standing on one of your legs with closed eyes for a minute?
Close your eyes and go to sleep.
It happened while I wasn't looking.
Don't ignore your subordinates.
At present, he is in Canada.
The alarm went off at five-thirty.
I overslept because my alarm didn't go off.
When my alarm clock goes off, I always stop it in my sleep.
The alarm clock wakes me at seven.
The alarm clock is ten minutes fast.
The alarm went off.
Although the alarm rang I failed to wake up.
My alarm clock didn't work. That's why I was late.
I'll set the alarm for seven o'clock.
Turn off the alarm.
The alarm woke up Mayuko.
Adjust the setting of the alarm clock.
I opened my eyes to find myself on a sofa.
She woke to find herself in the hospital.
I awoke to find myself in a strange room.
You must be polite to your elders.
You must not think about your immediate profit only.
The impending examination loomed large in her mind.
Kill the goose that lays the golden eggs.
The end does not always justify the means.
Granting that the aim is right, how will you carry out the plan?
Does the end justify the means?
The end does not necessarily justify the means.
It looked tough to achieve his aim.
I found it difficult to achieve my purpose.
We played catch to achieve the goal.
She differs from the others in that she has a goal.
I'd like to buy eye drops.
Don't give yourself airs.
We took it for granted that she would take part in the speech contest.
Every man to his trade.
A specialist has his own strength.
I'll look it over after I come back.
He said on his return, "It has been a wonderful tour."
I'll return to get my handbag.
When I got back, my bag had disappeared without a trace.
I will have him call you the moment he gets back.
On inquiry, I learned that she was out.
The same old problem.
Is something wrong?
It's not his ability, but his character that is at issue.
The determining factor in question is whether this social welfare plan can facilitate the influx of immigrants.
With regard to the matter in question, I will write to you in detail later.
It is not her ability, but her character that is at issue.
The problem is Mr. Bark, the man whose secretary is away.
It is not what you read but how you read that matters.
The question is whether he will come on time.
The point at issue is not her ability but her character.
Sleeping on a problem solves it as easily as pouring oil on troubled waters.
The root of the problem is a lack of communication between departments.
The person in question is now staying in America.
Some test questions are unfair to gorillas.
The question is how to avoid nuclear war.
The problem lies in the fact that the necessary gap is bridged by perception.
The question is not so much what it is as how it looks.
The question is how we can raise the money.
The question is which to choose.
The question is how to say no without making them angry.
The problem is that solar energy costs too much.
The problem is how we cope with the present difficulties.
The problem is how to raise the funds.
The question is when to start.
The question is this.
The question is this: who called her on the phone?
The point is that mother is not very hard on the child.
The problem is who is going to tell him the truth.
The question is how we will bell the cat.
The question is where to buy the book.
The problem was where to eat lunch.
The problem was where to set up the tent.
The problem is that Nancy doesn't go to the club meetings.
I appreciate your problem, but it can't be helped.
I found the problem easier than I had expected.
The problem is what we should do with this money.
The problem is that we don't have enough money.
The question is not what education is for so much as how you go about it.
The trouble is that you are too young.
The problem is whether you can follow her English.
The problem is whether the plan will work.
But custody of the children was a problem.
The point is whether I accept or refuse.
The problem was that I had nothing to say to him.
The problem is what to do next.
The question is who made that mistake.
The question is who will do it.
The question is who will make the decision.
The question is: Who will bell the cat.
The question is who will go there for him.
The point is whether he will read the letter.
The question is how he will get the money.
The question is whether he will agree with us.
The question is whether he can be trusted.
The problem is that he is penniless.
The question is whether he can do it or not.
The point is whether she will read my letter or not.
The point is whether she will read the letter or not.
The question is whether she can be trusted.
The point is whether she will come or not.
The problem is not so much the cost as the time.
The point is that we don't know what is happening around us.
The question is left in abeyance.
The question is whether he will come to visit us next month.
The problem is whether my parents will agree or not.
We shouldn't let the problem rest here.
You mustn't leave your problems unsolved.
We've got to stick to the point.
The lady and her dog that were entering at the gate were stopped by the gatekeeper.
Fasten the gate.
Who is the man that is leaning against the gate?
I found a dog just inside the gate.
The lady standing by the gate is a famous singer.
I took my leave of them at the gate.
There is a man at the gate who wants to see you.
Do you know the old lady at the gate?
The dog kept barking at me at the gate and kept me from coming in.
The gate is closed at six.
The gate is wide enough for the car to go through.
The gate is too narrow for the car.
The gate is so narrow that the car can't pass through it.
The gate is open now.
Was the gate wide open or just ajar?
Knock, and it will be opened to you.
I went through the gate out onto the street.
It is time to shut the gate.
Is there a curfew?
A saint's maid quotes Latin.
The gatekeeper permitted me through the gate.
It is very hot at night.
You should avoid calling a person after ten at night.
The night was far advanced.
The dawn is just breaking.
As it was late at night and I was very tired, I put up at an inn.
It became colder as the night wore on.
Night came on.
Night coming on, the boys went home.
Night coming on, people began to get home.
They didn't run out of conversation until late at night.
Day began to break.
Day is breaking.
The dawn is breaking.
Day breaks.
It began to dawn.
There is a lot of danger in walking around here at night.
You must not insist on going out alone so late at night.
It was night.
Champagne flowed all night.
There were times, at falling night, when he looked up with curiosity to the stars.
I don't feel safe walking in that neighborhood at night.
I don't switch on the light in my studio at night.
Don't go to such a place at night.
Night coming on, we went home.
When night came on, we returned home.
Night coming on, we left for home.
Late in the evening we found our way to the foot of the mountain at last.
Night came on, and what was worse, it began to rain.
It may rain in the evening.
Swimming at night is dangerous.
I study for many hours at night.
I much prefer working at night.
Toward midnight, I fell asleep.
You ought not to call at this time of night.
Do you offer any night tours?
Darkness is falling.
I'd like to join a night bus tour.
Can you see in the darkness of the night?
Can you arrange for a night tour bus?
It must have rained during the night.
It must have rained during the night; the road is wet.
It rained during the night.
It may have rained during the night.
It cannot have rained during the night.
The snow that had piled up on the roof at night came down with a thud.
A fire broke out during the night.
During the night the wind blew cold.
Some stars began to appear in the night sky.
The sky in the night is a very clean thing.
The silence of the night comforts us.
In the still of the night I find peace and contentment.
A loud noise in the night scared him.
Two men began to fight on the street at night.
It's eight o'clock at night.
At night we can see more stars there than in Tokyo.
I'm going to stop at this hotel for the night.
Night is when most people go to bed.
At night, we usually go bowling.
It's supposed to rain at night.
In the evening, I have dinner at home with my family.
The streets emptied in the night.
I go to bed early at night.
The sun doesn't shine at night.
You must keep the gate closed for the night.
Let's stay until nightfall and watch the fireworks.
It is inconvenient to work in evening clothes.
Some animals are active at night.
Are there special evening rates?
I had a glimpse of a UFO in the night sky.
The stars twinkling in the night sky looked like jewels.
We found a beam of light in the night sky.
Stars were twinkling in the sky.
You must not stay up late, or you will hurt your health.
Staying up late nights is nothing to me.
I am used to sitting up late.
You must not stay up late.
Since I stayed up late, I'm very sleepy.
Don't sit up late.
We keep late hours.
What is done by night appears by day.
I had instant noodles as a midnight snack.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock becomes loud enough to bother me.
The young man had been sitting in the drawing room alone with the girl for a long time and it was getting late.
I asked him not to play the piano late at night.
You must not sit up late.
Don't sit up late at night.
I rarely, if ever, talk on the phone till late at night.
Not until late at night did he come home.
It is bad manners to visit late at night.
Don't call me so late at night.
The roads were very muddy since it had rained during the night.
I heard something crashing in the kitchen in the middle of the night.
I have a fever at night.
We woke up after midnight.
I heard our dog barking all night.
It was raining on and off all through the night.
Burglars broke into our apartment and stole my wife's fur coat.
I think it dangerous walking alone at night.
He was pale with fatigue after his sleepless night.
I caught cold from exposure to the night fog.
Step off the train all alone at dawn.
It was not till daybreak that he went to sleep.
An old man indulges in drinking.
The old man escaped, but with difficulty.
The field mice were eating up the farmers' grain.
The outdoor concert was canceled due to the storm.
It's a lot of fun playing outdoors.
Some students like baseball, and others like soccer.
I love baseball, and have hardly missed seeing any big games.
The baseball season has opened.
Love watching baseball and football.
When it comes to baseball, I don't know much.
A baseball came flying through the window.
Some people like baseball, others like soccer.
The most wonderful thing about baseball is teamwork.
Let's have dinner before we go to the baseball game.
The baseball game was canceled because of the heavy rain.
The baseball game was put off till next Sunday.
Let's play a game of baseball.
Baseball is often called "the great American sport".
Baseball is said to have been invented in Cooperstown in 1839.
Baseball is different from cricket.
I don't like baseball at all.
Are you fond of baseball?
Don't you like baseball?
Playing baseball is an outlet for energy.
Baseball is by far the most popular sport in Japan.
Baseball is an interesting sport.
Interest in baseball cuts across classes and ages in this country.
Have you ever played baseball?
A button came off when I was playing baseball.
Often I go crazy playing baseball.
Let's play baseball.
He proposed that we should play baseball.
Playing baseball is fun.
You have to be more careful when you play ball.
You need a bat, a ball and gloves to play baseball.
What fun it is to play baseball!
Playing baseball is a sport, and climbing mountains is a sport, too.
How about playing baseball?
Could you tell me how to get to the ballpark?
There were a lot of excited fans in the stadium.
There was not a long queue at the stadium.
The stadium was packed with excited spectators.
Your dream of becoming a baseball player will come true if you try hard.
Baseball players should allow for the wind in catching a fly.
The manager of the baseball department is 3 people.
Stray dogs tramped about my garden.
The stray dog suddenly came at the child.
There was a voice crying in the field.
I feel like dancing in the fields.
The children failed to see the daisies dancing in the moonlight.
There were six sheep in the field.
There is a path through the fields.
A big tree in the field was struck by lightning.
The fields lay covered with deep snow.
The fields lay thickly covered with snow.
The field is covered with snow.
Hideyo Noguchi was a great man.
Dr. Hideo Noguchi died in Africa in 1928.
It is most important to chew your food, whether vegetable or meat, before you swallow it.
What do you think about vegetable tempura?
Some children do not like vegetables.
The prices of vegetables are down.
The price of vegetables varies from day to day.
Eat a lot of vegetables.
Hills and fields cloaked in spring colors.
The fielder failed to catch the ball.
Wild animals live in the forest.
Ambition is one of his characteristics.
Although ambitions are well worth having, they are not to be achieved easily.
A lot of reports came to the policeman that a wild monkey was found.
I like studying wild flowers.
No wild tigers are to be found in Africa.
Wild animals roamed across the plains.
Wild animals live in the jungle.
Please help me welcome Mr. Nomura.
I am watching wild birds.
Watching wild birds is great fun.
Bird watching is a nice hobby.
The opposition party put forward a bill to reduce income tax.
The opposition party is still harping on the scandal.
The savage robbed me of my precious jewels and ran away.
Ambition drove him to murder.
It causes quite a sensation when Nomo pitches a no-hitter.
The arrow pierced the thick board.
Let them all come.
The arrow went home.
The arrow hit the target.
The arrow fell short of the target.
The arrow glanced off the tree.
The arrow indicates the way to go.
The arrow indicates the way to Tokyo.
It's a difficult matter.
Troublemakers rarely become model citizens.
There is a black sheep in every flock.
Put aside all those which are useless.
Leave out anything that is useless.
An essential condition for a helpful interview is a quiet room in which doctor and parents can sit comfortably and in private without being interrupted.
The directors were reluctant to undertake so risky a venture.
An executive council was formed to discuss the new proposal.
A player has to memorize words.
It's a sop to Cerberus.
Some officials may have been corrupted.
It's about one month.
About an hour's walk brought us to the lake.
About two weeks.
I must remind you of your promise.
You should visit him by appointment.
It is one thing to promise, and another to perform.
She played the piano as promised.
We must avoid calling on others without an appointment.
You must be faithful to your word.
I took a taxi so that I would be in time for the appointment.
I took a bus so as not to be late for my appointment.
I was late for the appointment.
Do not fail to come here by the appointed time.
Always come by the time promised.
Don't fail to come here by the appointed time.
Be sure to come here by the appointed time.
The appointed day is close at hand.
You should come through with your promise.
You may as well keep your promise.
Keep your word; otherwise you'll end up losing face.
You ought to keep your promise.
Promises are things that must be kept.
Promises are made to be broken.
A promise is a promise.
If you make a promise, you should keep it.
Anyone who has made a promise should keep it.
I realized one month had passed without my making good my promise.
It was noticed after more than a month that that promise had not been carried out.
Could I change my appointment to 10:30 a.m.?
It is thoughtful of you to remind me of my promise.
You will keep your word, won't you?
I want you to keep your promise.
If you don't keep your promises, people won't take you seriously.
It is a shame not to keep your promise.
Many politicians fail to keep their word.
You must keep your promise.
It is very important to keep your word.
I think it important that we keep our promise.
You must bind yourself to keep the promise.
Forgive me for breaking my promise.
We must not break our promise.
You should not break your promise.
Nothing offends people worse than broken promises.
It was irresponsible of him to break a promise.
It is irresponsible of you to break your promise.
It is not good to break a promise.
You ought not to break your promise.
Those who often break their promises are never trusted.
A man who breaks his promises cannot be trusted.
We must not forget our promise.
It wasn't very discreet of you to forget the appointment.
Don't go back on your promise.
He has a drug allergy.
Your medicine is ready.
Come back again when you finish your medicine.
The medicine had no effect.
The medicine has worked.
The medicine cured him of his illness.
If the medicine is abused, people can ruin their health.
You can't rely on medicine alone if you want to get well.
I'm allergic to some medicine.
Are you allergic to any medicine?
Some medicines will do you more harm than good.
Please explain how to take the medicine.
The effects of the medicine were wearing off.
I will find out how the medicine works.
The effect of the drug had worn off.
Let me write you a prescription for some medicine.
Where can I get the medicine?
Drugs should be used only at the direction of a doctor.
Medicine should be out of the way of children.
Put the medicine where children can't get at it.
Keep all medicines out of reach of children.
The medicine acted on his stomach.
I believe more in diet than in drugs.
Take medicine.
Keep the medicine away from children.
When taking drugs, follow the directions on the bottle carefully.
The drugstore is at the end of this road.
Wait till the kettle begins to sing.
The kettle is whistling on the stove.
The kettle is steaming.
The kettle is boiling.
The kettle must be boiling.
Take this prescription to your pharmacy.
We'll give your pharmacy a call.
Until what time does your pharmacy stay open?
The pharmacist made up the prescription for me.
You should keep the medicine box away from your child.
Compare the translation with the original.
A fox isn't caught twice in the same snare.
Have fun this summer!
Oil is running short.
I don't like a fat diet.
You cannot mix oil and water.
Oil does not mix with water.
Oil and water won't blend with each other.
Oil will float on water.
Keep oil away from the fire.
Oil paintings show to advantage at a distance.
You'd better stay on your guard.
Plenty of opportunities will present themselves, if only you are awake to them.
Security is the greatest enemy.
A blood transfusion is necessary.
The exports increased by 30 billion dollars.
Exporting is a commercial activity which transcends borders.
The export business isn't doing well.
The strengthening of competitiveness on export markets is an urgent need.
The demand was brought down by increases in imports.
Multilateral trade negotiations ran aground over import quotas.
Import regulations have been relaxed recently.
Imported cars are in strong demand.
Imported cars account for less than eight percent.
Import restrictions are barriers to closer relations between the two countries.
I think they should put a heavy tax on imports.
Import goods are subject to high taxes.
Many efforts have been make to develop market for imports.
The rapid increase of imports surprised us.
Your only remedy is to go to the law.
The only useful knowledge is that which teaches us how to seek what is good and avoid what is evil.
Explain it in plain words.
He is kind.
The gentle-looking old man got up and gave his hand to me.
Even a good computer cannot beat you at chess.
The value of a good education cannot be measured in terms of money.
When will Yuko come to Denver?
Congratulations on the victory!
It's far from winning the first prize.
Not being able to decide what the priority should be is the biggest problem.
Being less urgent, this plan is lower in priority.
Bravery is a great virtue.
Who can read the heroic deeds of brave men without a feeling of respect and admiration?
There is no way out of the siege except to take the bull by the horns and let God judge the outcome.
Courage is required of everyone.
Have the courage to save our earth.
Face adversity with courage.
Keep a good heart and go on writing.
Summon up your courage and tell the truth.
None but the brave deserve the fair.
Pay honor to the brave.
None but the brave deserve our respect.
Even a child knows what it is like to be without friends.
My friend Sun shine on me now and ever.
He will take on the responsibility for his friends.
Have patience with a friend rather than lose him forever.
You cannot be too careful in choosing your friends.
It is true that we cannot be too careful choosing our friends.
The only way to have a friend is to be one.
It goes without saying that friendship is more important than business.
Friendship bound them together.
Friendship is a plant which must be often watered.
Friendship is the most precious of all.
Friendship is more precious than anything else.
Friendship consists of mutual understanding.
Nothing is so valuable as friendship.
There is nothing so important as friendship.
Sports are effective to cultivate friendship.
My friend sent me a letter asking how I was.
Soon you will find yourself friendless.
I could not but cheer when my friend was handed the trophy.
My friend is seriously injured.
I have got your name from my friend.
I advise you not to borrow money from your friends.
I received a letter from my friend.
A friend of mine called me up last night.
Just one year has gone by since my friend died.
I had plenty of time to talk to many friends.
I haven't met friends.
I have to go off because I have an appointment with a friend.
He took delight in talking with friends.
Unable to keep up with his friends, he fell behind at last.
I went all the way to see my friend, only to find him absent.
It is more ignominious to mistrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
To visit my friend.
Get your friend to help you.
My friend Kei is beautiful, but she is not considerate to others.
I have two gifts for friends.
My friend Henry was not in class yesterday, and neither was I.
My friend has a large family.
I was able to get a job through the good offices of my friend.
You should be careful in your choice of friends.
My friend shook his head as much as to say "impossible".
My friend wants a car of his own.
My friend got good marks in the English examination.
A friend of mine showed me all the dolls he had bought abroad.
All my friends came to my birthday party.
Will your friends be seeing you off at the airport?
My friend called me a coward.
My friend is opposed to my opinion.
Friends should help one another.
I have few friends.
My friend departed from Narita for Paris.
Few treasures are worth as much as a friend.
I've been to the station to meet a friend.
Some have come to meet their friends and others to see theirs off.
I have just been to the airport to see my friend off.
I have been to the station to see a friend off.
I have been to see my friend off.
I'm visiting a friend of mine in hospital.
It is easy to make a man one's friend, but hard to keep him so.
You should be careful in choosing friends.
My friends congratulated me on my success.
My friends scolded me for my stupid behavior.
My friends invited me to dinner.
Friends hung that name on her.
I am disappointed that my friend is not here.
A friend of mine asked me to send her a postcard.
All my friends encouraged me to try my best.
She felt lonely when all her friends had gone home.
I came into a pair of tickets from a friend.
I feel restless when I have to wait too long for my friend to show up.
A friend of mine is coming this evening.
My friends celebrated my birthday.
I went in the direction my friend indicated.
Nancy is happy in that she has many friends.
A friend comes to play at our house tomorrow.
He is not a friend, but an acquaintance.
As the friend, I gave an opinion.
I played a match of tennis with my friend, but lost.
Do you get on with your friends?
I went shopping with a friend.
I am going to eat an evening meal with a friend.
We passed the evening away talking with our friends.
I hadn't seen my friend for over twenty years.
Say good-bye to your friends.
I borrowed money from my friends.
My friends treated me to a meal.
Don't be unkind to your friends.
I have a friend waiting for me in front of the library.
Don't find fault with your friend.
John, a friend of mine, told me so.
I cannot relax if one of my friends is anxious.
She was taken care of by one of her friends.
Don't lean on your friends for help.
He is going to stay at a friend's house.
Never betray the trust of your friends.
What do your friends call you?
Do you have many friends?
My friends call me Ken.
My friends call me Beth.
The friend was absent.
I've made lots of friends.
All my friends and family are dead.
Nothing is more important than your friends are.
You must be careful in choosing your friends.
You can tell what a person is like by looking at his friends.
I have been to the airport to see my friend off.
I went to the station to see my friend off.
Can I have a friend paged?
We're having some friends over.
You should choose your friends very carefully.
Bring along your friend.
I don't believe that ghosts exist.
It is difficult to prove that ghosts exist.
She stood transfixed as if she had seen a ghost.
Some people believe in ghosts.
Ghosts exist.
I think that ghosts exist.
Do ghosts really exist?
When I saw the ghost, I was so frightened that my hair stood on end.
I often get the blues.
I spent all the money I had to buy the book.
All the money was gone.
Thank you. Please do.
Voters must not be corrupted.
It would be difficult to improve the device when there is no effective catalyst.
It's valid until March thirty-first, nineteen-ninety-seven.
An able sportsman should be brave.
The talented finance minister's ingenuity has helped his bankrupt nation to get out of the red.
The capable detective was assigned to investigate the cause of the tragedy.
An efficient FBI agent does not make any bones about carrying out his duties.
Prospective buyers couldn't make heads or tails out of the contract.
The noted diplomat readily participated in the committee.
The famous pianist smiled.
That's an item from a famous company.
A famous architect built this house.
Did you go to any famous gardens?
Famous china is on display.
In addition to being a famous physicist, he is a great novelist.
He's letting his fame go to his head.
The famous author created another best-selling book.
We rarely come across big names.
Do you think we'll get a chance to rub shoulders with any celebrities?
You need to have exact change to pay the toll of the expressway.
Yuki! It's great to see you again!
Yukiko likes potatoes.
Yuka types better than Alice.
Yuka fell in love the moment she was introduced to the newly-appointed English teacher.
For the first time in her life, Yuka has finished reading an English book.
I was watching TV when Yumi came.
Yumi and Emi were studying for their English test.
Yumi's hobby is singing popular songs.
Yumi is one of my friends.
Yumi is leaving for Osaka the day after tomorrow.
Yumi is happy, isn't she?
Yumi will not play tennis.
Yumi goes to the park to play tennis.
Yumi is good at playing tennis.
Yumi studied English last night.
Yumi went there by herself.
Yumi got up early to listen to the English program.
Yumi speaks English very well.
Yumi studies English hard.
Yumi will become a teacher.
Yumi plays tennis on Sunday.
Yumi has many books.
Yumi will use this camera tomorrow afternoon.
Yuko started the race very quickly.
Yuko has never spoken with a foreigner.
Sometimes rich people look down on other people who do not have much money.
The rich and the poor are afraid of death.
The gap between rich and poor is getting wider.
Live in affluence.
Thank you for asking me, but maybe next time.
The kidnappers showed no sign of giving up.
It's hard to resist temptation.
You must not yield to temptation.
More play will mean less time to study.
Play or study - the choice is yours.
Can I go out and play?
Come and see me.
I wanna go out.
Fun and games are over.
Let's play.
Don't do such a thing in fun.
Don't come to school just for fun.
Business before pleasure.
I still have a lot of time for fun.
The sound of children playing was borne on the wind.
The promenade is parallel to the shore.
It looks like there's a pleasure boat.
Postal services are a government monopoly.
The mail is delayed because of the strike.
The mail has arrived.
Please address your mail clearly and correctly.
The mail is delivered once a day.
The mail arrives before you go.
It must be the postman.
The postman delivers letters every morning.
Has the postman been yet?
In the post office, mail is classified according to the place where it is to go.
When the thing was sent into the post office, the goods were lost due to the mistake of the post office.
I keep a good supply of stamps to save trips to the post office.
I am going to inform the post office of the change of my address.
I'm going by the post office.
The post office is just across from the store.
The post office is a few minutes' walk from here.
The post office is the brown building.
The post office is down the street.
Where is the post office?
Where can I find the post office?
The post office is just across from the bank.
The post office is not far from your college.
The post office is adjacent to the library.
The post office is just off the main street.
The post office is located in the center of the town.
The post office is down the street. You cannot miss it.
The post office is half a mile away.
Can you direct me to the post office?
Please tell me the way to the post office.
I've just been to the post office.
Would you mind giving me a ride to the post office?
The postman was bitten by that dog.
The mailman comes around every three days.
It is funny that the mailman hasn't come yet.
The second the mailman comes, he rushes out to pick up his mail.
The mail carrier delivers mail from door to door.
What will the postage be?
The male peacock has colorful tail feathers.
The eloquent scholar readily participated in the debate.
I had a slight headache last night.
I passed by your house about 10 last night.
I have had a slight headache since last night.
I had a date with Jane last night.
Was it you that left the door open last night?
There wasn't much news in last night's newspaper.
It wasn't very hot last night.
I slept so well last night.
I did not sleep at all last night.
It froze hard last night.
The moon was bright last night.
Last night I could not do my homework on account of a long blackout.
I sat up all last night reading a novel.
Last night you forgot to turn off the radio, didn't you?
Did you call me last night?
It frosted last night.
It snowed a good deal last night.
Last night his father passed away because of his illness.
His house was broken into last night.
Dusk fell over the desert.
The twilight merged into darkness.
The tower looks beautiful against the evening sky.
We may well have rain this evening.
An evening glow often promises good weather.
The sunset glows in the west.
After he finished supper, he began to read the novel.
When dinner was over, we adjourned to the sitting room.
Supper was laid out on the table.
Dinner finished, they enjoyed playing cards.
After dinner, a movie announcement is made.
Let's have dinner.
I don't care where we eat dinner. It's entirely up to you.
I know a good place for dinner.
Would you like to come over to our house for dinner?
Do you have guests for dinner?
Thank you for inviting me to dinner.
All the family meet at evening meals.
I'll prepare sashimi for dinner.
How about going out for dinner?
I'm glad to be invited to dinner.
May I invite you to dinner?
After dinner, we all went into the drawing room.
You can watch TV after supper.
After dinner, we played cards till eleven.
It's time for dinner.
It is now dinner time, and flight attendants begin to serve dinner.
I wonder if dinner is ready.
The dinner is almost ready.
Dinner is ready, so we can eat whenever we want.
Are you ready for dinner?
I don't want dinner.
What would you like for supper?
What time will dinner be served?
What time do you have supper?
Are you going to have dinner at home?
It seems that supper will be late.
She cooked the dinner herself.
How long will it be to dinner?
I'd like to have dinner with you.
I'll go out after having dinner.
Let me fix dinner for you.
Shall I cook dinner for you?
Shall I fix you supper?
After dinner, George's dad took him aside.
After supper, I always find myself falling asleep.
I watched the news on TV after supper.
In their discourse after dinner, they talked about politics.
After supper, he studies his lessons for three hours.
You must not go out after dinner.
Let's continue the game after supper.
I often enjoy listening to music after supper.
How about going out for a walk after dinner?
My father went jogging after dinner.
About dinner time, Rev. King was on the balcony outside his room.
You are to do your homework before supper.
See that you finish your homework before supper.
Let me pay for the dinner.
The setting sun flushed the high roof.
Time for dinner.
Have you had dinner?
Hurry in for supper.
The telephone rang while I was having supper.
Evening was closing in on the valley.
People gather around here when it gets dark.
Evening was drawing near.
It began to rain toward evening.
It said rain from this evening.
The travelers made haste as evening drew near.
Evening is drawing on.
It looks like snow toward evening.
In the evening my pigeon returned to me wounded seriously.
Moderate exercise in the evening helps induce sleep.
What does she do in the evening?
It's five in the evening.
Is there a flight in the evening?
I help my mother in the evening.
By evening the shadow of the tree reached the wall.
She will have finished her job by evening.
Drop by my office this evening.
It came to rain toward evening.
In the evening, I walk with my dog.
I was caught in an evening shower.
I was caught in a shower and got drenched to the skin.
I regret that I will be unable to meet you on February 27 owing to an unexpected matter.
An unexpected result came about.
Some unexpected difficulties have arisen.
Since unexpected incidents occurred one after another, the exhibition was called off.
We should provide for unexpected events.
We ran over the budget by two thousand yen.
We are traveling on a tight budget.
A budget is a plan or schedule adjusting expenses during a certain period to the estimated or fixed income for that period.
The budget was narrowly approved by Congress.
How much would you want to pay for the tour?
We must find the money, Madam Chairman, for the sake of the children.
The budget must be balanced.
The budget appears to be inaccurate and unrealistic.
I reviewed the budget, and decided to cut costs.
The budget passed the Upper House.
You may as well begin to prepare your lessons.
As was expected, they lost the contest.
They were spoiled, as might have been expected.
This bad weather is more than I bargained for.
There were more spectators than I had expected.
People were bewildered by the unexpected situation.
It's behind schedule.
The schedule must be maintained.
We landed at Narita a little behind schedule.
It's ahead of schedule.
I'm running behind schedule.
Right on schedule, that contractor came around today, begging for more time.
Could you tell me the ETA?
I'm expecting my baby in the middle of January.
I'll check my schedule.
I'll visit you on Sunday, if I don't write you to the contrary.
I need an extra pillow.
I need an extra blanket.
It snowed as was forecast.
They forecast it will be cloudy tomorrow.
The prediction was for more snow.
Preventive measures are much more effective than the actual treatment.
Prevention is much preferable to cure.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.
Defensive driving can help you avoid accidents.
I've got to get some shots.
I'd like to make a reservation.
I have a reservation.
Can you fix me a reservation?
Hey you, make a reservation.
I'd like to reconfirm my flight.
Your reservation is reconfirmed.
We'd like to confirm our reservations.
Do I need to reconfirm?
Please let me know the confirmation number you were told when you reserved the room.
If you can't come on the day of your appointment, be sure to let us know by the previous day.
Do you have an appointment?
Could I make a reservation?
At which window can I make a reservation?
Please make your reservation one week in advance.
I have a confirmed reservation.
All the seats are sold in advance.
I'm going to leave one night early.
I'd like to change my reservation for three to five nights.
I'd like to change my reservation from three to five nights.
Can I make a reservation?
In order to get a reservation, you must use her name.
Could you cancel my reservation?
I'd like to change my reservation.
Will the fare change if I change the reservation?
Please tell the reservation clerk, Mr Ichiro Takahashi, your credit card number to confirm your reservation.
The reservation desk, please.
All subscriptions must be paid before the end of this year.
Are there reserved seats on the train?
The reservation number is 1003.
Too many people are indifferent to politics.
I'm afraid it's not a good idea.
They consider it impolite to disagree with someone they don't know very well.
I didn't enjoy it very much.
Don't eat too much.
You needn't worry too much.
Leisure has been viewed as a means to an end.
Try to make good use of your spare time.
Make the best of your time.
What's your favorite pastime?
Try to utilize your leisure for reading.
Attend to your own business.
None of your business.
The extra effort raised his blood pressure above normal.
I want to spend rest of the life pursuing my ideals.
We have plenty of time to spare.
You should put aside some money when you can afford to.
It's necessary for you to make the best use of your time.
Minds that have nothing to confer find little to perceive.
I've nothing to give.
Party leaders are hammering out a proposal for political reform.
The ruling party has secured 50 seats as of 5 o'clock.
The ruling party pushed its tax bill through.
The government got their majority at the last election.
The party in power is corrupt, but the opposition is little better.
The ruling party is running a smear campaign against the opposition.
Heed public opinion.
Could you give me back my valuables?
I want to deposit some money.
Open an account.
I'd like to open a savings account.
Prophets have been forecasting the end of the world for centuries.
Child as he was, he was brave.
Young children should be exposed to good music.
It is absurd to believe that young children can run faster than policemen.
A young child has a small vocabulary.
I heard a young girl call for help.
The little girl stuck out her tongue at him.
The little boy embraced his dog.
We need more medical care for infants.
An infant is not capable of speaking, so it just screams until it gets what it wants.
Infants are subject to diseases.
The infant has faith in his mother taking care of him.
It is an act of cruelty to lock a small child in his room.
Crude persuasion is to persistently egg someone on.
The kindergarten children were walking hand in hand in the park.
The fairy changed the prince into a cat.
Do you believe in fairies?
Read such books as can be easily understood.
Do not look upon the vessel but upon that which it contains.
The whereabouts of the suspect is still unknown.
The suspect was innocent of the crime.
The suspect began to confess at last.
The suspect was hiding out in the mountains for three weeks.
The suspect was given the third degree until he confessed his crime.
The suspect told a lie to the inspector.
The suspect wanted to avoid being arrested.
To calculate the capacity, multiply the length by the width by the depth.
Avoid fried foods for a while.
Fried food usually doesn't agree with me.
The shaking began to slowly get less.
Judging from his appearance, he may be a soldier.
There are many kinds of insurance such as: health insurance, fire insurance, life insurance, etc.
It's natural that Yoko should say a thing like that.
Who can speak English better, Yoko or Yumi?
Yoko speaks English, doesn't she?
Aunt Yoko is too weak to work.
Yoko went shopping yesterday.
Yoko found it impossible to live alone any longer.
Yoko is unable to buy a computer.
Yoko ignored John completely, and he did the same to her.
Yoko bought some of them.
Yoko is the captain of the volleyball team.
Yoko danced with a grace that surprised us.
Where can Yoko have gone?
Yoko is in London now. She's studying English.
Yoko avoided answering my question.
Yoko will go to Kyoto next week.
You should know better than to spend all your money on clothes.
Western clothes are easier to work in than Japanese clothes.
I don't earn enough money to buy clothes regularly.
Tom's efforts to open a clothing store went up in smoke.
A satellite was launched into orbit to monitor melting glaciers.
Can you give me a geological explanation of lava?
Please go ahead of me, because I have something to do.
I was hardly prepared.
Careful preparations ensure success.
Lend me a tool set please.
Write your name at the bottom of the paper.
I filled in my name on the form.
Hand in the three sheets of paper together.
Each sheet bears a number in sequence.
We must have a new supply of forms.
Much caution does no harm.
Take care!
You had better take your umbrella in case.
Two sheep were killed by a wolf.
The sheep were feeding in the meadow.
Sheep are feeding in the meadow.
Can you tell a sheep from a goat?
What sound does a sheep make?
Sheep feed on grass.
We will be able to raise cows and sheep, too.
There were shepherds keeping watch over their flock.
Wool dyes nicely.
Leaves fell down every now and then.
Leaves were whirling in the air.
Leaves turn to gold.
The leaves have begun to color.
The leaves fell.
Leaves are to plants what lungs are to animals.
The leaves have begun to turn.
Have a cigar?
When Yoko and I heard the sirens stop nearby, we quickly decided to go check it out.
Send me a postcard.
In brief, the party was splendid.
The man, in short, is not to be trusted.
In effect, flowers are the creators of honey.
In brief, he was careless.
To sum up, we can say that his new novel is disappointing.
In short, he was too honest.
In brief, Sherlock lives.
In a word, life is short.
In brief, I need money. Please lend it to me!
In a word, you hate me, don't you?
The long and the short of it is that I was fired.
In brief, he was wrong.
In a word, he tires of everything.
In a word, he gained much profit.
The point is they're too young.
The point is that they are hungry.
In a word, I don't trust him.
The point is that you didn't teach them grammar.
The point is that she doesn't do homework for herself.
The point is that the mothers are too busy.
Everything that was asked for has now been sent.
The request was granted.
As requested, we are submitting our final report.
The fortress was in the enemy's hands.
We can eliminate C and D since they are irrelevant to the generation of the arcs.
It is highly probable that the deletion of element C will still yield the same result.
I brought the point home to the student.
Let's get down to brass tacks and make a decision.
Please send in your summary by Tuesday.
Would you like to dance?
They communicate the distance and direction of the food by dancing.
Let's go dancing, shall we?
Let's dance, shall we?
The dancers were beautifully got up.
Their grace comes from hard work, sweat, and pain.
The dancers look delicate in their white dresses, but they are really as strong as horses.
The dancers tripped lightly across the stage.
The dancer spun on his toes.
Let's start before the sun rises.
The sun sank below the horizon before I knew it.
As the weather became colder, he went from bad to worse.
The warm weather will bring the fruit trees into blossom soon.
At a hilarious party, one frequently finds a wet blanket sitting next to the life of the party.
Yoko would not have taken chemistry unless she had needed it.
It's a good idea to cover up when the sun is this strong.
He sent me a letter to the effect that his poultry farm would go bankrupt sooner or later.
The adopted child lived a happy life with her new family.
Take as much as you want to.
All I want is you.
Don't hesitate to ask if you want anything.
I will give you anything you want.
Take anything you want.
Greed seems to have blinded his good judgement.
The greedy man was by no means satisfied with the reward.
His greed brought him low.
Your eyes are bigger than your stomach.
The lust denies the need.
Don't confuse desire with love.
I weighed myself on the bathroom scales.
The lights in the bathroom aren't working.
Is the bath clean?
Don't leave the bathroom in such a mess.
Single with bath, right?
I want a double for two with bath.
The next morning found him traveling by bus.
The next morning found him on a spaceship.
The next morning found him famous throughout the village.
The next morning I woke to see the fruit trees in bloom underneath my window.
He was nervous because he was leaving for America the next morning.
It was not till the next morning that we knew the fact.
Not until the following morning did we see land.
We were very sleepy the next morning.
There was nothing to do but wait until the next morning.
The next morning, the snowman had completely melted.
Early the next morning, the circus left for the next town.
The next day the battery was flat again.
The next day at the newspaper office he drew a bun which contained a dachshund inside - not a dachshund sausage, but a dachshund.
It was not until the next day that they found her.
I should be back home the next day.
I had sore legs the next day.
He said he would see me the next day.
Those who came on the following day were in danger.
The next year, World War I broke out.
The compass pointer always seeks north.
Naked boys were swimming in the river.
You may come with us if you want to.
Whoever wants to come will be welcomed.
You may bring whoever wants to come.
You may invite any person who wants to come.
No one came except Mary.
As many men as came were caught.
As many men as came were welcomed.
I'd be very glad if you'd come.
Please help me distribute these pamphlets to visitors.
You are kind to come.
Please come.
Please come. I'm anxious to see you.
I just want you to come.
Come and help us.
Come and see this girl out.
I thought you wouldn't come.
No, I suppose not.
Don't come unless I tell you to.
You must make it clear whether you can come.
Let me know whenever you come.
He came regardless of my instructions.
She'll come even if you tell her not to.
Whoever comes will be welcomed.
Whoever comes will be welcome.
Why didn't you phone before coming?
Something must have happened to him on the way.
Day after day, the dog sat waiting for his master in front of the station.
Day in, day out the dog went to the station to wait for its master.
It rained day after day.
Day after day I write to her.
It has been snowing day after day.
If you can't make it, call us as soon as possible.
All the guests did justice to his wife's cooking.
An up-to-date edition of the encyclopedia will come out next month.
On the tenth of next month, they will have been married for twenty years.
Will you be seventeen next month?
I will be leaving for Australia next month.
I'll see you next month.
We will increase the rent next month.
We're moving out of this apartment next month.
Taxi fares will go up next month.
I will have lived here for ten years next month.
I am moving next month.
What is the program of the Kabuki for next month?
The loss must be made up for next month.
I'll be very busy next month.
The French president is to visit Japan next month.
Watch out for his latest movie which comes out next month.
We are moving next month.
I'll be taking a vacation next month.
A new serial will begin in next month's issue.
She is going to have kittens next month.
We are going to have a baby next month.
I have just received a letter from a friend saying that she is coming to see me next week.
Next week, I will sit a university entrance examination.
Please remember to see my father next week.
Would you please allow me to treat you to dinner next week?
I'll expect you next week.
I'm looking forward to seeing you next week.
I'd like to visit you next week. What day of the week would it be convenient for you?
Tests start next week.
Midterm exams are next week. Just cramming the night before won't get you ready. The time to start studying is now.
I am going to a concert next week.
I expect to see Mr Jones next week.
Next week, millions of people will be watching the TV program.
Next week a family will move in.
I will go to New York next week.
Please tell me what will be coming next week.
The board of directors is going to discuss the proposal next Tuesday.
Until Monday or Tuesday of next week.
Try us again next Monday.
We are leaving Narita next Monday.
I'll give it back next Monday without fail.
I will be flying about this time next party.
I'll pay you back a week from today, that is, on July 21.
I'll see you a week from today.
There will be no school a week from today.
We're having a party next Saturday.
I will be free next Saturday.
I'll be free next Sunday.
By next Sunday, I'll have read through the novel.
I will teach you how to fish next Sunday.
Come and see me on Sunday next week.
Next Sunday we are going to have a party for Mr Oka.
Won't you come and see me next week?
I'm going to Hawaii next week, so I have to go and exchange some yen for dollars at the bank.
I'll be busy next week.
I'll have to work overtime every day next week.
Check back next week.
I'd like to see you again next week.
Until next week.
Memorize the poem by next week.
Let's put it off till next week.
I will be leaving for Morocco next week.
I'm planning to leave for Europe next week.
I'll have to take a make-up test in English next week.
I was wondering if I could take a vacation next week.
I'll be in Tokyo on business next week.
I'll visit my uncle next week.
The exam is coming up next week.
Can you sit for the exam next week?
I'll explain in detail next week.
I am thinking of going to Kobe next week.
I'll get you the info you need by next week.
I do not believe the weather will change for the worse next week.
What do you say to a bus tour next Saturday?
I am supposed to go to Tokyo next week.
I am going to take two days off next week.
Next week, he is going to New York on business.
He will have to undergo an operation next week.
I'm going to drop in on her next week.
Would you like to come in for an interview next week?
I will get in touch with you next week.
Oceans are expected to rise by 50 centimeters by the end of the next century.
I hope to go to Canada next year.
I want to study abroad next year.
I'm considering studying in America next year.
The new national elder-care insurance system starts next year, right?
A new hotel will be built here next year.
He will have lived in Paris for ten years next year.
There is no telling what may happen next year.
You will have studied English for four years next March.
I'll have worked here ten years next April.
Next year is the devil's joke.
We will be studying very hard this time next year.
I guess I'll be living with you a year from now.
By this time next year, you will have visited almost all the famous places in Japan.
He retires next spring.
Next spring I want to graduate.
What will the Japanese economy be like next year?
Next year my birthday will fall on a Sunday.
I'll be seventeen next year.
You'll have to study harder next year.
You will be able to ski well next year.
I'll be able to see you next year.
I'm thinking of going to Canada next year.
Calculate how much money we will need next year.
You will have to study harder next year.
I'm going to see the sights of Paris next year.
I will be able to see you next year.
I hope to build a new house next year.
I'll be able to see him next year.
A recession is bound to come next year.
Hats are coming into fashion.
Let's get together again next year.
How would you like to come and spend a week with us next year?
Next year, we'll be starting college.
Next year I will be three times as old as you.
I am taking French next year.
I am going to work in Osaka next year.
They will have been in America for ten years next year.
How long will you have been working here by the end of next year?
A party was held in honor of the visiting writer.
Be prompt to do what is asked.
The flower is yours for the asking.
I need a favor.
Do be quiet, please!
For God's sake tell me the truth.
I'm begging you.
I'm depending on you.
I'm still waiting for my breakfast. Bring it to me now, please.
Lightning struck the tower.
Thunder rolled with menacing crashes.
A thunderbolt is likely to fall any minute.
First it thundered, and then it started to rain.
Lightning normally accompanies thunder.
Thunder indicates that a storm is near.
Thunder has been explained scientifically, and people no longer believe it is a sign that the gods are angry with them, so thunder, too, is a little less frightening.
Lightning is liable to hit metal.
The thunder frightened the students.
Trains were disrupted due to a thunderstorm.
The storm-clouds brooded over the valley.
The thunder became louder.
The thunder roared.
A sharp crack of thunder split the sky.
It is because light travels faster than sound that we see lightning before we hear thunder.
The animals were scared by the thunder.
Play it cool.
You've got to get down to your work.
Hey, relax.
Would you relax, man?
I grasped the rope so as not to fall.
Take care lest you should fall.
If I don't fail, I will get my driving license before New Year.
Fear of falling caused him to freeze.
Don't go too close to the pond so that you won't fall in.
The decline is not so deep after seasonal adjustment.
Come on, I didn't mean to hurt you.
She's depressed.
Call me when you get settled in.
Calm down and begin at the beginning.
We must keep calm.
Calm down. I'll come over as soon as possible.
I must have lost it.
A blow from a falling stone killed him.
Watch out for falling objects!
Fallen rocks closed the way.
A fallen rock barred his way.
Fallen rocks cut off the only access to the village.
Falling rocks present a danger to climbers.
I will be a repeater!
Study hard so you don't fail.
You must study hard lest you fail.
The fall from the horse resulted in a broken leg.
Please get rid of the dead leaves.
We had a rough flight because of turbulence.
You can solve the problem in nonviolent ways.
Don't be rough in speech.
Mix three eggs and a cup of sugar.
Don't count your chickens before they are hatched.
All the eggs went bad.
There were ten eggs in all.
Mix eggs with sugar.
Help me with shelling these eggs!
The shell of an egg is easily broken.
The shape of an egg is like the shape of a naught (0).
The price of eggs is going up.
You can set the white of an egg by boiling it.
Eggs are sold by the dozen.
They sell eggs at the supermarket.
How would you like your eggs?
How do you like your eggs done?
Eggs tend to go bad in summer.
I don't care for eggs.
Boil the eggs hard.
The eggs were graded according to weight and size.
Beat the eggs.
Please boil an egg for me.
Would you please boil my eggs for 2 minutes?
Please don't boil the eggs so hard.
I want a boiled egg.
Pack eggs in dozens.
Boil one egg.
Please keep from breaking the eggs.
Take care not to break the eggs.
You cannot make an omelet without breaking eggs.
I hard-boiled an egg.
It was his job to gather eggs.
Fry an egg for me.
He gets hives when he eats eggs.
You must be careful not to drop the eggs.
But for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
The storm has gradually abated.
If it had not been for the storm, I would have arrived earlier.
The storm rattled the shutters.
The storm blew up.
A storm is brewing.
A storm was approaching our town.
When the storm was over, we began to make preparations to leave the port.
They announced that a storm was coming.
The crops were badly damaged by the storm.
Many trees were blown down by the storm.
The storm knocked out power.
A storm confined them to the house.
There is going to be a storm.
We are going to have a storm.
In spite of the storm, he went out.
After the storm, it was calm.
There is a threat of a storm.
The storm prevented many planes from leaving the airport.
The storm sank the boat.
The storm prevented us from arriving on time.
Owing to the storm, the ship could not leave port.
The storm prevented me from going out for a walk.
Because of the storm, we were obliged to stay at home.
We put off our departure owing to the storm.
A storm prevented the plane from taking off.
The storm hindered us from searching for the missing child.
We were compelled to stay at home on account of the storm.
The storm prevented us from going out.
The storm prevented me from leaving.
Owing to the storm, they arrived late.
The storm prevented her from arriving on time.
The storm stopped the train.
All the passengers got seasick during the storm.
The electricity failed during the storm.
The fury of the storm frightened the children.
The radio station came back on the air shortly after the storm.
The sky cleared up soon after the storm.
After the storm, the sea was calm.
After the storm, the road was blocked with fallen trees.
Any port in a storm.
It was the calm before the storm.
I think it's dangerous to climb a mountain on a day when it's stormy.
The storm has done no harm.
The storm caused a lot of damage.
How long will the storm last?
The storm was at its worst.
The storm was at its height.
It appears the storm has calmed down.
The storm did heavy damage to the crops.
The storm had a bad impact on the crops.
The storm did a lot of harm to the crops.
The storm did great harm to the crop.
The storm didn't abate for several hours.
The storm has died down.
The storm brought about much damage.
The storm brought about a lot of damage.
The storm developed into a typhoon.
We took refuge from the storm in a nearby barn.
The profit will amount to three million dollars.
Benefits are in effect.
Are the profits exclusive of taxes?
According to Tom, Mary is just a predatory guru who promises gain.
Brokers struggling to make a profit don't always play by the book.
You ought not to act selfishly.
A selfish man thinks of nothing but his own feelings.
The ingenious boy won a prize for his invention.
A clever student would not do such a thing.
The clever student finished the test quickly.
Even smart folks become absent-minded at times.
A clever student can answer such a question easily.
What's the name of your pharmacy?
Terms of use may be changed without notice.
Gradually the interest rate will increase.
Enclose your resume in this envelope and submit it to the personnel department.
Pears are running large this year.
I found it rather difficult to make myself understood.
Rie and I went to the same school.
Rie has erroneous ideas.
The Board of Trustees voted to divest the organization's overseas holdings.
We must hold a meeting of the council of directors.
Human beings differ from other animals in that they have reason.
Men who were bereft of reason conducted the war.
No rational person, of whatever political persuasion, could possibly object to the program.
A man of reason could answer the question.
The ideal shape was the teardrop.
A barber is a man who shaves and cuts men's hair.
I met him at the barber's.
I have been to the barber's.
I fail to see the reason.
Whatever the reason, they did not marry.
The reasons are as follows.
No one can tell the reason.
It is difficult for a theory to survive such a test.
Theory and practice do not necessarily go together.
Complete agreement between theory and practice is a rare case.
Theory and practice should go hand in hand.
You should combine theory with practice.
Theory and practice do not always go together.
A theory must be followed by practice.
Although the arguments were rational, he was not convinced.
I would like to make a few remarks before turning to a close examination of the theory.
It is important to combine theory with practice.
In theory it is possible, but in practice it is very difficult.
As for the theoretical side, Peterson's claim is pertinent to our discussion.
He can pull strings for you.
I could not but suspect that there was something behind it.
Tracing a renegade's family background, you'll find him the black sheep.
The traitor betrayed his country to the enemy.
I'd like a room in the back.
Seen from a distance, it looks like a man.
Seen at a distance, the rock looks like a human face.
Respect is greater from a distance.
Seen from a distance, he looks much younger than he really is.
Distance lends enchantment to the view.
Go jump in the lake.
We've just spent two weeks apart.
Detachment provides perspective, which in turn permits a certain amount of pattern recognition.
I'm sorry to hear that you got a divorce.
I think she will divorce him.
Divorce tends to be associated with a negative image.
It is certain that the increase of divorce will lead to anxiety between couples, parents and children.
Divorce is becoming more common nowadays.
Divorce rates might reach a plateau soon.
The divorce rate is expected to rise.
Please secure your seat belt during takeoff and landing.
The sound of jets taking off gets on my nerves.
Taking off is easier than landing.
You must fasten your seat belts during take-off.
Your ears pop when the plane takes off.
Land came in sight.
Land and water make up the earth's surface.
A fish out of water.
No land was to be seen anywhere.
Land covers about 30 percent of the surface of the earth.
Land occupies the minor portion of the earth's surface.
The place is not accessible by land.
Stop beating around the bush and tell us what you really think.
Let me hear your frank opinion.
Frankly speaking, I don't agree with you.
Frankly speaking, it's difficult to understand why you want to go.
Frankly speaking, your way of thinking is out of date.
Frankly speaking, it was difficult for me to make out what he was saying.
To put it frankly, he is a critic rather than a writer.
Frankly speaking, he is an unreliable man.
To speak frankly, I think he is a good boss.
Frankly speaking, this novel isn't very interesting.
Frankly speaking, I hate him.
Frankly speaking, he is more of a hypocrite than a patriot.
To speak frankly, I don't like the idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't like your haircut.
Frankly speaking, I don't like you.
Frankly speaking, I don't want to work with him.
To speak frankly I don't like him.
Frankly speaking, his new novel is not very interesting.
To speak frankly, I don't like your idea.
Frankly speaking, I don't want to go with you.
Frankly speaking, it doesn't suit you.
Frankly speaking, I don't care for her very much.
Speak to me freely.
I get dizzy spells when I stand up.
Stand up!
How long is the stopover?
Do you have any standing room?
When I stood up, my head was swimming.
Don't stand up.
Keep out.
Keep out!
I didn't mean to eavesdrop, but I did overhear you.
I could scarcely stand on my feet.
It was all I could do to keep standing.
Those standing were all men.
Stand up, please.
Your presentation was so smooth and fluent - what can I say?
Lately it's not so fashionable to measure success by how far you climb up the corporate ladder.
It's magnificent.
Fine feathers make fine birds.
Even though he didn't sleep, Mr. Blay gave a great speech.
We commended him for his good work.
A good purpose makes hard work a pleasure.
If you stack the dishes up by the sink, I'll do them later.
Let's try and swim against the current.
The force of the current carried the bridge away.
The stream is not very swift.
The stream falls into the pond.
Never swap horses while crossing a stream.
A shooting star dashed through the sky.
Few people die away at the approach of winter.
The flu prevented him from playing golf.
I was vaccinated against the flu.
They say you shouldn't take rumors seriously, but that's easier said than done.
I gave up keeping up with trends.
Fashions change quickly.
Fashions grow old and die.
Don't follow the fashion.
I would like to speak English fluently.
You should take liquid food.
The hook doesn't catch.
I have the same desire to take a year abroad to study.
My decision to study abroad surprised my parents.
I study abroad.
To study abroad will be a wonderful experience.
I am saving money in order to study abroad.
Can foreign students be in the club?
For studying abroad, I can't decide whether I should go to Australia or Canada.
Will you look after our pets while we're away?
I'd like you to look after my dog during my absence.
Someone has robbed us of all our money during our absence.
Mr Tanaka called during your absence.
Could you act for me while I'm out?
Behave yourself during my absence.
A Mr Smith came while you were out.
Was anybody here while I was out?
A Mr West called in your absence.
A Mr Brown came to see you when you were out.
If he should come in my absence, please ask him to wait until I come back.
Mr Brown came to see you were out.
Please take care of our dog while we're away.
I'll take care of the dog while you are out.
I will care for your kitten during your absence.
Leave me a message, please.
Would you look after the place while I'm out?
Please leave your message on my answering machine.
Would you like to go out with me this weekend, Rumiko?
Sulfur is used to make matches.
Sulfur burns with a blue flame.
Have you taken a bath yet, Takashi?
The dragon is an imaginary creature.
The tornado destroyed the whole village.
Mr Tatuya deals in grain.
A dragon is a creature of fancy.
Before taking a journey, I got a haircut.
I feel like going on a trip.
When you travel, you've got to try the local brew.
We find comfort in traveling.
The greatest charm of traveling lies in its new experiences.
Let's pool our money and travel as a group.
Are you ready to start your journey?
A man away from home need feel no shame.
The trip will take some five hours.
Travel is one of the better forms of education.
Traveling will immensely enrich our minds.
Gathering information is one of the essentials of travel.
Good company on the road is the shortest cut.
No road is long with good company.
Nothing is more delightful to me than travelling.
At a Japanese-style inn, they take care of your every need, so you don't have to lift a finger.
Passengers must take the footbridge to cross the railroad tracks.
A passenger airplane took off for the USA.
The pilot of an airliner is responsible for the safety of passengers.
I left my passport somewhere.
Make allowance for souvenirs on the return trip.
Do you like to travel?
Don't carry too much baggage when you travel.
When I travel, I prefer to travel by air.
This guidebook might be of use to you on your trip.
Let's get the low-down on the British Museum for our trip.
Can you account for all the money you spent on your trip?
Speaking about trips, have you ever been to Kobe?
Speaking of travel, have you ever visited New York City?
Speaking of travel, have you ever been to Australia?
Please prepare for the trip.
Will you go on a trip?
You can claim back your traveling expenses.
Please consult with your parents about the trip.
Do you want to go on a trip with me?
It's a lot of fun going on a trip.
I can afford neither the time nor the money for a trip.
I need some shots before I go on my trip.
Let's take a trip.
Do you have adequate money for the trip?
The same rule applies to going for a journey.
I want to get a haircut before I go on the trip.
They were all in high spirits when they set out on their travels.
His trip will keep him away from the office for a week.
Mother looked after my dog during the trip.
Are you ready for the trip?
Are you all set for the trip?
Have you made all the arrangements for your trip?
Can you work out the total cost of the trip?
What's the purpose of your trip?
He told me that the trip was off.
It's fun to travel.
Did you enjoy your trip?
Did the trip live up to your expectations?
Traveling is a luxury I cannot afford.
Travel broadens one's horizons.
Nothing is more pleasant than traveling.
I can't afford the time to travel.
Whoever travels will find that there's no place like home.
Can I continue my trip?
I don't blame you for putting off our trip.
The enjoyment of traveling is common to almost all people.
We must take into account the wishes of all the family in planning a trip.
Travel agencies' profits soared.
The travel company furnished us with all the details of the tour.
The travelers ferried across the river.
The travelers stayed at a seaside hotel.
I'm traveling, and I'd like to make an appointment.
A company of tourists visited our town.
There are many rest stops along the freeway for the convenience of travelers.
The tourists were ripped off at the nightclub.
The tourist asked for lodging for the night.
The tourists had to leave the town before dawn.
The travelers came from many lands.
May I pay with a travelers' check?
Let's ask a travel agent.
The travel agent suggested that we take some traveller's cheques with us.
During the trip, John and I alternated driving the car.
You should allow for a few rainy days on your trip.
It rained three times during the trip.
I caught a bad cold during the trip.
I don't like to send postcards when I'm on a trip.
I asked Bill what the weather had been like during his travel.
We were able to eat little rice during the tour.
Did you go to Rome during your travels?
I had a good time during the trip.
In the absence of my travel partner, I took several solo trips.
Which is the best way to travel?
The traveler reached his destination at last.
The traveler was delighted at the sight of a light in the distance.
The traveler stopped to ask me the way.
When traveling, it is easy to get lost.
Don't talk about work. We're on vacation.
Nothing is more comforting than kindness offered to us while traveling.
The trip will cost $1000 at the outside.
The time is approaching when we must leave.
Both leaders should be brought together to bring down the curtain on generations of feuding between the two clans.
Extremes meet.
Both countries are now at peace.
Trade friction might arise between the nations at any moment.
The delegations of both countries met in Geneva.
The two countries are closely related to each other.
Relations between the two countries have been strained to the breaking point.
The two countries will negotiate a settlement to the crisis.
The two countries were leagued with each other.
The two countries negotiated a treaty.
The two countries are antagonistic to each other.
Both countries entered into peace negotiations.
The countries terminated friendly relations.
Both nations entered into a war.
The news of the merger of the two companies broke yesterday.
Collaboration has apparently paid off for both of them.
Read both sides and then decide for yourself.
There is little, if any, difference between the two.
There is a marked difference between them.
There are noticeable differences between the two.
There is no connection between them.
The relationship is convenient and symbiotic.
The gap between them has narrowed.
A population policy should be considered on the international viewpoint so as to balance the interests of both sides.
What a contrast between them!
Both parties took a step towards a solution.
Hold the ball in both hands.
Hold the vase with both hands.
Hold the box with both hands.
Hold it with both hands.
It's nice to have a pretty girl on each arm.
Hands up!
The faster we rub our hands together, the warmer they get.
Both of the parents did try hard in search of their daughter.
I was nearly ten when my parents gave me a chemistry set for Christmas.
Both of my parents are not strict with me.
My parents send you their best regards.
My parents telegraphed me to come back at once.
Why do you insist on paying for your school expenses yourself, when your parents are willing to give you financial support?
I heard my parents whispering last night.
Education by the parents of their children is important.
My parents sent me a postcard.
My parents tried to convert me to their way of thinking.
My parents didn't disagree with my plan.
I'll look after my parents when they get old.
After their parents died, their grandparents brought them up.
A child whose parents are dead is called an orphan.
Our parents took care of us and now it's our turn to take care of them.
Because the parents divorced, the girl had little contact with the father.
My parents are away on a trip and I'm alone in our house.
Both my parents came to see me off at the airport.
Not only my parents but also my sister is against my opinion.
I keep in touch with my parents by mail.
Both of my parents do not play golf.
Both of my parents aren't alive.
What will become of the children now that both parents are dead?
Both my parents are not alive.
Both parents and teachers educate their children.
Have you acquainted your parents with your plans?
Whenever Beth's parents have guests, she wants to join their adult talk.
My parents will jump all over me.
I don't want to be any more burden to my parents.
Be polite to your parents.
You cannot be too good to your parents.
The higher the ratio of children to parents, the harder it is to bring up the children.
You'll get into trouble if your parents find out.
Either of my parents must go to the meeting.
The joys of parents are secret, and so are their grief's and fears.
Great was the delight of his parents.
It is always difficult for a son to live up to the expectations of his parents.
You should mind your parents.
After his parents' death he was brought up by his aunt.
People who do not look after their parents are guilty of ingratitude.
My parents let me go there.
My parents made me go there.
My parents had me go there.
His parents want him to go to college.
Parents may favor the youngest child in the family.
Our parents live right across the street from us.
My parents have gone to the airport to see my uncle off.
Jane's parents were pleased about her appointment as a teacher at the school.
My parents run a pension for skiers.
The parents have brought up the child well.
My parents have just arrived at the station.
My parents live in Kyoto.
My parents came to the airport to see me off.
My parents are old.
The parents could not help scolding their little child.
My parents objected to my going there alone.
My parents expect me to enter the university.
My parents forbade me to see Tom again.
My parents approved of my marrying Mary.
My parents would not let me go out with boys.
My parents objected to my studying abroad.
My parents told me we should respect the old.
My parents told me that we should respect the elderly.
My parents object to my opinion.
My parents were satisfied with my grades this year.
Parents are responsible for the safety of their children.
The parents try to amuse their baby with a toy.
The parents named their baby Akira.
The parents want to give their son the best education.
Although her parents had said no for a long time, they finally let her go to Europe alone.
My parents live at ease in the country.
Both the parents are still living.
His parents acted to calm him down.
The parents succeeded in calming him down.
His parents battled to send him to college.
She is a trial to her parents.
My parents rely on my monthly allowance of fifty thousand yen.
They are not my real parents.
My parents enjoy skiing every winter.
The parents couldn't make out what their daughter wanted.
Let me introduce my parents to you.
He had his parents die in the plane accident.
The girl and her parents were very sympathetic.
I got bruises on both legs.
Keep both feet firmly on the ground.
I'd like to change some money.
Where is the money exchange counter?
Where can I find a place to change money?
He scattered the coins of the money-changers and overturned their table.
The two regions differ in religion and culture.
You can't have it both ways.
Between two stools one falls to the ground.
They are both good.
I do not like both of them.
I don't like both of them.
A common theme underlies both perspectives.
You must observe the rules of the dormitory.
Our dorm's having heater problems.
Have you got used to living in the dorm?
The fee includes the payment for professional services needed to complete the survey.
The price does not include the box.
Please find some hotel where the rates are moderate.
The room charge is 100 USD a night plus tax.
Pay your fare here.
Pay your dues to the treasurer.
Could you charge it to my room?
My telephone service was cut off because of unpaid bills.
May I see the rate list.
Show me a list of your rates, please.
You are a good cook, aren't you?
The food was so good that I ate too much.
I hear you are good at cooking.
Have you learned cooking or anything?
You are a good cook.
Are you good at cooking?
The food is cold.
A cooking course should be mandatory in schools.
At the sight of cooked snails, Jane turned pale.
Cooking is interesting.
Draw a chicken before cooking.
I am no match for her in cooking.
When it comes to cooking, no one can equal Mary.
In cooking we cannot hold a candle to the Chinese.
When it comes to cooking, you cannot beat Mary.
Cooking takes up too much time.
She is an expert when it comes to cooking.
Do you have any questions about the menu?
We need a woman able in cooking.
A good cook doesn't throw out yesterday's soup.
When it comes to cooking, no one can beat me.
I don't know how to cook too many things.
I don't know how to cook.
Could you show me what you're serving?
Following a cookbook, I made my first Spanish food, and it came out very well.
The girl reading a cookbook is Kate.
The dishes were not so delicious, but otherwise the party was a success.
Jane told us that cooking was not difficult.
I learned cooking under my sister's tuition.
I'm a good cook.
Please help me cook.
Please tell the chef it was delicious.
I want to buy cooking utensils in one lot.
Beams bear the weight of the roof.
Do you like a cool summer?
It was nice and cool there.
It was nice and cool, but it is getting cold now.
The weather is becoming cooler.
It's starting to cool off.
It has cooled off.
The hunting dog headed for the woods.
The hunting dogs followed the scent of the fox.
The hounds are in pursuit of the fox.
Hounds hunt by their keen scent.
The hound was in full chase of the bear.
The hunters aimed at the elephant.
The hunter followed the bear's tracks.
The hunter shot a bear.
You have to concentrate on your recovery.
I had a good idea.
Thanks for the tip. I'll give it a try.
I'm looking forward to receiving your favorable answer.
A good businessman knows how to make money.
I was lucky that I was able to find a good babysitter.
A good ballboy or ballgirl must be able to concentrate hard and run fast.
A good doctor is sympathetic to his patients.
How can you tell good English from bad English?
How can you make your way in life without a good education?
A good management would listen to reasonable demands.
A good result is in prospect.
Good speech is the outcome of education.
Good words are worth much, and cost little.
I am looking forward to receiving your favorable answer.
A good idea occurred to me just then.
A good idea occurred to him.
A good idea crossed his mind.
A good idea presented itself.
He is a good boy, and he is very strong.
It is easy to distinguish good from evil.
You cannot do without a good dictionary.
Fertile soil is indispensable for a good harvest.
Good habits should be cultivated in childhood.
Have a nice weekend!
Find a good job.
It's important to nourish your children with good food.
Good eating habits are essential.
A good newspaper reporter takes advantage of what he learns from any source, even the "little bird told him so" type of source.
I was there early so that I might get a good seat.
I left early so I could get a good seat.
I came early in order to get a good seat.
I left home early so as to get a good seat.
A good son is always anxious to please his parents.
All you have to do is study hard to get into a good college.
Hope you had a good birthday.
Here, if the weather's good, you can get a lovely view.
The fine day added to the pleasure of the picnic.
It turned out to be a lovely day.
The good weather will hold.
I tried to get good marks.
A good biography is interesting and instructive.
A good lawyer would leave no stone unturned in his efforts to defend his client.
A good daughter will make a good wife.
It will be a good lesson to him.
Good for you.
If you wouldn't mind, I could use a hand.
For better or for worse, television has changed the world.
For good or ill, there is no way but this to tide over the difficulty.
A good coach is like a parent to the players.
Well done is better than well said.
I will come and see you when I get well.
That's better.
You'll feel better.
You are doing very well.
This was quite a well thought-out plan.
A good-looking horse may sometimes break down.
Yoshiko is very diligent in knitting.
A man of sense wouldn't speak to you like that.
France can't be matched for good wine.
Good fruit is scarce in winter, and costs a lot.
There is a shortage of good building wood.
It is an economy to buy good quality goods.
Yoshiki was hard up and asked Goro to lend him 20,000 yen.
It isn't always easy to know a good book from a bad one.
Good books are always worth reading.
A good book is the best of friends, the same today and forever.
I always find contentment in a good book.
You never read a book without being the better for it.
One cannot read a good book without being so much the better for it.
His conscience pricked him.
His conscience stung him.
Don't obtain wealth at the expense of your conscience.
A good medicine tastes bitter.
Quality is more important than quantity.
I'd like a receipt, please.
Make sure you save the receipt.
May I have a receipt?
They controlled a fifth part of the territory.
I hit him good and hard.
I feel lethargic.
My strength is all gone.
Nobody equals him in strength.
Might is right.
If we unite our efforts, we will be able to finish this.
Midori ate the most oranges.
Push the green button, and the light goes on.
The green leaves are coming out.
Green leaves are coming out little by little.
A green carpet will not go with this blue curtain.
Is it true that Midori plays the violin very well?
Green is associated with grass.
A green color is a characteristic of that type of apple.
Do you have any in green?
Green suits you very well.
Green plants can make their own food.
In ethical terms, a great many people are opposed to gene therapy.
Ethics means the rules of conduct.
I got a lot of insect bites in the woods.
An apple is round in shape.
The apple was cut in two by her with a knife.
Messrs. Hayashi & Co. is our sole agent in Japan.
The couple next door are fighting again.
I just couldn't put up with the man smelling of whisky sitting next to me.
May I sit next to you?
The girl who lives next door is very pretty.
Let's ask the boy who lives next door.
The boy who lives next door often comes home late.
Though living next door, he doesn't even say hello to us.
Mother White next door likes reading.
The lodger next door lives on about 30,000 yen a month.
There is a fence marking the boundary between our yard and the neighbor's.
Who lives in the house next door?
The radio next door gets on my nerves.
The dog next door kept barking all night.
The people next door were annoyed with us for making so much noise last night.
The dog next door is always barking.
The child next door was showing off his brand new bicycle to his friends.
Did you hear that our neighbor was fooling around with a younger woman?
Let's ask the neighbors to look after the dog while we're away.
I found it difficult to get along with my neighbor.
You should be good to your neighbors.
Our neighbor's ground yields better corn than our own.
How far is it from here to the next village?
An hour's walk brought me to the next village.
The man next door said he goes for a jog every morning.
It's noisy next door.
Go and get a chair from the next room, please.
Please fetch me a chair from the next room.
There is a conference going on in the next room.
Do you hear someone moving in next room?
I can hear someone talking in the next room.
The people in the next room stay up until all hours doing God knows what.
I was surprised to hear her voice in the next room.
Didn't you hear the voice in the next room?
It's only natural to keep up with the Joneses.
I called my neighbors over for dinner.
Our next-door neighbor asked us to look after his plants while he was away on vacation.
When her neighbors were sick, she asked doctors to give them medical supplies.
My neighbors's hen is better than mine.
My neighbors are four sisters and a cat.
You ought to love your neighbors.
To love our neighbors is our duty.
He lives in the next town.
Tears ran down Alice's cheeks.
Tears rolled down his cheeks.
A tear ran down her cheek.
My eyes are watery.
Tears ran down my face.
Tears rolled down my cheeks.
My eyes are watering.
Tears trickled down her cheeks.
Tears were running down her cheeks.
Tears were rolling down her cheek.
Tears fell down her cheeks.
Tears filled her eyes.
She was choked with tears and was unable to speak.
I was told my tear duct was blocked.
Apes rank above dogs in intelligence.
Apes are intelligent.
You shouldn't have made such a remark even if you had been angry.
No matter what happens, I won't give up.
For instance, "delight" is the opposite of "sorrow."
Like, 'Hey, I just saw a blue paper square!'
For example, this is a pen.
Take Jennifer for example.
For example, chameleons can change the color of their skin and blend with the trees and leaves around them.
A Frenchman, for instance, might find it hard to laugh at a Russian joke.
For example, Pepperberg would show Alex an object, such as a green wooden peg or a red paper triangle.
For example, it is 7:00 a.m. in London now.
For instance, gauges, such as thermometers and barometers, are instruments.
For example, do you like English?
For example, more people are choosing to live together and have children without getting married.
For example, I am in a high-level math class that actually gives me college credits for next year.
In my social studies class, for example, there are often discussions that include the teacher as another member of the group.
Birds, for instance, have a special protective device.
For example, Osaka is the sister city of San Francisco.
For instance, in my father's business the timing of sales and purchases was very important, and he would sometimes write or say to his colleagues "There is a tide," without going into detail.
Young men such as you are needed for this work.
The cones of the jack pine, for example, do not readily open to release their seeds until they have been subjected to great heat.
For example, vervet monkeys learn to use a certain call in the presence of circling eagles, who prey on the monkeys.
Even if it takes me the whole day, I will do the typing.
What if he fails?
As is usual with him Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
The phone rang while I was taking a bath, as usual.
As is often the case with him, he didn't show up on time.
As is his way, he eats reading a newspaper.
As is often the case with her, she didn't show up on time.
That customer came back to complain again.
I don't think we can keep the lid on the scandal much longer; people are bound to find out.
How is that business progressing?
The examples are as follows.
Quote me an example.
There is no rule but has some exceptions.
There is no rule without exceptions.
The exception proves the rule.
I insist that exceptions not be made.
The exception was in China, where flat bread was probably not eaten.
The company, although with some exceptions, usually utilizes its resources very well.
I hear that you are having an unusually cold winter.
A cold beer would hit the spot!
Let's talk over a cold beer.
That's a bit cold.
I would love a cold glass of beer.
My teeth are sensitive to cold foods.
I am dying for a cold drink.
You shouldn't eat anything cold.
Bring me some cold water.
The cold weather slowed the growth of the rice plants.
A cold wind was blowing.
A cold wind blew in.
Cold winds blow hard every winter.
The cold wind cut through his coat.
The cold wind chilled the traveler.
The cold wind is blowing from the sea.
The cold north wind turned the leaves brown.
I'd like a chilled one.
Thanks to a cold summer, beer has sold poorly.
The water cooler is out of order.
A cold bath refreshed him.
Get real!
Cold-war tension has mounted.
The Cold War ended when the Soviet Union collapsed.
Is there any butter in the refrigerator?
There isn't much butter left in the refrigerator.
There is little food in the refrigerator.
There is no meat left in the fridge.
Is there anything to drink in the refrigerator?
It's been about two days since I put the body in the refrigerator.
A refrigerator keeps meat fresh.
When I opened the door of the refrigerator, an apple fell out.
Is there much food in the refrigerator?
Put the tomato salad in the refrigerator.
There are two pounds of butter in the icebox.
Nothing remained in the refrigerator.
Please feel free to have anything in the fridge.
Refrigerators help to preserve food.
The refrigerator preserves food from decay.
Opening the refrigerator, I noticed the meat had spoiled.
Refer to the instructions to fix the refrigerator.
Many housewives make good use of frozen food.
How do I fix the air-conditioner?
You must look to your manners.
Politeness is less observed today than it used to be.
Polite Americans are polite at all times.
Courtesy marked his manner.
Mind your manners.
It pays to be polite.
It was courteous of him to write a letter of thanks.
That's the spirit, Mr Suzuki.
Mr Suzuki has three daughters.
Mr Suzuki, as far as I know, has not returned from Hawaii yet.
Mrs Suzuki was giving a speech that afternoon.
Mrs. Suzuki is a very economical housekeeper.
Mr Suzuki is not a dentist but a physician.
Please get Miss Suzuki on the phone.
This is Mr Suzuki speaking.
Mr Suzuki may well be proud of his son.
Mr Suzuki persuaded his son to drop his plan to study abroad.
Mr Suzuki is a great scientist.
When did Mr Suzuki leave Japan?
Mr Suzuki teaches us English.
Mom-and-pop bakeries were overwhelmed by supermarkets.
Small enterprises are feeling the squeeze of inflation.
Mom-and-pop stores will turn a profit in the new fiscal year.
Grooming in primates increases group cohesion.
The primates include not only the apes, but also man.
To me, fair friend, you never can be old.
During the history test, she felt very sick, so she got a pass to go to the toilet.
The history class starts at nine.
Professor Suzuki is an expert historian.
History goes on with old ideas giving way to the new.
History presents us with many different answers to each question.
History has never fared well against legend.
History deals with the past.
History repeats itself.
The role of the historian is less to discover and catalog documents than to interpret and explain them.
History is a branch of the humanities.
We visited places of historic interest.
The historical thesis can be summarized by saying that Darwinism has undergone three stages of evolution.
Line up and walk to the door in order.
After a long wait in line, she was told she should get a certified copy of her birth certificate as identification.
As they walk up and down the rows they shout, "Get your hot dogs here! Get your hot dogs!"
The train leaves in ten minutes.
The train roared through the tunnel.
There being no train, we had to walk all the way.
The train was so crowded that I had to keep standing all the way.
It began to snow heavily as I got off the train.
Look at the train going over the bridge.
The train was so crowded that we were obliged to stand all the way to Osaka.
It was because of the storm that the trains were halted.
You must not get off the train before it stops.
Don't open the door till the train stops.
The train passed by us.
The train disappeared from view.
I only got to the station after the train had left.
There is a little time before the train departs.
The train was derailed, and panic ensued.
The train was derailed and about thirty passengers were either killed or injured.
Even though the train was late, we made it in time.
They had to change their schedule because the train arrived late.
The train is in.
As the train came to a halt, all of the passengers wondered what was happening.
We arrived at the station as the train was leaving.
Because the train did not wait for me.
It's no more than four minutes from here by train.
It is advisable to go by train.
You must decide whether you will go by train or by plane.
Some people traveled by train, and others by road.
The train leaves at half past ten, so I'll call for you at ten.
We have ample time to catch our train.
He left home early in the morning so as not to miss his train.
I left home early in the morning for fear that I should miss the train.
Don't be late for the train.
I like to ride on trains.
We have enough time to catch the train.
After I got on board a train, I found I had left my wallet behind at home.
You'll miss the train.
Train compartments soon get cramped.
The train strike didn't bother me at all.
The trains are running late.
Faint grew the sound of the train.
The last three coaches of the train were badly damaged.
The train's departure will be delayed.
We caught a glimpse of the castle from the window of our train.
I caught a glimpse of Mt. Fuji from the window of the train.
There is a long wait between trains.
You can make up for lost time by taking an airplane instead of a train.
We have to allow for the delay of the train.
I caught sight of her in the train.
Travel by train has been on the decrease.
The train started at ten o'clock to the minute.
The train left at ten, so it should have arrived in Osaka by now.
The train should arrive at Osaka by ten.
The train will come in at platform ten.
The train arrived ten minutes behind schedule.
The train is made up of fifteen cars.
The train is 30 minutes overdue.
The train left at five o'clock to the minute.
The train starts at six.
The train was due at 6.
The train is supposed to leave in five minutes.
I think the train will come soon.
The train doesn't stop at that station.
Trains are running on schedule.
The train has just arrived here.
The train was so crowded that I had to stand all the way to Ueno.
The train made a brief stop.
The train has arrived here now.
The train finally arrived.
The train got into London.
The train ran at the rate of 500 miles an hour.
The train pulled into the station.
The train was seen to come into the station by me.
The train was clear of the station.
Would you tell me what time the train starts?
What time does the train reach Osaka?
I will check what time the train arrives.
The train gathered speed.
The train came to a smooth stop.
The train rolled out of the station.
The train leaves at nine, arriving there at ten.
The train leaves at 2:30 p.m.
The train was delayed two hours owing to the heavy snow.
The train has just gone.
The train leaves at one-thirty this afternoon.
The train is ten minutes behind today.
The train was held up because of the railroad accident.
The train arrived on time, so we didn't have to wait at all.
Will the train leave on time?
The train arrived ten minutes behind time.
The train just left.
The train was about to leave.
The train gained speed gradually.
The train was full of passengers.
The train left for Kobe station.
The train is due at noon.
The train was hurrying west.
Do the trains run on diesel oil?
The train was delayed because of snow.
The train was delayed by snow.
The train didn't wait for me.
The train arrived at Osaka station.
The train was delayed by a heavy snowfall.
The train ran off the tracks.
The train will probably arrive at the station before noon.
The train approached the town.
The train arrived at the station on time.
The train got in on time.
Trains were arriving on time.
The trains are running behind time.
The train left on time.
The train pulled out on time.
It seems unlikely that the train will arrive on time.
The train left before they got to the station.
The train was full, so she was obliged to travel second-class, and had to stand all the way.
This train runs nonstop to Nagoya.
On getting off the train, he was met by his cousin.
Smoking is banned in the train.
Inferiority complex - what exactly does that mean?
Is this love?
I'm looking for someone to fall in love with.
Love and cough cannot be hidden.
All's fair in love and war.
Pains of love be sweeter far / Than all other pleasures are.
The taste of love is bitter.
It is said that the taste of love is bitter.
A man has free choice to begin love, but not to end it.
Love, being jealous, makes a good eye look asquint.
Love is a sickness full of woes, All remedies refusing.
Love is blind. Hatred is also blind.
Falling in love is one thing; getting married is another.
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
Love is beyond reason.
The lovers were walking arm in arm.
The lovers engraved the oak tree with their initials.
She was agitated by the news of her lover's death.
She was very agitated at the news of her lover's death.
Lover, come back to me.
The lovers kissed.
The lovers roamed around the fields in search of wild berries.
One can't see through a brick wall.
Bricks consist mostly of clay.
The bricklayer calculated that he would need 500 bricks for the wall.
However hard the training was, she never cried.
Practice is the only way to master foreign languages.
The lotus blossoms diffused an inexpressibly pleasant scent.
Thanks for bringing me here.
Everybody's business is nobody's business.
How long have they been playing tennis?
The gang knocked him down and robbed him of his watch.
Traffic accidents happen daily.
I am sure that more flags were burned as a result of Congress passing that law than had ever been burned before.
The FTC nailed down new evidence in the fraud investigation.
The Federal Reserve cut its benchmark discount rate to an 18-year low.
Federal budget cuts will take a bite out of Social Security benefits.
The federal budget was narrowly approved by Congress.
Keep in touch, please.
The reason for my silence is there was nothing special to write about.
When you contact me, please do so by phone.
Keep in touch!
Please write down your contact address here.
There are lumps of snow lying on the road.
The snow on the road was in the way of the traffic.
The blood on the road must be mine.
Can I change the route?
Can I get a route map, please?
Streetcars run on electricity.
The dew is on the leaves of grass.
The dew evaporated when the sun rose.
The talk between labor and management yielded no definite results.
Industrial disputes are still a problem.
Our competitive position is weakened by the rising labor cost.
Labor is not merely a necessity but a pleasure.
Work is not only important for economic benefits, the salary, but also for social and psychological needs, the feeling of doing something for the good of society.
Work is a very important part of life in the United States.
In labor negotiation union leaders play an important role.
It stands to reason that workers are paid.
The workers have no incentive to work harder.
The workers like to gather in a pub where they can let their hair down.
The workers were naked to the waist.
The workers took pride in their work.
The laborers formed a human barricade.
Workers put up with silly rules for a long time.
The workers united to demand higher wages.
The workers pushed for a raise in salary.
A working man should be paid in proportion to his skill, not his age.
Many of the workers died of hunger.
Most workers belong to unions.
The workman, as a rule, works eight hours a day.
Workers can go on strike for higher wages, or for better working conditions.
The workers were laid off for three weeks.
The workers demanded more money and holidays.
No workers can be dismissed without previous notice.
The laborers are murmuring against their working conditions.
Respect is due to the proletariat.
The workers' demands centered around overtime pay.
The workers demanded that they talk with the owner.
The workers are on strike.
Laborers required raising of a salary of the manager.
The workers came to ask about their pay raises.
Workers made loud demands for higher wages.
The workers asked for an increase in pay.
There has been an explosive increase in the demand for labor.
They want to better their working conditions.
The union bosses are fighting the freeze on wage hikes.
The workers union called off their 24-hour strike today.
The labor union called a strike.
The labor union is negotiating with the owners.
The number of days lost through industrial dispute is shown in the table on the facing page.
The disagreement between the union and management could lead to a strike.
The emerging labor shortage is viewed as a sign of economic overheating.
There's a fire down the hall.
Watch your step, as the passageway is slippery.
The corridor was so crowded that we couldn't walk.
It is not wise, nor in the long run is it kind, to tax the thrifty for the thriftless.
Waste makes want.
The leak needs to be stopped immediately.
Flatterers look like friends, as wolves like dogs.
Can you tell wolves from dogs?
Talk of the wolf and behold his skin.
To my dismay I found I had lost my money.
As they grow old, many people become unable to look after themselves.
Both young and old, men and women, regularly get together at the local bathhouses.
Young and old went to battle.
You have to get more exercise in order to stave off senility.
This is a condition caused by aging.
I'm getting farsighted as I get older.
Everybody thinks that they are ready for their old age.
I'm saving money for my old age.
Conscientiously save money for one's old age.
I want to live comfortably when I become old.
If you want security in your old age, begin saving now.
The old woman studied the visitor carefully.
An old man came tottering along.
The old man was plodding along.
It is hard for an old man to change his way of thinking.
The old man was run over by a car.
It is important for old people to stay strong.
An old man sat surrounded by his grandchildren.
An old man spoke to me suddenly.
Although old, he is still very much alive.
The old people were taken good care of.
The Old Man and the Sea is a very exciting book.
It's hard for an old man to change his way of living.
We must be as kind to old people as possible.
Old people need something to live for.
Old people need someone to talk to.
When I was asked by an old man where the church was, I pointed it out.
It was civil of him to offer his seat to the old man.
There should be more national hospitals for old people.
There is no fool like an old fool.
A portrait of an old man was hanging on the wall.
We must think about the care of old people.
The old man's anger melted.
The old man's narrative was punctuated by coughs.
The old man looked about for his hat.
The old man tried to hide his money under the ground.
The old are apt to catch cold.
The old man assumed an impudent attitude.
The old man often looks back on his youth.
The old man lived there by himself.
The old man gave the child shelter.
The old man looked surprised at the news.
The old man sat all alone.
The old man beguiled the weary day with cards.
The old man loaded his mule with bags full of sand.
Old people are inclined to look back on the past.
Old people look back on the past too much.
The old man told us about the amusing incident.
The old man stopped for a moment to rest.
The old man passed away this morning.
The old man sat surrounded by the children.
The old man told the children an amusing story.
The old man asked me a favor.
The old man saw my notebook and smiled at me.
The old man walked with a stick.
The old man wondered why life had passed him by.
The old man breathed his last.
An old man lay dead on the road.
The old man sat on the bench with his eyes closed.
The old man gave me a useful piece of advice.
The old man was sitting with his arms folded.
It is wrong to make fun of an old man.
You have to respect the old.
It's a shame the way old people are treated.
The old are not always wiser than the young.
Old age is an island surrounded by death.
An old woman was burnt to death.
The old woman smiled with a sigh of relief.
I helped an old lady across.
An old woman is walking across the road.
The old lady thanked me for helping her across the road.
The old lady lived in a three-room apartment by herself.
The old lady made her a present of it and insisted she should have it.
The old woman extended a loving hand to the children.
The old woman sent a servant for the trunk.
The old woman got hurt when she fell.
The old woman was ill in bed.
He is worn with age.
His old age is beginning to affect his eyesight.
Old age creeps upon us unnoticed.
An aging population will require more spending on health care.
Deaf-mute people talk using sign language.
June is a social season in London.
In June, it rains day after day.
Come here at six, not before.
I took my temperature every six hours.
Call me at six-thirty, please.
I have a reservation for six-thirty.
Please play it back for me after you've finished the recording.
Needless to say, fundamental human rights should be respected.
The dispute was finally settled.
I see the point of the argument.
Central to this issue is the problem of modernization.
Don't pussyfoot around the issue; do we have a problem, or don't we?
Why don't you take your time in finishing your paper?
Although the paper was much longer than last year's a few students managed to finish.
The thesis is finished except for the conclusion.
You have to take your time over your thesis.
Have you finished writing your thesis?
It was Socrates who laid the foundation of logic.
They live together in unity.
Kazuko really takes after her sister.
It is said that some British people like a Japanese-style room.
Have you ever eaten Japanese food?
Men in kimonos are no longer a common sight in Tokyo.
Peace talks will begin next week.
The peace talks have been suspended for a while.
The peace talks failed again.
The peace talks failed again, with both sides blaming the other for the failure.
It is rumored that secret peace talks have already begun.
If you want to speak to me, please call me up.
Can we talk in private?
That's too good to be true.
The story wandered.
There was a momentary pause in the talk.
That's not what you said before.
The story was too pat and I got rather suspicious.
His speech had more and more power as it went along.
The speech was so boring that they went away one by one.
It is too good to be true.
Some seldom speak unless spoken to.
Answer at once when spoken to.
Don't talk!
I want to talk to you about something.
As he talked, he got more and more excited.
May I speak to you?
Take down the main points of the speech.
I know from his speech that he is not an American.
Don't be afraid to show yourself through speech and take every opportunity to speak to others in English and soon you will feel right at home in informal conversational situations.
They never talk but they quarrel.
I have tried to compile the ideas that you proposed prior to the meeting, so that we can use them as the base for the discussion.
There was a brief break in the discussion.
Will you make a list of issues to discuss?
We have a lot of ground to cover.
A crowd of people gathered around the speaker.
The speaker couldn't make himself heard.
The speaker brought the truth home to us.
The speaker illustrated the theory with examples.
Some are called good talkers, and others good listeners.
This room is noisy. The sound bounces right off the walls.
I need someone to talk with.
Just looking for someone to talk to.
You're speaking a little too fast for me. Would you speak a little more slowly?
I can tell it's him by the way he speaks.
There are so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.
To speak is one thing and to write is another.
Don't whisper, let alone speak.
Talking is a human ability.
It isn't as if a child learning to talk studies.
Many things are easy to talk about, but difficult to actually carry out.
It is a long story.
The belly is not filled with fair words.
The focus of the talk is put on the content.
To change the subject.
The story begins far in the past.
Let's leave it at that.
A tale never loses in the telling.
The talk dragged on till three o'clock.
We talked about various topics.
The story was so funny that I split my sides.
Please don't cut me off like that.
We talked our time away.
Please raise your hand before you speak.
Don't change the subject.
Let's talk it out.
Will you stop talking?
We enjoy talking.
It wasn't until I heard him speak that I recognized him.
I want a full report though.
Some people are good talkers and others good listeners.
We talked about a variety of topics.
Let's change the subject.
Did you or did you not accept the bribe?
Don't be a backseat driver.
I perspired under the arms.
Please step aside.
Would you mind standing aside?
I have a slight pain in my side.
The surface of a planet is composed mostly of water.
Planets move around a fixed star.
The planets revolve around the sun.
When the frame is finished, the spider fixes lines of silk across it, just like the spokes of a bicycle wheel.
An eagle was soaring high up in the air.
An eagle's wings are more than one meter across.
You cannot make bricks without straw.
The bay has more yachts than sailboats.
The bay is full of boats and people.
Gulf nations are constantly menaced by war.
How do you feel about the Gulf War?
I have an ache in my arm.
A good craftsman takes pride in his work.
The wound in the arm left a scar.
I'll try my hand at cooking.
Stretch your arms straight.
I was not aware of a mosquito biting my arm.
I fractured my arm.
Swing your arm back and forth.
Let go of my arm.
Would you please let go of my arm?
Please let go of my arm. You're hurting me.
Let go of my arm!
Let go of my arm! I can't stand people touching me.
I can't find my watch.
The dog ate a watch and a Japanese fan.
The collection of wristwatches is a hobby.
The watch was not to be found anywhere.
I had an asthma attack.
I can't smell well. I have lost my sense of smell.
I have a good sense of smell.
Smell is one of the five senses.
After being exposed to a large amount of radiation, vomiting and diarrhea will start quickly.
All you do is string together a bunch of farfetched ideas. I can't understand a word of it.
The comet leaves a trail of light behind it as it moves.
I'm afraid my tonsils are swollen.
The more she spurns my love, the more it grows.
The drought led to an insufficiency of food.
The caged tiger lashed its tail.
Some animals will not breed when kept in cages.
I gave him an enema.
Soseki was a contemporary of Ohgai.
I can't stand reptiles.
An eyelid opens wide.
Do you hear the bird singing in the cage?
Count the apples in the basket.
Please see that the birds in the cage get water and food every day.
A burnt child dreads the fire.
I have a rash around my anus.
I think I have tendonitis.
Adversity makes a man wise, not rich.
It's not good to wake a sleeping snake.
A mirage is said to be an illusion.
A bat is not a bird any more than a fish is.
A bat is not a bird, but a mammal.
With her extravagant tastes, she was incapable of making ends meet.
I would like to live in luxury.
The market for luxury goods is growing fast.
And I begged her on my bended knees.
All things die in time.
Before long, the ghost disappeared into a thick fog.
It seems that there will be a storm soon.
A burning meteoroid produces a meteor.
The pheasant would not be shot but for its cries.
Have you ever seen it hail?
People communicate approval by nodding, by clapping their hands, by smiling or laughing.
It has been said that "a sucker's born every minute" and every 'confidence man' knows it.
He's looking good.
NB: Pictures may have become dead links.
"... in other words, sex!?" "Geez, you don't beat around the bush!"
Argument continues about the "White collar exemption" that exempts specific white collar workers from the "8 hours in 1 day, 40 hours a week," working hours fixed by the Labour Standards Act.
"Ah, a raw egg for me!" "Is one enough?" "Yep, if I need more I'll top it up."
"Where have those six got to?" "They've escaped."
"What is your relationship to him?" "I'm his father."
"Eh? Where's Keiko?" "Said she's got a parent and child meeting so she'll be late."
"That's the new head of the student council?" "Cool, isn't he?" "Rather, pretty boy?"
"Just pay up already, I'm saying." "Hand over the money, Yo!"
"My wonderful wife is so stingy that ..." "You boasting? Or complaining?"
"Yes, the bisque-doll-like Erika" "Th-that expression is a little embarrassing, could you stop using it?"
"Er, that 'mixer party' thing is then ..." "Just a normal get together."
Mr. Naruhodo's law firm is "The World's Leading Energy Law Firm".
"Strange isn't it. By the schedule around now we should have all witnessed an UFO, and united in researching." "From 'witnessed' it's never gunna happen."
"I have to pee." "Jonny, that's not the right thing to say. Say, 'Excuse me. I need to go to the toilet.'"
Add "Men" and the goods take off.
"Kai dear! I'm really sad! Having my first experience in this way." "Eh?" "Skip-ping-town."
"'Fox's wedding'." "Er ...?" "Today, with an 81 percent likelihood, it will be clear skies but, depending on location, there will be sun showers."
"Pretty gem, isn't it?" Not knowing if it was a suitable subject or not, but anyway I tried to get her interest that way.
"Kenji's in hospital?" "That's a real pisser..."
"Here ... the sound of the cicadas is different." "Oh my, I'm impressed you noticed. You've got a good sense of pitch!"
"Up to this point has been the official story, which Kirika also knows." "By which you mean there is also an unofficial?"
Use a brief expression of condolence, such as: "On this sad occasion we grieve with you".
"Can you cut it like this, please?" "A little shorter in the front and a little longer on the sides, please."
"This is ..." "Working glove and trowel. One of a gardening club's basic tools"
"Will they be open this early in the morning?" "They'll let me in on sight."
"Oh no! I left my umbrella on the train." "You are a scatterbrain!"
"Right, I'll check your work, OK?" "Please go ahead and inspect. I think I gave it a good go."
"Rock-paper-scissors, OK?" "Rock" "Scis..Paper" "Foul!"
"Oh? Then, as I expected, I've been around longer than you. This year I'm 20-mumble years old." "What does that tell me?"
"That's right. At the least I wish they'd add one to the first floor as well ... Wait a mo! Why are you here!?" "'Why' is obvious isn't it? It's so we can go to the toilet together."
"You're right, certainly you don't seem to have been into it today." "Eh! You can tell that sort of thing?"
"Oh? If you're free get the cleaning done." "What's up with that? Don't order your brother around!"
"What was that person saying?" "He couldn't communicate in Russian at all so I told him off in Russian."
"Is that implying that I go get some sugar in me and then work more?" "Er?" "No, sorry. I'm just sulking a bit."
"Never mind that, what's with that get up ... a swimming suit!?" "That's right. Sexy isn't it? Feeling horny?"
"It is when you overcome that, that a boy becomes something-something" "If you're trying to say something important sounding keep talking right to the end!"
"Do I really have that good a personality?" "Impossible. After all, there's this time as well, but in middle school you sold off girl's pants all over to bring in the money."
"Y-You OK? Not hurt?", I enquire timidly. "Ah, no, I'm fine."
"No, no! That isn't the smiling face we are looking for." It was a 'smirk' either that or a 'sneer'.
To say that it gives the impression of a cheap toy is unfair to cheap toys.
"Say, shall we try a questionnaire with the boarding students?" "Ah! One of those things they call 'marketing research'."
"I was just admiring your roses. They're absolutely gorgeous." "Oh, I'm flattered. Thank you."
Rather - who the heck are you?! Iori enquired of the girl, ignoring my form rolling around on the floor.
"How did it go?" "They said it was acute appendicitis."
"So it's built from stone?" "It's ordinary reinforced concrete."
"What is she saying?" "You don't even know 'norito'?" "Norito?" "It's something like a Shinto spell."
The phrase "make a bee line for" expresses the look of how a bee heads straight for food with speed and energy.
"Did you possibly not notice until just now?" "Er, well ... it was just so beyond my imagination that ..."
I was asked, "You OK, kid?". I replied, "Fine."
"I'm not sleeping. I'm always just skiving off." "That way's even worse!"
"Well he looks odd on the surface ... but he's even odder on the inside." "You're really not helping me there."
"Well, that is, it's not something I can boast of," in fact it's not something I can talk unashamedly about in public.
"Look! Thanks to you I'm getting dumped all the time." "Oh? Isn't it just because of your everyday behaviour?"
"No, not so much. At most comparing sizes, telling dirty stories." "Sizes of what?" "Of 'that'."
Ha-ha-ha-hah! No worry! I brazenly bluffed.
"Mmmmn ... maybe I'll have a hair of the dog." "Whoa, hold up a mo! Here, I cooked roast fish for this morning. You ought to be able to eat this OK."
"Let's meet up outside for a date." "If you've got that much free time come and help unpack!"
"A passionate kiss scene in a school corridor ... I've heard all about it!" "It wasn't passionate! That's an exaggeration..."
"If it's money then I'm not lending any" I said point blank.
"This is the police. Would you mind coming down to the station?" "W-why?" "You can't think it's not a crime to go shooting guns off in the middle of town?!"
"If it's a light workout, OK." "Right, so will we allow crotch-kicking and eyeball crushing?"
In contrast to his "not bad looks but seems a bit of a dandy" appearance, he didn't have a girlfriend and he wasn't particularly fast with the ladies.
"What's the difference between erotic and kinky?" "Erotic is when you use a feather and kinky is when you use a whole chicken."
There are a lot of people who say, "it says this in Koujien," and use that dictionary as the only grounds for their argument.
"Does your back hurt?" "No, not really." "Oh, that's something then, isn't it?"
"It's right after yesterday so ... that is ... do your genitals hurt or ...?" "It still smarts a little but..."
I think to clearly distinguish opinion from fact is important.
"Don't look alike do you?" "That's because we're fraternal twins."
"It's the age of BL!" "Bee el?" "Yup, Boys' Love. Books and such dealing with romance between boys."
"Car" is a synonym of "automobile".
The "subject" is the person or object to carry out the action in the sentence. Transformed to Japanese it would be the part that end in "wa" or "ga".
A "modifier" has, just as it sounds, the role of embellishing sentences.
The "predicate" is that part that shows the action in the sentence. In Japanese it would be the part that ends in "da", "suru", etc.
"Haruki, you ask for a seat at the front as well." "What's wrong, why the look of blatant dislike?"
"Going to the little girl's room" is an euphemistic expression for "going to the toilet."
Don't you know the saying "good manners even between friends?"
The Niagara Falls are famous as a world leading tourist resort.
"Short tempered as ever." He said while dodging Reika's fist.
"You've sprained your ankle and can't walk can you?" "No, I'm fine! I can move forward at a crawl!"
"I'm too old to be playing with bugs", said the boy.
"How are things going?" "Terrific. Income and profit are continuing to rise steadily."
"Prospects for repair?" "Prof. Shubaishen, the leader of the system development team, is presently unwell so we think it will take a while longer ..."
"I'm not angry. Look, see this smiling face?" "That's what they call a forced smile!"
You don't need to bring up "A Winter Sonata" to show that South Korean culture is having an unexpected boom in Japan.
How many strokes does the kanji for "michi" have?
"Talking about 108, that's the number of worldly passions." "What worldly passions have you got then?" "I could say, but it'll get censored out."
It was proposed that the term "blind person" be replaced with the term "visually impaired person".
"You know a kid called Megumi Noda, right?" "Noda?" "Makes weird sounds like 'Hagya', 'Fugi'"
"Kaname, when can you leave?" "It's till closing so it takes till eight."
"Nice person," that's the word girls used to call men to indicate that they aren't possible objects of romantic interest.
It's no good saying 'Isn't it?' to me ... have you double-booked again?
'Don't worry. I'm doing fine. :-) ' "Eh ... smiley-face?"
Well, shall we devote ourselves to study today as well?
There are things I'd like to say but to butt in now would be what they call uncouth.
NOTE: Typo corrected. Thanks for pointing it out.
Just 13 people? That's all?
When converting 1 mole of ice into water, and 1 mole of water into steam, which requires more energy?
Though it's now January, it's warm like early spring.
I'm teaching two courses, year one's "Self-expression for University Students" and year two's "Food Chemistry".
The first low kick was the set-up for this!?
After the second innings, the opposing pitcher recovered too, and it turned into a pitching duel.
So I thought my date, er rather, offline-meeting was going to be just me and her but things aren't that easy.
Please enter a telephone number where you can be contacted during the day, too.
The 48-year-old Ryouichi Kawakatsu took over as coach at Fukuoka in June this year, but his fate is closely linked with that of 46-year-old Matsuda.
The chicks hatched in April have also become 5 months old. Their bodies are about the same size as their parents, about the only difference is that the roosters have smaller crests than their father.
What is 5814 rounded to the nearest thousand?
See the footnote on page 5.
60,000 lucky number request: I got a request to draw an illustration for the site of Beikyu, who hit the lucky number, "Standing By A Little Maple Tree".
By the age of seven, he had already made his own bow and arrows.
Among the divisors of 90, how many numbers are not divisible by 9?
Fold A-7 in half and stick it together.
May be distributed in accordance with the GPL.
We have explained that HTML is, as a basic rule, elements marked up with open and close tags.
Last time I sent out my humble work, the afterword to "left-right", written on the promise that you'd keep it secret from him, this time it's the afterword to that afterword.
Although it's "Mac OS X", that doesn't mean that the Mac OS code itself has been upgraded to a new version.
On Jul 18th Mark/Space released an updated version of Missing Sync for Windows Mobile for the Mac OS X.
What Microsoft is launching is a beta version of its "NetShow streaming server"; it supplies video and audio on demand.
To 'name' we pass the page identifier (Japanese and special characters cannot be used).
ODS super alloy is produced by the mechanical alloy method following powder metallurgy.
OK. I'm just next door so if you can get that assurance let me know.
He was PK'ed, I resurrected him.
'That' has only the two cases, nominative and objective, and it does not inflect depending on the case.
With Windows OS systems 'administrator account' corresponds to 'root'.
E-eh? I somehow seem to feel a very threatening aura...
Ah, sorry. Megumi, could you get me the conditioner?
Oh yes, you're right. Well, it's the way you shop that's tight-fisted then.
Ah, if you can dub it, can I ask for a copy as well?
Ah, well I've bandaged it for the meantime but if that's awkward then it's fine to replace it with a plaster when you get home.
Ah, could we swap our mobile numbers next time?
Ah, could it be you're embarrassed to be called by your first name?
Ah, I reckon you go straight down this prefectural road ...
Yes, a man is as good as his word. But I'll just be helping, you understand. You'll have to work too.
The shopping arcade was covered with lots of paper decorations.
You say po-tah-to I say po-tay-to. Rika is just that sort of girl. There's no way to win a battle of words with her.
He doesn't realise that he's tone deaf.
She never uses paper towels. She is such a tree hugger, you know.
Regardless of the subject, he pretends to know all about it.
With all of his tricks he has mastered, he will be able to deal with any formidable client.
Ahh, silly me, I've messed up again.
I'm a self-supporting student so I can't have that sort of high class thing.
If you sleep on your back it's easier for your upper airway to be obstructed because your tongue, uvula, etc. slip towards the back of your throat.
The Oscar ceremonies are Hollywood's biggest extravaganza.
Apart from his heel, Achilles was invulnerable.
When the scum stops appearing pour the syrup back into a clean bottle and keep it in the fridge.
Use only as directed.
Use acrylic paint.
If you've got time to play around on an acoustic guitar, practice your bass!
I'd like to have a girl the first time. Look, they say 'First a girl, then a boy' don't they?
I had expected an outright refusal, but to my surprise she agreed.
Will Apple's new model notebook be announced on schedule?
If you're placed in a position of authority, it is imperative that you take into consideration that point, if even just a little ...
Er, Sir? What's written on the blackboard isn't an exponential function but a trigonometric one ...
Y'know we're short of money to have fun and ... Well to be blunt, gimme!
You see, Kyohei, this question ... it's about saline solution but ...
That team has nothing but strong players.
That movie's downright dirty.
The way that woman goes on with men shocks me.
That red cloth is a "fukusa"; it is a vital tool used to cleanse the tea equipment.
That village is the enemy's last stronghold.
That daimyo holds a fief yielding 100,000 koku of rice.
And it seems they don't have the slightest intent of coming back so ...
Give him my best regards.
I've ordered a book from Amazon.com.
The Amazon River meanders through northern Brazil.
In American football, a touchdown scores six points.
Just how tiresome was it to argue straight against the phrase "Don't blindly follow America's lead!"
In reports in America, guerrilla resistance by the Iraq military is called terrorism.
Really? You didn't show much interest before. I wonder what's got into you?
Well, it's just like the proverb "fine feathers make a fine bird". You look really good when you wear a suit.
Alkalis neutralize acids.
If you oxidise an alcohol you get an aldehyde but what do you get if you oxidise an aldehyde?
Eh? This tune ... The playlist has looped.
Hello, what's that? Somebody doing street theatre or something?
Down there hurts, down there. Er, what do you call them? Testicles? In any case a male's 'important parts'.
That's a picture of a monkey associated with the Year of the Monkey.
That was as awkward as being seen coming out of a love hotel in the morning.
We used to compile survey results using spreadsheet programs but recently we feel that database software's summing methods are quicker so we use databases to total them.
You're a troublesome person!
As a man, no a human being, you're the pits!
You're really handy, aren't you? Don't you think you'd make a good house-husband?
Idiot, I've forgotten that two-timing bitch.
Obviously a normal woman would lose interest if she saw a book like that!
If those little brats of sisters are good enough I'll make a gift of them to you!
Don't think you'll always be able to placate me with food!
OK, you keep quiet while we're in the store.
Never mind that. After all up till now he's stuffed himself on huge profit selling high brand-name goods of no real worth. From now on he can just try his best at honest trade.
No, please don't concern yourself. I have learnt to do as the Romans when in Rome.
No, it's a national treasure, you see. This is the first time we've seen it as well.
The container may be the best in Japan, but if the contents are third class, then isn't it completely meaningless?
You're right when you say how high the wall is; I was nervous at first, too.
With all that we might have been better off just to have stayed home.
Having once landed the monster immediately jumped again and was over my head.
He was always filthy and looked like he wasn't given enough food.
I always use the steps, but...it's scary how they wobble...so I'd like you to hold them steady.
I'm always writing weird and hoopy stuff so I'm sure it's difficult to comment on.
You can give it back whenever you want to as I bought that book for missionary work.
Oh man! Aki in a china dress was so cute. I almost lost it then.
Not at all, that's perfectly fine. Calling each other by one's given name is a good thing; it produces a feeling of fellowship.
The downside, well, it's how thoroughly work gets mixed up with my private life.
It's getting more and more shadowy, soon it will be twilight.
There's no need to tell on him and mess up their marriage.
Remove the cap from the ink refill bottle, fill the dropper with ink, and drip an appropriate amount onto the marker's core.
In order to live happily and healthily with parakeets or parrots, you should understand the science of animal behavior for domesticated birds, and consider the emotional effect of eventually losing them.
Suspicion that this amounts to insider trading has strengthened.
My internet connection was cut off.
No, Yumi put it in a thermos flask and brought it into the club room.
I wonder how it is when the web server uses cookies?
A brewery we finance has made a new sweet sake and brought some to us asking us to try it.
We'll also have to create a separate smoking section, won't we?
I'm ashamed to tell such a muddled story in this dreary, rainy season, but please bear with me for a while.
If it goes well, I'll put you forward for a drama serial.
So. Having had all that done to him it would be stranger if he wasn't enraged.
Wha? Study, reflexes, all the parameters are MAX! You've even saved money up to the limit ... Amazing.
Yes, it seems it was a misdiagnosis.
An air conditioner is available as an optional extra.
The speed of the spread of AIDS is horrifyingly fast.
Yes, thanks. Recently I've been roughing it so I was able to get a proper sleep for the first time in a while.
Hmm, did we have some breadcrumbs?
How about spending an elegant and blissful time at a beauty salon?
"A-hem!" Alice boasted, puffing up with pride.
He-heh-heh, I'm terrible at sports so if I run a while my sides hurt right away.
Don't race the car. We want to make it go as far as possible.
Oh, Tae, this cheese is a winner!
Hey, it's about time you quit it with the panty jokes. You'll put off the readers, you creeper!
Hey, pops! What are you doing!
Hey, there's no time left till the deadline, you know? Stop hanging around in a daze!
Open source is the engine that drives technological innovation.
The toaster-oven's timer rings. The fragrant smell of well toasted bread.
Heck, with oboe players there are those who, rather than search for a reed that suits them, find it faster to make their own.
Thanks to which I was up nearly all night.
If you don't get the punch line, I'm sorry.
Whoops! There aren't many live coals left! Go make some kindling would you?
Morning. Shall I dish up?
Morning, Haruki. You've got bed hair.
4-speed automatic transmission is available as an option.
Oi you, that's too much of a rip off by anyone's count! 6:4 is more than enough. Of course I'm the '6'.
What you call a 'charm', you know, is what girls wish upon that they may get together with the person they love and such like.
Oh my. However much it's just a P.E. class; if you don't face it in real earnest, then when it comes to a real fight it won't do you any good.
Before meeting your guests, be sure to carefully check that the toilet door locks.
As I don't have the money, it'll just be a short trip.
Hey, is this fish tasty for real? It looks like a black porgy who'd fallen in with mobsters and been put on the country's most wanted list!?
Big brother, you've got a bad fever?! Never mind the bags, rest in the shade of those trees!
Please drive off as soon as your child has left the car.
When the flatterer pipes, then the devil dances.
What the fuck are you up to taking advantage of his proximity to cling to him like a wet T-shirt?!
Grandfather has caught a cold.
Grandfather is quite senile.
The old woman was snugly sitting on a cushion.
I've heard my grandma's stories so often that I'm heartily sick of them.
Tea is like the lubricating oil of work to allow it to proceed smoothly.
I thought that if we lined up benches in the garden as well, we could achieve quite a seating capacity.
Please take a bath.
Needless to say, dealing in rice is a declining industry.
An offering of flowers had been placed at the grave.
Carpets have the effect of a dust pocket, with merit of sucking up dust and stopping it flying around, but you can say that effect backfires.
Karl Marx says, "The history of all hitherto existing societies is the history of class struggles."
According to the guidebook, this is the best restaurant around here.
I explained the situation, as this, that and such and such, but they just nodded along without showing much interest.
You were about to dump her flat out, weren't you?
The snail shot out its horns.
I hear you've done some pretty extreme stuff.
With the colour key program system, all colours are divided into two palettes, the "cool palette" and the "warm palette".
The curry was nothing special.
He made heaps of money by ripping off naive suckers.
He became temporarily deranged.
Karen's skirt is riding up.
Woodpeckers peck tree trunks with their long pointed beaks and eat insects found there.
Someone ploughed into me from behind at an intersection yesterday.
Gyoza stuffing? I made some gyoza at home but, possibly because I didn't have enough dough, I had some of the filling left over.
Strangely, the cash register's total was 777 yen.
Dammit, she completely ignored me.
O-oi!? Don't rip off my precious hair!
Repeatedly slamming the clutch pedal, I somehow managed to get the clutch disengaged so I could just about drive for the time being.
Green peas are high in iron and contain nutrients that improve the colour of fingernails.
Click: Quickly pushing the mouse's left hand side button once.
Kei's very lucky! He has been since his birth.
Bill Gates announces intent to return advertising revenue to the users.
Keiko and Ichiro parted with mutual consent.
'Cuz it's a giant pain in the arse, if I don't wanna do something I just won't do it.
But by leaving the humidifier on all night in the morning condensation's pouring off the windows ...
This rat, up until just now he was my partner and now he's gone and turned on me.
That's because, you see, I've known he isn't that sort of person from a long time back.
In this way a passing boat noticed them, thanks to Takeda's scream, and they survived without incident.
I'm looking for a coat. I'm short so the length should be on the short side, and as refined a design as possible.
I hear that it has quite the reputation with coffee connoisseurs.
Corporate governance and accountability are being strengthened.
This sort of thing, it's buying stuff that's fun. Whether you use it or not is secondary.
The pasta here's pretty good. And the pizza too.
Here we have assembled only athletes who have broken 10 minutes but, as you can see, Hirayama's record is the slowest of the five people.
If you continue with the pointless arguments here...it'll end up as a repeat of yesterday.
If we stop here, we'll be right back where we started!
No dumping rubbish here!
Care over the particulars only has meaning once it gets across to customers.
You've been camping out ever since you came over here? Must have been terrible.
These two have completely different patterning but no difference is seen in their internal morphology so it seems that they are considered the same.
These two scratches stand out so I'd like them repaired.
For the last 30 years, ad agencies would kill for a major tobacco account.
This offer is open for five days.
In the garden, you know. I'd like to put out benches and increase the customer seating. Like this ...
This is a basic factor that can even be said to be the common lot of man, it certainly doesn't apply only to Germans.
This seat, it's real leather, isn't it? It would be a disaster if some slip-up gets it dirtied.
This jacket somehow doesn't go with this skirt.
This product is an intelligent integrated information system.
You may link to this webpage freely.
This type of noun phrase is called a "concealed question".
Accordingly, besides noun declension patterns, there also existed a greater variety of verb conjugation patterns than in Modern English.
Arranging this money order cost $50 in bank fees and commissions.
Why don't we take a drive round the island on this ox carriage?
This block of apartments is a building that takes both the environment and health into consideration. From now on we want to further expand this system and knowhow.
After this, Miki was taken to the hospital.
I can only put this poor checking down to lack of people at work.
The king of this country isn't a person, but a divine beast with three pairs of wings said to be in far away in the sky.
Nowadays parents treat their children more as equals than they used to and the child is given more freedom to make his or her own decisions in life.
This packaging material provides heat insulation.
This sweet potato is only half-baked and is still crunchy.
If you climb up this mountain, you'll reach the lab.
The fun thing about this job is that the technology is continually advancing so it continues to be stimulating.
If you calculate the electric field using this equation, the result comes out like the following.
This car will soon have to go for scrap.
I can't bear to tramp ten miles in this heat.
This shopping district is the only high street in the local area; it stocks the whole line-up from products for daily life to school study equipment.
Place this merchandise slip into the time stamp, and the date and time will be impressed.
This soap is infused with natural fragrances.
The iris deeply associated with the Boys' Festival does not have a beautiful flower.
On this point it is poles apart from when I set myself on learning English 20 years ago.
The good thing about this electronic dictionary is that it's easy to carry.
This stew tastes acrid.
This lady is Masagokan's landlady, Yoko Someha.
Now this is more like it.
This book aims to provide an explanation of modern Japanese grammar that is as systematic and as easily understood as possible.
This problem is an equality of k so we first solve the assigned equation for k.
They were sold as photocopy books in Comic Market 67. We had no problem selling all of them, so we had bound copies made.
Sorry, I've got part-time work from the morning tomorrow.
This is my favourite subject.
With this you can make a clean sweep of leftover breakfast smells and such to make the air clean.
This is a plan that takes into account your stature and your ability to guard. By all means do it for me.
I believe this may be a correction after investigation of his date of birth in the family register.
This isn't my blood. It's all splash-back from my opponent. There isn't a single scratch on me.
This is definitely, 'The good you do for others is good you do yourself'! It's a reward because I was helpful!
I planned to say this later on but in Katahane there is no such thing as a 'bit part'.
If we hang around here any longer, there could be reinforcements coming from the second gate to take us in a pincer movement!
He fell into the cesspool and got covered from head to toe.
Don't sneak out of the concert!
That was the first time I had seen such a serious play so it was a valuable experience.
I had rather never have been born than have seen this day of shame.
The convenience store was overflowing with girls, I didn't have the urge to push my way through them and went home as I was.
Just reading a computer manual is like practicing swimming on dry land.
Thank you for your instruction. It really helped.
Semen is worth bottling.
May his soul rest in peace.
Let's see who can hold out the longest.
In fact, an artist lacking in confidence and fortitude would lose focus after 2 or 3 hours.
Just what you'd expect of a young lady, you certainly weren't left to live as you pleased.
Isn't that just what you'd expect from the prince? He certainly has the character of a truly great man.
Was your difficulty in getting up back then also because you wanted to be chastized I wonder?
You just missed Ami as she went out.
Well then, it becomes a matter of urgent concern to the lurkers of this mailing list whether the guilty party confesses or not.
Well now ... shall we scarper before we're found?
Savlon is a moisturizing skin cream.
If you cut class or something...it wouldn't surprise you if it showed up on your report card, would it?
You just can't let things slip around this nonchalantly smart girl.
Shhh, she'll hear you!
Having said 'domestic wine', anything bottled domestically is deemed to be domestic wine.
However, a suitable level of stress is actually a necessary thing for your body's health.
However, in China, they don't use a word for "human rights," but instead express it as "fundamental rights".
However, when I finally reached the castle I was thrown into this prison by the commander of the imperial guard.
But other things would need to be taken into account as well.
However, it's a pain putting the room in order.
What's more she went and ordered a top up of noodles twice.
Moreover, what's on the bottom of the memo isn't dirt but a ... b-blood seal!?
Moreover, she liked walks so much that even in the middle of winter she would come like this to ask to go out twice a day without fail.
What's more, our first battle is to defeat that dragon!
Having idled jobless for a while I wavered. I'd rushed into handing in my notice but maybe I should have endured it and kept going...
It's been a long while since we had such fine weather.
Jim tends to go too far.
Ta-dah! Well then, Haruta, it's OK to look now! It's everybody's yukata debut.
Then that animosity is being passed on down to us?
Sharapova's shots are very fast but...a fast ball means that it will come back that much faster.
Show business is really glamorous.
Sean really greatly resembles Conner!
The club room returned to quiet. All that could be heard was the sound of pencil on sketchpad.
For things that have had contents with volatile oil like thinners they should be left for a few days to completely evaporate it before being disposed of as non-flammable waste.
Swiss chocolate really melts in your mouth.
I only had to take off my skirt and his pants were soaked with precum.
I broke my leg skiing.
The schedule's fine as long as nothing clashes.
Calm down a little, Kissho, your bumpkin nature is standing out!
The stadium was overflowing with people.
Thanks to Haruna's "weather mode" Kaori's fervour was greatly dampened.
I think there are many who binge eat from stress.
Strontium 90: One of the radioisotopes of strontium; part of radioactive fallout, harmful to human health.
Sorry, I've gone and jumped to conclusions again.
The thread title's wrong.
Puffing and panting we continued to run with renewed vigor.
N-no it's not that ... it's that there could be someone who would need me for what I am, for my true self, I hadn't even thought of that possibility.
Oh, OK. See you. But drive carefully.
That's what they call 'prejudice'! It's wrong to make your mind up on something you've never experienced!
I wonder if that is the sort of thing you should do as a man.
I think that against somebody like that, my seemingly clever techniques would be seen through and then I would be defeated.
I wish you'd quit that sort of super-league stupidity.
Now that you mention it. Yeek, Hideki's habits are rubbing off on me!
That's right. It's written in an unassuming fashion, and it's an ethical standpoint as well.
That way you keep thinking about me but are unable to admit to your feelings, that hot and cold feel is a real boom among young men!
Saying which, I did the opposite.
Now that you mention it, I wasn't involved in the decision-making for the vital part.
I'm expecting a decent catch, so please try your best at fishing for us.
Well the son of that shop's family, seems it's come about that he's to have a shot-gun wedding with a local girl.
They must then go through a landing examination conducted by inspection officers before they can obtain landing permission.
He also brought out one more dubious conclusion.
You worry about yourself. If you put your back out and can't stand we'll go home without you!
The opera was graced with the august presence of the Crown Prince and Princess.
That program is still far from perfect.
For that reason Coco was, to me, 'an older sister I can play with' and I thought of her only as one member of the family not as someone I should question my father concerning her identity.
The theme park was closed down last month.
That building is the tallest in Japan.
That method's OK but if you use the factor theorem here ...
The Japanese people, thinking only of running away in such times, are pathetic.
Even disaster is better than such a divorce between emotion and action.
The canal can accommodate ships as large as 150,000 dead weight tons.
A high degree of specialization is required in that company.
The boughs of the large tree overhung the pond.
As a result, he was diagnosed with insomnia and anxiety neurosis near the end of May.
And after that she, at a pace of three times a week, gets drunk and at those times brings back a different man.
The confusion beggars description.
In that slender body, where does it all go?
Do you suppose I should attach the web page's URL on those occasions?
I had half a mind to throw in the towel.
That girl loved climbing trees.
If she finds out that that uniform was one I bought to get my former girlfriend to be a pretend 'high school girl' ...
Thank you for all you did for me that time.
I hope you will favor me with your guidance at that time.
That soil is rich in humus.
Let's have a gander at this insolent man.
Soba is made of buckwheat flour, and udon and kishimen are made of plain wheat flour.
Well that's because in fiction that sort of fine detail gets skipped.
People who can't do that aren't suited for the top.
Even so, kindergartens are sensitive to seasonal events.
In any case please stop using "pretty" when describing a man.
Besides which that's only if unpacking the luggage proceeds smoothly and is finished by Sunday morning.
In comparison to which she's been in a really good mood recently.
With only that much pension I'm concerned about life in retirement.
That's a misunderstanding, for sure. You're giving me too much credit.
That's what I want to say!
You only imagine you've heard it.
That is a large force with 5,000 soldiers.
That's the fact that avalanches occur after mountain fires.
I'm afraid I can't do that. Leaving the cooker while frying is completely out of the question.
I just roughly allocated it to each function.
The work required to investigate that is boring and wearisome.
It itself that's a cause for celebration but there was one comment that bothers me.
If you're looking that sleepy I think anybody could tell.
It is human nature to be bugged by such things.
I didn't request you to do that.
That sort of flattery will get you nowhere.
Without flinching from that fact in the slightest, Chitose is spending today as well in fine spirit.
I-Is that OK? Calling you by your first name...
Generally once round this river side area is the basic morning course.
Anyway what are you on about? Going around sleeveless in this cold.
Anyhow, just why is it that I have to be sent out in the middle of the night to buy a canned drink?
However, in general, it seems that the Emperors had continued without seeking worldly power.
So, well, it's a bitter decision for the student council to make as well. Give 'em a break.
Therefore I'm giving up for now. I'll still try to check out other possibilities but ... I think hopes are slim.
However he has to take it at fixed intervals, just one day without taking it is swiftly fatal.
If you make too many, we won't be able to sell them all, so don't go wild.
However the air's bad in Tokyo, and there are too many people so I can't settle down.
I'm back! Oh? Have we got a guest?
However, the duty of a student is to study. So if you neglect the end of term test, that's a "no!".
However if you get carried away you'll risk failure so take care!
If so then I want you to do something for me. That will make us even.
You get drunk on just one centimeter? And Kensuke was such a heavy drinker.
You see in this world there are only scoundrels and hypocrites.
"Mister"ing a tick? You're a funny kid.
Isn't it better to get drunk and cut loose once in a while and blow off the tension of daily frustration?
Why not just let fly once in a while?
It is a consolation that no one was killed.
The taxi collided head-on with a dumpster truck and was badly crushed.
Incidentally a motorway ramp is being constructed in the neighbourhood, a few hundred metres away, of my clinic.
Incidentally this room doesn't have anything like an air-conditioner. All it has is a fan.
By the way, this week - no matter what flags are set - it's a certainty that there will be no ecchi scenes. You'll just have to bear with it a while.
By the way, it also works with the wheel of a wheel mouse.
By the way, my English is absolutely hopeless.
I searched at the pub for the person I had met online, but there was nobody who looked like that.
The family is sitting in a happy circle around the dining table.
Chewtarou is Mrs Tanaka's dog.
Just then the two in question arrived at school.
Hey! What are you doing blocking the way?
Come round the corner for coffee.
Let's step out for a short walk.
If you just crouch a little, her crotch can just be seen flicking in and out of sight.
The communist got his dependable supporter at last.
I've finally got the whole set!
Only the other day in a railway accident, without the time to send out a mayday, many people lost their lives.
Sheesh, that Keiko - she's cute or she's hateful, just can't make her out.
Or rather it seems, Kensuke arrived at the studio at the same that I and the other two were still coming.
Or rather, is it not just pathetic that I think such whiny thoughts like this?
Thoughts of being trapped grew stronger.
In other words, he's saying to use the flower vase in place of the urine bottle?
That is, total exhaustion. Body and soul completely knackered.
And so it seems she tried phoning but it's who was on the other end of that phone that was the problem.
Dickens' thoughts come across along with the vivid depiction of old London.
Done! Now I just have to set it to simmer so it doesn't boil before everybody comes.
I also digitized it and made a desktop image.
If you can, get a sketchbook and a 4B pencil. You don't need such expensive art materials yet.
I tried to make it as cheap as possible.
If at all possible, you should go and look into the matter yourself.
The design was also given the finishing touch to have launch impact and dynamism provided by the novelty of the arch shaped logo design.
Let's have a party with members of the tennis club.
However, Vince, on Jen's house's veranda, was naked from the waist up. He might even have been starkers!
There's no but about it!
But on the day of the mock exams, there are no club activities, so that means I can walk back home with Haruka. And I'm grateful for that.
Theremin: The world's first electronic musical instrument, made by Russian physicist Lev Sergeivitch Termen in 1920.
Television turned on, she patrols in front of the CRT. "Hey you, food's up!"
What sort of current affairs appear in the civil service examination?
I don't know what, but I felt in my heart something that gives me the chills.
I'm sure Taeko was scared and tried to get Yuri to go along with her.
If I'm going to have a wedding ceremony, I want it to be the best ever so I have no regrets!
I was expecting it to be a bad book, but damn me if it wasn't quite good after all.
It looks like we've been able to fill in that one year gap and renew our old friendship.
It seems like that she wasn't acting back then; they were her real feelings.
It looks like I must have dozed off.
So? Feeling refreshed, the morning after graduating from virginity?
What happened to this place?! It's completely dead!
No matter how you look at it you're a beautiful, ill-fated woman, the heroine of a tragedy.
By the way, I wonder how much of a hand Hiragawa MP plays in this matter?
Roll up your sleeves and get to work.
Got cancelled at the last minute. 'Deferred to next week'.
It isn't clear which of them wanted that.
No, no! That's not right.
It's a very good company! The president is a real go-getter and the workers all put in their best.
Anyhow, lunch ... is where I wanted to go but I decided to go to the toilet first.
Tom went splashing through the shallows.
Thanks, I hear you've been taking care of my little brat of a brother.
Please simmer the beans for a while over a low heat.
Whatever you need to talk about, if I will do, I'll answer with loving care.
Whatever the reason, forfeiting the trade that we finally got on track is a fiasco.
Did I say something funny? Did I make a joke?
For some reason economic booms have names taken from Japanese mythology given to them.
For some reason it didn't go well, shot down at every attempt, and he led a sad "History of no girlfriend = Age" life.
I wonder why it is that some plants become annuals and others perennials?
This is not to say that Mr. Tanaka did it all on his own.
I had tried to avoid thinking that as much as possible but as soon as I faced it I started to feel miserable.
I had a nagging feeling that the atmosphere resembled somebody and, now that you mention it, yes, you're right. Certainly ZZ TOP had this kind of feel.
You've run into some trouble or something?
I don't quite follow, but it looks like it will prove tricky. Ergh.
Why don't you leg it?
I wonder why he was suddenly dropped from the team half way through.
Somehow you must find a way to finish this work in one month.
You can buy it at newsstands.
You'll have to ask at the newsstand.
New York City has long been unusual because of its sheer size.
Look! That shop's just opened! Why not take a look?
No spoilers, please!
Get out the way ... they'll escape!
There are people who go mad for the nostalgic feel and also those who love originality.
I got really into it, and I just can't forget the exhilaration of becoming one with the audience.
Nordic combined is one of the winter sport events, a competition where you compete on the combination of two Nordic style ski events - cross country skiing and ski jumping.
Huh? Don't be so whiny! And you call yourself a man!
Ahh ... well I was young but what a stupid mistake.
He suggested I go with him to the party.
I concocted an excuse for missing the party.
Here, bro, halfsies.
Yes. This one I can sing from memory.
Please hold your bat by the end of its handle.
There were so few proper members in the badminton club that it was half-way between dead and 'on break'.
Hawai, y'know, has a lot of houses with fireplaces doesn't it? The mornings and evenings over there get cold as well so people who feel the cold light fires.
The bread was baked light and fluffy.
Pandas live in bamboo thickets.
Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall. Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. All the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together again.
Beavers rarely inflict damage on people.
Beer is taxed according to its malt content, so low-malt beer is cheaper.
The hit-and-run driver, accompanied by his father, came and turned himself in the next day.
Possibly because he's got a beard, he looks scary at first glance but he's really a kind man.
What a surprise! The onsen lodge had turned into a fish breeding farm.
How could you? Is our relationship really so cold?
I think Hitler will have an unpleasant afterlife.
It is essential that some kind of compromise be reached between Pyongyang and Washington.
I imagined my first kiss would be more romantic.
I will not say play fair but I would wish that you refrain from indiscreet acts.
If you sum up feminist counselling in a few words, I suppose it would be counselling done from a woman's standpoint.
I swung my leg over the fence.
I snapped the thread on my canine.
As I glanced at the street there was somebody looking down at me in the middle of those walking past each other.
He-heh... there's a tale behind that, for that place.
The way she dizzily moves around is far too dangerous.
General Franks received an honorary knighthood.
Write down what the teacher dictates in the French class.
You just need to reset the breaker. Hurry up!
Who wants to buy a motorcycle with squeaky brakes?
I went looking for pretty shells as a present!
Floppy floppies are already sold out.
The front-roller thrust angle is 2 degrees, probably there were plans to strengthen that angle a little when racing.
Well, excuse me for being an ugly-ass brother.
Pale ale is a low-alcohol beer.
Phppt! That's what you get for laughing at a girl!
Get off me you little pest!
Having been informed that plywood is sufficient I will be making it as taught with plywood.
Helen's words suddenly filled me with new energy.
If the distance you move the pen is too small, the speed too slow, it can't recognize the gestures well and you can't operate it in the way you thought.
The boiler was heavily scaled.
Eat up all your spinach!
Boeing developed a flying boat for the Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Paul is always groping women.
Paul ran his hand through his hair.
Paul has dry hair.
What's up, kiddo?
I don't want to do anything risky.
Don't just stand there like a lump, start taking notes!
Encouraged by the continuing trickle of hits and the rarely arriving email I've somehow kept going till now.
We sped into the narrow track, hardly dropping any speed. "It's a short cut!" "Oi! It's a footpath!!"
Seika came into the room pushing a small cart with a pot and a tea set resting on it.
The way she flips her ponytail will charm you before you realise it.
Hey, Ken'ichi, come along that drain pipe. I'll pull you up.
Look, today was 'sea harvest' so let's go forage for edible plants tomorrow!
You see, when you have just started a relationship you want to be close to each other don't you?
Look at all the mangoes growing on that tree.
We carry out treatments like whitening. We also do tobacco stain removal and other cleaning procedures.
It's a comparison of setting the white balance to "auto" versus presetting it with white copy paper.
Shinobu is really persistent. It seems that I am beaten.
Really - what's up? Where's your go-for-it attitude?
Well, you'll find out that after you cross. If I give too much away right from the start it won't be so interesting.
Well, there's no such thing as being too late to correct one's faults.
Well, broadly speaking that's right.
Well, after all Japan also cut itself off from the world.
Now, please don't get so angry.
My what a narrow waist! Her face is small, she really looks just like a doll!
Certainly she wouldn't have dreamt that I would get up promptly without grumbling.
Good grief! I had no idea you had been placed in such a tight spot.
Don't tell me it was really a demand for money from debt collectors?
That you should be stalking Hanako! You'd been quiet recently so I'd let my guard down.
You haven't fallen in love have you!? I won't have it! Having that man become my brother-in-law; I absolutely hate that!
First, we will present a petition to the mayor and collect signatures.
First off, my area of work is mainly in the lower reaches of the Yourou River.
Starting off, first on the agenda is about this morning's two-in-a-bed ruckus.
It's not yet what you'd call finished but we're starting to get pretty good results.
Also as they are in an intimate relationship they are in a situation where it is easy for them to suffer from violence and difficult for them to bring complaints about that to court.
I haven't decided either way. I want to keep an eye on how things go.
It's still minor league but in the not so distant future they'll be coming to a place near you.
It is very important to be careful not to forget them when you leave.
It's still impossible with the naked eye. With binoculars you might be able to glimpse it....
Don't multi-post, idiot.
Mitsuna is very tidy so she often cleans up without being asked.
Everybody has their own projects on, so after all you are the only suitable candidate.
Guys, I'll do my utmost to back you up. We'll make this event a success no matter what!
I don't intend to flatly reject suicide, but I really wish parents would not make their children join in with them.
Of course there were several hundred boats moving around on the water but not just any old one would do.
You mustn't carelessly believe the maker's motto.
It's just throwing money away to have a yacht you rarely use.
From the menu-bar's "Reply" select "create follow-up message". The message you reply to is quoted.
On the memo was scrawled, "have her practice floating in the water."
Oh, you! If you go around with a face like that, I'll have to demote you back down to 'friend' again.
Enough! I can't get any study done at all!
Could you repeat that?
Hmph, Yayoi's navigation was difficult to follow so we ended up going round and round the same places.
There's a comparatively large cinema complex inside the mall.
Could it be that her prickly attitude is just because she has period pains? No, couldn't be.
If I drop out of contact, let the police know, OK?
Of course he thought it was a joke and let it slide with a "hm?" but he was seriously annoyed. I mean, just don't say things like that even as a joke!
With most things there's both what you see and what's behind it.
I finally got hold of that book I wanted.
When there's a man around, the work that can be done sure increases.
I'll do my best to have nothing left to do!
From humorous to creepy stories, like the last volume, you can enjoy various types of stories.
When I asked afterwards it seems he hadn't said that as a joke.
That it be with the off-the-radar Sue of all people!
Due to unavoidable circumstances this summer I can't stay in my holiday cottage.
The lion is the king of the beasts.
The smell of various foodstuffs drifted up from the lunch box.
The runners rounded the corner into the homestretch.
List data can easily be totalled using the automatic sum function.
With the extra rehearsals, work is really tight.
Please buy a few apples.
Roux is made while cooking flour and butter together.
The world seen through the lace curtain was dark.
The Rangers lead the way.
I had to put back the hotel reservations for Rome by three days.
Russia expresses regret for those lost in the hostage incident.
Perhaps the robin's got a taste for the finer things in life and has become extravagant.
He took a slight hint as the start and found the correct answer.
Because I wasn't looking where I was going, I bumped into him when we passed. It wasn't his fault.
My technique is without flaw.
I dream of a society whose wealth is distributed fairly.
Well then, let's show a little of our real strength shall we?
The Abe Cabinet is a coalition Cabinet where the Liberal Democratic Party and New Komei Party form the government.
The Abe Cabinet is the Cabinet inaugurated on September 26, 2006 by Shinzo Abe, who was appointed as Japan's 90th Prime Minister.
What will we do about getting tables, chairs and such?
No, no. I mean to say that it has originality.
I'm still miles off becoming a doctor.
As you're starting from scratch you might as well have gone for a major makeover...
Just one slip and you'll be mistaken for a troll and flamed.
I guess Ichiko is a fellow rule-breaker, she's sending me a smile filled with affection for a comrade.
All for one, and one for all. That's team play.
With great effort I held his eyelids open with my fingers and dropped in the eye medicine.
Do you intend to throw away in one instant what our family has painstakingly built up?
I was out all day.
Some residents took a wait-and-see attitude while others prepared for heavy flooding.
The landscape of yellow, a mass of sunflowers flourishing beyond measure.
Ichiro sounded somehow upset but my long years of hanging out with him told me that it was out and out fake.
Included in the printed matter category is what is called 'special mailbag printed matter'.
We roast just enough beans for the amount we're going to drink, and grind them in the coffee mill.
In her right hand was gripped a suspicious looking rod that practically radiated "I'm a magical girl item".
The "X" button in the top right shuts the window.
It's raining heavily so the ground is very soggy.
If it's rainy the mountain climbing will be called off.
If not a lie, close to a boast.
You don't get eggplants from a gourd vine.
If I'm lucky enough for the medicine to work I can get to sleep after 1am but if I don't take it then I can't sleep until about 4am.
The lunch she brought to me was as delicious as rumoured.
We're joined by the red string of fate!
In English there are eight main parts of speech: noun, verb, adjective, adverb, pronoun, preposition, conjunction and finally interjection.
Can I extend my stay?
A good neighbour is better than a brother far off.
Have you ever been in a long distance relationship?
Fred was very troubled by his wife's nagging.
Isn't it reacting against that forced on us that is "human"?
Don't be lazy, use the kanji you've been taught.
The princess was wearing too much makeup.
When I woke up, I was in the car.
I'm not getting involved in this.
We'll watch each other and help each other out.
I like this town as it is. Although, there being so many stone stairs is a bit of a pain...
Being seen off by my whole family I shouldered a rucksack, stocked with my trip supplies.
I hurriedly started searching in earnest.
I saw one, a mermaid, when I was a primary schooler. But it wasn't that sort of fairy-tale atmosphere of a story.
I'm what the world calls an idiot.
You must not lack decorum dealing with your benefactors.
Of those on the loud side, some people say they look like they're briskly working, while others say that they're just noisy.
Turn the volume up.
Music preferences vary from person to person.
Halfway back from school I played with a girl who was walking her dog.
I was assailed by the stupid, but unshakeable, idea that if I was imprudent enough to move my hand I'd be noticed.
They'll be attacked if they carelessly express an original viewpoint, so they only report on the safe options.
I'm introducing some pictures I took, dabbling in photography, along with my diary.
Somehow, all those reasons sound rather far fetched.
No matter what I'm going to the beach! Towel and trunks. Insect repellant!
I didn't know what was what. The inside of my head had gone to panic mode and I couldn't get things straight.
I get the feeling I'm being lead round the houses.
Anyhow, having been held in school from morning to evening ... anybody'd be happy on getting released.
What now, you wretch? You thinking of protecting her?
Why do people get fooled by such cheap schemes?
At any rate, that it had ended without serious incident was a small mercy.
For some reason, I don't cope well with those recognized as hardliners.
I kept saying "Let's stop" but she drained cup after cup of wine -- and now, as you can see, she's completely drunk.
Keiko is studying furiously.
At home, because of his reddish hair and freckles, his mother scornfully named him "carrot" and had everybody else call him that.
Another change in family life is the attitude of parents toward children.
If your rent comes in past the fifth, a late charge will be added.
A fault common to scientists is mistakenly believing that every problem has a technical solution.
If you've got the time help out with our relative's work.
It depends on the strength of the flame, the pan used and the type of ingredients.
As the popping sound of the fireworks stopped, it suddenly became quiet around me. The smell of gunpowder somehow put me in a sentimental mood.
Kano, pretending to cry has impact from being used sparingly!
If there are past exam questions then I think it would be best to give them a quick look over.
I slithered down the muddy slope.
We must be a step ahead of the times in our outlook.
To make use of the nursing service provided by nurse-care insurance the necessity of nursing has to be recognized (nurse-care requirement authorization).
The company is operating under joint Sino-Japanese management.
I told my boss over the phone that I would be going straight home without returning to the company.
I got the sack but I've a little saved up, so for the time being I won't be troubled by living expenses.
When I reached the hall right away the person in charge unrelentingly said things like "This painting is certain to increase in value in the future," and I went and signed the contract.
The amount of Sony rechargeable batteries supposed to be collected totalled 7,659,000 units.
Repairing a broken radio I realise over again that I don't have an understanding of the operating principles of circuitry.
Now that I think over it, it's somewhat embarrassing.
Together, the developers may amend this constitution, provided they agree with a 3:1 majority.
It is a literary work confronting the class problem of a consumer society.
How should foreign exchange rates be shown? In the foreign exchange market they are displayed centered on the American dollar.
When foreign citizens land in Japan, they must apply for landing permission at the air or seaports where they arrive.
Foreign rice is hard and tasteless, and doesn't appeal to the Japanese palate.
Cough syrup. If I don't drink a mouthful before going on stage I can't settle down!
Politicians from many countries made pilgrimages to the White House.
The revolutionary government, while raising troops from the masses and fighting a defensive battle, established a republic and executed Louis XVI.
They took advantage of the stock price increase to raise the idea of building a new factory.
I suppose that means that, after all, people taken for a sucker give off a 'sucker aura'.
While on a mountain trip, I was chewing on some hard, stale bread when I happened upon a huge snake.
Throat and nose membranes hurt by dry air allow cold viruses to enter more easily. It is important to carry out sensible counter plans against the cold with heaters and against the dryness with humidifiers.
I'd like the bill, please.
In the patient's body the pulse began beating again.
When drawing kanji be careful of dots and sweeps, write as carefully and quickly as possible.
It was annoying, as the manager took his team to a near-miss in the tournament.
Due to ill-health of the web-manager, loss of motivation and other circumstances I have decided that it is not possible to continue.
When it is appraised, in order to check the authenticity and state of preservation of the painting, the real thing has to be borrowed from its owner.
Get messed up with them and never mind shivs they're probably packing heat.
Taking advantage of the popular boom in Korean drama, workers selling Korean goods have increased.
Don't slobber over my face! A-ha-ha-ha. Stop it!
The key is that Asuka abuses Shinji. So, rarely, Shinji flips and assaults Asuka. Then Asuka is surprisingly meek.
She's basically clumsy so ... I guess she looks up to that sort of thing.
There were framed pictures of a child and a wedding on top of the desk.
Let's break stereotypes!
It's difficult for returnees to blend in with that class.
It was on my mind so much that I unthinkingly asked the pupil in front of me.
I slept drowsily with a good feeling for about 2 hours, while rocked by the train.
Thanks to you getting him badly injured, all of that kid's summer plans came to nothing!
This is an important thing for all of you.
It was an accident that was waiting to happen.
My doubts have been cleared up.
Rhyme and meter form the essential rules of Chinese poetry.
I usually cut loose a bit and drink plenty before a day off work but if my drinks are cut with tochu tea then I get absolutely no hangover.
If you leave your textbooks at school during the break, they'll get confiscated.
The palace was heavily guarded.
I suddenly got a craving to eat some crisp roast chicken skin.
It is important to maintain backward compatibility with software that was written to run on the former system.
Quickly stop the flow of milk, leave to stand for approximately 30 minutes for the milk to solidify.
I was given a hard time by a strange guy at the tavern.
For distances, if 100 meters is said it's exactly 100 meters.
The fish is baked slowly till browned over a not-too-close fire.
Earn money on the races! Know-how collection on horse racing will have you raking it in!
If it's an aggressive strange salesman, then call me right away. I'll chase him off.
You mustn't let the other person notice that you flinched.
He shuddered at the terrible scene.
Such things as the textbook controversy, lack of recognition of historical events, and the prime minister's worshipping at the Yasukuni Shrine have caused discord with China.
High school students who flagrantly smoke in class and the teachers who can't caution them will be punished.
You can study IP related material during work hours when you have time to spare.
Even during work, I secretly indulge my Internet addiction.
The mountainside was ablaze with the autumn colors of the trees.
In recent years, with a method called VLBI that uses quasar observations, and by GPS we have begun to understand the absolute movement of tectonic plates.
One pound troy weighs 12 oz.
If you can't take it, give up and do what I, your older sister, asked of you.
Ayano tutted, making a sour face.
The air was blocked off, extinguishing the fire.
An empty stomach doesn't help on the mental front.
I want my own house, even if it's a shack.
Saying they could not support both a wife and an airplane, the two brothers therefore spent their lives as bachelors.
Keisuke has always studied in this mansion. That style known as 'home schooling', right?
I learned about Keiko's problem from gossip.
Keiko, any buttered toast?
Keiko deftly piles up the cutlery and takes them to the sink.
Even if that's alright with you nobody else will accept it. I'll get shouted at afterwards so...
Don't you always sleep like a log yourself? I can understand your feelings of wanting them to enjoy their meal but don't be in such a rush.
The police are reluctant to pursue criminal charges in medical cases.
The guard's truncheon hit air. Off balance, he regained his posture to see a metal-mesh rubbish bin flying towards him.
After a light swim, I came up from the water and sat down on the poolside.
Almost all of the reviews of the play were favorable.
This certainly isn't a job where you can take it easy.
First, we decide on that which needs to be decided, then we split into two teams.
And to the people whose married life is not going well, let's remember the marriage covenant sworn solemnly before God at the wedding ceremony.
This is about the case of the "seven mysteries". Did you investigate it?
Under the Constitution, the lower chamber's resolutions override those of the upper chamber.
It can hardly be called research... just an amateur's hobby, I'm ashamed to say.
Looking around the boat was already quite far out in the open sea.
Ken'nichi made a pond in the shape of Lake Geneva.
For code type locks that don't need a key there are 'free dial' systems where you can set any number you like and fixed types where the number is set in advance.
When you think about it, it's all Kenny's fault for being so obtuse.
Her cheerful voice responded just like that. Guess I was worrying over nothing...
He gave up under the severe training he faced.
At present the text book issue between the Korean and Japanese governments is developing into a significant problem affecting both countries.
At present a very great number of people are seeking to participate and, depending on circumstances, up to a month ahead is fully booked.
At present "consume all consumable resources" is assigned as the operational meaning of TETRA.
In present day Japan, "alchemy" is only used metaphorically; to refer to improper means of making money by politicians or religious hucksters with no morals or shame.
At this point, I'm unable to comment on that problem.
I'm saying that if the real thing comes to her, Sekka won't have anything to grumble about.
It goes without saying, but the search ended in vain.
You know what it is.
I should not have said that.
Koga, what on earth happened in your youth?
Our connection may be cut on paper but the bonds of old remain as they were.
The consultant, who is under the authority of the Chancellor, gives the committee advice on important questions.
What color is the far right ring on the Olympic flag?
Please let us know your company's thoughts on this matter first.
Notaries are involved in the drawing up of notarial deeds and sealed envelope deeds.
Curious gazes, gazes carrying a bit of murderous intent...it goes without saying that I couldn't be more uncomfortable.
Kojin Kudo is a born poet.
There's a place called Kuchiwa in Hiroshima.
People who are prone to aggression can be dangerous.
Local industry flourished throughout the land in the Edo period thanks to the promotional efforts by each clan.
That makes me disgusted just to think of it.
The thing blocking my path was a stone wall of less than 1 meter's height.
There and back, in total, it looks like being a schedule of about one week.
In high school, I won the Osaka and Kinki championships in cross-country skiing and Nordic combined skiing on countless occasions.
The Takamatuzuka burial mound is located in Nara prefecture, Asukamura.
Because this is such a highly technical subject, I would like to point out in advance the likelihood that some of what I'm about to say may include information that is incorrect.
Whether it's national economics, family economics, or personal economics, it's not something where sloppy accounting is good enough.
Parliamentary activity has become a political tug of war between the ruling and opposition parties over the issue.
There are three cases where people are not able to do English questions; the first is not being able to read fast.
The Department of Homeland Security's primary function is the prevention of terrorist attacks occurring within America and, in the extreme case of an attack happening, holding losses to the smallest possible level and swiftly carrying out restoration.
It is foreseen that, due to the decline in grain production, China will quickly become a world leading grain importing country, overtaking Japan.
At Kuroda Primary School we assemble at a prearranged time and go to school as a group.
A black limo rounded the corner with a squeal of tires.
So it's finally time to pay the piper.
Right now my score in Cooking is about 45 out of 100. Great isn't it? That's not a fail!
It's OK, that doesn't count.
Fred's agitation has now subsided, and he's sleeping peacefully.
I came to know the man who is now my husband through e-mail; from an acquaintanceship started in that odd way before a month had passed we found ourselves resolving to get married.
Was your mock exam score this time within the pass range for your preferred school?
This time I stayed for the first time in a private villa, and it was really quite something.
For some reason it looks to be turning out to be a depressing week.
This wasn't here this morning ... looks like somebody's been fly tipping.
My hair's messed up this morning. At least lend me a hand mirror - it should be shut in the drawer there.
This time, so I don't run out of things to talk about, I'll write a list on the palm of my hand.
Today, looking at this web page, I realized that if these people are idiots then I must be a complete moron.
That guy today, he's being too eccentric - I can't keep up with him.
Today's topic is "the problem of Japanese people abducted by North Korea".
With this, today's activities come to a close.
Today's agenda concerns the re-election of the student council. If anybody wishes to stand as a candidate, please raise your hand.
Today's class continues with inequalities. Like yesterday try to display the domains in x and y.
He used so much inflated language in his speech today I couldn't figure out what he was saying.
Let's make Valentine's Day chocolate today.
We have a kanji dictation test today.
I'm not using my home heater today.
Today's a school day. I'd better make sure not to be late ...
Write up the daily report today!
On the whole, the pomato plants are growing well this year.
Even though we're engaged, she wouldn't let me kiss her.
The race developed into a free-for-all but Shinomiya lapped the group and in the final stage steadily piled on points with good timing to achieve victory.
What a mess...I suppose there's nothing for it but restricting admissions. Handing out numbered tickets or something.
As expectation increases that the dollar will weaken, the foreign exchange market's reaction to US economic indicators has been fairly muted.
In the latest report, it is written that 90% of all the cocaine smuggled in the world is transported by sea, and most of that by speedboat.
At most 10 people can sit round the table.
My wife gave birth prematurely to a 1500-gram baby girl.
My wife loves fish hors d'oeuvre, so it's easier for me to get a kitchen pass for my fishing.
Delivery of the materials took two whole months so it will be late for the 12th of December.
His criminal record is apparently for murder, but he won't start to talk about the details.
In the financial world opposition is apparently increasing against the withdrawal of the proposed bill.
Her old bike squeaked as she rode down the hill.
What that fortuneteller said yesterday is nothing to be concerned about.
I feel smart today, to a degree that is in proportion to the amount of good rest I had yesterday.
The pigs are coming! Let's beat it!
To start with the film crew travelled around the country looking for locations.
Rust is gradually eating into the metal parts.
Mimura Yasuyuki (Konichika LTD, Managing Director) died of heart attack on the third, age 45.
The sun had barely risen at the foot of the mountain when she set out alone up the slope.
After the bushfires, we have independently decided to call off this year's fireworks display.
With a shortage of midwives added to that of obstetricians it has become clear all over again that our country's obstetric care is in an extremely grave situation.
The reduction in obstetricians and gynecologists is a reflection of the decrease in births, thus reducing need for medical care.
Acid soil is neutralised by ash.
Say that work is 8 hours, it feels like the three hour commute time is also work but you don't get any money for it. What a waste.
He got the sack for slacking off at work.
Stop putting off finding a job.
How about using disposable droppers?
In the case of not agreeing to the conditions of the usage consent contract, promptly return the unopened media package to ABC for a full refund.
If it continues to be stimulated the skin's protective function causes thickening and it becomes stiff and hard with pores that stand out.
By using four types of metal, specific frequency resonance is suppressed.
My sister is quick-thinking.
Children should obey their parents.
The children chased after the circus parade.
In spoiling her child, Stella made a rod for her own back in the years that were to follow.
That's me - the coward unable to screw up his courage and find out the truth.
It wasn't as expensive as I expected.
Too many demonstrative pronouns; bluntly, that couldn't be harder to understand.
Select the graft point after imagining how the branches will extend and fruit grow.
I've never stayed out this late walking before!
We left the motorway at junction 11.
It appears that I don't have it in me to have a harem in my charge.
I have included the names and prices of a couple of hotels which are reasonably close to where I live.
From what I've seen of the product so far, it's pretty good.
My kids have their spring break soon.
My husband has two older brothers. (That's right, I'm a third-son's wife)
I waited until the last minute.
I'm not a Muslim and so I have no obligation to observe the fast but as long as I'm living in the same apartment having consideration for such a custom is important.
I was kicked out of high school.
I'm not well enough to take care of others.
I met him last week for the first time in ages.
I dropped out of school when I was in the 7th grade.
I knew I'd broken my wrist the moment I fell.
I like the simplicity of her dress.
I had an intravenous drip in hospital.
In order to return to our era, what should we do?
The publication of the exam results over without incident, for the time being attention is naturally going to focus on the summer break, right?
Before the match, an opening ceremony was held in the Yoyogi stadium.
He gritted his teeth and forced back his growing fear.
It's ludicrous to continue business operations while selling off bit by bit the land on which your business depends.
A fact-finding committee was set up to determine the cause of the incident.
The actions of Coen, directly commanding the cruise at the time of the accident, are of utmost significance.
Rather than coming to resemble each other, it feels like they are birds of a feather.
Transcending time, the insects of ages gone past dance livelily in amber.
There's no time, so ready-made pack OK?
Checking the clock it was exactly 21:00.
When my home had an extension built I only had this room fitted with soundproofing and an internal lock.
The bike screeched to a stop.
When I put 100 yen in and pressed the button to buy a coffee at the vending machine, four cans dropped down all at once!
It's hard to live with the knowledge that you are a failure.
I know it myself.
Do it by yourself.
I'll do it by myself too.
You should know it.
Even I can't endure it.
Even I can't believe that.
Even I was defeated.
You can put into practice the plan you thought up.
Tanabata comes up in manga a lot so I also know it fairly well.
Although the unemployment problem can't be ignored, the environment problem is also very important.
Please write in a way that concretely conveys the question.
Actually that I bring a huge volume of reference material with me is a makeshift way of preventing people from disputing my case.
Actually this will be my fourth question.
Actually if you eat beets your urine may turn a light pink colour.
I, Stallone, am not such as to be scared simply of being the guinea pig for some test.
Distrust of the Social Insurance Agency and the Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare just keeps getting stronger.
The company president's welcome was so long that we were squeezed for time in the second half of the ceremony.
I've apologised, so lay off, OK?
Car? Ah, if you mean that limousine, - I chartered it.
We reached our destination just as I thought the car was going to give up the ghost.
The car was stuck in the mud.
Please don't be cold!
She smiled to smooth things over.
The glass fronted building before you is the rose garden. It's a greenhouse so you will always be able to appreciate the roses.
It's all right to drink, but drink in moderation.
The prime minister directly confronted the challenges of his political opponents.
The mean value of the frequency decreases with increasing amplitude.
Finders keepers.
Hideki, he really hadn't settled in here at all and sulked all the time.
We skimped on the hotel fees and slept outside.
His dress and bearing somehow give an aristocratic feel.
It is wonderful to think of Spring, when the new buds of the persimmon burst forth.
I know you're at an age where sexual desire flourishes and you want to do 'you-know-what' with 'that' but... well, sit down there.
Proceeding from warm-up exercises to leg kick practice without a hitch, the lesson went completely smoothly.
It's simply that I don't really understand what an "oddball" is when said by a Mixi user.
Let's learn the basic tags in order.
The first 'that time of the month' I seem to remember worrying that I was ill, without telling anybody, for two days.
When people are being put into a hypnotic state for the first time I often, after placing them in a very light hypnotic state, wake them and ask them to compare their wakening state to that when hypnotised.
He did well for a beginner.
I think it is all right for beginners to take great pains to avoid using Dr Martin's book.
The ordinary people had their livelihood in farming rice.
I keep a daily record of my business dealings.
The question "Do records of shougi games have copyright?" has been discussed in many places.
Mr Koizumi was elected the new president of Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party.
Mr Koizumi succeeded Mr Mori as prime minister.
Prime Minister Koizumi said, "There are people who say that, because it's unconstitutional, I should not pray at the Yasukuni Shrine".
Even if it's just for a short while fighting alongside us is all I could ask for.
Do a little work! You'll lose some weight.
It's a very dangerous sport, where a slight mistake can lead to serious injury.
Including responses up to 'It bothers me a bit', over 70% of respondents said that they were concerned about their pores and skin texture.
At the least there is nobody who equals Madonna.
Although an increase of unmarried mothers is needed in order to escape the declining birth rate for some reason public opinion in Japan is avoiding this argument.
I am touched by the girl's acute sensitivity.
The boy was expelled from music school when he was 12.
In the post-War period, up until 1975, Emperor Showa prayed at the Yasukuni Shrine a total of 8 times.
The lighting was set up to have the intensity controlled by one knob so you could produce the brightness as you want.
Ami frowned in a very un-amused way as I brushed her off with a laugh.
Please explain in detail.
Location check: The parties involved themselves or their attendants should look over the place for the miai meeting in advance.
As yardsticks to measure the effectiveness of information retrieval there exist those called 'recall ratio' and 'precision ratio'.
Rules in connection with staff selection are set as follows.
You can't go putting your values on people's work!
The dining hall is directly adjacent to the lobby, or rather, from where you are, it's just three steps away?
Dietary fibre is good for losing weight.
I don't know whether she believed me or not but in any case it seems she doesn't automatically dismiss talk of the supernatural.
Also my bedding got dirt on it.
I glared briefly in the referee's direction but he was putting on a calm face while picking his nose. "Dammit, the fight's a fixup!?"
In order to continue to challenge new things, in order to meet new needs, we work day in day out in R&D.
It was advertised as a second edition in the newspapers.
Will newspapers be able to survive?
He opened a newspaper and covered the dead child.
The air is wonderful in the woods.
He sighed deeply and headed to the corridor.
I glare resentfully at the crimson letter, is this the infamous red-paper draft notice?
Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition.
I think a god's name has got to be out. From the moment the kid's named you know he's not going to be able to live up to it!
The fireplace, lacking firewood, flames already starting to lose their vigour.
As a parent I was in a truly pitiable state.
He's got a career guidance meeting. So today it's just me and you.
I can feel not only people's souls, but also the faint spirit held by buildings, walls and such.
Take care to turn off lights in rooms when nobody's in them.
Human beings, whether they realise it or not, continually seek happiness.
Artificial tidelands are being developed on a country-wide basis.
Artificial light is produced by means of electricity.
That there are various conflicts, frictions, within the races of man is a point made clear within this book as well.
There are a lot of people so today we've gone for buffet style.
There's no way I could do something like that in front of people.
At this hint of the violent storm to come we shuddered as one.
Sleep deprivation increases risk of heart attacks.
Maths. Homework's about derivatives, but I really can't seem to cope with it.
A few years ago, on Mother's Day, I gave my stepmother a locket as a present.
Ending up with being called a "measles exporting country" by the rest of the world, something that you could take as insult or truth.
If there's a world-wide all-out nuclear war it's said that there will be a "nuclear winter" all over the planet for several months.
When it comes to Chinese books that are overvalued worldwide I suppose it's Sun Tzu, isn't it?
Come to that the uniform had a bit more starch than that I usually wear, it's a bit uncomfortable.
She looked bored while we were making love.
The high performance and the elegant design of this model have combined to give it a high reputation.
What is political science? From the "political," people will probably first associate it with the political incidents that enliven journalism.
While welcoming the firming up of the present government policy to abandon the proposal of the reform bill to the Diet, at the same time some are worried that Prime Minister Koizumi won't clearly state the bill's withdrawal.
The government asked the SDF for a disaster relief deployment to Okinawa.
The Government seems intent upon silencing an organization which has done so much to raise awareness of the human rights situation in Sudan.
I'd like the government to respond resolutely so as to not end up looking timid.
All the colour went from Shoichi's face.
How is Null expressed as a regular expression?
Him, honest? What a joke!
Truthfully, at that time, I didn't have the first idea about such talk: family links, blood relations or whatever.
Quitting my office job was a leap in the dark.
Tell me the meaning of life.
It's a living being, so of course it shits.
She's pure bred blue-blood you see. Unfortunately that's no sort of put-on but her natural self.
I helped a little binding printouts that the student council will apparently use.
Heaving a great sigh I plunk my bread on the table and flump onto the chair.
The command of communication skills in multiple languages is essential to any company providing goods and services on the world market.
Quiet! Everybody stay where they are, there will now be a possessions check.
She's weak, powerless. A mere human.
I don't know about the past, but now we have faxes and emails.
In the past it was perfectly normal to get the back of a teacher's hand or fist as punishment.
She used to be flat-chested - just when did she get so large?
I bought a red tie.
The baby was splashing in the bathtub.
It's as smooth as a baby's bottom.
I'm very happy that I can take care of the baby.
Perhaps having realized it was impossible to persuade her, Ms. Kurosaki sighed and sat down in her seat.
Snow falls silently and piles up ... on top of me.
I went to Sendai and back without resting.
Taking into account the time I'd just spent napping, I'm really picking up the sense that this time's exam really won't be straight forward.
He's the pest that, on last month's class-help day, escaped leaving me with all the work.
Her conditions for choosing a marriage partner took priority.
Cavities have become rarer in the developed countries and more people will be able to eat with their own teeth throughout their life.
The teacher pokes his nose into everything.
I also wanted to enjoy the break, but thanks to preparation and supplementary lessons for a certain six-man team, I got none!
That was the P-wave just now. The S-wave is coming.
You were always a perfect 'superhuman' to an infuriating extent, and so that 'habit' was actually one of your cute, or rather charming, attributes.
They're buddies from my technical school.
The Kawagoe festival float has the shape of what's called a hoko float. It has three, or four, wheels attached.
War isn't something to be done lightly, also changing the constitution isn't something that should be done because "I just really want to go to war".
He's a classic case that the more ignorant people are the more sure they are that they are correct.
Mr Koizumi is now sure of election.
What was the gross income in the previous calendar year?
They went on the offensive in the first half.
The discount can't be used for all goods or at all restaurants.
After Grandma's sudden death, Grandpa began to age rapidly.
Please don't lean out of the window when we're moving.
It seems like you're unexpectedly eloquent.
If it's a request from you, I'm hardly likely to be able to turn you down flat.
I'd just be able to give up better than if you were taken by some other woman.
Well there aren't any other positions left. After that, all that is left is basic member.
I can't leave this to others. I'm no lifesaver but if I don't help her myself....
Many doctors are using some form of absorbable sutures.
Many women pursue higher education and careers, thus delaying marriage and childbirth.
The opera ain't over till the fat lady sings.
Body temperature rising, pulse rising ... he's in a state of oxygen deficiency.
What if you make yourself ill? An unbalanced diet leads to all kinds of sicknesses.
She smoothly and elegantly poured the water into the glass.
I took the opportunity of retirement to begin studying tea ceremony.
It would be presumptuous to call myself his replacement, but I could offer some guidance.
We spent the entire day in Yoyogi Park.
You stand the axis on the base and then proceed to stack up each part, staggering their position.
Why would a university lecturer of all people end up responsible for a murder?
Two airplanes, one large and one small, were at rest in the hangar.
It'll be fine, you can do it! Trust yourself! You are already a splendid swimmer!
No worries, I'm sure it will be a perfect fit for you!
The flow of evacuation events from occurrence of a large earthquake to the conclusion of emergency counter measures.
Since they didn't tie the knot following a grand love affair, it wasn't a matter of blind love.
The digression is escalating more and more.
I don't even know who has stolen what.
Write a thank-you note when someone goes out of his or her way to help you.
Who are you calling sweet-n-sour?! At the very least I certainly don't remember being sweet!
The diet "wall" that everybody hits.
It's not as if just anybody can write a literary gem.
No one wants to listen to my opinions.
Take a look at this beautiful embroidery made with great effort.
The words covered are steadily increasing, so check frequently.
If it's badly insulated, it won't warm up regardless of how much heating you use.
We measured the electricity used during air cooling in the same way as heating, and compared the old model air conditioner to the energy conservation (2001) model.
The boy splashed about in the tub.
Two male students sharing an umbrella? How strange.
I know! And let me also say that Keiko is a SECOND cousin of mine.
It is necessary to secure financing for local road maintenance.
You, Rikka, are very cute when you're embarrassed.
It was full of spider webs and stuff but there didn't seem to be any other way to go so we firmed up our resolve and went.
Are the Chinese GDP figures a case of the boy crying wolf?
After the break-up with her game partners she started to make trouble for other players.
NB: This was drawn a long time ago so the quality is low.
I can hear the chirping of insects.
The casting came cleanly out of its mold.
With all the kerfuffle since this morning I'd almost forgotten but we've still got the problem of the club members haven't we?
Obviously wash your face, but you must also take care of your appearance before assembling here.
A morning erection: Will it last only until I take a leak?
Snow completely covered the town.
I found something interesting in the town.
Let's put together a pro-soccer team for Nagasaki!
Years of effort came to nothing.
I thought the highest mountain in Tsuyama was Takiyama.
Ow! Yukiko! That hurts! Quit hitting me with your fists!
What is that song called that Mr. Tsuji was singing in the TV show?
When the articles of incorporation are complete it is essential to go to the notary public's office to undertake certification of the articles drawn up.
The thief has to be in here. I'm sure somewhere around is his stronghold so if we can just find that we've got him.
Having scattered the enemy before me and triumphantly returned, this is how they would herald me.
The precision ratio is an index that indicates how many articles meet the search criteria out of all of the articles retrieved.
It's a classic commuter town, even during the day there are few people around.
I read about how to make tempura in a book.
It doesn't become a gentleman to fuss over trifles.
Miss Tanaka! You are living with gentlemen house mates! Please refrain from being pantless!
I'm patching things up for your mistake so it's only natural that I get a reward appropriate to my labours.
Mrs Tanaka's characteristic curly hair was sticking up behind her ear.
The dismissal of foreign minister Tanaka is symbolic of the continuing political turmoil.
The party leader rattled on at great length about future policies.
Mailing complete. I leave the rest to you, postman!
Our company is a small but elect venture business that assists in entry and totalling of questionnaires.
Why of course, that's what the "surprise" means.
When it sets off the bell rings, "ding-ding". Thus 'ding-ding-train'.
We've got several more of the same kind of articles.
A mailbag from a single sender addressed to one recipient, as the name suggests, is for delivering a bag of printed matter.
My contemporaries are, working, shopping, out and about, all the time.
On the same day, Apollo 11 succeeded in landing on the moon's surface.
The coalition force fired at her car at the checkpoint in Bagdad.
Another event that has the same behaviour would also be fine.
The path zigzagged up the steep slope.
In particular, it is customary for actual examples of use of the harmonic mean to generally cover "average speed," and explain no further than that.
It was a rush job so it might not be a good fit.
This is out of the blue, but has everybody once felt 'looked down upon by young folk'?
You may not set up a roadside stall without prior notice.
On cloudy days, you can hear distant sounds better than in clear weather.
I also need to get people to understand the real me! My forceful behaviour is one way I try to do this!
I use the subject line to determine the contents so please fill it in.
Heat sesame oil in the pan on a medium flame, add the chicken meat, the garlic and fry, when the colour changes pour in the Chinese soup, add the Chinese cabbage and boil.
Using a doubled-up cushion in place of a pillow I lie down on the hard wooden floor with nothing but a carpet spread over it.
They don't get along together.
The two roads cross there.
The 'gold' yearned for by the Japanese synchronized swimming world was not quite reached.
In Japan there are a lot of translations from English to Japanese (E-J) and from Japanese to English (E-J), there isn't much real demand for J-S and S-J.
Japan is on the 135th meridian East.
Japan follows the principle of first-to-file.
The Japanese economy is going through a period of great stress.
I passed the second level of the Japanese language examination.
It would be great if there was a Japanese edition.
Word processors for use with Japanese include Microsoft Word and JustSystem's Ichitaro.
Japanese cars are right hand drive.
As you can also tell from these beautiful, far from Japanese, looks, Yuna is not pure-blood Japanese. She's a quarter-blood with a westerner as grandmother.
I shall be introducing the street paper that is only sold by the homeless, "The Big Issue", started in England and has had its first Japanese issue.
Where in all Japan is there a school that has 'advance at the crawl' in P.E.?!
When her cat died, Diana went to pieces.
Behind thermodynamics lie the movements of atoms and molecules following the laws of motion learned in the first volume.
As a general rule, the pension amount is based on price changes in the previous year.
There are abilities that improve rapidly and those that improve slowly, aren't there?
Sheep and horses are set out to pasture, there are sheepdogs too. How about giving it a visit once?
Syphilis is an infection that can be transmitted through sexual intercourse.
I put the shopping bag on the table with a thud.
Hirofumi installed fibreglass insulation in the ceiling.
To the white glass, I added glass of various colours, producing a pretty feel.
Far from irritating my skin it was better than before I used it.
He combed back his hair.
If you go around the Internet, using half-width katakana in various places, eventually you're going to end up pissing off a lot of people.
I heard that he'd died.
The single-minded way he gets on with his life is truly admirable.
For him it may be possible, but I'd never pass the test.
It is no exaggeration to say that, as far as he was concerned, his wife was life itself to him.
His beating four competitors in a row won our high school team the championship.
He has a perfect swing.
His flawlessly ordered life collapsed when his drug-addict brothers appeared.
In contrast to his frightening looks, his voice was kind and calm.
A trickle of blood ran down his neck.
His success is attributed more to hard work than to genius.
Are you aware of anything concerning his past life?
His cooking is of the classic French style that he studied in France.
He's good at this sort of thing.
He is probably angling for an invitation.
He shouted at the top of his voice, "This is a battle we cannot lose."
He had been a practitioner of Aikido for seven years.
He had a shutout until the ninth inning.
He caught the nine o'clock shuttle to New York.
He was waylaid by a band of guerrillas.
He walked on appearing to disregard the prostitute.
He may well just say something ambiguous again.
He threw up just as much as he had drunk.
He swept his brush across the canvas.
He shouldered the swing door open.
He is a right person who can drive a hard bargain.
He's a comedian.
He fell prey to an impulse to steal.
He is singing with a lot of ornamentation.
He is carrying a parcel under his right arm.
He's a drinker, so wine would probably be good for a souvenir.
He did a cartwheel.
As if fleeing, he left the vegetable aisle to go to the meat corner.
He is a handsome man.
Disguising himself as a peasant, he crept into the castle town.
Fighting the fading light he continued to count their names.
Alright! Listen up and listen well!
He has guts.
He resolved to embark on a once-in-a-lifetime enterprise.
Their shoulders are strong no matter what stance they are in so they can throw back to the pitcher well.
As a disinterested third-party, I can declare that she secretly loves him.
Thanks to the arrangements made by Ken'ichi, the women found various places to work around town.
His encounter with her is enriching his inner life.
I guess she's into bondage and domination.
Bit of a worry with the way she dotes on her brother, isn't it?
Her kimono and obi combination is smart, isn't it?
After seeing her provocative body, he became obsessed with her.
Her bewitching body made her very popular with men.
Giggling with embarrassment, she held out the condom.
She lived at 56 Russell Square.
She shouted and threatened a policeman by brandishing a knife.
She is good at speaking English, no less so than her brother.
While she was screaming, she brandished the knife.
She coaxed and wheedled her unwilling child into going to the dentist with her.
She bitterly regretted having said something that displeased her mother-in-law.
She's your wife? There's more to you than meets the eye.
She keeps moaning that she has no time.
She fell in love with him.
Instead of leaving it to others, take responsibility yourself.
Despite the problems of excessive commercialization, etc. the Olympics will go forward into the new century.
The defendant was about to stand trial when he grabbed the deputy's gun and shot the judge.
The princess begged forgiveness from the emperor.
It wasn't a 100 yen coin, it was a bottle cap.
Could you tell me how to refer to the podium for an awards ceremony? The "winner's stand"?
I'm aware that you failed.
I'm not much good at anything, but please be kind to me.
Those who send in old junk they don't use anymore will, without exception, receive a present.
Just where have you been loitering around without your attendants?
Let's use our experiences to nurture the sense needed to make marital relations go well.
It took all night to climb Mt Fuji.
He's got a dual personality - usually a quiet "nice guy" type, but when he flips, his character changes.
A typical nurse will do such things as helping with a urinal bottle, and shaving in preparation for surgery!
Usually the id and name attributes have the same value applied. (N.B. Not because it matters if they differ but just as a matter of convenience.)
That was probably just before Mai took the drastic step of leaving home.
A little bird told me.
I'm a thief, I'll go back when I've taken the stuff. Report me and I'll stab you.
I know. I've thought about how to pace myself.
When writing a sentence, generally you start with a capital letter and finish with a period (.), an exclamation mark (!), or a question mark (?).
Once the complaining starts, it never ends.
In America 'rebate' is widely recognized, generally as an incentive where makers give back directly to consumers.
In regard to the internship system in the United States I availed myself of part of Miyumi Tanaka's work "Making doctors in Harvard" (Igaku-Shoin Ltd.) as a reference.
He plastered the wall with posters.
It's not as if an emissary from outer space will have slipped into school uniform and be loitering around seeking a partner.
When attaching a polarizing plate, set it first and then attach a protective plate (a clear acrylic plate).
What Alice, waiting for a reply, was faced with was a sudden howl. It was a resounding noise, sharp as to burst her ear drums, loud as to reach unto the heavens.
If you piss on the toilet seat, wipe it off!
Will you pay off the damages in full on the dot?
Yasunori leaned into the armrest and looked in bemusement at the breakfast laid before him.
When inserting the budwood into the root stock make the cambium layer overlap.
If I tell my mother, she'll worry, so I don't think I'll tell her.
Mom sighed, and tousled the hair of her son's head.
It's a guest room equipped with soundproofing with an emphasis on privacy.
Only my seat is cut off from that bustle.
I'm a high school graduate so I am that much able to answer high school problems and such.
Reproduction or appropriation of HTML, images and photographs from within this site is prohibited.
The shirt she apparently seriously thought suited me I turned down and decided to accept a light blue polo shirt.
Thank goodness it didn't worsen. But please don't push yourself yet.
Today, after riding, while grooming the horse I carelessly got my right foot trod on.
Today is our regular closing day.
Pitching camp on sand banks that go under at high tide is a truly stupid thing to do.
They seem a little past their peak, but even so we enjoyed the beautiful cherry blossoms.
My heart pounded at the future excitement.
Taeko, come on from stage left.
We plan to elicit opinions from the public.
Man can't live without dreams.
How about tomorrow?
Tomorrow, I've got an important mission first thing in the morning. I shouldn't be wasting my time with this.
Tomorrow night, I am going to Narita airport.
Even while I was dithering it's like I was being backed further and further into a corner.
If your licence exceeds its validity period then you can be issued with a new licence in the following way.
The object is that which in Japanese would generally be indicated with "ni" or "o".
It stopped short at a result far from the 10% taken as the target.
Our aim is that, when planning classes, we know how to select stimulating material for the students and how to put it into use.
If you break your promise we're through, right?
The question of worshipping at the Yasukuni Shrine is left to the independent judgement of Cabinet ministers.
The box was crushed during transport and the contents flew out.
Yukiko is an innocent girl of tender years.
Yumiko has a push-up bra.
Yuriko thoroughly enjoyed her occasional secret meetings with her lover.
I'm very lucky to have been gifted with this 10,000 hit picture! Thank you so very much.
The Ariake Sea is one of the biggest tidelands in Japan.
Have you decided where you're going to go to study abroad?
In the evening I went out on safari again, at night I fell asleep hearing the grunting of the hippos.
Just to warn you in advance, today's blog is no fun.
Looks, brains, reflexes, rich family and, for good measure, vice president of the student committee - in other words he's 'perfect'.
It looks well prepared but you see there'll be a slip somewhere.
On the way we dropped in at the shops and bought foodstuffs. They say well prepared means no worries.
Next Monday and Tuesday are consecutive holidays.
I'm begging you, could you stop treating me like a pet?
Please enjoy a calm time in a relaxed atmosphere beauty salon.
They say it's on the wane, but it's still got something hasn't it?
During the orgy Megumi ran naked round the lawn.
Rina is in the home economics club. Her main activity is dressmaking.
He was a man who was the very picture of her ideals.
Explain exactly what the reasons are.
There are wheels within wheels.
I left part of the meal uneaten.
A love story that unfolds between an unlikely pair, a public prosecutor from a good family and a modern high school girl.
From an ethical point of view, the great principle of technology is "responsibility to the present" but the new way of thinking, "responsibility to the future" has emerged.
What I want from Mr Hayashi is the effort required for his actions to live up to his words.
Bamboo stands out in the woods.
The neighbor popped his head up over the wall for a moment.
Correct it, as in example 1.2.
I'll try giving the book "Reiko's Recommended" a quick skim read on the spot.
Spirits are to be found all over the world. This school was built upon the site of a shrine and thus there is a particular tendency for them to gather.
Surpassing labour intensive, capital intensive, the age has shifted greatly to knowledge intensive.
Don't grow old, grow wise!
Deaf people can converse in sign language.
Theses! ... What I write are just my ramblings, they're just something like essays.
Have my eyes also started to fail?
Ryoko has a cute little face.
I think it might be useful if you could add how to output the diphthongs (with small ya/yu/yo) and geminate consonants (with small tsu).
Nothing whatever is known of him.
That's a stylish hat you are wearing.
He opens his eyes so widely they tear at the corners.
It could be a trap; don't let your guard down.
Please beware of fraudulent emails.
I added Newspaper article frequency data to the 'Kanji list' function.
You're pretty good with the lay of the land.
After climbing Mt. Fuji, I got the inspiration for a poem.
Is this bread's best-by OK?
"Let me get a sample," and she transferred part to a petri dish.
Well now. Are those words to be trusted I wonder?
I sprang out of bed.
By 'Torii' you mean that red objet d'art at the top of the steps?
In short some guns have excellent security systems to prevent accidental firing (e.g. when dropped), others don't.
The third in the series was a level above the rest.
"With no picks how did you break in?" "The toilet window was open."
"I haven't got the time to keep up with you." "That's rather depressing."
It was just a simple greeting, but somehow I got strangely tense.
We finally arrived at the ski hill... the snow had turned into rain.
We introduce you to the entire line up of songs that made it into The Best Ten.
In fact, I've heard that long hair is more likely to go bald!
I'm taking care of it. You can relax, you can rely on me.
Well, we're neighbours. I'll be popping over all the time.
That's no good! You're tall so you've got to be in the forward defence.
Where did you come up with the idea that I'm familiar with robotics and such I wonder?
A 'commuting wife' is just what the name says, it's a form of marriage where the wife travels to her husband's side.
Jigsaw refers to a fret saw - that's how the name's origin was derived.
Just because it's a "safe day" I'm not going to make out like monkeys without protection. Isn't it the duty of loving sex to take proper care of contraception?
Now there are charms and talismans for your pet that you can have blessed.
Newly weds but with a child? Yes, that's right - the son is from the father's former marriage. He's been divorced once.
You mean you're short on fuck-buddies?
Are you OK for drinking water in an emergency?
The UFO, with a zigzag movement you couldn't think of as being a plane, flew off into the mountains in the east.
By the way, Ren. Should I take your hand? Every year you wander off.
Why don't you try out getting a new Windows Media Player skin and changing the player's look?
In Japan it's generally thought that Germany's water supply isn't suitable for drinking, but this is a mistake.
"Didn't you get married!?" "Oh, we split up. We broke our engagement."
That's pitiful ... don't put on such a death-bed voice from just a body slam.
I also brought some gruel I made. It just needs warming up.
I'll feed it to you so ... here, open wide.
Conversations with the management, reports and such should be very freely interpreted into normal language.
The streets are in full Christmas mode - it's almost Christmas Eve.
Amazing! This moving a story is a first for me! It's truly an epic among epics!
I've already had the entrance ceremony. It's a university alongside the same railway line.
It seems like it will take me a while to get accustomed to life here.
Groaning strangely she is hurling her overflowing passion onto the canvas!
Taking care of the excretory needs of a patient you've just met is a very demanding job.
No dirty jokes!
What, you having bread again? I see you're still leading the same thrilling dietary life as ever.
"What's up? Fidgeting around in front of the house." "Um ... I was waiting for you to come back."
Just how well can masks block the, even smaller than pollen, yellow sand dust? I think it much more of a nuisance than pollen.
By evening, a few clouds had formed.
"Asami was bawling that you had kissed Sanada so" "I didn't bawl!"
"'Yuki', so you do put your own name in." "Yup, isn't that roleplaying's essence?"
It's very easy to drink potato shochu now that the potato-like smell has been reduced to a low level through use of the latest biotechnology.
We're going to buy underwear. You're still not wearing underpants, are you?
The stopcock's turned off.
Well, for the practical problem, in the midst of those rumours flying around I'm surprised they've been able to keep that club running.
I'm sure it's tough taking part in the activities of two clubs, but good luck!
In the darkness, I frantically reach out towards the receding figure.
Don't go back to sleep!
"Situation report." "At present 4 in sight. At most probably 7. Holding small calibre arms."
"Remember here?" "It's where we gathered for going to school in groups."
When I use contacts, my eyes feel dry and become red.
We're what they colloquially call a single mother family. I haven't seen my father's face.
Lightly weigh the tofu down, leave it for about 20 minutes then drain.
You're late! Sheesh, dilly-dally dilly-dally ...
I started to think I had behaved foolishly.
OK, this next! The combination of this and this might be way sexy!
Guys that handsome are few and far between.
There aren't many blokes that nice!
Does the applicant have suitable abilities to carry out the job?
"Well, even so my score is far above yours isn't it?" "What did you say!? If I was to go all out you'd be as nothing to me!"
The enemy behind us presently exists solely to cut off our retreat.
We drop off our luggage in a small prefab hut and promptly start preparations.
... Aaah, just how am I supposed to cope with this I wonder?
Since my brother died suddenly two years ago, my sister-in-law has valiantly kept going the small jewellery store he left her.
Hit up on the D-pad, and the background music will change as the background itself becomes the Demon King's castle....
I'd defeated the four sub-bosses and got through the damn long underground labyrinth.
Shurrup! Don't make such a fuss over a little headache. I'm flat out of magical power - this is all your fault!
"Ah, this is my idiot son Takashi" "Eh-er, yes. (The late) Takashi, right?" "Fuusy, he isn't dead yet! Probably."
This, appearing at first glance to be perfectly obvious, is actually very difficult.
Not wanting to boast but I've never got better than a 3 on my report card for home economics. Out of 10 that is.
A-ha-ha ... sorry. I forgot my contacts, Unless I'm right here I can't see it.
However often I phone I can't get through.
Haru's always been like that; he's very kind at heart.
If I'm to become a regular, I have to work twice as hard as the rest.
Beware of 'One Ring' malicious nuisance calls!!
3. If you do phone then hang up immediately, without following any instructions given.
Even making an international phone call from a mobile, if it's Mobila then you can do it for 20 Yen per minute.
That was another impressive fall-flat-on-your-face ... Hey, you alright, Sophie? Can you stand?
That's not what I meant. I'm not being sexist. Men and women are just different.
The other day when I stopped by at a friend's house, it wasn't my friend that came out of the front door, but her husband.
I've set the stage so now you just have to show some guts, OK?
"That's dangerous, I'll clear it up." "It's OK ... Ouch!" "Look, didn't I tell you so?"
If you're with me as a staff officer then I need you to bring a sense of danger with you to your work.
You're considerate, but don't you think you should work a little more at understanding the subtleties of the human mind?
The girl was carrying several books, not textbooks but thick hardback books.
I want you to somehow resolve the situation as promptly and avoiding to cause trouble for my sister and those around us as much as possible.
The website's tagline has to let people know what that business does and how it differs from the competition.
It's the class bell. The pupils that had been around the school gate quickened their steps as one.
"Is that some sort of uniform?" "Oh right, it's because I play field hockey."
As the lesson comes to an end, even if the teacher doesn't say a word of "be quiet", "sit down!," the children naturally return to their seats and quieten down.
The woman dental hygienist said to me, lying down in the chair, "Right, please open your mouth."
Up till now America has called itself the world's police and continued suppression relying on military force.
"Good morning. You're a bit late today, aren't you?" "Yes, I ran into a bit of trouble."
It's no joke! It's really a pain, you see.
"By the way, do you know what a Shinto shrine is?" "I've a little bit of knowledge on the subject. It's a religious facility where that which is the object of worship, that called the genius loci, is enshrined."
Yes. I'm pretty sure there are complimentary tickets that haven't been used somewhere.
Not to be taken lightly, local amusement parks. Couples, families, as far as can be seen people, people, people.
A creepy cry that sounds like a human voice, velvet black wings, the image of tearing into dead flesh; crows are known across the world as an ill-omened bird that flies down with ill-luck.
Hey, Cleo. Don't wander around too much, OK? We've only just entered the park.
Despite having lazed around without having touched my work I'm frightened at heart that "Ooh-er, this time I might really not get done in time!?"
Light source, that is what direction the light is facing, also take care with shadowing. Just copy down into the sketch book you have at hand as accurately as possible.
There were figures there from those of an age best called girls and boys to those who looked to be old enough to be about to live out their life span.
To keep holding the barrier up is just to wait for death! So we're going to go out past the wall and counter attack the enemy, you ready!?
The girl, her eyes shining brightly from that single hint, makes her cute cat-motif automatic pencil run across her notebook.
A certain movie was novelized - rather it was a scenario written for a movie that was expanded as a novel and localized to Japanese.
About the same time as he entered the classroom and arrived at his seat, the chime to announce class rings across the school.
That's because they're the classic places for 'something' to appear. Like the grand piano that plays by itself, the human anatomical model that moves by itself ...
Businesses perceive as competitors a narrow range of the business world; there are many cases where they don't understand their real rivals.
If your ability to accomplish a job does not exceed the peak (hump), on the difficulty scale for one job (project), then no matter how long you wait it will not be solved.
"I might like to know about your relations with men." "Relations with men?" "Things like who you get on well with, who you've dated and such."
There were long desks lined up, several pipe chairs, and stuck on the bulletin board were a calendar and several printouts.
"Did I really sigh?" "While giving out an aura of unhappiness."
Shall we go with cornflakes or something light from tomorrow?
It's only manners to tackle all out a game that they have gone all out in creating. Pressing the pause button is just rude!
I had imagined that the newbies fresh from university would probably be stuck with all the backstage work - collecting reference material, getting copies and such but I couldn't have been proved more wrong.
It's obvious but the connection between people is "words". It is by those words that thoughts are shared and arguments carried out.
It's just if we have it every day we're bound to get fed up with it. I must increase the variety of my cooking.
"Well, it's hot again today, isn't it?" "That's one more time you've started with a bland topic."
The other day, a water quality inspection was carried out at our house. We had it done by a certain famous company's Environment Analysis Center or some such name.
Then what is this I wonder? If it isn't dodgy door-to-door sales then could it be a new kind of pickup technique for the ladies?
It was to say that going to the station was too much of a bother after all so I should come to the hotel she's staying at. Good grief, what a selfish woman!
"Ah ... I'm just not feeling so well" "Really? Are you OK?" "Heh-heh. Actually I'm playing hooky."
The exchange unfolding in front of my eyes had not a single millimetre of a gap in which for me to slip.
There is a matter that we would like to discuss urgently regarding club activities, so please come to the staff room.
In addition to the general curriculum there are tutorials in the essentials of machinery, training is also carried out for skills in and learning how to use the various types of machinery.
I have to wrap my sister's dinner in clingfilm.
What on earth spurred them to such an action?
I think that as long as I don't overeat, I will certainly lose weight.
If you skip breakfast and keep lunch light, then in the evening you can have whatever you want.
A gift of cheesecake is apparently good to soothe discord.
We are now going to move to the crematorium so if Mr. Ogawa and you would enter the car ...
Ha-ha, you always stretch when class is over don't you?
Truthfully, if I'd said I didn't have any regrets over my snap decision I'd have been lying.
It's said to be a girls' high school characterised by its quiet and traditional feel and a chic, high-class uniform.
The days after that flew past.
The first thing that came to my attention was the large sofa. It was covered in sober coloured leather, the seat and the back both looked wide and comfortable.
There isn't anybody in front of the main gate yet.
I am still clumsy catching batons thrown high up.
With a pitter-patter of footsteps she runs off to the entrance.
Microfibre cloth is cloth woven from fibres as narrow as a hundredth of the width of a hair.
It was I who found her. She'd lost consciousness so I carried her to the infirmary.
She has a boyfriend she's been going out with since high school but feels their relationship has become a matter of habit and is increasingly dissatisfied.
Get a move on!
Let's have a contest. The side to come up with the worst insult wins.
Dammit, that pest Nagisa, she really went and snitched on me to the teachers.
"Ryu, I can't seeee!" "Naturally, that's because I'm covering your eyes."
"Isn't it about time you tried photographing people or something?" "Eh? Snapshots? I don't know ..."
With that sort of attitude you'll never get past the honourable-mention prizes.
First thing today there's an appointment for a portrait ... what do you say? Will you try doing it as a test?
I quietly take out my camera, so as not to be noticed by my photographic subject, and peek through the finder.
There's no way one that big is going to go on a bike's luggage rest.
Please do your model building at home! The room's full of the smell of lacquer.
As we entered the shopping district Haruna's gaze darted about, just like she was a rustic from the hills, as she looked over the area.
The servants gathered there totalled ... n-nearly one hundred!
"You mustn't be late, OK?" "But if the teacher's late too it doesn't count, right?"
What? You can't do it? You coward! Chicken!
Come on, get walking!
OK, here's the donation ... 10 yen each. Here you go, Mihane.
Last week I was treated to dinner by my friend who'd won at pachinko. It was all-you-can-eat so I ate to my heart's content.
"What is this? An offering?" "That's right. Put it in this offertory box ... and pull this rope."
Well then I'll allow two on a bike, but you pedal, because I'll ride on the rack.
"What're you doing?" "The household books. Our finances are pretty tight so we have to do things properly."
To apply further analysis to documents and files matching the keywords and find the hidden truth is "knowledge".
This autumn I am, unusually, watching many drama series.
"Buy a lottery ticket or something?" "Well, I don't think I've got much luck with gambling."
Essentially it's a one-to-one match, but the content of that match is a level so high as to be unthinkable to an ordinary person.
We're in a slump, barely scraping by, so we certainly don't have the margin to take on a part-time worker.
I'm not going to the library, but I can take you as far as the station.
Paul, we can borrow up to 8 books.
How late can I ring?
Bing-bong ... bing-bong ... "Oh-oh. The class bell!"
Just look! The potatoes are all rolling out! You're a real dullard aren't you?
For my multi-talented sister, able do anything with ease, it seems that my commonplace self is something whose existence she finds very hard to forgive.
"Hey! It's dangerous to run here." "Eh? ... A-a-Aaah!!" "Oh dear, what did I tell you?"
I don't expect him to understand my innermost thoughts but I wonder what I can do to get him to hold an interest.
Even walking till my legs turned to lead I couldn't find one that I liked.
What! You going to take her side again!?
"That's an unusual hobby she's got, the transfer student." "She's cute so it's fine with me."
I sit down crosslegged where Aoi points.
You're a waste of breath!
Crutches are pretty tricky ... "Excuse me, stretcher coming through!"
Don't dodge the issue, I want you to answer my question.
Oh no! I'm late again!! I'm going to get the nickname 'King of Late arrival'.
One month since entering high school ... not a single friend yet. That's really terrible, at this rate it will be middle-school all over again!!
It's geared pretty much towards real fighting isn't it? Apart from the eyes, crotch, and attacks against fallen opponents just about anything goes ...
However not attacking your partner in sparring is not a kindness!
The act known as terrorism, that rips away from us in an instant our peaceful days of happiness, is certainly worthy of being called an enemy to all mankind.
They also teach that, for great sins, they cannot receive forgiveness unless they confess to their leader.
You're Daisho? Up till now you've really lorded it over us haven't you?
Quit your bellyaching. You goin' to do it, or not!?
Which will he choose I wonder, Martial arts or death?
I'm begging you, before freaking out on me listen to the end of what I have to say.
Apprenticeship is a system where you eat, sleep and live with your master and are taught various martial arts know-how and secrets.
When I see typos I lose interest in answering.
At the time there were no native English speakers teaching in any public school.
It goes without saying that at that time a kind of friendship beyond master and disciple grew between the two of them.
What I looked up to in Shota was not his 'strength'. It was his heroic courage to put his life on the line to carry out his convictions.
India has a cuisine rich in regional flavour.
He says he avoided the danger by playing dead.
"If you don't get in our way any more, I could see my way to letting bygones be bygones." "That's remarkably generous ..."
"Now that I think of it, where's Tanimoto?" "Playing the lone wolf, as always."
Hi Mr Ant, keeping up the good work today as well. Here's a sugar cube.
Ladies and Gentlemen, thanks to your untiring efforts our hideout is finally complete!!
"Let's see, you're ... er, um ... M-" "You're wrong from the first letter!!"
Crawl forward is done much more agilely - scuttle like a cockroach!
Good timing. I'll get you to test drive the new model.
A strong veteran, having trained for tens of years, can fall to a weakling in a moment of laxness. That's what the martial arts world is.
Please hold the line so as not to lose your place in the queue.
What do you think? Does it suit me? It's what servants wear around here.
However, although our companions were willing, they knew nothing about management or getting money.
Well you're always putting on a show, and you're always on guard.
Please ensure you always include a link-back in your replies. ">>" in plain ASCII + number (e.g. >>1).
Ah-you've gone all red. Riku - that's so cute!! Ha-haha.
You say you had a nibble, it looked to me like you'd polished it off.
To get up in the morning, and there be someone to say good morning to - I haven't had this feeling for a long time.
It's a good idea to stop using direct-links to files. Use a trick like starting the URL with double-width h t t p or something.
"The old lady of this shop is very unsociable but ..." "Taiki, I can hear you!" "Ack!"
Having said it, Mayu hangs her head in embarrassment.
Even so ... she didn't have to slap me!
"But we're brother and sisters, aren't we?!" "In name we are."
One more thing. If you try anything on Mayu I'll break your spine.
Never mind that. More importantly, if we don't go soon the time-limited sales will finish.
A load of 100 kilograms is the max.
You must have some nerve to ignore _me_.
"Where's that superstition from?" "Call it folk wisdom."
What does destroying evidence get you? The usual thing would be to contact the police, wouldn't it?
In short, he's run off without paying off his debt.
I've heard about it. Your parents disappeared, running out on their debt didn't they?
You're an arrogant dirty foreigner who claims your dictionary is correct even though you don't understand the nuances of Japanese.
You've already drunk mummy's milk. Don't cry, please go sleepy-sleep.
And so everything ends up coming down on Mai's shoulders.
Spoilers ahead! If you don't mind that then read after highlighting (colour inverting).
In any case I just want to make clear that the fact that these are not normal people.
Don't you find yourself reaching for things with '20% extra' written on them?
"My metabolism is such that no matter how much I eat I don't put on weight." "Just now, this second, you've made enemies of people throughout the world."
Well sports day is over too, next the midterms ...
The number of *****s in the hint has no relation to the number of characters in the word.
In order to bring out your talents to the full you need to a profession more suited to you, to find a new work place.
"Morning. You're early today." "You too. I thought you'd still be dead to the world."
When indicating 'tense' in Chinese, as shown above, there are 'particles', 'time-specifying words' and also many cases where it depends on context.
In the morning, I just want to have a leisurely start.
Well it's very difficult changing jobs after you're thirty so I don't really want to do it.
Kyoko, startled by the lightning, clung onto me.
"How is it?" "Well, yes ... could be some signs of dehydration."
It's a job worth doing, but if I think about the working hours and the risk ... I could be onto a real losing proposition here.
He found it very hard to keep the conversation going.
The orchardist grafted an apple bud onto the rootstock.
Please don't do translations if you're crap at it. This is a plea from the English translation clients.
Sheesh, you've even got cigarette butts scattered around.
If I wasn't here, this office would be in chaos in three days.
Because, no matter if we have got lost, I'd hate to sleep outside this sort of place.
The further I went the more irresistible became the feeling that I was going round and round in circles.
My head's still pounding but I don't have a temperature any more.
Packed into wooden fishing boats like sardines, the immigrants undergo the dangerous voyage there.
Her nature is neither affected nor pretentious.
In the font business you must never trust anybody!
He didn't intend to let her drive but she pestered him so much that he finally gave in.
And then I breathe a sigh from melancholy in being unable to do anything about it.
With the development of networks a huge and unprecedented volume of messages flies around the world.
Apparently the iPod nano has good sound.
With this tutorial you will use the sample manga to become accustomed to the procedures for seeing the manga including download.
VISUACT supports flexibly the varied environments and needs of our customers and offers a variety of operational procedures.
She plays Bach.
It is the drop in the rice pricing (blamed on consumers' loss of interest in rice and the freeing up of the international market) that is the cause.
You will receive a confirmation email after your account has been activated by an administrator.
Of these it is the latter one that is important.
Whatever you do don't leave the lid up on the toilet!
Among these views, the second one is of importance.
I paid at the appropriate time.
I wonder how many times I've come here with her.
Mountain fires are thought of causing little harm with the only damage being the burning of trees and shrubs, but actually there's a hell of a 'hidden character'.
He squashed up a bit to the side to leave a seat free.
You can't believe a word of that.
"Bye, see you tomorrow." "Oh, what's this? Leaving on the dot again?"
"May I have one as well?" "Yes, certainly. Today's on the company after all."
When I looked at the explanatory notes under the posts list I realized what was causing it.
Already three years since I became an office lady. It's not as if I'm dissatisfied with my present lifestyle but, well ...
WARNING - 18+ ONLY.
Like the banner, the design was based around the colour white.
Men are absolutely not allowed to post or reply to articles.
Please ensure the genitals are obscured by a mosaic effect.
Thank you for waiting. One kid's meal and an ice cream soda.
As I left the brothel, I was embarrassed to be seen by my friends.
It was embarrassing the way my parents bragged about me at the concert.
Last week's snow was limited to a very small area.
Apply a compress to the affected part every two hours.
Astronomers inferred the existence of a local supercluster.
The exhortation "Don't quote Wikipedia" was included in the Asahi newspaper of yesterday or the day before.
The former president of a certain association has been arrested on suspicion of breach of trust.
A normal person might spend a lifetime at it and still not succeed but faced with a determined Ren it was not greatly different from a normal cylinder lock.
Up to now he had made nine humanoid robots but they were all demonstration models.
These cancellations without notice are a real pain.
Hiroshi is worn out with worry since he lost the only copy of the book he needed for his report.
Let's take precautions against heat fatigue, before we flake out from the heat, and have a healthy summer.
I arrived home, thoroughly worn out, after getting lost in the mountain paths.
We ask that those who have had a change to their residence report and have not yet submitted a change report please do so as quickly as possible.
I'm not bothered. It's just my usual nightcap. Having someone to drink with on occasion might be nice.
It seems I've got a little tipsy. Sorry to have talked rubbish...
Sorry, that's a typo.
We, ACME Ltd., hereby announce that we will resist with all our strength this hostile takeover.
"What? Are you doubting us?" "B-but, that is, suddenly 'spirit world', 'magical beings' - it's strange to ask me to believe."
Low-fat milk for me.
It was evening and already dark but I saw a cat walking along a telephone wire. Can they do that, cats?
It is strange that a cameraman heading for a war-zone should not know about the danger of unexploded shells. The newspaper company is being negligent in its training.
C is formed by reacting A with B.
What you don't see and hear with your own ears and eyes might be true, but it might also not be true.
They don't use 'celeb' to mean 'rich man' over there. By which I determine that you are Japanese.
Depending on which you think of as the main point, either is OK.
Apparently they aren't given, but loaned.
Let us pray for a perfect, an eternal, peace.
The addict died from a drug overdose.
This is an early work, I did it freely without storyboarding so it's unreasonably long.
Say ... I can hear screams coming from the women's bath.
Take that back, right now!
It's scary how little consideration she gives to being a woman.
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
You can't ask us to believe this.
Your wonderful lecture was pearls before swine.
There was a class reunion after 30 years.
I'll leave you to lock up.
Obviously we will help but please remember that what decides it in the end is your zeal.
It's embarrassing to be seen without make-up so please don't stare.
The Internet has a lot of information and thus also a lot of useless information.
That young couple are still tied to their parent's apron strings.
MP (magic): Ability score needed to use magic. As you use magic it drops, but with time it recovers.
Also, those of you who don't have the chance to wear a 'kimono', go for it and wear one!
It is said that the castle dates back to the 11th century.
"We've got taller so they don't fit." "Right, it's certainly not that we've got fat!" "The useful phrase 'grown up' is our trump card."
I'd like to ask a grammarian, isn't it possible to think of 'be + participle' like you do V C and such?
She studied hard in order not to fail the entrance exam.
Write two expressions that are followed by either count or non-count nouns in conversation.
The threat increases; a defence that doesn't evolve is meaningless.
He's just a normal junior high school student, not particularly intelligent.
Of course I apologised, saying that the first appointment had priority.
By summit, do you mean the Group of Eight?
You just have to understand what sort of thing the suffix '-osity' is.
'-osity' is an abstract noun word ending created from the ending of an '-ous' adjective.
That means nothing if English speakers don't understand it.
You need permission to put up that sort of poster, and, most of all, you're ruining the looks of the street!
It's not like I've got any special interest in gym shorts - I've not got that fetish, I think.
Obviously the teacher can understand both English and French.
Actually, there are many cases where 'have [object] done' is not causative.
After dark clouds, you get periods of refreshing clear weather.
Drying the washing on a fine day in the rainy season; I felt like it was already summer.
This bow has a strong draw.
Losing my daughter has taken away my will to live.
Skiing, barbecues, parties: with this plan you get the best of everything and can enjoy it all on a one-day visit.
It's a fiddle going to and fro between the keyboard and mouse so are there shortcuts to allow operation using only the keyboard?
I wanted to help, but there was nothing I could do.
You couldn't tell it by looking, but she has the legendary tale of having eaten two whole cakes when a child.
My life changed, sparked by meeting Mr Matsukawa.
Let's master example sentences and the make-up of text by dictation.
If you can translate the subject and object then after that it isn't so difficult.
You're pretty late to have just gone shopping. Have you been making out someplace?
If I was going to the African continent where would be the safest and most sanitary place?
It's talking about how, thanks to air transport, we've lost the sense of 'season' for foodstuffs.
There can be no people who have gone through as many hardships this century as the Jews.
We are making advance plans for our holidays.
That was a nifty way of doing it.
You won't trick her; she knows a thing or two.
Even if we don't get lucky on the first try we can just keep fucking till I get pregnant.
I'm not interested in apologetics.
Tadami is in Minamiaizu in Fukushima; cut off by steep mountains and located on the prefecture border with Niigata.
Many people suffer from heart disease in Japan, but in Libya those having heart attacks have also increased a lot recently.
It's all over.
To my side, my wife, who I'm presently at odds with, lies sleeping.
Of course. Now that you say that, certainly Ms Tanaka wasn't shot even once in the mock battles.
We don't have polygamy in Japan, dear.
By means of a super high-pressure water spray practically all the sediment is removed.
They still haven't been able to work out quite what her motive was for resorting to crime.
I'm going to get going before this feeling goes!! Well they do say "Strike while the iron is hot."
Ha-ha-ha, pray forgive me. Please don't worry yourself about that!
In the end, it was just too much bother so I went home by taxi.
There's no telling when she'll stab you in the back.
This week I've watched foreign car-action movies with subtitles for three days in a row.
The bidet-toilet itself has not spread much outside of Japan.
Ah, the phone card's already running out.. See you in half an hour.
And also the gym uniform is still gym shorts, isn't it? I wonder why.
If the more advanced want to improve English ability (especially reading comprehension) increasing vocabulary is the way to go.
There is a world of difference between, "somehow being understood" and "using correct English."
Just as if that was proof that that English was correct.
That's a plan that sounds likely to be cancelled by rain.
"You're OK without your glasses?" "Ah, these are fake you see, I thought it might make me brainier..."
"I've heard about it, Koichi" "You don't need to say anything more, I know. It's the summer festival incident at the shrine, right?"
I pay my university fees to go to university by part-time work. Well, I'm a 'working student' I suppose.
Oh, but don't worry. I don't put the moves on straight guys.
In many languages the way dictionary-form words end is fixed; in Japanese they end in a 'u row' character.
"Practising sword throwing?" "It just slipped out of my hands."
You couldn't say that was a plan with any sense of reality to it.
Mr Pryor collapsed with a subarachnoid haemorrhage when rehearsing for a performance in Paris. He was taken to local hospital but passed away at 4:23 pm.
Despair drove him to attempt suicide.
It's raining again. I wonder if we will be able to have the February snow festival?
However you could say that being found hard to understand by the common folk for one's genius is fate.
Elementary and primary school children don't yet know good from evil or reality from fiction.
I'd like to do without commas, but 6 feels odd if it doesn't have commas.
Throwing knives were stuck deep into the men's necks.
We want you to take command of this unified force.
Your division was highly praised for fighting well in the midst of a hopeless conflict.
Ha-ha ... She isn't human. She's a robot; A-n-d-r-o-i-d.
There was nothing wrong with their ability, it was just that the expense for each unit was so vast that the cost performance was bad.
However fine the words of the management, those working for them see what is to be seen.
He kindly answered questions.
It's when you become able to move that the real value of health hits home.
It's well said that "You can't judge people by their appearance", isn't it?
I'm not good at posting stuff online.
I say "should", because theses written in the present tense are still seen around and about.
Oh, that's a secret, OK? Because slipping out of the dorm in the night is severely punished.
You've both been very impressive today. I'm proud of you.
There's someone I'm in (unrequited) love with, but that person is busy now and I don't get replies to my emails.
These drinks are a la carte.
Christmas in Japan is, if anything, a day for couples.
'The child is father to the man' is certainly well said.
Oh boy ... when they hang out with you for long everyone ends up picking up your bad habits.
We use "present tense" for this kind of case.
This e-zine is for those who, unswayed by the cajolery of the modern language industry, firmly trust that the traditional learning method of grammatical analysis is the way to go.
It's a troll trying for click-throughs. It's being multiposted in English-related communities all over the place.
"Past tense" is used in connection with actions in the past.
The present perfect expresses the long span from past to present.
Adverbial time clauses (here 'when') write about the future in the present tense.
These are both called "future volitional" and include the intent of the subject.
Yes, truthfully, until it was right in front of me like this, I half-doubted it ...
This sentence is in the present perfect. 'have' is not a verb, but an auxiliary verb.
So characteristic of what a pious Christian would say, this courteous phrase.
You should get there in five minutes walking.
He has come to look like a sly-as-a-fox Premier who uses his position's powers to the fullest extent, to his own advantage.
All hands, abandon ship!
I cannot help but be concerned about the commercialism of Hollywood movies.
But, if by that, morale drops wouldn't that defeat the purpose of the exercise?
No sign of the enemy in our surroundings.
Me, I'll make it to the class reunion no matter what I have to leave undone.
They contacted the station staff but the man had left the area and gone out through the ticket barrier.
This is off-topic. Sorry.
* The basic prohibitions (No slander, libel, etc.) are noted in the "Read me first." Please be sure to read it.
You call that a marriage?
Frankly, no one really stands out.
I'm surrounded by fuckwits!
All those bastards do is complain.
Our experimental results left something to be desired.
The plans for the company outing don't sound too exciting.
In hard times, in sorrowful times, let's try doing something for other people.
I have to get to sleep! I've got classes tomorrow.
When I inquired "what is that?" I was told, "go and find out for yourself."
I know that interest rates are fixed in accordance to the borrower's business risk.
Recently I've stopped being afraid of "living in shame" and being exposed to "public ridicule".
Happy birthday, Miss Aiba!
The present password is "eosdigital".
In the cold season when you want to drink something hot I recommend this sort of thermos flask.
This a recent photo?
Next, let us think about whether we have the time to look after a dog.
For some reason the microphone didn't work earlier.
'can' is an auxiliary verb, so in question sentences it is brought to the start of the phrase.
The example is a past progressive tense sentence. How was everybody taught when they were learning about progressive tense?
In a progressive tense sentence it becomes the -ing form verb, that is the present participle.
There are grammar books that call these sorts of things, not modifiers, but adjuncts (A).
An English-Japanese dictionary is surely a must have book, not just for those taking TOEIC, but for all studying English.
Among my cousins, you know, there's a girl with the most enormous breasts.
Apparently in this library are precious books that money can't buy.
A complete intransitive verb takes neither complement nor object.
The book shop also looks like it closes late.
With verbs there are intransitive verbs that don't take an object, and transitive verbs that do take an object.
The choice of example sentence wasn't wise.
When the antecedent is this, that, these or those it is usual to use 'which'.
I was locked out! There's got to be something fishy going on.
Two weeks after being admitted to hospital my acne suddenly started to disappear.
One of the greatest hurdles facing middle school students learning English is relative pronouns.
The relative pronoun 'that' has two states, a nominative case and objective case, but there is no possessive case.
Of course you can't say that it's worth nothing because it isn't perfect, so that doesn't mean that GTD is useless.
I don't think that they are valuable just because they have a large crop, but I'm glad when they sprout in great numbers - even when they are poison mushrooms.
... Hey-hey you two, is it no holds barred as soon as you know it's my treat?
Take it seriously! The school festival won't wait for us. We're already in the final countdown.
Conjugation of irregular verbs - essential for those learning English.
Forget it. He is our mutual friend, after all.
However, maybe from the sudden change in pressure when you put them, having your ears pop is a problem.
You're not going to get electrocuted just by directly touching a 1.5V battery.
Shh, you're speaking too loudly.
Present-day Japan is going down the route to self destruction, isn't it?
We've taken a hit. Trivial damage.
Everyone, please keep to netiquette.
What should I do if I become depressed while studying abroad?
I also really had the feeling of having had a relaxed day with my family for the first time in a long while.
This sort of structure is called a double negative, but in effect it shows affirmation.
This expression has really caught my fancy, as a type of English metaphorical expression not in Japanese.
It's a typo. Sorry.
Everyone must learn on their own in the end.
For circumstantial evidence, that's plenty.
First, let us talk about the experiments conducted in laboratories.
"Take a look at this." "Eh?" "There's an impact mark on the right-hand side of the bumper."
We've destroyed the enemy flagship!
You could at least try to be a bit more polite, even though it's not like you.
Born on 2006 Feb 23, at 2730g, our family's treasure.
He chose the wrong man to pick a fight with.
Before adding a new sentence, please check that your sentence brings new vocabulary by searching the keywords.
Whenever I go to a Japanese restaurant, I take the disposable chopsticks home with me.
In which case, I was also requested to invite all of you so if you would please accompany me...
I've found something amazing!
Along the way will be fine. It's a complicated matter.
Gelatine has the property of setting as it cools.
Thank you for your business. Please come again!
I'd like to set up a sign like, "This Way ->," but what would it be if I made it in English?
If she gets some antibiotics and sleeps, she'll get better.
It's OK to think of 'five minutes' as a noun phrase, right?
I buy the texts, but first I start writing the English sentences that come along without looking at them.
About today's packed-lunch, the menus prepared by Itsuki and Tanaka are low in beta-carotene-rich vegetables again aren't they?
I switch on my laptop, start up the browser, and type in the address I've already learnt by heart.
Moreover, for your safety, we advise use of a substitute email address.
"You'll get your clothes dirty." "No worries. They weren't very clean in the first place."
A light lunch at MacD's, coffee at Starbucks, then a few drinks with shabu-shabu - that's the way it went.
Fuck you!
Language has, at the same time as being method of expressing one's thoughts, the side of being something used to think with.
There are many uses of the 'present tense' of Japanese grammar which indicate things yet to happen.
Among the people of the colonies suffering under Earth's tyranny a force emerges intending to overthrow the status quo through terrorism.
Tyrannical governments frequently gaol their political opponents.
It is even becoming accepted even in exam-English that that called "simple future tense" does not exist.
He has the capacity to be a future leader of the nation.
In the midst of the dollar falling hard against the Yen and other major Eastern currencies the Chinese Yuan, with China effectively taking a 'dollar peg' policy, has become cheap.
Let's go to eat together.
About four years ago my Achilles tendon started to hurt and I was told it was Achilles tendonitis.
Causing competitors to fail, obtaining confidential information, something that big business just can't do without - high risk but at the same time high return work.
I think you fall well within 'cute girl'. You'd easily go and pass in his judgement.
It was going to be from Saturday, but, with one thing and another, it ended up being from the new week.
When a coil is moved near to a wire with current flowing in it current flows in the coil as well.
As cultural exchange continued between the two countries, their mutual understanding became even deeper.
I serve pub food to Canadian customers.
You're having so much fun doing what you are that you can't see what's going on around you.
Things that modify nouns (adjective, or adjectival equivalent).
There are two ways of using the infinitive as an adjective, 1. attributive, 2. predicative. Naturally 2. is a subject complement.
The grammar section includes the passive voice of the present perfect.
That 'Ayumi' kid, only 13 but has performed in movies and theatres as a child actor since she was five.
Today we will carry out an experiment about Ohm's Law.
Anastrophe, by switching around words, has the effect of emphasizing text.
If you mess-up it can't be redone, so don't mess-up!
Fudge! My stocking's run.
It's difficult to tell which is which for burnable and non-burnable rubbish as well, isn't it?
If we're going to play, make your mind up about the rules!
And so the method that works is treading down the snow to harden it, making blocks and piling them up.
That fact becomes self evident if you take a look at the relation between this theme and those leading research on it.
"What's up? Fidgeting like that" "Er, well, it looks like the elastic's gone in my pants."
You know about 'ra-skipped words'? It looks like quite a lot of students are using mistaken words.
You're really the best when, and only when, it comes to angering people.
You know this textbook is made of recycled paper.
I have trouble taking powdered medicine.
"It's pool-season from this week, isn't it?" "Oh yes. I've gotta go and buy a swimming suit, then."
"Aki's off school today?" "It seems her cold got worse."
When night fell, she watched the moon.
In the official question collection it is explained as being "passive voice of the present continuous tense".
Ah, hold a mo. My shoe lace's come undone.
In my daily life I take care in various ways of my body so as not to damage my health.
To be a good child, you need to go to bed and get up early.
Carbon monoxide is a poisonous substance formed by the incomplete combustion of carbon compounds.
I wonder why tennis is played in mini-skirts.
The novel I'm writing next is set in a love hotel so I wanted to see what one actually looks like.
Karaoke, TV games, videos and a fridge ... love hotels nowadays really have everything.
"Let's head back." "Shall we drop by McDonald's?"
"You don't get on well with your father?" "..." "Sorry, that was none of my business."
"Well, there's something I'd like your advice on about my research project ..." "Let's see... Hmm, you're investigating flowering plants then."
Oh? You can type without looking at the keyboard. That's cool!
We're one baton short for the relay.
I also gave him a little something as a Christmas present the other day.
Recently there are a lot of young people who don't use respectful language to their superiors.
Recently there have been a lot of nasty incidents with fraud.
This carving knife ... it's one made by a famous swordsmith.
The flowers don't look happy. I'd like to water them. Is there a watering can?
Is it the vacuum cleaner's fault that the room is dusty?
There's gum stuck to the back of my shoe.
I wonder if you can sue someone of the same sex for sexual harassment?
Omission is a perfectly good example of an expression technique, and is brought up in many grammar books.
Investing abroad on your national currency basis will not always be profitable.
"Lemme see your painting, Manaka." "Must you? It's embarrassing!"
Isn't it a mild winter this year? Makes life easier.
I'd like to say a word of thanks to all those gentlemen and ladies whose care I have been in.
Well, shall we call it a day?
The future progressive tense is used when expressing events and action in progress at some future point, however the example sentence cannot be understood in that way.
Then, those from a year ago won't be working any more!
I couldn't help overhearing, but you're police officers who handle cyber-crime or some such?
Actually, and I need to keep this quiet, but recently here there's a rumour that young women on this beach are having photos taken in secret of them.
"Eh? Is the tangent cosine divided by sine?" "Other way round!"
Anything like a road was covered with water that had flooded out of the river.
I think that it likely that there was a major fault in the lookout.
From children to the elderly, sensible exercise has a good effect on the body.
That can't be good for your health, can it?
It takes a long time to convert.
The tiger, having had its wounds treated, was returned by the villagers to the animal sanctuary without incident.
Ah, unfortunately there is a small matter I need to attend to so I'll take my leave now.
Please, by all means, drop in when you go shopping.
The verb 'help' takes to-infinitives and bare infinitives but bare infinitives are said to be the most common in casual text; as also used in this example sentence.
I just don't understand what goes through the minds of people who troll forums.
I moved a chess piece on the board one forward.
I tilt my head. Not the pawn, but the knight?
Companions with the same aim, to carve out their own future, cooperate with each other.
The problem quoted isn't one, but there are problems in the reading section that ask you to distinguish relative pronouns from relative adverbs.
'Childhood friends' are scary.
You're students - It's only now what you can do this sort of thing.
I'm not a university student, but I'm brighter than them.
"Ow-ow-ouch" "Are you alright?"
Ah, now I remember. I used a condom; something I rarely, or rather practically never, do.
Oh, while I remember, it seems that that was a bug that occurs when you use the comment field's 'letter-spacing' tag which adjusts the tracking.
I took care to make the letters large and be generous with character and line spacing in order for it to be easy to read for the elderly and those who have problems with their sight.
I felt it was a relatively difficult jigsaw puzzle.
That's a clear case of "water off a duck's back".
"Mr Chairman, what needs moving next, again?" "Scoreboard, giant ball and the tug-of-war rope."
That man's monstrously strong.
With the subjunctive past all the 'be' verbs become 'were', OK?
It should be decided in the next day or two.
I was very happy to see you at the offline-party.
After being told, "Please, sit down," I sit in the chair.
However, the survivors are unaware of that fact.
My head is swimming, so I'll try writing any-old stuff without any deep thought.
Come to pick me up if it rains tomorrow.
I became accustomed to public speaking, so I think that's been useful when taking job interviews.
At first, I thought they were sick.
It's not as if he can't run fast.
That's because I don't suppose anybody will believe this story.
OK, stop there! That was a strong performance from the two of you.
Now Beth enters, stage right!
It's nothing to do with me, equals, I don't have to be here. So I'm getting out of here, whatever anybody says!
"How is her condition?" "She must have absolute bed rest."
I'm in transit between flights now. I've spent 8 hours on a plane so far, after changing planes now it's another two hours.
It has become clear what murder-suspect Miura's jail lifestyle is like.
Deposed in a military coup in September 2006 and having effectively been in exile, the Former premier of Thailand Thaksin has returned after about a year and a half.
The magician Sarah. Apparently people call her "The Great Mage" or some such.
I had expected stronger resistance from the enemy but if anything there are less of them as we advance to the centre... Don't you think that's strange?
Well then, does everybody know the anime called Mai Hime?
My companions, who weren't wearing hats, apparently had their noses and cheeks turn red.
Coincidentally enough, I know him.
I don't live in Maigo now.
My husband and daughter are fast asleep.
The wind still blows hard.
Your words are supposed to correspond to your actions, but that is not easy to put into practice.
Ai sat down beside me.
I said I would make her happy.
I'm busy getting ready for tomorrow.
This house and this land are mine.
If you keep on like this, you'll probably live to reach 120!
Why can't I sing like they can?
It's not worth reading any further.
Iced tea had got on my shirt.
Obviously that's different for men and women.
1/4 of the world's carbon dioxide emissions are from America: its per-capita emissions are also the greatest in the world.
"Hey, when do the dorms lock up?" "9 o'clock" "Whoops, if we don't run we won't make it!"
So now there are at least 20 rainbow trout in this area.
"It's still shallow, eh. My feet still touch the bottom." "It's quite a shallow beach. Yotsuba, you can still touch the bottom can't you?"
I'm a bit down because a blogger friend of mine has decided to stop blogging.
Moreover it's difficult to get rubbish out for garbage day because the collection time is too early.
Putting ideas into practice is difficult.
There's no need to be that tense.
Controlled Access Zone: No entry without permission.
He was poached by a rival company.
He edged sideways through the crowd.
The dragonfly was skimming across the water.
You can go skiing if you like, but for my part I prefer to stay at home and read a novel.
Those ladies and gentlemen who live in the suburbs of Yokohama, if it is convenient to you, please come.
How does the moon shine at night?
From the castle we could see the whole curve of the river around its base.
We decided not to have peace negotiations with the invaders.
It's getting darker outside now.
The Labor Party's vote increased at last year's election.
We received an eviction notice.
The police brawled with the demonstrators.
When you're fed up with the school cafe you can buy something at Bellfa or eat at a family restaurant.
The police seized a large quantity of drugs at the school.
This screwdriver is too small to be any use.
Mother yanked the bedclothes off Hiroshi.
Impressive isn't it. A company that's only just been established but it's already got many outlets and is in fashion.
I said, "Five months worth of the Pill, please," and was told "Certainly."
But I understand what he says.
What have you been getting up to till now?!
The rhythm is light, and the tempo fast - that song is liked by young people.
There was a time, one evening, when I stood on top of that hill.
"Would you like something to drink?" "Sorry, no thanks."
"Can I have it?" "Sorry, I drank it at the hotel!" "Thought so."
They confirmed the importance of strengthening global precautions in order to prevent devastating losses.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
However he wasn't seriously hurt and got away with light bruising.
"Er, Karin ..., shouldn't we call it a night soon?" "No! No quitting while ahead! Next time I'll win for sure!"
Today I'm shopping in town as well as running an errand for my grandmother.
If you enjoyed this, please give a click on the vote link!
What I regret now is, rather, that I wasted time.
A healthy curiosity is truly a fine thing.
"I'm going to see your father today, about career counselling." "You don't need to bother with that."
How are you finding the Quality Control department?
What's your favourite type of sushi?
It mightn't have been my youngest brother's fault, but it wasn't mine either.
At that time the snow plow was certainly our hero.
To be frank, I think this 'conspiracy theory' is nonsense.
We've nearly finished preparations. How about taking a nap?
They say the gods smite evil with thunderbolts.
Then, if so, why were the like of Kyouou let upon the throne?
A qilin with a king too has no limit on its lifespan, but this illness alone admits of no remedy.
We drew lots to decide who would go first at the early morning reception desk.
I'm expecting a baby in the new year!
The Aegis collision - why couldn't it have been avoided?
Depending on the case; sometimes it is so, sometimes not.
Bronze-ware is largely made from alloys of brass and tin.
In the blink of an eye, the tennis-ball-sized dumpling had disappeared.
I had only one aim in throwing everything away to run this restaurant.
Where've you stuck my flat-head screwdriver?!
This site is in a toplist. If you found it interesting, please click!
I wish something nice would happen.
OK! Bring it on!
"Certainly if someone is _that_ beautiful you'd draw back from approaching her." "Thought you'd agree."
"Ah, y-yes ... Sorry, Coz." "Hey! You might be my relative but here I'm your senior and a doctor. Keep things straight while you're in the hospital!"
If it's urgent I can page her ...?
You're doing good work there.
This is a two-seater sofa using stain-resistant artificial leather.
Alright! They're all mopped up!
I'm also in favour so it's three to one. And thus your objection is overruled.
He is not the sort of person who likes to listen to jazz.
If it was just a book the Space Police wouldn't be sticking their noses in. The problem is that it's a bundle of super technology.
How would you like your steak cooked?
I hear that you can burn CDs with Windows XP; could you tell me a website that explains the procedures involved?
It is sometimes acceptable to resort to violence.
It's just like rats leaving a sinking ship.
Jeez, what're you up to?
Distance per degree of longitude at equator.
To be continued next time, and thus I most humbly request your attendance then.
"Please check again." "Certainly."
"You with me?" "Yes"
There's no rush. If you would, in your own time.
However the protagonist is aware of his own mistakes.
Only Takeuchi didn't accept the invitation.
Even if it was somebody else who made her happy, as long as she is happy, that's fine.
It's completely illogical. It wasn't as if I was shouting outside while drunk.
Hasn't it been solved yet? Whose responsibility is it, the prefecture's or the country's?
We need another person to play cards.
But there's only one pair of chopsticks. What shall we do?
And so, Reiko, it's nothing for you to panic about.
Please put their name on everything they take with them.
Saturday is the pottery class I've been attending since last year.
Start, dammit!
How about wearing contact lenses?
Thanks, please come again.
I have broken off our engagement.
It certainly feels smooth when you run the shaver over your skin.
M-my goodness!? Cover-up! Cover yourself up!
Eh? Have we run out of toner? Oh well, sorry, but can you go the staff-room and get some, Katou?
Yes, that is most certainly so.
Eh? Hundreds of thousands of Yen plus betrothal gifts?
If they can get both a forged card and its PIN then all the cash in the bank account will be withdrawn.
Major Cold: It's the day of the year that the cold is most severe, but you could also say that Spring is just coming around the corner.
As shown above, it is possible to obtain ample profit and customers with truly simple know-how that anyone can do!
On the other hand, there seem to be those among young folk who, while touching on Buddhism, have started to think of it as a vital spiritual support.
Our house, our rules.
Is it true that you recover from colds when you give them to someone else?
I completely forgot the number.
Er, well, I'd like to take a vote. Would people in favour of Mr Ogawa's proposition please raise their hands.
Puffy AmiYumi is a Japanese rock band.
It's passable. Nothing out of the ordinary.
"...Hey...Hey, teacher!" "Eh? Oh." "Are you really OK? Shouldn't you cancel the lesson?"
What's different from Japan is that the doctors of Singapore generally all know each other.
"Isn't she nice? I think we'll get on just fine." "Same here."
In schools everywhere sports-wear is all spats and shorts.
"Welcome!" "Yo." "Oh, what, it's only Keita?"
That's right, isn't it?
Why do you make it open even to rivals in the same trade?
Yes. She got an introduction from her old doctor and transferred.
Understanding parts-of-speech is extremely important for getting the feel of word order.
'Verb' refers to the predicate verb. Predicate verbs change their form depending on the subject and the time expressed.
Supplementary information includes adverbs and things that function as adverbs.
We need a nut that will fit that bolt.
Oh yes, you didn't eat any in-flight meals either did you?
The mountain rescue team is on call 24 hours a day.
That was when I started going to the pool for exercise.
I've never seen as many people as this photograph the same rainbow.
It is aptly said that illness starts from the mind.
Relative pronouns perform as 'conjunction + pronoun'.
A display, aka monitor, is an appliance that displays video signal of still images and moving pictures produced by a computer or similar device.
The sphygmomanometer is an important diagnostic instrument.
Cars that, when new, cost 3,000,000 yen are apparently now worth 300,000, so I think I'll use mine a little longer.
The neighbouring house was destroyed, but mine survived just a bit of cost for repair.
I asked my local member for a job, but he brushed me off.
Leaving what it means to one side, what's with the high-falutin' language?
It's much too pompous for such a trivial thing.
He always talks in such high-sounding terms.
Search me.
I'll do it for a cake.
Young Tanaka is the stupidest person in the department.
This example text is a how-to-write sample, so please add to and delete from it as required before using.
Is it true that the iTunes' MP3 encoder has poor sound quality?
However, the preposition+relative pronoun (which) part becomes a relative adverb (where).
May I use your ink pad?
He went red in the face with rage.
If you combine them in this way, you get a 14 port USB hub.
Let's observe sunspots.
The sun is currently in a period of low activity but even so large sunspots occasionally appear.
A longsword sheathed in an intricately engraved scabbard.
Witch hazel tightens pores without drying skin.
Learning should not be forced. Learning should be encouraged.
Despite "No Smoking" signs, the boat operator was brazenly smoking all the time.
I'm short, so I can't see on top of the shelves and so I pretty much dust by touch.
When I try to listen to music with media player there's an error and I can't play the file.
"I rather like heights. You know, in my last life I must have been ... an aeroplane?" "Usually that would be 'bird' there."
Just because there aren't any complaints, doesn't necessarily mean your customers are content.
I'm teaching basic participial constructions now, but, with regard to those below, what different ways of translating them would everybody use?
Rio's carnival is held in February.
Samba is a Brazilian rhythm, isn't it?
Is there an English speaker here?
The development of a new business idea is no doubt the ideal that everybody wishes for.
Oooh, get a move on. We'll end up late! Come on, I'll tie your shoelaces for you.
Great Britain is a land of gentlemen and horse riding.
"I don't think she's an opponent you can ignore like that ..." "That's right, they say a cornered rat bites back, don't they?"
Kiddo! Two medium-size drafts here.
It's hot, so you'd better head back quickly. Mackerel goes off so fast that they coined 'fresh-looking rotten fish'.
Please state your opinion crisply and clearly.
The recommendation from my boss made all the difference.
Can I have a few words with you?
The cops are keeping tabs on him.
Even a rare guest wears out his welcome after three days.
The chicken feed I get for a salary is good for nothing.
This may be a silly question, but which is stronger - a tiger or a lion?
A molester is truly the enemy of women. I'll never let them get away with it.
With both mind and body in their best condition, let's look forward to the newcomers' training camp.
The LDP rode on the wave of Koizumi's popularity.
On some OS's you get gibberish for filenames with full-width characters so when downloading please change to a suitable filename.
I don't have any clothes for when I go clothes shopping.
It rains so often in the wet season that it's hard to plan outings.
I saw your name and posts in an English forum and took the liberty of reading your profile.
When speaking about your superiors' actions, you use respectful language.
'Number-withheld' calls are scary, it's best not to answer them.
Last night it was Yumi who pushed for sex.
We had a terrible time in the blizzard.
Since it's not the rainy season, there's no need for an umbrella.
I'm instinctively bad with children and infants.
How brave of you to go alone into the primaeval forest!
It is a difficult task, choosing what is "right" or "wrong", but you have to do it.
You should definitely ask him out.
'needless to say' is often introduced as an idiomatic expression in the infinitive.
A female beggar was begging with five or six children following along.
In connection with this I can only reply, "it is just as you say."
"Who do you belong to?" Wrapped around his feet was a small cat. It was a fluffy grey striped cat.
For dehydration, take a lick of salt.
Then, although it was dreary up to the other day, everywhere were flowers, flowers, flowers.
The "twin tiger cubs get separated ..." story felt a bit trite.
Is that green striped shirt in the wash?
Sorry, that was none of my business.
When she was at university, Yuriko abandoned herself to sexual passion.
Jealousy made him do that.
This might not have anything to do with the problem at hand.
They should go, regardless of whether they're men or women.
The wedding ceremony will be held regardless of the weather.
Will the universe expand indefinitely?
In the Edo period, moon-viewing parties were very popular.
It's a drama where you can enjoy the delicate workings of a woman's mind.
Sometimes my dog barks in the middle of the night.
It's a magnificent view, isn't it?
"I'm just popping out on a date, OK?" "Come home by 7, Sakura!"
There's the chance to get a huge income in this business, a million yen a month is possible!
Please accept this little gift.
Sponge absorbs water so it is convenient for shading water-colours and such.
A tear ran down from that eye.
It clearly looked as if everyone was present.
It looks like rain tomorrow, but I'll try my best.
Due to this a lot of time was lost, it's possible that if it wasn't for this accident the final stage of the race would have been better.
Whatever it is, you become fonder of it if you work on it yourself.
More horseflies than I'd ever seen came and flew around me.
Be sure to simmer on a low heat so it doesn't boil.
All things considered, it's set up so it isn't possible to win.
My companions were all asleep.
Life is despair, that's what I think.
Bats are mammals, just like us.
That is because human beings are mammals.
Incidentally, that the gills of fish are bright red is because there are many 'capillary vessels' collected there, the same as for lungs.
I immediately lost my concentration.
All are fated to die. However, you can't decide how and when you die.
Just because people are corporeal born to this world doesn't mean that they understand everything about it, similarly just because somebody's died doesn't mean that they understand everything about the incorporeal world.
Add and delete buttons from the OE toolbar.
Additions and deletions are not shown immediately.
Because novels, just like paintings, need you to practice.
Could you be a little quieter, sir?
Come on! Quickly!
All things considered, and it's just my opinion but, I think that the value of a present changes depending on how much thought is put into it.
I think that for many people learning the trigonometric functions is meaningless.
His backache left him lurching along with leaden legs.
Bearing in mind the durability in washing and various factors this is what we arrived at:
Just press the button and a clear photo will be produced by the latest technology.
To take good pictures there are some knacks to learn and a little trick.
Justice is expressed through actions.
What day are you usually free?
We are aiming for an integrated development zone that combines business and industrial quarters.
Art was in its golden age in Venice during the Renaissance.
Right - clear, left - clear..., OK, all clear.
For any type of organisation, internal harmony and unity are important factors in deciding its success or failure.
One day I had a phone call from a friend. "There's a nice little earner, won't you come round?" so I went to his house.
I think overestimating the people masterminding that conspiracy is exactly what they want.
With most of the arts, if you don't get the basics down properly then it is difficult to acquire further skills.
If a very large amount of memory is installed, an 'insufficient memory' error message is displayed.
The incident occurred while Secretary of State, Powell, was visiting Japan.
This is Aya, this is Aya. Please respond.
I recommend giving it to them straight, don't waffle your way around the subject.
Using the rudder and the jib with the wind behind it we backed up, turning the bow to the direction we wanted to go.
"I'm finished for the day." "Much appreciated."
If you give up, that's the end of the match.
I regret nothing of my life.
Sound absorbing material is called acoustic material.
I've got to find the cause quickly, get out of this slump and live up to Mr. Tanizaki's expectations.
"Probably just a stupid urban legend" "But they do say 'there's no smoke without fire', don't they?"
I ran away without saying anything because I didn't want to lose our love.
I'm living on welfare, without a car or anything.
This isn't an unappealing proposition, is it?
On TV someone with a serious look on his face is talking about the problems of our country's future.
"Please move aside." "Ya wanna make something of it, sonny?"
Our P.E. kit was just shorts but now it's spats from today.
Suffixes, 1: "-ion" creates nouns that show the meaning of 'action, state, process, results,' and so on.
You can't call dogs off from a fight.
I feel I've been betrayed!
I made it so only root could access the administrative screen.
I said 'Quit it'. Can't you see Keiko hates that?
I will become God of the new world.
What programming language does everybody like?
You shouldn't be picky about other people's work, you know?
Is the name 'Shinosuke' a target for teasing?
I was given a nasty look when I asked for my prescription at the local doctor's.
Chocolate acts to prevent LDL oxidisation.
New Year shrine visit; which shrines are potent?
Take care of Mr. Tanaka for me!
Whoa, if we keep chatting, despite actually arriving early, we'll end up late!
There's no way something like that would really happen, but it seemed just right to drive the point home.
He doesn't look that way, but he's really a nasty piece of work.
I think it is certain that there is intelligent life in this universe, but the likelihood of that life coming to Earth is practically nil.
I expect it's his lousy personality that drives off the ladies.
Is there intelligent life on other planets?
Kei is startled by that question, but shakes her head as it to say that it's nothing.
H-Hey! What're you up to!!
The woman in a red dress ignored the black-clothed man and called a friend on her mobile.
I often find myself falling for jokers, regardless of their looks.
The Sistine Chapel is a vast chapel built inside the Vatican Palace in 1473.
Shall we take this outside?
Hey, you there!
The card you drew was a red, wasn't it?
What's the technical terminology for assisting someone to go to the toilet with a urine bottle?
In this line of work, if you make a grim face the customers won't come.
The car dove into the field and, after bumping along for a time, came to a halt.
Open from 10:30am to 4pm on Sat, Sun, and Mon.
The sky looks ominous. I wonder if it will rain.
I sat back in the armchair and opened the book.
I'm going to be singing a cappella at a friend's wedding ceremony.
If you don't have an accident on the snowy roads I think you should be able to get back safely.
I'd like to help, but I think I'd just get in your way.
The whole family helped harvest the wheat.
Let's suppose you happen to strike it rich at the races.
It was early spring, so there weren't many customers.
My dad's estranged. (Because my mum's hopeless).
Here we explain about creating outlines of characters and paths.
You can let it slide with a "oh?" or you can take it seriously.
Atopic dermatitis has been increasing on babies recently.
The development of applications for Android is possible from today.
This year too there are many regular concerts for amateur musicians being held.
Kaoru, yours is the best reaction so far - you win the grand prize.
Is there really any guy who has such a sad face when they mess up?
When rain's fallen and the soil is moist, it becomes easier to pull out weeds.
However, that involved a mountain of previously unconsidered problems.
In all the excitement the 30 minute show-time passed in a flash.
Another spam article hoping for click-throughs?
Oh my, you're right, I didn't know that at all.
I was hitting the slots, and before I knew it, it's this time already.
Love isn't a game, so you can't just cherry pick the best bits!
I just bet you were thinking something perverse just now.
Suppose there's some jerk you just can't get on with.
Doesn't it irritate you to see couples making out around town?
Because an average person doesn't need 3D, or high whatchacallit speeds.
I'm aghast at the lack of manners, common sense and so on and so forth on the net.
Let's take advantage of the 'exemption' controversy to reconsider the way we work.
This problem is the clash of the idol's and obsessive fan's egos.
Women want to have sex too.
I was relieved that there are people more wanton than me.
I wonder if he enjoyed the last match.
Super technology weapons from the ancients always end up out of control.
An office building, with 22 stories above ground and 2 below, is under construction.
Equestrian is the only mixed-gender Olympic event.
"I'm back." "Welcome home."
Of course, a license is needed to operate a crane.
There's the perk of letting you join communities for paying members.
I was able to obtain a personally signed ball.
It's impressive that he's popular with just a bit part!
I lost my father to a subarachnoid haemorrhage when I was fourteen.
The components obtained by distillation of coal tar are as shown below.
The mirror on a compact I got from a friend has cracked.
There are many smart designs among the compact models, aren't there?
Unfortunately, the results yesterday were as you see.
Psycho-horror films dealing with the mysteries of human psychology are popular these days.
Why God allows these sort of actions by Satan is explained in Job in the New Testament.
The lock itself is a normal cylinder lock so it doesn't automatically lock when you shut the door.
I think that, as he's using addictive substances like thinner, the chance of rehabilitation is low.
I've found a way of jumping so you can get 202m in the ski-jump!
Horses used to pull road-rollers, but the steamroller arrived with the invention of the steam engine.
Shoes ... many courses ban shoes with spikes, so take care.
"Might you happen to be Mr. Ogawa?" "Well, yes ... can I help you?"
I'm so drunk now that I'm seeing two keyboards.
Can S. Jobs bring back the magic to Disney?
I considered doing something like blocking edits based on a blacklist.
Since 9.11 large scale acts of terrorism have occurred all over the world.
America's radioactive waste may be targeted in terrorist attacks.
She's got a Turkish boyfriend.
Once things start going this way, in the end they'll all be much of a muchness.
That's because there weren't any large carnivores in New Guinea.
The Mexican government announced the banning of all imports of second-hand cars, except for 1998 models.
You can't be too vigilant.
In addition to PCs, it can be used with cell phones.
Noise is produced by the sudden flow of current into a solenoid.
Do you think real neurotics really go and call themselves such?
Nordic Combined is held as a combination of two events, ski-jump and cross-country ski.
Don't think about leaving money for your kids, use it all up and enjoy yourself with flair.
Just as we were leaving the exam room the doctor waved his hand saying, 'bye-bye'.
For rock it's hard to know on what basis you should call something 'hi-fi'.
"I couldn't eat it", she said apologetically.
If you have any opinions concerning traffic calming devices (humps, curb extensions, etc.) please write them.
Yesterday I stumbled across a copy of my father's family register.
We call these slabs of the solid-rock layer 'plates'.
Set up paper cups in the cupcake baking tray.
For some reason the message text was corrupted, so I restored it before reading.
At that time, NATO bombed the bases of the Bosnian Serbs.
Why are, depending on the company, blue-collar workers better paid than white-collar ones?
Why do Muslims place such importance on burial?
People who want to put out an ezine on education, come this way!
Even toddlers can do it, so I'd like you to enjoy yourselves as a family.
It is certain that one important criterion for employment is having 'leadership'.
I find myself being enthralled by her reaction each time I replay it.
There was bad blood between the two families in "Romeo and Juliet".
Hemingway had a poor writing style.
He is a keen Stephen King fan.
A firewall will guarantee Internet security.
Hello, this is Dr Yamada's surgery.
The surgery, performed at our clinic, is over in half an hour.
The whole world needs to tackle the problem of climate change together.
OK!! Bro!! I don't want to hear any more!
Being knowledgeable about Japanese culture is a good thing.
Freud developed the love-hate relationship between parents and child as the Oedipus complex.
However, the die had already been cast.
The hearing acuity of dogs is superior by far to that of humans.
I'm allowing all attacks except on vital organs.
The shoulder joints, as well as moving on their own, also move in conjunction with arm movements.
The submarine's periscope was sticking right out of the water.
Is it true that men have oilier skin than women?
Free estimate for Spanish translations (Jp to S and S to Jp).
So they sought a place such that the conference seating would have them facing the Americans.
Haven't Bach-playing pianists become less common of late?
I have been asked by a reader about free and direct translations.
It was a dark night, with no moon.
The key to raising every soldier into a great warrior is in strengthening training.
He has a plan to ambush him.
He sent about 2.2 billion spam emails over a period of around one and a half years.
Convulsions can occur when they run a fever.
Are there to be hidden characters as well? We ask the developers.
The feathered balls you hit with a battledore are the seeds of a large tree called 'soapberry'.
Here I decide, without hesitating, to take the alternative route.
After all, even salesmen are desperate to avoid being targeted for downsizing.
Concerning the characteristics of respiratory function in swimmers.
Mrs. Bruce was the first female pilot to fly between England and Japan.
Is snoring less likely if you sleep on your side?
Why is it that only England succeeded in abridging the King's power?
At that instant it exploded with a great noise.
I've heard of pseudomyopia, but I never thought my own child would come to have it.
Please don't do anything that would besmirch the Matsuno family name!
The output of E->J translation software can be improved greatly by the way the user utilises it.
We created a freely available English-Japanese bilingual corpus.
I've never studied scientific philosophy, so I haven't read about Caveilles either.
Are we humans alone in this infinite universe?
Recently, what with this and that, I haven't been able to sing so today I sang like there's no tomorrow!
The lion bared its teeth even further.
Nursing insurance covers drawing up the care plan and other work supporting home nursing.
Do introverts not live as long as extroverts?
For external use only, do not ingest.
Why was the Japan Defense Agency upgraded to the Japanese Ministry of Defense?
Father's bankruptcy was a blot on the family's reputation.
It was the third year of Meiji when their family name was changed to Saga.
Harry's really slow to catch on.
Shall we go for a leather-covered sofa? A cloth-covered sofa?
I'm concerned about my wife's hacking cough.
I give the cows hay, and midday's work is over.
I was almost deceived by a certain trader's sweet words into making a huge loss.
Images taken by the JAXA Earth observation satellite, 'Daichi'.
What Jansky had observed was the 14.6m wavelength radio wave from the Milky Way's core.
The eye socket is the bone receptacle in which the eye fits.
When you swallow a dangerous substance, what you need to do depends on what you swallowed.
He can't cope with difficult situations.
It is feared that those citizens now present will run away.
It seems he spent many a night unable to sleep.
Vaporise the solvent from the liquid. What's left is the perfume component and a lump of vegetable wax.
It's OK if Yukiko can do the Tuesday, Thursday and Friday shifts from tomorrow.
These solvents, due to their volatility, evaporate into the atmosphere when used.
However, these solvents were identified as carcinogenic.
I hate strong-minded women.
Sorry, he's over excited now, so let's leave it.
In severe cases, cracks can form or it can snap apart.
Also cracks may form in buildings that aren't Earthquake proof.
What do you do when you get writer's block while writing a script?
I was invited last week as well, but it was late so I regretfully turned them down.
I've heard that if you default on the water rates your water supply will be suspended, is that true?
I'd like to get a bank loan; how do I go about that?
True bravery is quite another thing from bravado.
By the by, this ability to will fire into existence is apparently called pyrokinesis.
Tajima ... can't you talk a little bit more genteelly?
In my workplace is a woman who's very strong willed, on the face of it.
In times like this, there's nothing like a hair of the dog.
The suicide bomber fired towards former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, but missed.
Precognition is the act of using spiritual-power to know things that will occur in the future.
Please tell me how to use laundry starch to starch things.
However, if you're going to read people's blogs in order to write an interesting blog, you can do that right away.
Keiko buried her head in the pillow and cried.
About eighty thousand spectators packed into the stadium last night.
It would only take 100 or 500 yen coins, so I search for change but don't find any.
4. Heat the sesame oil in the wok and melt the butter.
Don't fall behind other companies!
It is very important to decide what to do about the slope of the roof.
2. Draw a boomerang shape on the card with a pen. Cut out the boomerang you've drawn.
He listened to my pitch, so he must be interested.
D-drat! I didn't mean to let that slip..
A-hahaha, you really are bad at keeping secrets.
I clutched her to my chest, and kissed her on her forehead.
Seeing the briskly working toy consultants also left a strong impression.
Being too busy with work is a problem, but then so is having too much free time.
At this rate, the risk is high that our country's competitive position will drop even further.
2002: President Bush signs the Homeland Security Act and it becomes an official Cabinet agency.
If rain was enough to get phone-lines crossed then Japan would be in a right mess, wouldn't it?
You can adjust the seat height by moving the adjustment lever up.
Obstetricians also bear a high risk of suits.
Obstetric care in crisis as the number of obstetricians continues to fall.
I don't know how to use an art file (.art).
Endometritis is a disease where bacteria enter the uterus and cause inflammation of the inner membrane.
"It's cold! I hate it!" Yoshiki complains with teary face.
Changes of leadership have a great effect on the international political economy.
I have fibroid tumours. Is there a way to stop them getting large?
Are you more likely to get worse ovulation pains if you have a tipped uterus?
If you leave them lying on the desk they may roll off, so stand them in the test-tube rack.
This game is a work of fiction.
There is no relation between characters appearing, organisations and places to those that really exist.
I'm worried because the dentist I went to recently told me, "You've got periodontitis alright".
Recently my haemorrhoids, which I've had from before, are painful.
Secondly, the literacy rate in Europe of that time was low.
The black angel spread those jet-black wings wide and flew up into the sky.
Just getting one-to-one guidance was enough to make it an extremely fulfilling practise session.
You'll have it in June? 'June bride' has a nice ring, doesn't it?
4. Just before bringing it to the boil, set to a low flame and remove the scum again.
As far as knowing health's worth once you've lost it goes, that's the same thing with parents, water or air.
I greatly recommend reading it to anybody thinking of learning a craft.
Quasars are brilliantly shining heavenly bodies that are extremely far away.
In Japan, only women are entitled to take the national obstetrics exam.
I'm one too, and I'm sure there are lots of night-owls in the IT world.
Dole out your wisdom a little at a time.
According to informed sources, ____ Ltd. is preparing for the move up to the first section of the Tokyo Stock exchange.
Save energy by abolishing the convenience stores' 24-hour-a-day trading!
With your ability it should be a doddle, but please don't be prideful of that but first apply yourself dilligently with everyone in your class.
The refugees were living in a narrow, squalid backstreet.
The rise and fall of prices caused a financial crisis.
Mum, a mere woman surrounded by men, works in a construction company as a site foreman.
Keiichi, the tempura's done, so bring a plate.
You think someone coarser than you is "crude", and someone higher class than you to be "putting on airs".
Men love amorous women.
For my part, having you lot with me is more reassuring than the police or anything!
Oh my, leaving the table in the middle of meal is bad manners, you know.
Wherever you are, we'll provide a comfortable work environment.
He resolutely pushed forward from the start, overwhelming and pushing out his off-balance opponent.
Of those 2 or 3 were pushed out of the nest, and then fell down from the balcony as well.
In Singapore, practically right on the equator, the rainy and dry seasons aren't very clear cut.
The student submitted a paper to an English-language journal, and the result was "conditional acceptance".
I tumbled on the truth by the merest accident, when I'd pretty nearly chucked the whole job.
All that time the things granddad had said, like the sound of flies flying round a melon, buzzed in my head.
Forty percent of the workforce are white-collar workers, most of whom have some of the most tedious and idiotic jobs ever concocted.
She pulled herself out of the water and waddled along the sand at the edge of the creek.
Leadership by coercion would not produce the results we see.
Certainly there are downsides to leadership by coercion and force.
There had never been any ill-feeling between them until that night.
It's quite possible that there are times I am half awake, and thus the day feels shorter.
A desk stood in the centre, with a red leather swivel-chair.
I expected more classical features, but hers is a beauty that would do well even in this age.
Please send reports of mistypings and mistranslations to the email address below.
At first we used to go separately, but one day we started going and returning together.
1. Finely chop the chicken breast meat.
Apparently "the iPhone sounds the death knell for the Internet."
5. When the reaction is over, place the test-tube on a damp cloth.
The company is running so well, it's unnerving.
The noonday sun beat down with dazzling brightness on the tennis court.
There's another reason, isn't there? Well, how did I do? I bet I hit the mark.
Click the picture to go to the next page!
For a start, I visited Jerusalem - a sacred place for three major religions.
This service is temporarily out of order.
We are currently working to restore normal service as soon as possible.
Only in novels do you find individuals who live out their whole life with unvarying character.
Papa had a classical education.
Even before Reagan and the Supreme Court stifled it, OSHA was a farce.
What a waste of your lawyer qualifications!
The plural form of "louse" is "lice".
But that's only natural because you don't know their ways yet.
When the breaker tripped and it became pitch black, the baby got scared and started crying.
How about consulting a doctor and getting sedatives prescribed?
Blue1 was founded as Air Botnia in 1988.
"Clean up in front of the shop first." "OK!" "Sprinkle some water out there too."
To work all night, or not.
His head had been shattered by a savage blow from some heavy weapon.
Closer examination revealed that the skull had been crushed by some heavy blow.
American consumer group identifies RealPlayer as 'badware'.
The cherry blossoms flutter down whenever the wind blows.
Having failed my mock examinations any number of times, when I actually tried taking it the result was nothing I'd imagined.
Try a 50 minute mock examination, and know just how good you really are.
Somehow I just don't feel like hurrying. I have enough time.
Why is it you can write a letter in English this well, but can't speak in it?
I tried thinking about why it was that I didn't trust him.
Please don't let him know the real name of his illness.
Mr Takagi, who's lived here 16 years, was also surprised.
Did you catch the train?!
We sometimes combine going for a drive with eating the ramen we love so.
I'm Japanese, but I don't live in Japan.
Why didn't you get here sooner?
I was overjoyed when I was able to make friends with her!
But, unfortunately, the game was called off due to rain.
The books in this room aren't mine.
Well, it's time for your decapitation. Don't you have any last words to say?
When it is seen to have risen too far, the central banks of major countries cooperate to intervene.
Why do yields increase with herbicide-resistant varieties?
Fighting with monsters all over the world ... I just can't wait.
I note down absolutely everything, but they're no good to me afterwards.
The front wheel plays an important role in two-wheeled vehicles moving without falling over.
Every evening after school we met in his back garden and arranged Indian battles.
Because of my recklessness, I have been playing a losing game since childhood.
Kamui no Ken was a sort of samurai/ninja story set during the transition of the fall of the Tokugawa Shogunate and the re-establishment of Japan under the Emperor Meiji in 1868.
My own house was an eyesore, but it was a small eyesore, and it had been overlooked.
We were all pleased to be so cheaply quit of him.
They had lit a fire fit to roast an ox.
Obviously there are many variations between these two extremes.
Take counsel with a man who is wise and of a good conscience.
Nevertheless, devout conversation on spiritual things helps no little with spiritual progress.
The scientific truth of evolution is so overwhelmingly established, that it is virtually impossible to refute.
What should you feed killifish that have just hatched from their eggs?
That's just how cunning North Korea (and China) is.
It is important to think over what you will do, to pursue your studies economically, and effectively.
It is only recently that crude oil has come to be used to make chemical products.
So, was there a time when you were a wizard, too?
Right now I'm training in preparation for the day we set off.
"Oh, right, you're a werewolf, aren't you?" "I'm mixed blood, so I don't transform or anything."
Among the critics are those who think that the objective set for the European Central Bank is not appropriate.
It's a waste to just have the central banks watching over commodity prices.
Many Japanese irises were flowering prettily on the lake's edge.
This time, the same as always, I crammed at the last minute.
It is important to maintain your body temperature at a suitable level.
I thought it would be boorish to challenge his identity without warning.
There's a saying, "once in a life-time event," and that's just what this is.
The down of chicks that have just hatched is damp, but after two hours it dries out and becomes fluffy.
I think those who like the actors in the play won't lose anything by buying it.
In any case, just being wanted by the police isn't enough to make you "a criminal."
With 19 cases of death forming over 20% of the whole, the grave reality of overwork-deaths has been thrown into relief.
prototype.js - inserts update information into the page when the page is loaded.
In 2000 Japan's health care system was the best in the world, but since clinical internship was introduced in 2003 it has clearly deteriorated.
"What is it?" "Well, you see, I wanted the shrubs pruned."
This is international common sense, the great principle of resource management.
When warm, light, air crosses mountains it rises into the upper atmosphere and does not fall back to the ground. In this, and other, ways wind changes with the terrain.
Will everyone please stick with it to the last moment.
You throw a good ball nowadays, Keiichi.
In most cases, we can deliver within three business days.
If you have the money, then you may use it with other treatments, but the results from hypnotism alone should be plenty.
Japanese cultured pearls have come to monopolise as much as 60% of the world pearl market.
For delayed flights, seasonal adjustments are made on the basis of the original flight date and so refunds of air-mile difference will not be made.
For that reason the outcome of the primary nursing care requirement authorization has to relate to the amount of nursing care required.
Researchers Identify New Receptor Complex in Brain
Now that you mention it, I remember he was a dashing man. I wonder how he's doing?
I feel lethargic when I diet, what should I do?
When you start taking medicine it begins working on symptoms, like pain, right away, but that doesn't mean that the ulcer heals right away.
The meaning of the 'dollar peg' is "stick with the strong countries."
Researchers announce method of circumventing Windows Vista security features.
An analysis of the nature of the heat island phenomenon and countermeasures.
Grandmother's ashes are in an urn at the temple.
The water temperature's still low so you're not going to swim, are you?
This blog covers topics that centre on information infrastructure.
Into this broad category fall companies that run money lending and insurance businesses.
Also many incidents of robbery by threats and violence are occurring.
There is oil in hair in its natural state.
There's also the danger of unexploded bombs, so they reported it to the police and the area was taped off to keep people out.
Shiroonitake is a poisonous mushroom but it has real presence, and I like it.
Female hormone imbalance is a major cause of infertility.
Today's trivia corner! Today it's about the origin of Calpis.
What should I do to arouse desire in the man I'm interested in?
If you're going to apologise, sooner is better.
What a crank he is!
If you frequently spit-up blood you should call an ambulance or have a nearby physician make a house call.
The reformed Labour Standards Act will be in force from Jan 1st 2004.
Well, I don't think Sara is the sort of girl to bear grudges.
In any case, now I'm considering trying out some likely things.
Do you hate misshapen vegetables?
Thus money in circulation drops, and price escalation quietens down.
No baseball player has been as deified as this man.
For that reason it's always held in a fresh atmosphere, and this time too it was a fulfilling day.
I can tell that you're a daughter who cares much for your parents.
I want to disappear somewhere! I tend to feel like that in sultry summers.
The temporary workers that we managed to employ left work right away.
The cockerel's splendid red cockscomb is thought to play a part in determining gender and breed.
MPEC-4 AVC recording practical test: It was always easy to use, now the picture and sound quality is high too.
Is there some way to check for ovulation?
Moreover, when viewed from the side, the front teeth are protruding.
This is a horror staple - young men and women spend a night of terror in an isolated house.
There are frequent instances of malicious door-to-door selling, such as pushing water purifiers on people after carrying out water quality tests without permission.
There's also a great deal of so called behind-the-scenes work.
Good doctors explain things to patients in easily understandable ways, using anatomical models and such.
"The Nightingale Samurai" is a samurai tale full of humanity and humour.
First, try to confirm the timing by oscilloscope.
When the counter value reaches the assigned 'lucky-number' it displays a congratulatory message.
This year again I found a number of dodgy goods so I'll introduce them all here.
Can we say "No" to America?
"Risk money" refers to funds placed in investments that seek high-return, although high-risk, investments.
"Pet loss" refers to the reactions of shock and anger that occur in owners who have been bereaved of their pets.
Do you all place great importance on morals?
Tektronix's new software perfectly responds to the needs of customers using logic analysers.
However, it seems that just because it's a 'low risk day' doesn't mean that you won't get pregnant from intravaginal ejaculation.
This is a code lock type that you can use on the entranceway as well.
There are various types of wines and the way they are matured varies accordingly.
I tried to take care with the shadows, but it just doesn't go very well.
It is a two level style round burial mound, 23m diameter (lower level), 18m (higher).
The checked player must find a way for the king to escape and block the check.
Furthermore, even after the company information session, we sometimes hold company tours.
It often happens that young shogi players become a little self-important, but I don't think that's something limited to the shogi world.
What you need to take part in business management is the team spirit to work with many colleagues.
The couple who came on a shrine visit, Kouji Oonishi (40) and his wife Yukie (34) said, "We prayed that our child would grow up healthily."
Then, when you're making CG, how should you use light sources?
When one goes to the notary public's office, the following are required.
In dog ethology the leader is called 'alpha'; after that it continues with 'beta' and 'gamma'.
There Akai joins them and it becomes a free-for-all in front of the finish line.
The road across the mountain was narrow, and what's more, it was a steep slope.
Avian medicine - diagnosis and treatment of illnesses.
Please exercise every caution against cowboy salesmen of water purifiers and fraudulent-test sales.
Detailed design is the work of drawing up a diagram that is capable of being manufactured from the plan set in the baseline design.
We recommend that mains water have a water-quality test carried out once a year, well water twice a year.
Hrmmm, to judge from their looks they might be from Shanghai.
I know companies are looking for work carried out flawlessly.
Thank you for looking at my poor scribblings.
Boston Dynamic's robot, RHex, is an amazing piece of work that can run over various terrains.
The point of true mutual understanding has not yet been reached between Japan and China.
The articles of incorporation have finally been completed for our Digital Groove Club.
I'm afraid of discord arising with my husband so I'm turning a blind eye to his mistress.
Robert Hansen was arrested on suspicion of having sold off secret information to the former Soviet Union.
You used a condom for birth control, right?
A protagonist as plain and ordinary as him is rare indeed.
For that reason, temporary workers are working under inferior conditions.
Many tales of alchemy show up in "Journey to the West".
They rarely spoke of the labour problem at their workplace.
How long does it take to get reasonably skilled?
Is she an innocent, or is she just shameless?
2ch, where there are many posts praising specific companies, or, conversely, denigrating their rivals.
Let's get what we need to keep a parrot.
The sensitivity certainly drops if I use a condom, so if possible I'd like to do it bareback.
I also think 'living hell' is putting it too strongly.
He adopted a war orphan and is bringing her up as a foster daughter.
God is the creator. Heaven and Earth and people and everything apart from God are created.
He, being slow-footed, was of course already lagging two meters.
That octopus returned to the sea without being eaten.
That is enough. I have had it with fruitless conversation.
I'd rather not have those written by people who only know their work imperfectly.
"I fell asleep?" "Totally." "Really?" "You were very restless, did you have a scary dream?"
Have I answered your question?
The person who opened the door and came in was an utter stranger.
I also, same as you, don't trust Yahoo Auction ratings.
Keiko isn't as tall as I.
I used to smoke. I was quite a heavy smoker.
I trust that China will go on to take a more active part.
When investigating the pH (acidic, neutral, alkaline) of a liquid, don't soak the litmus paper completely in the liquid but just put the end of the paper in it.
Since primary school we've been checking for the qualities known as acidity and alkalinity with litmus paper.
This skull and crossbones was named based on the world-famous Captain Kidd who was active in late 17th century Britain.
When I looked in a gardening book I was surprised by how many were marked poisonous.
The following verbs only take the to-infinitive as their object.
I've sometimes taken time off work to watch the Super Bowl.
Most of the Melanesians living in Papua New Guinea have very curly hair, don't they?
We offer low-cost prefabricated houses.
The musical instruments and parts are completely professional quality! And yet the prices are lower than anywhere!
The rate of increase in households is higher for apartment houses than for individual houses.
Among the Internet sites that publish information on education related businesses are those given below.
A dead deer being pecked by vultures, remains partly eaten by other animals, that sort of rotten meat is called 'carrion'.
In order to isolate him from bacteria, and such, he is not allowed visitors.
There's no demand for them as tools, so the product line-up is poor.
Powders of aluminium, magnesium, silicon, etc. explode.
The following is thought to be one of the reasons stress damages the stomach's mucous membrane.
The brain waves during REM sleep are the same as when awake, and it's the stage when you have dreams.
I'm told "idiot" is a bad word, but where I grew up it doesn't really feel that bad.
"For how many?" "Three."
Shall we go sightseeing around town?
Cut the quartered pak-choi into, slightly wide, strips.
I don't lose my appetite when I get stressed, rather I can't calm down unless I eat something.
I've also built up a lot of stress from the change in job and work-place.
Miscarriage is a heart-breaking experience.
It's the prevention of migraines during daily life that's important, not dealing with migraines when they occur.
Depending on the results both companies may be put under administrative guidance from February.
For a display where the data items increase and decrease I think you are best making use of a spreadsheet program, not Access.
Please explain the grammar of 'as may be'.
It covers everything from the fundamentals of microbiology to the latest news.
Women - why do they want to go to toilet in groups? I don't get it at all.
Although astrology has no scientific basis, it's very popular and it seems that many people believe in it.
Those good-for-nothing layabouts were sacked.
Basically I like short poems. Among them this poem was my favourite.
There was no damage to the office, or workers, and we're in business as usual.
I think there are probably few Japanese who know this side of the Emperor Meiji, the side that left a song like this.
In Japan solar heat is used more for solar water heaters than for electricity generation.
It seems as it was a shot-gun wedding so they're having a quiet wedding with only family and a couple of friends from university invited.
Disk herniation is when cartilage, called 'intervertebral disk' and found between each vertebra, slips out.
My water broke on the evening of the predicted birth date.
This time I hadn't converted my money yet, so I needed to change Yen into Yuan.
Please don't worry about the finer details of free vs mis-translation.
Me? I can't even begin to draw buffalo, deer and horses so you can tell them apart.
Now that I think of it, I've been asked to look at a haiku he'd written by the tipsy bloke sitting next to me on the train.
Put the lid on and start at high flame, when it boils set to medium flame and boil for about seven minutes.
Normally you'd call 250 yards a great distance for an amateur.
Contact lenses are more able to correct strong astigmatism.
My fifth-year junior school son has transferred into a school in Nagoya from Shizuoka.
I polished for all I was worth. The trouble is that my stock of low-grade gems was surprisingly low.
It gets cold in the mornings and evenings, so I want to take care how I dress.
By the way, I plan to do that for this story's sequel.
Thinking about those sorts of things, I watched "Duck Soup" again.
I have a facial boil. There's a painful lump at the back of one nostril.
Between E->J translations and J->E, it appears that more people want English-Japanese translations.
I was lonely, with nobody to play with.
If long-term beds are reduced, then it won't be possible to do that and normal sickbeds will also be adversely affected.
And how will you take responsibility in the case that this bill doesn't pass?
If you're doing it in fun, I'd rather you didn't come.
Is he the man painted by the newspapers as an up-and-coming scholar?
I'm looking for a school where I can paint portraits.
Near the west side of the park there's a lot of noise from the road, but when you go into the park you can't hear it any more.
Institutionally, a major restraint is the copyright problem.
The grammatical form employed here is the present progressive.
"Software development" isn't "manufacture".
An infinitive without a 'to' attached is called a bare infinitive.
It also has a strong flavour, and adds depth to Chinese food such as soups and stir-fries.
Until Manet painted this picture, his female nudes were limited to goddesses.
Like the saying that things are seen clearest from outside I wish he'd leave the association for a time and take a look at Japanese soccer.
People are cool when they're gutsy, doesn't matter if they're men or women.
That's right, that strange sound was the final death scream of the cooling fan.
2. Sew together the shoulder of the garment body.
A faultless plan is stifling, isn't it.
Today is a non-burnable rubbish day.
That's just standard practise, it's not like they're cutting corners.
If you throw something like that down, if someone's unlucky enough to be hit they'll be injured.
With that as a start many European poems and much literature came to be introduced.
The bloated profits of farmers at the time were something again.
In the OECD survey, northern European countries are keeping their high ranking in tax-rates.
Recently I get leg cramps when I sleep.
Can you return starling chicks to their parents?
Therefore we had to help each other and in that way the bonds between me and my sister were strong.
The basis of this system is that the students must take turns in teaching, they have to help each other.
Machida is an interesting city that's a mix of the old and the new.
The weak point of this book is that it's less than persuasive when the married author recommends not being married.
I'll kill you! Knock your block off and grind you underfoot! You shithead! Die!
In the end the bill was forced into being withdrawn.
His voice was drowned out by the wraith's sudden howl.
I've ended up in my present state from having indulged myself.
No consideration is paid to people who are sensitive to chemicals.
I don't know if he has any special powers or not, but he's probably stronger than a normal human.
The professor who invented it has the right to reasonable remuneration from the university.
How to prepare black porgy: Sashimi, Whatever anybody says sashimi is the tastiest.
For my tastes, I'd prefer plainer, or rather, more tasteful clothing.
I agree on an emotional level, but on the pragmatic level I disagree.
It was April 1905 when a school was built on the site of the theatre.
This is centrifugal force; Newton viewed it as absolute motion.
Week 13: Learn about absolute, and relative, motion.
It's being manipulated by investors trying to make it rich.
In Japan the ring shaped ones came into use first so they're also often called "contraceptive rings".
"Gang Wives" is a Yakuza movie released in 1986 by Toei Distribution Network.
I myself have, before becoming employed by this company, twice spoken bluntly to the people at the top.
I held a wedding ceremony last month.
I got what she was saying.
However the disciples awoke to that danger.
Please don't draw the curtains when the window is open.
People who don't have a computer can't make full use of this MP3 player function.
The daughter was irritated with her mother, who always broke her promises.
Ken, who is a graduate student, went to the United States last year.
Mummy, that man just fell flat on his face!
Is it any of your business what someone's hobby is?
The siren sounded an emergency.
However men, seeking the contents of that safe, kidnap Hana. And those men were really detectives.
The man I thought was the criminal didn't have any connection to the incident.
There's a lot of greenery in Tokyo Midtown!
It has become common practise to employ foreigners working abroad from Asian countries as maids.
This is a highly recommended restaurant.
My boss took me to task for the poor quality of my work.
The pauper was begging for a living.
Once you enter a company, you have to work for the company, whether you want to or not.
She's a plain speaker.
This is my brother. Handsome, isn't he?
That was when I was in the first year at high school, so 17 years have passed since then.
I felt very light on my feet afterwards.
Thank you for reading to the end.
Mum said the same thing. But, so what? It's got nothing to do with me.
A-ha-ha-ha! What a blunder!
It's only the anti-war pinkos who say things like Saddam isn't a threat.
Pac-Man, when a certain condition is reached, can counter attack and eat the monsters chasing him.
We three sisters opened a coffee shop.
The president urged employees to act on their initiative.
The yakuza were tormenting Hiroshi.
Darren is to be put through a trial. If he fails, it's the death penalty!
I thought I could settle it by phone.
The spirit of the treaty was ignored.
The museum's eastern gallery was closed for cleaning.
He's a plain speaker.
Smiling cheerfully, the two began to walk off into their brilliant future.
The downclimb here is also dangerous as there are no handholds.
I suppose that depends on how good you are. I'm counting on you!
I'd like to hear about black magic. I was only told the highlights in the academy, and it interests me.
The contents of the four registers are preserved by the called subroutine.
I've finally got the knack of kendo.
First, in order to get a feel for your favourite author's work, transcribe and copy in full.
It bears fruit, but it seems it may even set root from cuttings?
"Say, you, the lady over there." "Eh?" "Could you give me a bit of advice?"
He's doing in-depth research on ancient history.
As one grows old, one becomes a light sleeper.
Finally dawn broke; the long night had ended.
Good points: The pleasure of disposing of enemies with a variety of combos.
He easily licked his opponent.
If you taste this sauce you'll find it a bit salty.
It's nice to sip and savour drinks other than beer as well from time to time.
I cook, but I'm really crap at it.
The car wouldn't start.
This encyclopaedia is convenient for looking up things.
The bearer of this letter is my friend Suzuki.
It's OK to leave the baby to cry on occasion.
Is it wrong to leave my baby crying?
Are there any knacks, or good sites, for downloading Japanese software?
Which country are you from?
"Dad, this a real sword?" "Of course, it is a duel after all."
The name Cleopatra has become a byword for a beautiful woman.
Hold them there! Don't let them into the city!
What do you think you're doing letting the loyalists into the castle?
How thoughtful of you to have chilled some wine for us.
Watch out! A police spy is snooping around.
Traffic was also disrupted including the suspension of the Akita, Tohoku bullet train.
I expect you've chanted "kuwabara kuwabara" after a lightning flash, or have seen somebody do so.
Mama! That lady and man are holding hands, they're great friends aren't they!
There were many journalists who praised Ogawa with, "bravo, good show!"
This has visual impairment as a side effect.
My daughter's slowness to take action is a pain.
One of the early noticeable symptoms is trouble with urination, but often there are no clear symptoms.
Expressions and smiles change like that just from applying rouge and lipstick.
We really get on and often go to each other's place.
You really put that much in the sandwich?
He said with a perplexed expression, "I've heard nothing, so I can't say anything."
"Might be a bit stiff..." "Stiff?" "I mean the viscosity is too high."
He grinned broadly at us.
"Your order?" "Orange juice." "With ice?" "Yes." "Thanks for your business."
On the Xbox 360 the very first thing he said was "good hardware."
For example, if a chain-smoking teacher cautions a pupil for smoking, that warning is self-contradictory.
When you wear camo shorts, what colour t-shirt goes with that?
The Mozilla Foundation released the latest version of its email/news-client software, "Thunderbird 2.0.0.14" on May 1st.
I use Outlook's scheduler at work and I think I'd like to buy a PDA and synchronize them.
What is it that satisfies your aesthetic sense?
Decision to disallow Medicaid for second cochlea implant withdrawn.
An insulated soft-wood room and a good heater are the absolute necessities for a sauna.
In woodworking, we classify wood as hardwood, softwood or exotic wood.
Hayakawa, the midterm results are out. You're top again!
"Want to drop round my place?" "Can I?" "My parents come home late as they both work."
"So, you'll go out with me if I don't have to repeat a year?" "I don't care for 'what if' stories."
I made sure that children who'd forgotten their red pencil came to borrow one.
My shoelaces came undone.
Wooden buildings catch fire easily.
He held the trophy up high.
He was wearing a threadbare suit.
He took pity on me and helped me out.
She was in a piteous state.
Non-members pay an additional 50 dollars.
I've thought about it, and what we're doing is just not right, so let's break up after today.
I've finally got some vacation coming as of the end of this week.
At the same time, the clerk Natsue Arimura told Gokijo of his intent to resign after this month.
Solve the mystery lurking behind the murder!
Frankly speaking, this 'on board' means "doesn't have a graphics card".
I like to have a deep conversation with a more academic person from time to time.
If there's a good way to sound out whether a woman has a boyfriend or not please tell me.
He wasn't just humouring me. Those were the eyes of someone who really understood my feelings and sympathised.
Khabarovsk is among the largest cities of the Russian Far East.
When did the Japanese start eating polished rice?
The total solar eclipse can be observed next year on June 22nd.
When participants were sought at the end of June all, about 500, seats were reserved in under a week.
I want to work from the taxpayers' point of view.
That's certainly one possibility.
It should be noted that the duty continues after a notice of allowance is mailed and the issue fee is paid.
How much of winning an election is down to looks?
I want to run a Windows 95 game.
"What are you thinking about?" "Nothin'..."
Maria Callas was a famous opera singer.
There was a row of about 20 stalls at the fair.
As a result, we play ball inside on rainy days.
I broke the one I've been using till now this morning while playing with a ball in the room.
I spent three years looking for a good director, but couldn't find one.
Looking outside, it's beginning to rain.
Sorry, "my hands shuddered with the cold" was a bit over the top.
Apparently an old friend of mine is going to a university in Osaka in Spring.
Why are '0.3' pencil leads so expensive?
This is my little sister Sakiko. She was born the same year as me and is now studying for her exams.
The "People's Choice" award, by public polling, was announced again this year and Mel Gibson and Julia Roberts were selected as the most popular male, and female, film actors.
The government put the question to the people in a referendum.
This newspaper is free.
He risked his life to carry out his duty and inspired police officers everywhere.
Why have you kept such an excellent wine back till now?
I recommend putting up your hair so your fringe doesn't get on your forehead.
I also prefer it with the hair worn up.
"From the North Country" is a TV drama produced by Fuji TV and set in Furano in Hokkaido.
I can't look after my parents and such either.
Don't kill off bystanders!
You see I've resolved to follow you wherever you go.
This airport doesn't have as many flights as New Chitose Airport and even looking from the observation deck at first there were no planes.
And there is one more method of climbing up to the slide deck.
The button battery in the PC's internal timer has gone flat.
If you say "I was tricked," well that's certainly so but there's no mistaking that you were the one who signed up on a "sweet deal".
Which joint did you dislocate?
About how much does it cost to have a dentist remove cigarette tar from your teeth?
He said that his previous dentist told him that he'd remove nicotine stains if he stopped smoking.
Stay away from me, I'll catch the stupid.
You should stay away from cults like that before you turn into a moron.
Making light of cavities can be a matter of life and death.
The colour and make of the president's car are?
It could be just right for a warm up.
Never mind that, just take out what you've just nicked from your bag.
In the midst of this, it is IT that has made great progress.
May I please have your telephone number?
What goes around comes around.
It's been 10 days since my boyfriend went to jail.
I'm short-tempered, and a loose-tongued man.
I can spare you just 10 minutes.
You have to learn to put up with this weather.
Good morning!
It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen; by people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the very first time in their lives.
They believed that this time must be different; that their voice could be that difference.
Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been a collection of Red States and Blue States: we are, and always will be, the United States of America.
It's been a long time coming, but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.
I just received a very gracious call from Senator McCain.
He fought long and hard in this campaign, and he's fought even longer and harder for the country he loves.
He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine.
I need that phone.
I congratulate him and Governor Palin for all they have achieved, and I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.
It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice.
And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were.
It is only the chance for us to make that change.
This victory alone is not the change we seek.
What began 21 months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night.
I will listen to you, especially when we disagree.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face.
And we know the government can't solve every problem.
There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as president.
There will be setbacks and false starts.
I promise you, we as a people will get there.
But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there.
We may not get there in one year or even in one term.
The road ahead will be long.
There's new energy to harness, new jobs to be created, new schools to build, and threats to meet, alliances to repair.
Our climb will be steep.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage or pay their doctors' bills or save enough for their child's college education.
Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan to risk their lives for us.
You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead.
And I know you didn't do this just to win an election.
And I know you didn't do it for me.
This is your victory.
It drew strength from the not-so-young people who braved the bitter cold and scorching heat to knock on doors of perfect strangers, and from the millions of Americans who volunteered and organized and proved that more than two centuries later a government of the people, by the people, and for the people has not perished from the Earth.
It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause.
It began in the backyards of Des Moines and the living rooms of Concord and the front porches of Charleston.
Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington.
We didn't start with much money or many endorsements.
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office.
But above all, I will never forget who this victory truly belongs to. It belongs to you. It belongs to you.
I am grateful to them.
To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you've given me.
I miss them tonight. I know that my debt to them is beyond measure.
And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am.
Sarah and Marsha - I love you both more than you can imagine.
And I would not be standing here tonight without the unyielding support of my best friend for the last 16 years, the rock of our family, the love of my life, the nation's next first lady, Michelle Obama.
I want to thank my partner in this journey, a man who campaigned from his heart, and spoke for the men and women he grew up with on the streets of Scranton, and rode with on the train home to Delaware, the vice president-elect of the United States, Joe Biden.
We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long by so many to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time; who still questions the power of our democracy, tonight is your answer.
While the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress.
So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism, of responsibility, where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other.
Let us remember that, if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people.
Let's resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.
Let's remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House, a party founded on the values of self-reliance and individual liberty and national unity.
Those are values that we all share.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends.
Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices.
I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
And to all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
To those who seek peace and security: We support you.
To all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright: Tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
That's the true genius of America: that America can change.
Our union can be perfected.
At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach out for the ballot.
She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.
One that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta.
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations.
What we've already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
They are only bold in what they say.
However, the singer does not deny her ancestry.
Could you explain how the dishwasher works?
As we ate dessert, the desire grew to travel in this country.
And with me, we are yet one more.
NASA says it has sufficient information to say that a human visit to the red planet is feasible.
Is it necessary to expand human knowledge with space exploration?
Mathematics is not detrimental to the appetite.
No student has ever complained of pains in the front lobe of the left side of the brain.
He never goes to school on the bus.
He's a good violinist, is this not true?
I'd prefer not to eat that.
Children who spend more time outdoors have a lower risk of myopia.
The idea that reading makes you short-sighted has been popular for a couple of hundred years.
He studied on his own.
Such pretty flowers!
Do you fancy me?
Are you listening to me at all?
I already told you that she isn't here.
Shall we go to the cinema?
Most people think computers will never be able to think.
Yes, it is. There's a lot of moisture in the air.
I love him more than anything.
What a wonderful world!
I am adding an example sentence.
Thank you for coming!
Woe to infidels.
Sounds great, I'll have a look afterwards.
He's the same age as I.
Since I don't have a job, I can't save money.
Do you mind my turning on TV?
We will be at home today.
What is the date today?
I don't want to work.
I gritted my teeth.
She showed a knack of insults.
With all due respect.
My ear is itching.
If it's free, get as much as you can.
What's he like? He's very nice.
When you're a parent it's important to set a good example for your children.
I get on with him well.
It is more time-efficient to do several tasks sequentially than attempt to do them simultaneously.
I love to dance.
Good evening.
My dad is not at home for the moment.
I do not work.
I am eating rice.
Carrefour's Ham offcuts are not expensive at all, but are nonetheless delicious.
I should stop procrastinating.
I am Chinese.
Who is your Chinese teacher?
I travelled around Europe.
I am the leader of this team.
Japan is the leader of the world's high-tech industry.
She took night classes in the art of self-defense.
The dress fits you very well.
Where does he work?
The radio is powered off.
I arrived at the village before dark.
Some people like volleyball, others enjoy tennis.
I didn't get the point of his speech.
Compared to yours, my car is small.
I wonder if it will be sunny outside.
I know you think you understood what you thought I said, but I'm not sure you realized that what you heard is not what I meant.
The secret to productivity in so many fields -- and in origami -- is letting dead people do your work for you.
She's stubborn.
Daddy told me where it would be nice to go.
The lecture starts at 8 o' clock.
United we stand, divided we fall.
Establish regular prayers.
Wars come and go, but soldiers stay eternal.
Mature is better.
Devil sued God.
Resurrection is at hand.
How can video games inspire us to make better applications for e-learning?
God is dead, and we have killed him.
No one is free; even the birds are chained to the sky.
Know before going.
Coffee and cigarettes.
See with your ears.
Read music, hear fiction.
I can't fall asleep.
"Trasianka" will be equalized with Belarusian language during the census.
I'm very impatient to see the new version of Tatoeba.
I've seen an article on the Tatoeba blog about a new version coming soon. Have you read it?
Pat sneezed the napkin off the table
I need nine hours of sleep.
Say hello to your mum for me.
In places where it snows a lot, kerosene is an indispensable item.
Today I'm going to take my beloved car to the car wash.
My house is near the church.
Can you help me to translate these sentences into Chinese?
Today, I was done with my homework early.
Formerly, this city was beautiful.
The train leaves in 5 minutes.
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood.
My younger sister got married in her teens.
I am tired after swimming in that river.
Can I rest a bit?
It seems she hates you.
It helped me a lot.
You have been missing all these years.
Born in Athens in 1956.
It's the third biggest city of Serbia.
It's raining cats and dogs tonight.
I don't like to go out when it's dark.
Have a nice trip!
I still don't write Chinese well.
What is the weather like today?
Spread Esperanto!
I won't stoop to his level.
I broke a string on my guitar.
This concert was awesome.
I am French.
Does your dog bite?
He said 'Goodbye everyone' and stood up.
I am working.
With his colored clothes, his long wig and his white gloves, one could guess he has run away from some kind of Disneyland.
You don't have to pay for it, that's for free.
I'd like to put my valuables in a safe deposit box, if any are available.
She would sooner translate sentences on Tatoeba than chat with me.
Karin is Austrian.
I have many friends.
Didn't your mother teach you anything? When you meet with scary people always protect your wallet and your arsehole!
This photo was taken in Nara.
You cannot kill yourself by holding your breath.
In 1912, the Austrian tailor Franz Reichelt died jumping off the first floor of the Eiffel Tower while trying out his new invention, the parachute coat, which did not work...
You should behave carefully.
But a man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
Why did you go there?
Once bitten, twice shy.
A long tongue is a sign of a short hand.
Don't you ever come here again!
May I ask your name?
Who is he?
I'm Shanghainese.
May I ask where you work?
The boughs that bear most hang lowest.
Love is never without jealousy.
She is never online, even during her vacation.
Hello, Chicago!
It's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches, in numbers this nation has never seen. By people who waited three hours and four hours, many for the first time in their lives, because they believed that this time must be different, that their voices could be that difference.
It's the answer spoken by young and old, rich and poor, Democrat and Republican, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, gay, straight, disabled and not disabled. Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been just a collection of individuals or a collection of red states and blue states. We are, and always will be, the United States of America.
It's the answer that led those who've been told for so long, by so many, to be cynical and fearful and doubtful about what we can achieve, to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day.
It's been a long time coming; but tonight, because of what we did on this day, in this election, at this defining moment, change has come to America.
A little bit earlier this evening, I received an extraordinarily gracious call from Senator McCain. Senator McCain fought long and hard in this campaign. And he's fought even longer and harder for the country that he loves. He has endured sacrifices for America that most of us cannot begin to imagine. We are better off for the service rendered by this brave and selfless leader.
I congratulate him, I congratulate Governor Palin for all that they've achieved. And I look forward to working with them to renew this nation's promise in the months ahead.
Sasha and Malia! I love you both more than you can imagine. And you have earned the new puppy that's coming with us to the White House.
And while she's no longer with us, I know my grandmother's watching, along with the family that made me who I am. I miss them tonight. I know that my debt to them is beyond measure. To my sister Maya, my sister Alma, all my other brothers and sisters, thank you so much for all the support that you've given me. I'm grateful to them.
To my campaign manager, David Plouffe! The unsung hero of this campaign, who built the best, the best political campaign, I think, in the history of the United States of America.
To my chief strategist, David Axelrod, who's been a partner with me every step of the way. To the best campaign team ever assembled in the history of politics! You made this happen, and I am forever grateful for what you've sacrificed to get it done.
I was never the likeliest candidate for this office. We didn't start with much money or many endorsements. Our campaign was not hatched in the halls of Washington. It began in the backyards of Des Moines, and the living rooms of Concord, and the front porches of Charleston. It was built by working men and women who dug into what little savings they had to give $5 and $10 and $20 to the cause.
It drew strength from the young people who rejected the myth of their generation's apathy, who left their homes and their families for jobs that offered little pay and less sleep.
And I know you didn't do this just to win an election. And I know you didn't do it for me. You did it because you understand the enormity of the task that lies ahead. For even as we celebrate tonight, we know the challenges that tomorrow will bring are the greatest of our lifetime: two wars, a planet in peril, the worst financial crisis in a century.
Even as we stand here tonight, we know there are brave Americans waking up in the deserts of Iraq and the mountains of Afghanistan, to risk their lives for us.
There are mothers and fathers who will lie awake after the children fall asleep and wonder how they'll make the mortgage, or pay their doctor's bills, or save enough for their child's college education.
The road ahead will be long. Our climb will be steep. We may not get there in one year or even in one term. But, America, I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we WILL get there.
There will be setbacks and false starts. There are many who won't agree with every decision or policy I make as president. And we know the government can't solve every problem.
But I will always be honest with you about the challenges we face. I will listen to you, especially when we disagree. And above all, I will ask you to join in the work of remaking this nation, the only way it's been done in America for 221 years; block by block, brick by brick, calloused hand by calloused hand.
What began 21 months ago in the depths of winter cannot end on this autumn night. This victory alone is not the change we seek. It is only the chance for us to make that change. And that cannot happen if we go back to the way things were. It can't happen without you, without a new spirit of service, a new spirit of sacrifice. So let us summon a new spirit of patriotism, of responsibility, where each of us resolves to pitch in and work harder and look after not only ourselves but each other.
Let us remember that if this financial crisis taught us anything, it's that we cannot have a thriving Wall Street while Main Street suffers.
In this country, we rise or fall as one nation, as one people. Let's resist the temptation to fall back on the same partisanship and pettiness and immaturity that has poisoned our politics for so long.
Let's remember that it was a man from this state who first carried the banner of the Republican Party to the White House, a party founded on the values of self-reliance and individual liberty and national unity. Those are values that we all share. And while the Democratic Party has won a great victory tonight, we do so with a measure of humility and determination to heal the divides that have held back our progress.
As Lincoln said to a nation far more divided than ours, we are not enemies but friends. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.
And to those Americans whose support I have yet to earn, I may not have won your vote tonight, but I hear your voices. I need your help. And I will be your president, too.
And all those watching tonight from beyond our shores, from parliaments and palaces, to those who are huddled around radios in the forgotten corners of the world, our stories are singular, but our destiny is shared, and a new dawn of American leadership is at hand.
To those who would tear the world down: we will defeat you.
To those who seek peace and security. We support you. And to all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright, tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.
That's the true genius of America; that America can change. Our Union can be perfected. What we've already achieved gives us hope for what we can and must achieve tomorrow.
This election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations. But one that's on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in Atlanta. She's a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election, except for one thing: Ann Nixon Cooper is 106 years old.
She was born just a generation past slavery. A time when there were no cars on the road or planes in the sky, when someone like her couldn't vote for two reasons: because she was a woman, and because of the color of her skin.
And tonight, I think about all that she's seen throughout her century in America. The heartache and the hope, the struggle and the progress. The times we were told that we can't, and the people who pressed on with that American creed: Yes, we can.
At a time when women's voices were silenced and their hopes dismissed, she lived to see them stand up and speak out and reach for the ballot. Yes, we can.
When there was despair in the dust bowl and depression across the land, she saw a nation conquer fear itself with a New Deal, new jobs, a new sense of common purpose. Yes, we can.
When the bombs fell on our harbor and tyranny threatened the world, she was there to witness a generation rise to greatness, and a democracy was saved. Yes, we can.
She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that "We Shall Overcome." Yes, we can.
A man touched down on the moon. A wall came down in Berlin. A world was connected by our own science and imagination.
And this year, in this election, she touched her finger to a screen, and cast her vote; because after 106 years in America, through the best of times and the darkest of hours, she knows how America can change.
Yes, we can.
America, we have come so far. We have seen so much. But there is so much more to do. So tonight, let us ask ourselves, if our children should live to see the next century, if my daughters should be so lucky to live as long as Ann Nixon Cooper, what change will they see? What progress will we have made?
This is our chance to answer that call. This is our moment. This is our time, to put our people back to work and open doors of opportunity for our kids; to restore prosperity and promote the cause of peace; to reclaim the American dream and reaffirm that fundamental truth, that out of many, we are one; that while we breathe, we hope. And where we are met with cynicism and doubt and those who tell us that we can't, we will respond with that timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people.
Thank you. God bless you. And may God bless the United States of America.
For how long are you in Shanghai?
Look, this is my business card.
What is this animal called in Japanese?
Come in.
Can you change the room for me?
Come on in.
I am not going anywhere.
Slacktivism is a portmanteau formed out of the words slacker and activism.
Don't let the chance slip!
He has dubbed in "Avatar".
I vowed that I would never speak to her again.
Do you have any condoms?
I'm pregnant.
My room is a mess.
My hovercraft is full of eels.
I will keep you warm.
I don't know.
There was an earthquake yesterday.
Art for art's sake.
There's no accounting for taste.
I thought that text box was a search field.
This hall will hold two thousand people.
This hall holds two thousand people.
Let's take a coffee break.
Let's break for some tea.
To each his own.
The colonnade of the basilica of Saint Peter is truly grand and beautiful.
I eat noodles.
We'll soon know the truth.
Act. Don't talk.
Actions, not words.
When he was a child, he went to Paris three times.
Judy looked at me.
If it hadn't been for the seatbelt, I wouldn't be alive today.
On account of having drunk some strong coffee, she wasn't able to sleep all night long.
Time flies like an arrow; fruit flies like a banana.
There sure are a lot of people at Sensouji.
As a child, I liked baseball better than football.
When I was a child, I would often visit him on Sunday.
When it comes to my child, the trouble never ends.
That's unbelievable!
No swimming.
Please don't follow this advice.
Maybe I'll just give up soon and take a nap instead.
I'm leaving.
Unfortunately, it's true.
Hurry it up!
It's always been that way.
We might have frost next week.
The dog looked at his master with anxiety.
Lucy has about the same number of friends as me.
Lucy and I have about the same number of friends.
It is still possible to make a profit when prices are falling.
The printer in Peter's office is broken and doesn't print anymore.
I can't walk another step.
I'm all in.
I like walking alone.
The experiment failed.
The experiment succeeded.
The bus arrived ten minutes late.
The bus was ten minutes late.
How many times a day does that bus run?
Because I didn't take the bus, I'm not home yet.
The scissors won't cut anything.
The hike will take at least eight hours.
Foreign people are amusing.
Ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty.
The whole class is present today.
Everyone in the class is here today.
When is the party?
There were no students who went to the party.
At the party, everyone was wearing beautiful clothes.
Sooner or later, we all are going to die.
As soon as she heard the news, she burst into tears.
When she heard the news, she was not happy.
When he heard the news, he was dumbfounded.
When I heard the news, I wanted to cry.
Her daughter eloped with a young author.
I take a bath every day.
I'm sorry, I love you.
Is this pure gold?
If you know the answer to this question, please tell me.
When in Rome, do as the Romans do.
No place like home.
Good medicine is bitter.
Let me introduce myself.
I'll never be able to look him in the face again.
It was like a bolt out of the blue.
A drowning man will catch at a straw.
Nothing comes of nothing.
The darkest place is under the candlestick.
He is acting like Nelson tonight.
Frankly speaking, his speeches are always dull.
Like his father, he has many books.
She lived a happy life.
I don't like him.
We did not think about the price.
What is your impression of America?
They are all innocent children.
We exchanged glances with each other.
You are very good at sewing.
He likes jelly.
I made a big mistake thinking he was an honest man.
The box was empty when I opened it.
I like cats.
He does not let the opponent come near him.
I asked him why he is so sad.
He amused us with funny stories.
I want to be like Picasso.
I forgot to ask him.
He took it literally.
I keep sneezing.
Don't get upset!
Don't try to make dramatic changes to your diet all at once.
It can happen to anybody.
You are not logged in.
Study these sentences.
Don't hide under the bed.
What's he talking about?
Jon made his company succeed.
He wants a watch just like yours.
I am very tired after a class.
You should pay more attention to your own safety.
This is certainly surprising.
The lion lay in the middle of the cage.
Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
He is not that honest at all.
It is still a little scary.
She managed to get what she desired easily.
From which track does the train to Higashi-Kakogawa leave?
Everyone makes mistakes.
Bill did not say that she should obey him no matter what.
Beat the egg whites until stiff.
Happy birthday, Muiriel!
The young engineer lacked experience.
You sure guessed the critical points of that teacher's exam.
The majority of students here are diligent.
It seems that Mr Tanaka has passed the exam.
Let's decide by coin toss.
He did not understand her joke.
I must fix it.
To meet is to part.
The only person who is tired of waiting for Miss Cobb.
I play board games just to socialize.
In America, people play a different version of mahjong.
I am an entrepreneur.
I am an intermediary who introduces business.
I am a business creator.
Although Go is probably the most popular Japanese game in my country, even Go isn't well known except among some university students.
I am learning Japanese to play mahjong in Japan.
I hope to go to Japan and beat the Japanese in mahjong.
Before beginning to shop at this online store please familiarize yourself with these store policies.
Breakfast is already prepared.
When I moved to the United States four years ago, I had problems adapting to a new language and culture.
I just felt a drop of rain.
Who are you?
Syllogism is a logical argument in which two propositions determine one conclusion.
Why can't Go be popular in Turkey when it is so in Japan?
All men are mortal, all Greeks are men, therefore all Greeks are mortal.
In winter I wear an overcoat.
She gives a careful diagnosis to everyone.
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but names will never hurt me.
I really do not want to go.
That room is filled with a cloud of cigarette smoke.
Some people prefer to live by the moment.
She is living hand-to-mouth.
She used to live hand to mouth.
It seems Tanaka passed her exam.
I sometimes wonder if I am a girl.
Let's not exaggerate the facts.
Don't worry, everything will be OK.
It was only a joke.
Keep the change.
It's nice out today, isn't it?
It looked cheap.
When it is possible for you to meet him?
These games are listed under the adult category.
Is early medieval glass production a continuation of Roman glass technology?
A commission!
The amount of smoke that comes out of an electronic cigarette isn't bad at all.
Then is it war again, after so long a truce?
I perceive myself as my own god.
I would love to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I've got things to do.
If it hadn't been for you, he would still be alive.
I feel much better.
After I returned from Turkey, my Turkish deteriorated.
I think you will be impressed with the answers.
How was the universe formed?
Why do you stifle me so by complaining?
Let the healthy boy learn to suffer.
The movie called "Paranormal Activity" was not that much good.
Let go of your hate.
I will send your money as soon as possible.
Nobody is perfect.
Roman Emperor Caligula had a horse called Incitatus which means fast.
Enough for one day.
Kibune is in Kyoto.
I think that is wrong.
I went to the library to read a book.
Toni speaks English better than me.
All of my clothes are custom made.
It is a truth universally aknowledged that...
It's very romantic!
He is very romantic!
Please send my regards to your family.
This catterpillar will turn into a beautiful butterfly.
See you later!
This is the best kushikatsu restaurant in Osaka.
Forecasting is the way of saying what will happen and then explaining why it didn't.
How many rocks can you see at Ryoanji?
I'm stuffed!
It's been raining all the time recently.
Bored now.
I'm going to Japan with my girlfriend in August.
Happy New Year!
We should sit down.
Well, I'll only take toast and coffee.
Achoo!
This is, even now, an unrealized dream.
I'm fed up with this winter, I want spring right now!
Thank you for the corrections.
It was so cold my ears hurt.
Tuesday was certainly cold.
It was freezing!
Yesterday was Tuesday, 2010, January the 26th.
I'd like to go to Hawaii as well.
I recommend Maui.
Has anybody here been to Hawaii?
All of it was delicious!
Oh, also I took the calendar!
I want to play a game where a noble female knight with the nickname "Light-Speed" freely manipulates gravity.
Though it was the original, Amsterdam, and York, were beaten by New York.
Must be nice...
The 456 billion dollars spent in the Iraq war could provide one year's free education for every child in the world.
There's nothing worse than doing things by halves!!
I play the violin.
However that's only for handsome men.
I'm not your doll.
Cold water, please.
The funny thing about age is that while everyone was young once, not everyone will get old.
No matter how old you are, it is still possible to learn.
The thing that most surprised me since coming to Japan is how many vending machines there are.
I wonder if that country is actually really ready to accept a black president.
I am sitting in a row.
I have been your doll-wife, just as at home I was father's doll-child
At night he goes out for a drink.
Where is this train going?
This is the order.
He is the fastest runner in his class.
Die!
In spring, the dawn.
I'm a man without a woman.
I can't see the end.
He can't sing well.
My mother can't attend.
You can't swim.
The world will smile happily without me.
Although she is gone, I still love her more than anything.
Love is mystery and misery indefinitely.
I will devour you little girl.
Although he is gone, I still love him more than everything.
The problem is we don't have enough money.
This is my second experience flight with plane.
That was the first time I got on a plane.
It's better to give than to receive.
An unconditional love is love without coercion.
Tom is not a lazy child.
Most of my paperbacks are in covers so you don't know what they are until you open them.
It seems that we're becoming more right-wing all over the world.
Fish stocks are declining due to over-protection of whales, so fish that whales can eat should also be protected.
Holding the Olympics where there's severe atmospheric pollution gives rise to a great risk for athletes.
It looks like most people give up before realizing their abilities.
Stories like Cinderella can be found in China, Japan and in every land of the world.
I was disappointed.
Miracles are called miracles because they don't happen!
Around half of middle-school students in Japan have mobile phones, but if you look at those in high school then 97% have them.
I hate people who say that.
He had already gone.
You can't let your guard down for a second around that guy.
This is a dog resembling a horse.
This is a dog that resembles a horse.
In mathematics, a quiver is a directed graph.
... reason? What you're looking for is a pretext, isn't it?
I'll take that as a compliment.
In algebra a monomorphism is an injective homomorphism.
I'm having some problems compiling this software.
Linux is a free operating system; you should try it.
Some of my classmates are pure noobs; they know nothing about computing sciences.
I often use SSH to access my computers remotely.
Most developers hate debugging; it's more fun to create bugs than to correct them.
A typical example of a field is provided by the real numbers.
The proof is trivial.
The proof is left to the reader.
Obviously, the theorem is true for finite sets.
Now, we show how this lemma can be used to prove our main theorem.
Today's pure mathematics is tomorrow's applied mathematics.
Do you understand the concept of the time value of money?
The truth of the holocaust is doubtless.
Do we need more inflation?
My car is broken.
More than ever, a reform of the health care system is needed.
If you ironed Switzerland, it would be bigger than Germany.
I'm staying at my friend's house in Washington City.
The gap in perspective between man and woman on home management.
As the sun rises, the morning mist gradually fades away.
The path stretching from that house to the bamboo thicket was laid with stone paving.
I am a vegetarian.
I am vegan.
Does this food contain any meat?
I do not eat meat, fish, shellfish, poultry or broth.
He moved aside to let it pass.
Their names have escaped me.
Exporters are in dire straights.
You will never beat me, you hear me? Never!
I salute your dedicated work.
Who touched my gun?
At the same time Ismo jumps and baffles the attendants.
The substance can irritate or corrode the skin, eyes, or mucous membranes.
Since the book is about animals, I was irritated that the animals behaved like people.
Apart from a small portion of people, everyone uses the internet more than once a week.
There's a wildlife preserve on the river in town, if you're watching ducks that would be a good place.
Please let me know if you have any questions.
The end crowns the work.
Not for life, but for school do we learn.
When in doubt, in favour of the accused.
All that is allowed to Jupiter is not necessarily allowed to an ox.
I came, I saw, I conquered.
Great is the power of habit.
While I breathe, I hope.
Man is a wolf to man.
My concern is the future.
Men believe what they want to.
It was as gloomy inside the mansion as the sunlight was dazzling outside.
You should always listen to the other side, too.
Vanity of vanities; all is vanity.
The boy certainly wasn't talkative.
The die is cast.
Hawaii, y'know, has a lot of houses with fireplaces, doesn't it? The mornings and evenings over there get cold as well, so people who feel the cold light fires.
I was surprised to come across vending machines that sell cans of coffee, where you can even choose between hot and cold ones.
It is sweet and right to die for your homeland.
The darkest hour is just before the dawn.
Does bump mapping generate more graphics load than parallax?
We met a writer.
The road is long.
Life is a long, long road.
The world is a small village.
Cherries are red.
The competition is fierce.
We are Arabs.
He is smart.
You are my friend.
This is my notebook.
Please behave prudently.
This is not true.
My wife is a doctor.
Music is a universal language.
Thank God.
I have a problem.
There are many factors.
What's important is work.
You are not our friend.
The ambassador returned.
I don't know anything.
He raised his hand.
The students laughed.
A number of experts attended the meeting.
He left the door open.
Did my father really die?
What a sentence!
He is a naughty boy.
He taught me history.
This is a house and that is a mosque.
The door is open.
The pen is broken.
Where is the boy?
Bilal went to school.
This is beautiful, and that is also beautiful.
This book is Ali's.
Karam is a new teacher.
The new teacher is in the class.
I am in a new house.
The car that's in front of me is Karam's.
The teacher is with the school principal.
Did you go to school today?
Who is in the house?
I love Arabic.
What do you like to eat?
Where are you from?
Where is your house?
Where do you live?
What is your address?
The female student that sat in front of the teacher is from Germany.
Some of them are teachers, and some are engineers.
They are my brothers.
They are my sisters.
Which student went out?
Who are these two boys?
How many books did you read?
They are both in the room.
How many pens do you have?
I saw five men.
I have ten pens.
I carried three books.
I passed by four houses.
I have one sister.
The book is easy.
Perhaps the weather is fine.
You are rich.
Bilal is a person of knowledge.
Bilal is educated.
Maryam is a person of good manners.
Maryam is well behaved.
Are you a teacher or a student?
Did you go to Cairo or Alexandria?
Take this or that.
This house is not new.
It's your turn.
I am not from India.
Bilal is taller than Karam.
You are better than me.
Karam is the best student in the whole school.
It looks like you are from India.
It looks like this car is his.
Fatima is the eldest student in our class.
Eleven students received the award.
Since 1990, eleven female students received the award.
If the loser smiled the winner will lose the thrill of victory.
Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
Don't challenge someone who has nothing to lose.
The student came back from London.
The boy is thirsty.
Schools were built.
These are birds.
I shook hands with the former student.
Don't argue when you are angry and don't eat when you are full.
These are two nice pictures.
These are two pictures with a nice frame.
This is a beneficial work.
This is a work that benefits others.
In order to learn from mistakes, we construct a "no blame" system.
When will we stop sitting by and watching?
She finally found her missing keys.
My last husband was really stupid.
He went to the store at the last minute, just before it closed.
He's the last person I would ask help from, because he is completely unreliable.
The speech lasted thirty minutes.
The rainy weather lasted for ten days straight.
Yes, the milk will last till Friday.
He is ill.
He is sick.
The play is at eight o'clock.
I have been to Rome.
She is having dinner.
We are playing tennis this weekend.
My wallet was stolen yesterday.
The women of France are beautiful.
An uncle of mine is a doctor.
The secretary is tired of typing.
There's a monster under my bed.
There's a boogeyman under my bed.
He walked to the house.
He went to the shop.
In the summer, the temperature ranges from thirty to forty degrees Celsius.
Manchester United won the match, four to two.
Where are you going to?
I left your book in the car.
He entered the room after you left.
I'll be leaving in March.
She works in marketing.
Call me again in two days.
Some politicians are considered to have caused that incident.
She spoke to me in Spanish.
It is important to remember who your friends are.
Do you like that?
I'm not sure if I like this one or that one.
It's not that easy to learn a new language after fifty.
From the direction that he was going in, I would say he was headed to town.
The small fork is for your salad, and the large one is for the main course.
He only paid ten dollars for that shirt.
I don't want to do his work for him.
They went to the movies last night.
I like fishing.
Give me the key to this lock!
Give me the key to this castle!
If it rains, call me.
He's at home right now.
The train leaves at nine o'clock.
She's at a meeting.
There's a drinking fountain by the tennis court.
We always walk by the post office on the way to work.
You must have the report done by Monday.
Should we go by car or by taxi?
Hamlet is a play by Shakespeare.
I know him by his first name.
She bought eggs by the dozen.
I'm talking about this pen, not that one over there on the desk.
What did you do this morning?
We are going to the cinema.
Oh, we don't do that here in Spain.
What do you actually do in the office?
I'll do the dishes, since you've cooked.
I may be old, but I can still ride a bike.
They couldn't do anything but stand there and stare.
I am from Norway.
Do you want the green or the blue?
Which color do you like more, blue or red?
She can count from one to ten.
Look for a sign with a big "one" on it.
I only need one onion for this recipe.
I would go to the library if I had a car to get there.
Her father left her the house in his will.
She accomplished the task through sheer will.
Chapter three is the end of the beginning of the book. Stop there and read the critic's comments.
There has to be a way.
Who ate the bread?
When did she leave? Was it at four or five PM?
I can carry those suitcases for you.
She can play the piano.
Can I borrow your car tonight?
This shop has more candy than that shop.
I need more time to finish my homework.
If the statement is true, then we will have to accept the conclusion.
I'll only buy the car if they fix the brakes first.
Do you know if he's coming to the party?
Her new novel will be out next month.
I'm afraid the doctor is out.
The lights are out.
We're out of sugar.
I just have one other thing to do.
The others will arrive in a few minutes.
Not that shirt, the other one.
I'm hungry, so I'm going to get something to eat.
He was so mad that he forgot to eat dinner.
There were twenty or so people there.
What do you want to eat?
What? I can't hear you.
What! You didn't really do that?
"What time is it?" "It's 3:20."
At the time, we were just fifteen years old.
We have eaten there three times.
Turn up the music!
He got up at eight in the morning.
The band upped the number of shows in their tour.
I'm going to London this summer.
You'd better go. It's getting late.
We still have ten miles to go.
I am going to be a doctor.
This book is about a king who loses his crown.
What do you think about the president's speech?
I heard a crash at about ten o'clock last night.
She is smarter than he is.
I would rather sing than dance.
His car ran into a tree.
When Ahmad was a boy, he could climb tall trees.
There are fifty states in the union.
In 1948, a Jewish state was founded.
There are twelve months in a year.
This project will take at least a year to finish.
Keep your hair on!
What is your blood type?
I couldn't help but laugh.
Hasn't the parcel arrived yet?
Have you written down the phone number?
She always got up early.
My cat doesn't like to get wet.
The sun is shining.
This is an interesting book.
This book seems interesting.
It was a new book.
Whose book is it?
This book belongs to the school library.
I'm giving a pill to the cat.
I have to bathe the cat today.
Magnesium is a chemical element.
I don't feel like drinking vodka.
The students are listening to a history lecture.
Her salary is very high.
All these books are mine.
Do you need this book?
Cats don't like water.
She wanted to travel.
Sorry I didn't catch up after, but James was right crook so we left early.
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years.
In the case of patient death during the course of medical treatment, even if there is medical error present, it is not automatically legally considered to be an "unusual death."
Is it normal for male teachers to make eyes at female students?
Do not bend or fold!
I'm very pleased to meet you today.
How have you been recently?
Are you busy these days?
In order to overcome the data gap, I developed a simple methodology.
It's not an impossible request.
Only a few people didn't go there.
The bullet went through his body.
We went through St. Louis on the way to New Orleans.
It was cold here through March.
He failed his exams through not studying enough.
I'm very busy these days!
Auntie Wang, it's me.
You want to drink tea or coffee?
I think she probably just thinks of herself as one of the boys.
Is that anyway to speak to your elders and betters!
Are you serious?
Really?
While there are some people who use the Internet to learn foreign languages, there are others, living on less than a dollar a day, who cannot even read their own language.
Very regrettably, 1,900 square meters of land become desert every second.
It's very interesting that in Chinese the concept of tense does not exist.
The world around you is ... just a little kinder ... even more than you think.
Sorrrry. I couldn't sleep last night, and so I overslept. Teehee!
My mother was a Japanese National Railways station attendant from 1971 until 1987.
I had never heard anyone speak of him before.
He does not know the difference between right and left.
Too bad.
Christmas drew near.
Christmas approached.
When I want to cry, I think of you.
A person cannot understand another person completely.
This town's way of thinking is rotten.
Suddenly my heart hurts.
I'm sorry I'm late replying to your email.
A hundred and fifty diplomats came to that conference.
That museum has a superb collection of Celtic era cultural artifacts.
Today, I want to go home already.
It was proven that fleas living on dogs jump higher than fleas living on cats.
Among wild ducks, it seems there are homosexual necrophiliacs.
Shall we eat this Pocky from both ends?
We're lovers so we hold hands at least, right?
That looked like Mr. Tanaka, but actually it was a shoebox.
Despite being fascinated with English, many Japanese don't even try to study it.
I wonder if the sea level really will rise when the ice at the North Pole melts.
Suicide is a leading cause of death in the country with the longest life expectancy.
It ain't like we gotta sell stuff, you know.
He earns at least $1,000 dollars a week.
He mastered all he was taught.
Mom is about to enter the bath.
Collective responsibility means irresponsibility.
His illness was mainly psychological.
We shall see.
Let's take a look.
He is no longer a child.
She can't drive a car.
I can't stay here forever.
How are you?
I can love.
Hello!
That's a hair-raising thought.
First, remove the burrs.
Her new novel has become a best seller.
She is still financially dependent on her parents.
She will be happy when she gets married.
Defenestrate your clock to see how time flies.
I don't like this watch.
Fresh Reader, three times more interesting than Twitter (IMO)
Around 30% increase in power seen in in-house comparisons with previous model.
He was coming to the airport to meet Mr West.
He is a waiter and also an actor.
He is wearing a wool sweater.
Sawako wants to go to France.
I had a terrible dream.
This school was founded in 1650.
She's a tease.
That's a mindfuck.
I am afraid of dogs.
I was more than a little disappointed.
He lives in Tokyo.
The work must be completed by tomorrow.
I'm French.
Perfect!
The radio is broken.
Do you lend me your radio?
I can understand what you are saying.
I was afraid I should be late.
Some children are swimming in the river.
It's really easy for me to speak Japanese.
I have been to Paris.
He likes traveling and so do I.
He climbed down from the tree.
The price of oil is down this week.
Do you own a computer?
He just missed the bus.
You want another cup of tea? I've just made you one!
I just want a straight answer. Nothing more.
Their punishment was harsh, but just.
I was late because of the traffic.
Thank you!
My name is Wang.
I'm too ashamed.
He comes from Hangzhou.
Can you speak Shanghainese?
I understand it a little, but I can't speak it.
I'm a salesman for our company.
Grab the meat before it burns to a crisp!
The sum of the squares of the legs is equal to the square of the hypotenuse.
He was on the way to the airport to meet Mr West.
No autumn fruit without spring blossom.
You're never going to give in, are you?
What good will that do?
I bumped into Miru at the school gates, just as she was arriving from the girls' dormitory.
Thanks for the invite.
She pressed the child to her breast.
What happened?
Watch out!
You must not be afraid of making mistakes when learning a language.
This verb is normally used only in the third person.
Why does everybody have to reply to them when you can just ignore the cracked-sounding ones?
What! This T-shirt is 3,000 yen? This is a rip-off!
He was assertive by nature.
There are two or three pens on the desk.
Instead of going myself, I sent a letter.
Instead of going myself, I sent a gift.
What is new?
What were you doing?
Now you be good while I'm gone, do you hear?
Is that milk still good?
Each cat has its own personality.
Each of them has his own car.
He felt her hand on his shoulder.
I feel hungry.
Did you see how he looked at me?
Do you know how to fix this TV?
The stock reached its high point last July.
He talks too much.
Shall we go to my place or yours?
He placed the book on the shelf.
The river is six miles deep in some areas and the only way to cross it is using a pulley and a rope.
I am okay.
That was fun.
It is their only choice.
They are watching what's happening closely.
One drop of the poison is enough to kill 160 people.
Cobras are always very alert.
Snakes are -to a certain extent- deaf, but can still hear very low sounds and are very sensitive to smells.
Mayan pyramids and large temples were built elegantly using stone tools.
Kites were invented 2,000 years ago.
Yes, that was amazing. Unbelievable!
Are you ready?
Having reached the rank of prime minister, and with the enthusiastic support of the masses, it seems he is able to wield presidential powers.
Money is heavier than life.
Bill often breaks his promises.
I do not understand.
I don't understand.
We found a turtle in the garden.
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
The hair of the inset of the foot of the stepfather of the mason of Father Pedro is black. Whoever says the hair of the inset of the foot of the stepfather of the mason of Father Pedro isn't black, has the hair of the inset of the foot more black than the black hair of the inset of the foot of the stepfather of the mason of Father Pedro.
This pamphlet is free of charge.
I am honored to be in the timeless city of Cairo, and to be hosted by two remarkable institutions. For over a thousand years, Al-Azhar has stood as a beacon of Islamic learning, and for over a century, Cairo University has been a source of Egypt's advancement.
Together, you represent the harmony between tradition and progress.
I am grateful for your hospitality, and the hospitality of the people of Egypt.
I am also proud to carry with me the goodwill of the American people, and a greeting of peace from Muslim communities in my country: assalaamu alaykum.
The relationship between Islam and the West includes centuries of co-existence and cooperation, but also conflict and religious wars.
More recently, tension has been fed by colonialism that denied rights and opportunities to many Muslims, and a Cold War in which Muslim-majority countries were too often treated as proxies without regard to their own aspirations.
Moreover, the sweeping change brought by modernity and globalization led many Muslims to view the West as hostile to the traditions of Islam.
Violent extremists have exploited these tensions in a small but potent minority of Muslims.
The attacks of September 11th, 2001 and the continued efforts of these extremists to engage in violence against civilians has led some in my country to view Islam as inevitably hostile not only to America and Western countries, but also to human rights.
This has bred more fear and mistrust.
So long as our relationship is defined by our differences, we will empower those who sow hatred rather than peace, and who promote conflict rather than the cooperation that can help all of our people achieve justice and prosperity.
This cycle of suspicion and discord must end.
I do so recognizing that change cannot happen overnight.
No single speech can eradicate years of mistrust, nor can I answer in the time that I have all the complex questions that brought us to this point.
But I am convinced that in order to move forward, we must say openly the things we hold in our hearts, and that too often are said only behind closed doors.
There must be a sustained effort to listen to each other; to learn from each other; to respect one another; and to seek common ground.
As the Holy Koran tells us, "Be conscious of God and speak always the truth."
Part of this conviction is rooted in my own experience.
I am a Christian, but my father came from a Kenyan family that includes generations of Muslims.
As a boy, I spent several years in Indonesia and heard the call of the azaan at the break of dawn and the fall of dusk.
As a young man, I worked in Chicago communities where many found dignity and peace in their Muslim faith.
It was innovation in Muslim communities that developed the order of algebra; our magnetic compass and tools of navigation; our mastery of pens and printing; our understanding of how disease spreads and how it can be healed.
Islamic culture has given us majestic arches and soaring spires; timeless poetry and cherished music; elegant calligraphy and places of peaceful contemplation.
And throughout history, Islam has demonstrated through words and deeds the possibilities of religious tolerance and racial equality.
I know, too, that Islam has always been a part of America's story. The first nation to recognize my country was Morocco.
In signing the Treaty of Tripoli in 1796, our second President John Adams wrote, "The United States has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Muslims."
And since our founding, American Muslims have enriched the United States. They have fought in our wars, served in government, stood for civil rights, started businesses, taught at our Universities, excelled in our sports arenas, won Nobel Prizes, built our tallest building, and lit the Olympic Torch.
So I have known Islam on three continents before coming to the region where it was first revealed.
That experience guides my conviction that partnership between America and Islam must be based on what Islam is, not what it isn't. And I consider it part of my responsibility as President of the United States to fight against negative stereotypes of Islam wherever they appear.
But that same principle must apply to Muslim perceptions of America. Just as Muslims do not fit a crude stereotype, America is not the crude stereotype of a self-interested empire.
The United States has been one of the greatest sources of progress that the world has ever known.
We were born out of revolution against an empire.
We are shaped by every culture, drawn from every end of the Earth, and dedicated to a simple concept: E pluribus unum: "Out of many, one."
Much has been made of the fact that an African-American with the name Barack Hussein Obama could be elected President. But my personal story is not so unique.
Moreover, freedom in America is indivisible from the freedom to practice one's religion. That is why there is a mosque in every state of our union, and over 1,200 mosques within our borders.
That is why the U.S. government has gone to court to protect the right of women and girls to wear the hijab, and to punish those who would deny it.
Of course, recognizing our common humanity is only the beginning of our task.
Words alone cannot meet the needs of our people. These needs will be met only if we act boldly in the years ahead; and if we understand that the challenges we face are shared, and our failure to meet them will hurt us all.
For we have learned from recent experience that when a financial system weakens in one country, prosperity is hurt everywhere.
When a new flu infects one human being, all are at risk.
When one nation pursues a nuclear weapon, the risk of nuclear attack rises for all nations.
When violent extremists operate in one stretch of mountains, people are endangered across an ocean.
And when innocents in Bosnia and Darfur are slaughtered, that is a stain on our collective conscience.
That is what it means to share this world in the 21st century. That is the responsibility we have to one another as human beings.
This is a difficult responsibility to embrace. For human history has often been a record of nations and tribes subjugating one another to serve their own interests. Yet in this new age, such attitudes are self-defeating.
Given our interdependence, any world order that elevates one nation or group of people over another will inevitably fail. So whatever we think of the past, we must not be prisoners of it.
Our problems must be dealt with through partnership; progress must be shared.
If you arrive home before me, please feel free to have a few drinks and relax.
The notice in the park said "Keep off the grass".
That does not mean we should ignore sources of tension. Indeed, it suggests the opposite: we must face these tensions squarely.
And so in that spirit, let me speak as clearly and plainly as I can about some specific issues that I believe we must finally confront together.
The first issue that we have to confront is violent extremism in all of its forms.
Because we reject the same thing that people of all faiths reject: the killing of innocent men, women, and children. And it is my first duty as President to protect the American people.
The situation in Afghanistan demonstrates America's goals, and our need to work together.
Over seven years ago, the United States pursued al Qaeda and the Taliban with broad international support. We did not go by choice, we went because of necessity.
I am aware that some question or justify the events of 9/11. But let us be clear: al Qaeda killed nearly 3,000 people on that day.
The victims were innocent men, women and children from America and many other nations who had done nothing to harm anybody. And yet Al Qaeda chose to ruthlessly murder these people, claimed credit for the attack, and even now states their determination to kill on a massive scale.
They have affiliates in many countries and are trying to expand their reach. These are not opinions to be debated; these are facts to be dealt with.
Make no mistake: we do not want to keep our troops in Afghanistan. We seek no military bases there.
It is agonizing for America to lose our young men and women.
It is costly and politically difficult to continue this conflict.
We don't like the rain.
Betty killed his mother.
Marie is helping his mother.
They weren't able to discover any secrets.
She hugged the baby to her breast.
He submitted his written opinion.
One hair of a woman draws more than a team of oxen.
Fine. And you?
Where is the nearest bench?
Why did you paint the bank red?
Please go to the bench.
His objective is to become a teacher.
Do you speak English?
Clean the room.
Canada has a cold climate.
In Venice, there are always lots of tourists.
I have a question.
Will they break the ten-second mark in the hundred-metre race?
When will he be back?
A poet looks at the world as a man looks at a woman.
In Nara there are lots of deer!
I didn't know that song.
He is in hospital.
I have a dog.
I saw a dog.
My sister is fond of music.
My sister adores music.
Sally is two years senior to Ken.
My sister often cries.
Where is the telephone book?
The worm bends.
The river invaded the whole region.
Good question!
The Shitennouji is the most ancient temple in Japan.
You must not eat too much ice-cream and spaghetti.
Hackers find new ways of infiltrating private or public networks.
I want to go to Kyoto.
Because of the fog, the airplane has been rerouted to Munich.
I want to go to Tokyo.
Today, I saw a star.
Today, I saw a starling.
The problem will be easier to solve if you write the system of equations as a matrix.
At the atomic scale we observe quantum mechanical effects that can not be explained by classical mechanics.
Most computers these days are based on the von Neumann architecture.
Most computers made today are equipped with multi-core processors.
The surface of a balloon is not an Euclidean space, and therefore does not follow the rules of Euclidean geometry.
Vectors need not correspond to a physical quantity; anything can be a vector space as long as vector addition and scalar multiplication is defined.
He began to suspect something was wrong when the seller didn't allow him to test the item before buying it.
My name is Andrea.
Next summer, I want to go to Hawaii.
How far have you got on that job?
Who was the man killed on the hill?
You are looking for your key.
It snows.
Is it true?
That name is Ken.
On the dictionaries there's nothing but dust, at least on mine.
It is snowing.
Can you please tell me where the nearest public telephone is?
We also have lenses in our assortment.
We also have lentils in our assortment.
There is a melon on the table.
There is a bowler hat on the table.
It's twenty past six.
Don't worry about it, I'll go myself.
Since I broke my foot, I'm walking with crutches.
Do you want to go?
Goodbye! When you have more time, come back and play!
I am right-handed.
No matter how you say it, I'm not going to listen to you.
It was less than fifteen dollars.
Latin is a dead language.
They can fish.
There is more moorland in Northern Germany than in Southern Germany.
There are more pagans in Northern Germany than in Southern Germany.
I don't ever want to see you again.
Most of the students here are diligent.
My surname is Zhou.
Don't forget the receipt.
Sorry to trouble you.
So I'll come see you off.
Stay for a while.
They were hungry.
I'm an atheist.
I was accustomed to heat.
Children hate annoying teachers.
I'll call you my boss.
This ugly yellow reminds me of the color of your bedsheets.
No one knows her name.
No one knows their name.
I found the empty box.
He is Li Ying.
You are an idiot!
That dress really becomes him.
What the hell is this?
I don't understand what you're trying to say.
Foreigners astound me.
Only the Portuguese language has mesoclises.
Could you change my room for me?
It was his wish to go to Paris.
Shall we go home?
That sounds interesting. What did you tell him?
His garden is a work of art.
His eyes were shining with joy.
You didn't tell her anything?
I gave her what little money I had with me.
I decided on telling him of my love.
I decided to tell her that I love him.
I decided to tell him that I love her.
I plan to watch a game at the baseball field the day after tomorrow.
I have a memory like a goldfish.
He emphasised carrying out promises made to the people, but he failed to uphold many commitments.
He believed the Earth round.
He bought flour and oil in quantity.
He bound twigs in faggots.
He admitted the visitor to the living-room.
He believes there to be a spy among us.
He boasts himself an artist.
The question is where should we park our car.
He's crazy about you.
Nicolas dedicated a script to me today.
The boy began to scream.
Why doesn't he come back?
I want a camomile.
A child is playing harp.
I already told you he isn't here.
Have you eaten yet?
Will Gore stand as presidential candidate?
Butter, bread and green cheese; whoever can't say that is not an upright Frisian.
The boy stroked the girl on the chin and kissed her on the cheeks.
He is my friend. Do you guys know him?
I can't tell you the truth.
I play the piano.
She wants to be a heroine.
She can't be happy with us, let her go.
He needs money.
I'd rather give up than have you taken by another woman
We don't know him.
Today I'm working a little late so as to avoid a rush in the morning.
Let's take a tea break.
Don't talk rubbish.
I want a cup of tea.
I can't stop thinking about that.
She came to me and said something that I didn't understand at all.
He misses his family.
She lost her money, her family, her friends.
Can you teach me how to steal?
Can you teach me how to fly?
Do you have that in blue?
You really exaggerate returning at this time.
It wants five minutes to nine.
It's getting late. I gotta go.
This is Mr. Smith.
He was discovered unconscious on the floor of the kitchen.
He said hello to the woman.
This isn't Mandarin, it's Shanghainese.
Sometimes, things are more beautiful when you look at them from a different angle.
I see tears in your eyes.
In the distance I hear the sound of softly murmuring roads.
I have to leave you.
The girl sings and dances and then laughs at me.
He'll become a father soon.
The sun has been shining over our country for ages.
As always, I could only hope the police wouldn't stop me.
Only people who enjoy life ride a bicycle and always are there faster.
Today I love the entire world.
I don't remember your name.
Everything is upside down.
A banker's life is difficult.
Magda marries a Spaniard.
Maciek lost his life in December.
In the morning, the birds started to sing.
What are you crying about, sweetheart?
Every evening, a nightingale would sing us songs.
Unfortunately, my birthday is only once a year.
Nobody would visit me on my birthday.
The sun is rising already.
I know that all of this is just a game.
I don't know why in my dreams, she isn't there. Maybe she doesn't want to be there not to disturb me.
He greeted the lady.
I remembered my mother, who died suddenly.
I dedicate this book to my daughter.
Is there an elevator?
I don't remember!
I couldn't stand looking at it.
I have two nieces.
Did it not occur to you to close the windows?
If you could assist me, it would be a great help.
Diane is your half sister, too.
I am just a traveller who seeks the purity of the soul.
omg a n00b pwned me!
I want to speak about my love.
Nobody speaks to me.
I see fireworks!
I think my German is really fucked up.
No, I'm not afraid of ghosts.
We met on Sunday.
Today is a national holiday.
It's raining cats and dogs.
That village has changed a lot from how it was 10 years ago.
I don't have a spare shirt.
I have a lot of flowers.
This flower is a type of rose.
What was the weather yesterday?
Is this a recent photo?
Well, OK. Continue.
You feel lonesome, don't you?
Xiaoming Wang has never been to America. He really wants to go next year.
You have to pay special attention to what you eat and drink.
Whenever I hear this song, I think of his smile.
She said she will go to Paris in August.
It's too bad the college dining hall doesn't have fig cookies.
So sorry to keep you waiting so long.
The bell rang.
If possible, I'd like to travel around the world.
Excuse me, what time is it?
You're so beautiful!
Hearing about what other people are learning reinforces my own learning.
Won't you have another piece of cake?
Can I offer you another piece of cake?
That bell rings at eight.
Nicolas means that romanization of the Cyrillic alphabet is as beautiful as the sun, which burns your eyes when you look at it.
We look up to him because of how polite he is.
Write a paragraph by using adjectives to describe the person's appearance.
You can drink water, but you can also pass it.
You can drink water, but you can also let it be.
You should apologize to her for being so distant.
You can drink water, but you can also let it walk.
Why did you paint the couch red?
Jane is not such a bad person.
I don't know how to thank you.
Different people believe in different things, but there is only one truth.
When you have things you don't understand written on you, what will you do, if you get unexpected results?
Fishing often starts to go with the start of the Ayu season.
She is recognized to be an expert on linguistics.
Dear passengers! If you get on a means of transport and don't have a season ticket, punch a one-time ticket without waiting for the next station.
They claimed that he'd killed her.
This vending machine was destroyed by hoodlums last night.
She thanked for the present.
That's dead normal.
Is that okay?
Who still takes time for a long letter to a friend?
Do we care?
We are both looking for something that isn't there.
I'm making far journeys, seeing foreign countries, doing things I never did before.
I was drifting about aimlessly.
I was searching for something that didn't exist.
I just can't forget about you.
Is it really all over?
I don't have a sword.
Why don't you give me what I want to have?
If you say, "I love you," then I will also say that to you.
You just don't do anything wrong.
I love you just as you are.
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons, and then a prince on a white horse would chop off the dragons' heads and liberate me.
"When will you come back?" "It all depends on the weather."
What's the weather like there?
The plane was three hours late due to bad weather.
The weather forecast said tonight it will rain.
Will the weather be good tomorrow?
May the force be with you.
"Are these cars yours?" "Yes, they are mine."
I can teach you how to drive.
He painted his bicycle red.
The train leaves at 6 o'clock.
He is learning how to drive a car.
He is not a good driver.
I will give you a bike for your birthday.
How long does it take to get to the train station?
My bike was stolen last night.
Whose bike is this?
This is my bike.
This bike needs to be repaired.
His bicycle is blue.
Oh, I know this man!
My Chinese teacher is a man.
I am a man.
The party was a success.
After eight months passed and his broken heart healed, George eventually started dating girls again.
Some people like sports. Others don't.
My dad doesn't like soccer.
I don't like working at the bank.
He really likes baseball.
Do you like music?
He likes hunting.
Ogai is his favorite author.
I always enjoy listening to classical music in my free time.
She likes cooking for her family.
He likes oranges.
Nobody likes war.
Mike really likes animals.
Nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition!
I don't like school.
I really like the concept of this website.
It's hard to say what the weather will be like tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, I'll just stay at home.
I need to know tomorrow.
Are you going out tomorrow?
I'll go shopping tomorrow.
I'll stay at home tomorrow.
If it rains tomorrow, we'll stay at home.
If it rains tomorrow, I won't go to the picnic.
Don't be late to school tomorrow.
Tomorrow is Christmas.
I hope I can see you at Christmas.
Rabbits stuck their noses out.
This city is cold and lonely without you.
We have three airplanes.
Lemma 5 cannot be generalized to arbitrary artinian rings.
In particular, the endomorphism ring of M is a commutative local ring.
He stopped reading newspapers.
A module is said to be semisimple if it is the sum of simple submodules.
"A is equivalent to B" has the same meaning as "A is true if and only if B is true".
Prove that P is a poset.
Prove that P is a partially ordered set.
I'm going to be late for school!
You have dealt well with Your servant, O LORD, according to Your word.
The fastest way to travel is by plane.
How could I be a robot? Robots can't dream.
Computers are complicated machines.
This factory manufactures CD players.
It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice.
Dogs have a keen sense of smell.
Even if he does something bad, he'll never admit it.
A cat came out from under the desk.
Let's start the party.
I wonder if she'll recognize me after all these years.
You have three cats.
I'll never forget your kindness as long as I live.
People love to check out each other's houses.
It's a little cold today.
This data isn't accurate at all.
The moon is already out.
I expect him to come at any moment.
That kind of thing can't be found just anywhere.
He was drunk and forgot to shut the back door.
Can you tell silver and tin apart?
Do you know the difference between silver and tin?
Whose house is across from yours?
He's the most valuable player on our team.
Are you related to the Nagashimas?
You should apologize to your father for not getting home in time for dinner.
The house is burning.
He came even though I told him not to.
Please hand this in at the front desk.
Let's begin.
Let's start!
He swims better than I do.
He's accustomed to traveling.
The court declared him innocent on the charge of murder.
That program is now being broadcast.
I forgot to telephone him today.
Generally, women live 10 years longer than men.
Women usually live 10 years longer than men do.
Living a busy life, he usually doesn't see his family.
I have a high fever.
He left the house without saying goodbye.
"That's cheap. I'll take ten yards," the girl answered.
In order to buy a foreign car, he worked very hard.
He worked very hard so he could buy a foreign car.
We have time to spare.
I'm not yet used to writing business letters.
There are still a lot of dishes on the table.
What are your weekend plans?
What're your plans for the weekend?
John is a member of the swimming club.
John is in the swimming club.
What he likes is jelly.
He's out taking a walk.
In Japan, the new semester begins in April.
He glanced over the newspaper before turning in.
We can't trust him because he often tells lies.
Grace goes to the telephone upstairs.
Grace goes upstairs to the extension telephone.
Do you know whether or not Grace is at home?
Mr. Grey didn't enjoy his work.
Grace looked angry.
Graham Greene is one of my favorite authors.
Graham Greene is a favorite author of mine.
I need to do some shopping since Christmas is coming soon.
How many more days are there until Christmas?
Please wrap it like a Christmas present.
Christmas is soon, right?
Christmas is soon, isn't it?
Christmas is soon.
Christmas is just two weeks from now.
Christmas is December 25th.
On Christmas Day, Tom's right leg was still in a cast.
Make your airplane reservations early since flights fill up quickly around Christmas.
What did you buy her for Christmas?
Christmas is coming.
Christmas is coming soon.
Have a good Christmas.
He's afraid of dogs.
Ken's dog is very big.
I have a black and white speckled dog.
I don't have time for reading.
I find this book is very difficult to read.
Are you really going to London to study?
This book is really difficult to finish reading in a week.
Of course I should read this book.
I have never read such a scary novel.
How do you say this word?
He spent the evening reading.
He is in college.
He reads the newspaper every morning.
If you learn Chinese well, you can go study in China.
All but she answered the question.
I prefer mature cheese.
Don't tell anyone our plan.
He is American.
Who is that woman in the brown coat?
The man you saw yesterday is my uncle.
Kent is a born leader.
How many people are there in your family?
Can anyone pronounce this word?
This bomb can kill a lot of people.
Nobody believes what I say.
I see a woman wearing black.
This is the house where she used to live.
This is the pencil that she used to write it.
Without water, we cannot exist.
Put the egg into boiling water.
We can depend on her to help us.
This fruit is shaped like an orange and tastes like a pineapple.
We know that she was born in Canada.
Please give me a cup of water.
You can't drink seawater because it is too salty.
This river flows rapidly.
While I was talking on the phone, she came to see me.
Many homes were washed away by the flood.
Fresh fruit is good for your health.
You told me that she was kind and she really is.
This bottle is able to contain two liters of hot water.
Water is made up of oxygen and hydrogen.
Due to the water shortage, all the flowers in the garden have died.
Oil and water don't mix.
He earns twice as much as me.
Strictly speaking, the tomato is a fruit.
He wiped the sweat from his face.
He's picky about suits and ties.
Are you Chinese or Japanese?
He came back from China.
He leaves for China tomorrow.
When I met her the other day, she asked about my parents.
When I was about to leave my house, I got a telephone call from her.
As far as the teacher was concerned, she was a joy to teach.
For the teacher, teaching her was fun.
I don't know her.
It's high time for bed.
That table cloth urgently needs washing.
If you don't finish your plate in three minutes, you won't get dessert.
If you're cheeky once more, I won't read you a story tonight.
Put on your hiking shoes and don't let any time be lost.
"Do you know where my key is? I don't see it anywhere." "You must be looking for it with your eyes closed, then, cause it's on the table as always."
When I opened my eyes again, all of a sudden an unknown lady was standing right in front of me.
In the room there was a piano, but there was nobody who played it.
Upstairs there were four made beds, but on three nobody ever slept.
Twice a week the gardener would come to mow the grass, so I could never lie and read in the long grass.
At the end of the path there was a mailbox. One day, there was an exciting letter in it, and it was for me.
When I was little, grandpa and grandma would come to baby-sit. At night in bed grandma would read to me. Or grandpa would tell a story.
Mother was afraid I would get dirty.
Maybe he liked the idea.
It's still just as before here.
There's no hot water on the fifth floor, but there is on the ground floor.
There's no hot water on the fourth floor, but there is on the ground floor.
Can you tell Jane and her twin sister apart?
He swallowed detergent by mistake.
Chinese characters are very beautiful.
I saw it in the newspaper.
This is a good newspaper, isn't it?
Can I have a look at your newspaper?
Some people read the newspaper and watch TV at the same time.
This is a free newspaper.
Where is the newspaper?
That shop sells newspapers and magazines.
He is a recent convert to Catholicism.
She will worm the secret out of him. I had better trust her with it at once.
I couldn't stand a life without pleasures!
I think Obama will win. It'll be a walkover!
You can do it. It'll be a cakewalk!
I want to make a book cover like the leather-bound books that you get in Myst and Riven.
I just got done with my French exam. It was a piece of cake!
The mayor is said to be on the take.
He blamed me for the mistake.
He regained consciousness three hours after the accident.
I feel a little guilty that I didn't invite him to join the celebration.
I broke the lock opening the door.
This shop is open from 9 to 6 o'clock.
It is very dangerous to jump aboard the train when it is moving.
As for me, there is nothing more I want to say.
The church is at the foot of a mountain.
The top of the mountain is covered in snow.
I have climbed Mt. Fuji.
Mt. Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.
No other mountain in the world is as tall as Mt. Everest.
All the villagers went into the mountains to look for a missing cat.
The summit of Mt. Fuji was covered in snow.
That man asked me who I was, but I didn't think it was necessary to answer that question.
That man grabbed the young girl's wrist.
The man robbed her bag.
The boy is wearing glasses.
The people stood up and began to sing.
A lifetime is short, but feels long.
She came here as soon as she heard it.
She kept me waiting for 30 minutes.
She kept me waiting for half an hour.
She made me wait for half an hour.
She slapped his face.
He is tall and handsome.
Sometimes I walk to work, and sometimes I ride my bike, because I live very close to work.
How are you today?
I'm happy, 'cause I'm learning some Dutch.
How to say XXX in Dutch?
How do you say XXX in Dutch?
And you, how are you?
I need to take a shower.
The cows behind my house only eat tulips.
I hope to soon know much more than a few sentences in Dutch.
She felt sympathy for the orphan and gave him some money.
The story is that Mary wants a divorce.
I've heard that Mary wants a divorce.
It cost a lot of money to repair the car.
It cost $300 to get the car fixed.
May I borrow your car?
How about stopping the car and taking a rest?
People who drive cars should wear seat belts.
You must be careful when you drive a car.
You should be careful when you drive a car.
You need a license to drive a car.
To drive a car, you need a license.
He confessed that he had committed the crime.
He said that he wanted some money.
He asked her how to drive a car yesterday.
She's popular, not because she's beautiful, but because she's kind to everyone.
She went for a walk.
She might be taller than you.
Does she have a piano?
She's worried since she hasn't heard from her son for many months.
She's worried because she hasn't received a letter from her son for many months.
How did she get to know so much about fish?
She usually gets up early.
Did she come here to relax?
Does she have enough energy to take a long trip?
Can she endure a long trip?
Is she so stupid that she believes such a thing?
Is she so stupid that she believes that kind a thing?
It seems that she is keeping that secret.
She'll almost certainly pass the test.
I hear that she's a famous actress.
It's said that she's a well-known actress.
I hear that she is a famous actress.
I believe that she has never told a lie.
Not only does she keep house, but she also works as a school teacher.
Not only does she do house work, she is a teacher.
Because of her, he lived a miserable life.
Please be careful not to break this vase.
Please be careful that you don't break this vase.
It might have been Miss Satoh who sent these flowers.
These flowers can be seen around Hokkaido.
These flowers are beautiful, aren't they?
These flowers aren't only beautiful, but they smell nice.
These flowers have a unique smell.
The Shinano River is the longest river in Japan.
The insurance payments depend on the use intended (work or leisure).
First you'll be asked if you're on business or leisure.
Mariko speaks English well.
Mariko is good at speaking English.
It was because of her that he lived so miserably.
She spent many days knitting a sweater for him.
She made him a new suit.
She coaxed him out of his dark mood.
She helped him overcome his sadness.
She helped him get over his bad mood.
If you find a mistake, please leave a comment.
There are no comments yet.
She thought that he was wasting electricity.
She helped her younger brother finish his picture.
Whenever I hear that song, I remember my youth.
When I hear that song, I remember my younger days.
When I hear that song, I think about when I was young.
She succeeded in getting him to tell the truth.
She successfully got him to tell the truth.
She hired him as a programmer.
She employed him as a programmer.
She hated him.
She disliked him.
She didn't like him.
She hated her husband.
She didn't like her husband.
She disliked her husband.
Bill doesn't like the fact that his father smokes a lot.
Bill hates that his father smokes heavily.
Her stern look got him to quit talking.
She had no intention of quarreling with him.
She didn't plan on having a fight with him.
He died a few days before his hundredth birthday.
She handed him the key.
She saddled him with the work.
She assigned him to the job.
She assigned the work to him.
She laid the work on him.
Mary is at a loss about what to say to him.
Mary doesn't know what to say to him.
Mary doesn't have a clue about what she should say to him.
She walked around looking for him.
She began to like him right away.
I started liking Mary as soon as I met her.
She liked him right off.
I fell in love with her the moment I met her.
I never thought that they would like their teacher so much.
She spends a lot of money on clothes.
She told me which clothes would be good to wear.
She is careless about the way she dresses.
She doesn't pay much attention to how she dresses.
She doesn't care how she dresses.
She wore a beautiful dress.
In other words, she became a good wife.
She helped the old man across the street.
She made the boy into a fine man.
She raised the boy to be a fine person.
She testified that she saw the man.
She has no sense of beauty.
She has an eye for beauty.
She gave her seat to a senior citizen.
She gave up her seat for the old person.
I gave my seat to the old lady.
On crowded buses young people should give their seats to old people.
To see him talk, you might think he's a girl.
In Aesop's Fables is a story called "Sour Grapes".
The teacher recommended that I read Shakespeare.
The men are wearing short sleeve shirts.
Boys tend to look down on their younger sisters.
She wants to buy a car, but she can't afford to.
She kept working even though she was tired.
She was tired, but she kept working.
She kept on working.
She kept working.
He was tired, but he kept working.
He worked from morning till night.
He continued working all day.
He worked last night without taking a break.
I have a high temperature.
Of course she passed the test.
You may have mistaken Jane for her sister.
You might have mistaken Jane for her sister.
I'll always remember your kindness.
I'll never forget how kind you have been.
She has two sisters. They live in Kyoto.
She has two sisters. Both of them live in Kyoto.
She has two sisters. Both live in Kyoto.
Even after all of my objections, she left home.
She always carries a Bible.
She always looked happy, but never was.
She always studies while listening to music.
She answered my letter right away.
She answered in tears.
She was crying as she answered.
She argues just for the sake of arguing.
She turned eighty-one.
She is now eighty-one years old.
I found out that the woman I thought was a nurse was actually a doctor.
I learned that woman I thought was a nurse is, in fact, a doctor.
I now understand that the woman I thought was a nurse is a doctor.
She became a teacher when she was twenty.
She called me many times.
She was able to cross the Pacific Ocean by boat.
She succeeded in crossing the Pacific Ocean by boat.
She got me to believe that story.
She complained about my low salary.
She complained that my salary was low.
She talked as she walked.
She really wants to lose weight.
She was accepted to Harvard.
She was accepted by Harvard.
She got to the other side in 30 minutes.
She got to the other side in 10 minutes.
She was surprised when she saw the ghost.
She was surprised when she heard the news.
She was very surprised when she heard the news.
She was aware of her parents' eyes.
She became aware that her parents were watching her.
She was dressed in wool.
The fat woman was holding a monkey.
Did you know that men who regularly take the birth control pill don't get pregnant?
Close the shutters and draw the curtains. There must be as little light as possible.
She was promoted.
I do it because I want to.
She was in a hurry.
He hurried down the road with long strides.
She was in a great hurry.
Kate was forced to read the book.
She was moved to tears by the story.
I was moved to tears by the story.
She was very happy with my gift.
She was appointed chairperson.
She spent all afternoon cooking.
She was busy with household work.
She was busy with housework.
She was run over by a car.
She was hit by a car.
The dog was hit by a car.
She came very near to being run over by a car.
She was almost hit by a car.
He was almost hit by a car.
I was almost hit by a car.
The old man was almost hit by a car.
Of course she can speak English.
She can speak English, of course.
She can play tennis very well, but I can play as well as she can.
She can speak French and she speaks it fluently.
She was not in the mood for lunch.
She didn't feel like eating lunch.
She felt like taking a walk.
She was about to go out.
She was wearing pumps.
She caught colds often.
She was susceptible to colds.
Short skirts have already gone out of fashion.
Short skirts are already out of fashion.
Those shoes are a perfect match for this white skirt.
Those shoes go well with this white skirt.
She left here right away.
She went to the museum by cab.
She went to the museum by taxi.
She went to the Takasu clinic.
She went to a movie the other day.
My father suggested that we go to the movies this afternoon.
Let's go to a movie.
She cried when she heard the news.
Upon hearing the news, she burst out crying.
When she heard the news, she broke down crying.
Upon hearing the news, she broke down crying.
She wept bitterly.
She cried bitterly.
She cried as she read the letter.
She'll certainly keep the promise she made to him.
When you go, I'll miss you very much.
She squeezed the juice from many oranges.
Keiko, do you have any buttered toast?
Though she was alone, I didn't think she was lonely.
I've never seen him in jeans.
I've never seen him wearing jeans.
I think it's strange that Alice should keep silent for such a long time.
I thought it would be difficult for her to get the tickets.
I'll stay at home the next time she comes.
I hope that Mary passes the examination.
She may come.
She might come.
In my opinion, she is correct.
In my opinion, he is correct.
I'm sure that she has arrived at the village by now.
I'm surprised that she did such a thing.
I have a feeling that she will come today.
I've not heard that she will come.
I haven't received any notice that she's coming.
No matter how hard I try, I will never be able to catch up with him.
No matter how hard I try, I can't do it any better than she can.
I can understand what she is saying.
Mary came in.
She stood out because she was wearing a red dress.
Her red dress made her stand out.
Wearing a suit, he stood out.
He stood out because he was wearing a suit.
Both of the girls are wearing white suits.
He lied to us.
He told us a lie.
He likes watching TV.
He likes watching baseball games on TV.
He likes to watch baseball games on TV.
He enjoys watching baseball games on TV.
She said that I should come home soon.
She told me that it would be a good idea if I came home soon.
What she bought there was a camera.
It took me a while to understand what she was trying to say.
It's strange that she came home so late at night.
As soon as she opened the door, a cat ran out.
As soon as we sat down, she brought us coffee.
As soon as it stopped raining a beautiful rainbow appeared.
As soon as the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
Immediately after the bell rang the teacher came into the classroom.
Right after the teacher finished the class the bell rang.
As soon as she heard the bell ring, she answered the telephone.
She answered the telephone as soon as she heard the bell ring.
She opened the letter quickly.
It's true that she's dead.
It's obvious that she's sick.
The coat that she said she wanted was very expensive.
The coat she said she wanted was extremely expensive.
The campaign was successful and she won the election.
The court ordered her to pay the fine.
Green suits Alice.
Green looks good on Alice.
I saw Shin'ichi in Kakogawa yesterday.
What the teacher said got Mary to study harder.
What the teacher said encouraged Mary to study harder.
The time will come when she'll regret it.
The bathtub overflowed while she was talking on the phone.
There are only five minutes left till the train leaves and she hasn't appeared.
She isn't at home now.
There's a rumor going around that she got a new job.
They asked Kate to babysit their child.
We are men.
We are boys.
He often attributes his failures to bad luck.
Certainly she is correct.
I'm sure that she's correct.
She's correct for sure.
What do you think she is doing now?
What's she doing?
Who cares when she gets married?
She took the entrance exam yesterday.
He was admitted without taking the exam.
He was admitted to that school without taking the exam.
She was annoyed because she had been kept waiting.
She gave up smoking.
She quit smoking.
"Leave me alone," she said angrily.
She may realize later what I meant.
She left here in a hurry.
He can read well.
He can read pretty well.
He can read.
He can read well enough.
Kate is very energetic.
This is a wooden table.
Let's decide what needs to be decided, then let's split into two teams, OK?
She was crying with pain.
She was crying in her room.
She was wearing a heavy coat to protect against the chill.
She was watching the dead leaves fall.
Mayuko was very tired.
She achieved her goal.
She accompanied her mother as she bought shoes.
We'll cross that bridge when we come to it.
Beijing is the capital of China.
Here's my flag for Nynorsk. Because the philosophy of Nynorsk is based on the maximum divergence from Danish, Danish background of the flag is to be replaced with Icelandic, because Icelandic served as inspiration for the language creators. The flag is not rectangular in form, because... Well, that Nynorsk is strange after all.
Dorenda really is a nice girl. She shares her cookies with me.
The center is an ideal.
She is Mr. Uda's secretary.
Miss Sato is the president's new secretary.
She is a famous singer.
She is a well-known singer.
His favorite baseball team is the Giants, but he likes the Lions, too.
His favorite baseball team is the Giants, but he also likes the Lions.
Compared to his father, he is shallow.
Compared to his father, he lacks insight.
Since he was tired, he was sitting on the sofa with his eyes closed.
As is often the case, he eats while reading a newspaper.
At first he had trouble getting used to his new house.
At first he had trouble adjusting to living in his new house.
At first he didn't know how to do his new job.
At last he attained his goal.
He attained his goal.
They attained their goal.
Finally, he attained his goal.
Finally, he reached his goal.
Finally, he achieved his goal.
At last he reached his goal.
At last he achieved his goal.
He reached his goal.
He achieved his goal.
They reached their goal.
They achieved their goal.
At last, he became aware of his own mistakes.
At present he lives by himself and the rest of the world means nothing to him.
Being careful about his health, he seldom gets sick.
He seldom gets sick because he is careful about his health.
He almost never gets sick because he is careful about his health.
Though he was a child, he made up his mind to do the work himself.
Even though he was a child, he worked hard to help his mother.
Compared to his brother, he's not so wise.
Being deeply thankful, he tried to express his thanks.
During the first year of the study, he learned he himself had ALS.
During the first year of the study, he learned that he himself had ALS.
While he was sick, he lost a lot of weight.
While he was sick, he became very thin.
Everyone says that he looks just like his father.
He failed many times, but he had no feeling that it was a waste of time.
Even though he had made many mistakes, he didn't have any regrets.
Even though he was poor, he was happy.
He's still sick in bed.
He has a good reputation no matter where he goes.
His salary is low so he has to do odd jobs.
Just as many memories of the past and feelings are stored up in the body as in the spirit.
Do you need as many licenses as you have operating systems installed in a multi-boot PC?
We'll give you as many bonus miles as the normal air miles!
Please leave a message after the beep or drop some candies in our mailbox.
A small spark often kindles a large flame.
Hello, it's me, Nancy!
How do I open the bonnet?
His heart misgave him.
I have no small change about me.
You have done these things, and I kept silence. You thought that the "I AM" was just like you. I will rebuke you, and accuse you in front of your eyes.
Be sure and remember to write a letter.
The old man is possessed of great wealth.
The day being fine, we went swimming.
He is intelligent.
Why, is she weeping for joy?
He found his parents.
Not just 'child's independence'. Parents must also become independent of their children.
She is independent of her parents.
I live on my own and don't depend on my parents for money.
Even pigs can climb a tree when flattered.
Great men are fond of sensual pleasures.
I'll have a coffee and a croissant.
I heard that he was very rich.
There's nothing as precious as love.
These oranges have rotted.
I have a terrible headache. I just took two painkillers. Let's hope it goes away.
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
Tom said, "budge over," forced his way in and sat down.
Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary.
I wanted to show it to you too.
The friendship of a great man is a gift from the gods.
What is your age?
You must observe those rules.
Certainly you may well be right.
How much money have you obtained?
How do you make your money?
Symmetry is boring.
Justice is the constant and perpetual desire to give to each one that to which he is entitled. Jurisprudence is the knowledge of matters divine and human, and the comprehension of what is just and what is unjust.
My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?
Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue.
Why is machine translation useless?
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
War is not a natural disaster like an earthquake or a tsunami. It does not come without warning.
A cat will forget three years of kindness in three days, feed a dog for three days and he will remember it for three years.
When the cat is not there, the mice are dancing.
When the cat's away, the mice will play.
I am a cat. I don't have a name yet.
I have recklessness in my blood. Since the time I was a child, I've only managed to hurt myself.
Life is more hellish than hell itself.
Love is merely a lyrical way of referring to lust.
Freedom is akin to the rarified air of a mountain top. Weak men cannot bear one or the other.
A fool always believes that it is the others who are fools.
A facet of genius is the ability to provoke scandals.
Out of all the attributes of the gods, the one I find most pitiable is their inability to commit suicide.
Life is as a box of matches. Treating it cautiously is foolish, not treating it cautiously is dangerous.
Those who do not know the sadness of love may not speak of it.
During the past 2 or 3 years, many Japanese have been killed or injured in traffic accidents while traveling overseas.
Love is a great contradiction. You cannot live without it but at the same time you will be hurt by it.
I will tell you what love is. It's very embarrassing.
Love is a pill made from a great many people's sufferings.
When it comes to love, women are experts and men eternal novices.
There is nothing abnormal in having a child around forty.
Love is the miracle of civilization.
People are most angry when they feel they are being mocked. That's why those who are confident in themselves seldom become angry.
In life as with omelets, the timing is important.
The shepherd always tries to persuade the sheep that their interests and his own are the same.
Absolute privacy on Facebook is an illusion. It doesn't exist in reality.
I want to think that parents are more important than their children.
A few days ago, my girlfriend Sophie moved from Edmonton, Alberta to Victoria, British Columbia.
We guarantee the cheapest price for a French language school in Quebec, Canada.
French from Quebec is spoken by more than 7 million speakers.
I came to Toronto at the beginning of June.
Looking at his email address, would you say he's American?
Psychology, which studies the human mind and human behavior, builds knowledge by observation and experiments.
The Paris syndrome is a type of culture shock. It's a psychiatric term used to describe foreigners who start living in Paris, drawn to the image of the city as a center of fashion, don't adapt well to the local customs and culture, lose their mental balance and exhibit symptoms close to depression.
It has happened that people sleeping with the fan on have experienced a freezing of the stomach, as well as a local air pressure stress leading them to feel unwell.
As strange as it may be, he met with somebody who is said to be dead.
When you are constantly told no smoking, no smoking like that, you start thinking, maybe smoking really is a threat to public morals or something.
After a heated discussion, a compromise was adopted. Smokers will be allowed to smoke in the smoking corner.
The Lockheed scandal is a worldwide corruption scandal involving the major American plane manufacturer Lockheed. It came to light in February 1976 and revolved mainly around the acceptance of passenger plane contracts.
The Japanese Dentists Association affair is an incident concerning secret donations from the Japanese Dentists Association to Diet members belonging to the LDP.
The Recruit scandal is a corruption scandal concerning public officials and politicians who accepted as bribes undisclosed shares from the RecruitCoscom company. The shares had been rising steadily.
Bribes are something that arises in conjunction with power organizations.
"Metroid Prime 3: Corruption" is a videogame by Nintendo sold exclusively for the Wii.
There are two or three persons with two cars.
This scandal will soon be well known.
Silvio Berlusconi is an Italian politician, the current Prime Minister of Italy, as well as a successful entrepreneur.
It's very difficult to transport them overland, but simple to do so by sea.
Suppose for a moment that pigeons had something in their heads which could sense magnetic fields.
Seagulls cause all types of disturbances by cackling loudly, spreading guano, tearing up garbage bags and attacking to get food.
According to a Cornell University study, unattractive defendants are 22 percent more likely to be convicted than good-looking ones.
On that matter, he and I don't agree.
I noticed that he had stopped.
Don't be shy.
I asked him to begin his trip at once.
I asked him to leave at once.
I told him to leave the room.
In Korea, there's a popular theory that says that: "If you eat a quarter of an Iceberg lettuce, you will fall asleep". Thus, amongst truck drivers in Korea, lettuce is known as something that should not be eaten before work.
I want to live in Italy.
Cream is a white and light yellow liquid composed of concentrated proteins and fat.
I will never see him again.
Can you tell me your address?
She idled away many hours on the beach.
Can you show me the way please?
I love cats so much, I can't help it, I'm a crazy cat lover.
Is there anybody who would like to go see a live concert of Lady Gaga with me?
When the tip was a lone dime thrown into a glass, the waitress would raise the glass while hastily preparing the table for the next customer. She would then spill the water and that would be it.
This room is quiet.
I like walking by myself.
He's kind to me.
It rained as soon as he got home.
In this foreign country, people at the bus stop were calmly waiting for the bus, sitting on their haunches.
Belgian fries are the best in the whole world!
Before, when we still had guilders, everything was much cheaper than now with the euro.
A terribly loud beep resounded - the microphone produced feedback.
What you get from far is tasty.
In May, all birds lay an egg.
Note that the maximum doesn't always exist.
If f is not an epimorphism, then it factors through g.
Maybe I should add some sentences without translations too. It's a very quick way to improve the rating of your language.
You have to take a tablet with a glass of water two or three times a day.
If you want to become big and strong when you grow up, you have to eat a lot of spinach and peanut butter sandwiches.
When you fall off the stairs, you're downstairs quickly.
This message turned out to be a little hard for me to write.
Do you come here every night?
On my bed is a coloured bedspread, which my grandma once made.
Love is giving something one doesn't have.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Impossible is not French.
A society without religion is like a ship without a compass.
Men of genius are meteors destined to burn in order to illuminate their century.
All men want money.
He decided that if God didn't exist then everything was permitted.
God, please give me chastity and continence, but not yet.
God provides the wind, but man must raise the sails.
I decided to be happy because it's good for my health.
If God did not exist, we'd have to invent him.
Let him that would move the world, first move himself.
Those who spend too much time traveling become strangers in their own country.
God is an infinite sphere whose center is everywhere and circumference is nowhere.
The heart has its reasons, which reason does not know.
It is man's natural sickness to believe that he possesses the Truth.
Curiosity is nothing more than vanity. More often than not we only seek knowledge to show it off.
As the train went by, Tom caught a glimpse of the driver.
Don't believe what she says.
These are cakes that she baked herself.
I don't like her face.
They replied that because all 61 beds in the obstetrics/gynaecology department were full, no admissions were possible.
In the event that asbestos-covered mesh is found, ensure its safety by damping the asbestos portion to prevent dust release and wrapping in a plastic bag.
The explorer pushed his way through the trackless mountain region.
To hell with conventions!
I like her younger sister very much.
We can't tell her and her younger sister apart.
He loves traveling.
He loves taking trips.
There are those, who, in distress, seek the help of other people's prayers, but have no mind to pray for themselves.
Youth must have its fling.
Hurry slowly.
It's by smithing that one becomes a blacksmith.
After the rain, fair weather.
I'll be at home the next time she comes.
Please wait here until he comes.
Nobody knows where he has escaped to.
Nobody knows where he has gone.
I can't understand what he is trying to say.
I think it's a pity that he lied.
I have a feeling that he knows the secret.
When he comes, I'll pay the money that I promised.
It's just ten degrees, and he is walking around outside in a T-shirt. I get cold from just looking at him.
If the ball hits you somewhere else than on the head or hands, you're out.
Archeology is a science that studies the activities of human beings and their changes through the study of the traces left by them.
There was a report from the neighbours because a drunkard was making noise in the park. When the police officers arrived at the scene, Kusanagi was alone, dead drunk and completely naked.
From the corridor, you can reach the living room, the kitchen, and the toilet, or you can take the stairs upstairs, where the bedrooms and the bathroom are.
The room was full of bugs, millions of small, wriggling bugs with lots of legs.
Is this what you wanted?
There were assassination theories but it was not clear who would have killed him and for what reason. Even now the truth about his death is unclear.
Being crazy is healthy.
Everyone is here except for him.
I won't let him come here again.
He stole my wallet.
Why did you come here?
He can do it better than I can.
He's three years older than me.
He's three years older than I am.
He is the more capable of the two boys.
I pretended not to understand what he was saying.
I couldn't understand his joke.
I didn't get his joke.
What he said is probably correct.
I'm opposed to what he said.
I don't know and neither does he.
I don't know what day he'll come.
I resent the way he treated me.
I've heard that he won't be in this country for a long time.
He'll get well soon.
To my way of thinking, that was his mistake.
I think that it was his mistake.
Who is younger, him or me?
Benjamin called the sense of awe and reverence experienced before a great work of art "aura".
What is this?
This is a DVD.
Is this your DVD?
No, this is my son's DVD.
I see the good student.
Take a good look, I'll show you how it's done.
A prudent bird chooses its tree. A wise servant chooses his master.
Life's a ruin without you.
Don't sugar your tea.
This is not cool.
You should return what you borrow.
Borrow and return, then you can borrow again. Borrow and don't return, and then the borrowing gets difficult.
I beg you, give me a visa.
Finally!
When Vin Diesel does pushups, he's not pushing himself up - he's pushing the Earth down.
Much better to be woken by the birds than by an alarm.
I know everything.
Does objective history exist?
I'm photographing the woman.
The fellow is here.
The woman is reading.
The house is pretty.
I see the fellow.
I'm repairing the house.
I'm running from the girl.
I'm looking at the house.
I'm writing the fellow.
I will tell the woman what I know.
I'm sending her to California.
Just as water, gas, and electricity are brought into our houses from far off to satisfy our needs in response to a minimal effort, so we shall be supplied with visual or auditory images, which will appear and disappear at a simple movement of the hand, hardly more than a sign.
In this time of the year the roadsides are in full bloom. You can find there, for example, a lot of cow parsley, rapeseed, and dandelions.
My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!
If you smile, I'll be happy.
These are completely different opinions.
Before, young ones used to ask me to draw them a sheep, now they want me to teach them how to make a commit. Times, they are a-changin'.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that Augustine's thought had an influence not only on Christianity but on the whole of Western thought.
A man who concentrates before a work of art is absorbed by it. In contrast, the distracted mass absorbs the work of art.
My father used to travel.
My bus is late.
My children are at school.
Stop thinking of me as just an average person.
I was made to go against my will.
I wondered to hear her talking of death, when, to all appearance, she seemed as well as we had ever seen her.
Let's jump the protection circuit.
If he is not rich, he is at any rate happy.
I was at a loss as to what to do.
Ask and you shall receive.
It doesn't matter which, just pick three books.
The day being fine, I felt amply repaid for my walk through the extensive and finely-wooded grounds, numerously stocked with deer.
The sunshine improved his color.
Today was a very tough day.
I think he could be the one who took the stolen money.
It is normal practise to contact the company's home office in these kinds of cases.
How are you doing? I haven't seen you for an age!
We were asked what our rights are in respect to CCTV monitoring at work.
And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet.
I haven't heard of him since then.
So what do we do now?
It is better to keep your mouth shut and appear stupid than to open it and remove all doubt.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
The government is looking for ways to monitor online chatter about political issues and correct what it perceives as misinformation.
Lack of sleep is bad for the body.
I have some time, but never very much...
Please.
When cleaning the classroom, a few students carry the podium.
He has no chance of succeeding.
I have a problem urinating.
How was the French class?
A guest should not try to make himself superior to the host.
It's impossible not to be fascinated by his beauty.
I wonder why.
Even though I really want to know his name, I don't have enough courage, and I'm afraid to go ask.
Excuse me, who is this woman?
It has been shown that there is a relation between various neurotransmitters and hormones and aggressive behavior.
The most visible forms of aggression are often seen between prey and predator.
Interspecies aggression is oriented towards goals related to reproduction.
I have been more than once intoxicated, my passions have always bordered on extravagance: I am not ashamed to confess it; for I have learned, by my own experience, that all extraordinary men, who have accomplished great and astonishing actions, have ever been decried by the world as drunken or insane.
Blood is a juice of rarest quality.
Age does not make us childish, as they say. It only finds us true children still.
A true German can't stand the French, yet willingly he drinks their wines.
He who does not know any foreign language knows nothing of his own language.
I have no idea, I'm not so well up on that kind of matters. You'd better ask that gentleman over there.
Because of this it will probably be generally cloudy and rainy weather over tonight and tomorrow.
Squad Leader Justin, a blip's appeared on the hyperspace radar!
Contrary to expectations, they won with ease.
It was the first time I'd walked along the Mogami River.
It isn't a problem as long as I come back into the room right after finishing smoking, is it?
Off-target. My opponent hadn't been hit.
Please be certain to answer the phone.
I got two Bs this semester.
The tomato crop is of good quality.
We used emergency measures to revive the cardiac arrest patient.
I'll come straight to the point. You're fired.
Beggars can't be choosers.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
I think you will find it convenient to put a short-cut on the desktop.
I don't want your pity.
I went on the trip, leaving the house in her care.
It seems that the stuff about the fine was made up.
I think you can't understand that feeling unless you're from the same generation.
I often listen to soothing music in order to relax.
The Balkan Mountain range runs across Bulgaria from west to east.
I made very short work of the big steak.
The researcher suggested promising directions for treating the cancer.
The course of action is unclear.
The Cabinet sent round an official notice.
What this club is today is largely due to the effort of these people.
I'm really flattered to hear that.
Kazuko bared her breast and fed the baby.
Thursday Island is situated in the Torres Strait between Australia's northernmost Cape York and New Guinea.
Is this supposed to be a currant bun? You almost need to cycle from one currant to another, so few are there.
People taking pharmacy with the intent of becoming chemists should choose the six year course.
We have new data about production and sale of electric fly swatters worldwide.
This technology is an incredible thing!
Be just before you are generous.
I bought a new sweater and I'm as pleased as Punch with it!
Be silent, or speak something worth hearing.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
Could you lift that pan for me, then I'll put this mat under it.
Beggars cannot be choosers.
I'm not the least bit scared of you.
The cheapest is the best.
Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow.
We'd probably be best off beating them to the punch before they notice that fact.
At this language centre, about 15 international languages are taught, including English.
Of course "Hayabusa" is not actually closing in on the Sun, it is just positioned as in the figure so that, seen from the Earth, it is on the opposite side of the Sun; this is called 'conjunction'.
What he says is nonsense.
Many old people choke to death while eating mochi.
With North Korea's announcement on the 26th of its nuclear development plan based upon the agreement stemming from the Six Party Talks, and the United States' commencement of procedures to remove North Korea from its designation on the list of State Sponsors of Terrorism, the families of abductees have expressed growing unease that it may constitute an abandonment of the abductee issue.
He had no other clothing than that which he was wearing then.
Tighten the defences! They're coming!
The only evidence was the traces of semen stuck to the underwear.
It was a mistake for such a young parent to have, and raise a child.
You have no fever.
While he was giving the speech, the sound of a gunshot could be heard.
"Give me another bottle," he said.
My father often reads the newspaper during meals.
It's bad manners to do that kind of thing during meals.
Be quiet while we are eating.
We want you to behave yourself during meals.
He said that it would probably rain.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I understand what he's trying to say.
He's a hopeless case.
What is it that you want to achieve, whatever it takes, before you die?
He's just got a large build, so he looks like he'd be a fighter, but he's probably really a pushover.
Take out a matchbox and a needle and thread.
I didn't know that he was there.
He's addicted to Starbucks coffee.
I don't know when he'll come next time.
He will come soon.
According to the newspaper, he committed suicide.
The concern is whether he'll read the letter or not.
The question is whether he'll read the letter or not.
This car was cheap enough for him to buy.
This is the house where he lives.
This is the house where he lived.
This is the house where he was born.
This is the house where that poet lived when he was a child.
In that word is included the meaning of matching up to somebody's particular wavelength.
There is also one type of idealism that says even without strength or intelligence you can do anything if you can merely persist.
Adherents of various religions live in Belarus.
"Oy, what's up, Tanji?" "I'm having trouble because there's a unit I didn't take at my last school."
Shu, you're eating too much. You'll get fat!
Apparently the wound itself only needs a few stitches.
Uninstall method: Chuck the whole folder into the recycle bin.
That won't work!
Summer is over.
For man, there is no beast more scary than man.
Germany is a parliamentary republic.
Does milk spoil quickly?
Nutella is not very well known in Japan. However, in America and Europe it's a popular spread and various sized jars of Nutella may be seen lined up inside many grocery stores and supermarkets.
When the dog tried to bite me, I held him down by the neck and thoroughly scolded him.
Oh my little sister, why won't you say anything to me?
Bustle up, you boys!
Hasten, my lads!
Compared to many other countries, the average intake of trans-fats per person in Japan is low and it is hypothesized that it does not have a strong impact on health.
The Miami Heat is a pro basketball team part of the NBA and located in Miami.
The presentation of this website is sometimes confusing.
I like summer, but I can't stand the heat.
What with the heat and the humidity, he couldn't sleep well.
Please do that again.
In its home country, France, Tatoeba became a social and cultural phenomenon.
I burst out laughing when I saw him.
I didn't have the courage to tell her the truth.
I'm in love with her.
He loves her.
It's said that she loves him.
They say that she is in love with him.
Does it sound like I'm in love?
It's true that he is in love with her.
I felt that I should help her.
I think she is charming and attractive.
She became a true friend of mine.
I made her angry.
I bought her a watch.
I have two cousins.
I'm counting how many people there are.
Oh no, I accidentally sawed off my finger! What should I do?
Do you have a bucket of water for me by any chance? I have a flat tyre.
"Stop begging for a cookie, Tim," his mum said, "Remember, 'Children who ask get skipped.'"
If you do it a bit slower, it goes quicker.
Do you have a bucket of water for me by any chance? I have a flat tire.
A nail penetrated the car tire.
I had intended to call on her last Sunday.
I just met her on the street.
I think of her as my closest friend.
I love you more than I love her.
It's also scary when the lightning strikes across the sky, but what's really scary is the sound. Once, my house was struck by lightning and since then I've become even more scared.
In the Netherlands, if a child is too insistent on asking for a cookie, he might be punished and get no cookie.
I have my year-end exams in 2 days, yet I'm not studying at all.
There are problems that Japan might not be able to solve independently but which it might be able to solve in cooperation with Korea.
A woman in movement clothed in what resembles a bikini is drawn on a Sicilian mosaic from 5th century Rome.
I met her on the way to school.
I met her late that evening.
I sent her a doll.
I successfully persuaded her and we went on a date.
I saw her doing that with enthusiasm.
I tried to forget that she had cried.
I tried to erase the memory of her crying.
Looks like it's not that easy, huh?
I was disappointed that she was not at home.
Having asked Jordan to watch after the house, I went out.
She plans to break up with her boyfriend.
I plan to break up with her.
I won't see her again.
I think all my efforts to help her will just be a waste of my time.
I'm going to stop her from ever doing that again.
I don't feel like telling her the truth.
I'm responsible for protecting her.
I don't feel like meeting her now.
It's no good trying to persuade her.
My words angered her.
I've never met her.
I'll never see her again.
I didn't receive even one letter from her.
The doctor started to examine her.
I didn't know which to take. I looked for a station attendant but didn't find one.
There's water in Ashland, too.
A lot of children don't hear the difference very well.
I also hope for sunny weather at the weekend.
Answer the following questions in English.
What's the difference between a village and a town?
In the morning I always wake up around seven o'clock.
Two plus two makes four.
In the evening, I go to bed at ten.
Where does your grandpa live?
What's the matter?
I told her that you're a nice girl.
He works at a scientific institute where linguists, literature scholars, historians, sociologists, economists, and other scholars investigate everything that has to do with gnomes.
Every year, the organisation organises a number of meetings of volunteers who go door-to-door to sell Frisian books.
The accident took her son away from her.
The more you get to know her, the more you'll like her.
Brothers Grimm's Little Red Riding Hood has a neutral gender, while Charles Perrault's has a masculine one.
That dress fits her perfectly.
The student is optimistic, but his advisor is a pessimist.
The more I listen to her, the less I like her.
The red dress looked good on her.
The red dress suited her.
That red dress looks good on her.
That red dress suited her.
The girl in the red dress ignored the man dressed in black and called a friend on her cellphone.
Stay away from me.
Most Englishmen are conservative.
There's no hiding the fact from her.
You can't hide the fact from her.
On your mark, ready, set, go!
Heroes always arrive late.
You should apologize to her for that.
Do you have one that's cheaper?
Cheap meat doesn't make good soup.
I'm going to the Number Four hospital.
A star shines on the hour of our meeting.
Her family can't help worrying about her injuries.
Her parents can't help worrying about her injuries.
I asked her out on a date.
That's a great poem.
I found a rare stamp at that store.
I can't stand him.
I can't remember the melody to that song.
I couldn't agree with his opinion.
I don't feel well today. That well water is the reason.
Switzerland needs better apples.
I'm interested in the society page of that newspaper.
There were holes here and there.
I bought a VCR at that store for a low price.
I know that boy who is running.
I know those women.
I know those girls.
Every time I meet him, I think of my father.
I like that singer a lot.
I called up my friend to congratulate him on his success.
I think it was a mistake that he didn't take my advice.
I was disappointed in him.
I went with the women so that I could guide them around Nagasaki.
Can we sit at the table over there?
I want to get that classic car no matter how expensive it is.
That's the computer he used to write the article.
Does your new computer run well?
The weather will be good tonight for sure.
Sooner or later he will tell me everything.
I called you, on the one hand to invite you out to eat, and on the other to tell you my son is going to get married.
No one knows if he loves her or not.
He hasn't got a bicycle.
I saw him three years ago.
I still need to go to Pudong at 12:30.
She is known as the Japanese Picasso.
Giraffes have very long necks.
Make good use of this opportunity.
How come he didn't show up?
Only then did I realize that I had left my wallet at home.
I don't have an excuse.
Can't you give me a lower price?
I think he's happy.
I have something that I want to say to him.
Even Dwarfs Started Small is a 1970 film by German director Werner Herzog.
It's obvious that he lied.
Let's go drink a cup of coffee at that coffee shop over there.
Let's drink some coffee or something at that coffee shop over there.
When Fred hears loud music, he gets annoyed.
That guy annoys me.
This annoys me.
This continuous noise annoys me.
I think it's very difficult for an Englishman to imitate a real American accent.
Whales are very large mammals that live in the ocean.
Show me an example.
As is often the case with him, he made a mistake.
He never listens to what his father says.
Bill often doesn't keep his promises.
I forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.
I forgot to bring my health insurance card.
I forgot your phone number.
How are you, Mrs. Jones?
I found the lost cat that its owner had been looking for for a long time.
If I had known his address, I would have written him a letter.
My father gives my mother all of his salary.
She has very nice-looking handwriting.
She has beautiful handwriting.
She writes beautifully.
I took the 10:30 train. However, it was ten minutes late.
The river flooded the entire region.
If you oversleep, you'll end up hungry.
Students spend a lot of time playing.
Milk does not keep long in hot weather.
Today, I was supposed to study at the library but I woke up around 12 o'clock.
I didn't mean to!
It's not clear right now whether time travel is really something that exists in reality but its possibility has been proven by theoretical physics.
Sustainable development is the concept of the current generation utilizing the environment and meet human demands while not harming the ability of future generations to satisfy their own demands and interests.
His face turned pale.
His house could be seen from the top of the hill.
His mother is taking care of him.
He thinks that planes are safer than cars.
I believe the actions that he took were right.
I think the actions he took were right.
I borrowed this comic from his sister.
I don't feel that I can trust what he says.
I can't remember his explanation.
I couldn't live up to his expectations.
I couldn't meet his expectations.
I couldn't understand what he was saying.
I couldn't even understand the main point of what he said.
When I hear this song, I associate it with his name.
When I hear this song, I think of him.
Every time I hear this song, I think of his name.
Recently, I've gotten used to his way of speaking.
From his accent, I would guess that man is Scottish.
I went to see his older sister last week.
I thought about the meaning of his painting.
I wrote down his address on a piece of paper.
I reached out and tapped him on the shoulder.
I reached out and tapped his shoulder.
I repeated what he said word for word.
I repeated what he said exactly as he had said it.
I repeated exactly what he had said.
I saw him being scolded by his mother.
I saw him being scolded by his father.
I think it's better for us to adopt his plan.
I think we should adopt his plan.
I think his novel is boring.
I was surprised by his resignation.
I didn't know about his plan.
I didn't know about your plan.
I was very impressed by his story.
I was very moved by his speech.
I was very moved by his story.
I was surprised by his rudeness.
I went to the hospital to ask about his health.
The river flooded the whole region.
Why didn't you go to the office?
I wrote down his phone number so I wouldn't forget it.
I wrote down his name so I wouldn't forget it.
I always read his columns with interest.
I find his ideas about leisure interesting.
I have confidence that he is honest.
I am convinced of his honesty.
I plan to check to see if what he said was true or not.
I attended his classes and learned how to draw.
I have to obey his orders.
That gradually became his habit.
I found his office easily.
It was easy to find his office.
He was in the habit of getting up early.
It was his habit to get up early.
I succeeded thanks to his advice.
I succeeded because of his advice.
Being overly generous is his greatest fault.
Making money is his reason for living.
Making money is his main purpose in life.
Mathematics is his best subject.
An acquaintance of mine introduced me to his closest friends.
My opinion on what should be done is different from his.
None of us are opposed to his ideas.
None of us are opposed to her ideas.
It is really nice of you.
You seem distant.
Setting a new record added to his fame.
That doesn't agree with what he said.
Today, even though he has not put on his armor, he has not forgotten to carry his sword.
That fact proves his innocence.
It's only leaves and branches.
I often see cheap accessories made of agate sold in street stalls and such but are they the real thing?
I phoned my son before boarding the plane, telling him to come to the airport to pick me up.
Please help me to bring my suitcase down from the luggage rack.
I'm getting off the train at the next stop.
As the coach won't leave until quarter past seven, I'll call our friends first and then write some postcards.
Different flowers represent different meanings.
For example, the chrysanthemum symbolises noble character.
The person standing at the front of the room is a professor in the History Department.
His mother got up much earlier than usual and started cooking as early as 8am.
Do you want to get married first or have a child first?
This doesn't concern me.
Yesterday I had a high fever.
I hope I won't still be ill next week.
The performers danced whilst singing - they performed extremely well.
You can't park here.
Although he did well in the exam, his spoken Chinese is not necessarily as good as yours.
With both song and dance, the performers put on an excellent show.
We hurried to the train station.
Unfortunately, by the time we got there the train had been gone for fifteen minutes.
I won't forsake you.
Have you decided whether you are going into town by bike or by bus?
I've been feeling poorly for the last couple of days.
In addition to a blocked nose, I'm also suffering from a high temperature.
She wept all the night.
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious and inexpensive.
We tried it out yesterday; as expected, it was really good.
You can't get in without your key anyway, so you may as well come to have supper with us.
Put on your cap.
If I'm not going to the party then I'm not doing anything specific anyway.
Great!
I just opened the lid, and a foul smell filled my nose.
There's a phone call for you!
In 2009, I had graduated from high school but I still hadn't started university.
They are all cannibals here, except me, I'm just being eaten.
I detest having to hurry in the morning.
I rode a unicycle today.
I want to submerge myself in the ocean depths, and to disappear there so as to never be seen again.
In my opinion this kind of work is both uninteresting and difficult, but I don't have any other way to earn money.
It's better than drinking cola, though it's not as good as drinking champagne.
When you speak Shanghainese with your mum, I only understand a few words, so I can't join in the conversation.
I am certainly entitled to speak like this.
That plan didn't agree with his way of thinking.
That plan wasn't how he thought it should be.
The sudden glare hurt his eyes.
That tape recorder recorded his voice.
The teacher put a mark next to his name to show that he was absent.
The teacher explained his theory using pictures.
They left after they finished lunch.
These facts will show that his story is true.
This adds color to his way of speaking.
This adds color to the way he speaks.
This fact proves his innocence.
These facts prove that he is innocent.
This is a set phrase of his.
This is one of the things he always says.
The inverse of a non-square matrix is a dangerous thing.
This is his car, I think.
This is his umbrella, right?
I think this is his umbrella.
This just has to be his umbrella.
I'm pretty sure that this is his umbrella.
This is his umbrella, isn't it?
I know the person that you came with.
I wear an overcoat in the winter.
No matter how you look at it, what he says seems to be true.
Serving people is his sole purpose in life.
We couldn't grasp the meaning of what he was trying to say.
Although Jane had one suitcase less than me, she still said she had too much to carry.
We got rid of the mice in his house.
Because of heavy snow, the plane from Beijing arrived 20 minutes late.
If you are going to the library this afternoon, would you please return two books for me whilst you are there?
We are pleased with his discovery.
If I were you, I'd follow his advice.
His success is the result of many years of perseverance.
Are there any aspects of Shanghai that are not as good as those of Beijing?
Why did you turn down his request for a pay raise?
It was wise for you not to follow his advice.
You were wise not to follow his advice.
You were wrong to turn down his help.
You were wrong to refuse his help.
You shouldn't worry about his eccentricities.
You shouldn't pay any attention to his eccentricities.
You may use his library.
You should listen to his advice.
You should have flatly refused his request.
That old man must be insane.
I wish I had followed his instructions at that time.
That woman must be his wife.
That woman is his wife, I think.
That accident is a good example of his carelessness.
She keeps his room clean.
Her hat looked very funny.
I don't know her address.
This ball is that boy's treasure.
Over there is the person I've been waiting for.
When I hear this song, I think of her.
No matter how hard I try, I can't swim to that rock.
He and I are such close friends that we can almost read each other's minds.
We weren't at home yesterday.
We got some special evidence that proves that he is guilty.
Battery is low!
I don't know her, nor do I want to.
It is necessary to take some exercise every day.
Serbian trains are terribly slow.
It's started to snow.
Hungry puppies are barking on the street.
That's my idea.
A sandwich without ham is not a sandwich.
I love math.
That is the absolute truth!
Today, we had two false alarms.
Sorry that I forgot. I'm completely out of it today.
Every morning, I eat honey for breakfast.
He runs off to the lab every half hour.
Where did all the bread go?
He's feeling tired after German class.
I haven't forgotten.
Seed after seed will make bread.
This is a sentence.
I'm used to it.
The students are back.
I don't have a clue.
Drop by drop, the water can conglomerate into a lake.
All-nighters are never as productive as they seem.
I am going to school.
The point is that you haven't learned anything from him.
Oh, how late it is!
In May, they set on him in the street, attacking him with fists, kicks and a knife.
The more hurry, the less speed.
The door of the office is yellow.
She was tricked yet again.
We have the great responsibility to see that he succeeds on the entrance exam.
What were you doing there?
It's the thought that counts.
Choose between this and that.
You don't seem to understand their good intentions.
I don't understand what you are trying to say.
We had a lot of thunder that summer.
Are you finished with that magazine?
Are you going to buy that car?
Are you the one who wrote that report?
Say what you will, I think he is honest.
The woman you were talking to at that time was my sister.
Where did you get those old coins?
Would you please close that window?
You may ask that teacher questions.
Don't wilt away, love.
I remember that he said that.
It started to snow.
These are our books.
Those books aren't yours?
That book is theirs.
Is this book the one he always uses?
It is a nice day!
This is my CD.
That CD is my son's.
There's someone at the doorway.
There are only books on the bookshelf.
What's the weather like in New York?
He studies English, but he's also studying German.
Do you have this new book?
I don't have this book.
Do you have two computers?
This computer is yours, isn't it?
Have you a receipt?
At the market such cheese costs only five euro something per kilo.
Well over three thousand people signed to prevent the demolition of this historic building.
I don't know exactly how many visitors there were. I think three hundred something.
Mrs. Klein is already in her eighties, but she's still very spry.
"Today, the milkman was buried. There were a lot of people, cause everybody in the village knew him." "Oh, is there a milkman in Linschoten?" "Well, no, not anymore!"
At night, I put my bell pepper plants at the open window, so they can harden off a bit before I plant them outside, cause now they still have such thin stems.
With a mild, bright night like today, I always feel like going for a stroll at midnight.
Tomorrow, the car needs to go to the garage for a big service. It'll probably set me back a couple of hundred euros.
It wasn't very clever of you to throw away that note.
They finally started to asphalt that road again. It was about time! You could only cycle zigzagging there if you didn't want your wheel to get buckled because of the holes in the road surface.
The Dutch and the Belgian tricolour were streaming side by side amiably in the village on the border.
This room fits just under fifty people.
Dogs bark when the caravan passes by.
Is that in Uighur?
We're going to lunch at 1 o'clock. In other words, in 10 minutes.
And now?
The wind is blowing like crazy.
A man without ideals is hollow.
I'm an engineer.
He works on some really crazy projects.
Where they burn books, they will eventually burn people.
If men are wolves then women are devils.
The truth is incontrovertible. Panic may resent it, ignorance may deride it, malice may distort it, but there it is.
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
Gambling site lets users bet on which species will go extinct because of the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico.
I am tired.
That's not a knife. THIS is a knife.
Spider-Man is cool. Spiders are NOT.
That man is a heavy debtor.
That man has many debts.
No one lives in that building.
That old man had been making homemade whiskey for fifty years.
That old man had been making moonshine for fifty years.
That hamburger really was delicious.
Look at that boy who's swimming.
That boy is smart.
That boy is intelligent.
Recently I attended the wedding of a Chinese friend. The bride and groom had been classmates at university, and both graduated from the Chinese faculty. They've already been together for five years.
The groom works for a company now, and the bride is our teacher.
In class she's our teacher; after class she's our friend, and a good friend too.
When they heard that their teacher was going to get married, everyone wanted to attend her wedding.
We'd still never been to a Chinese person's wedding.
We asked our teacher: "Can we come to your wedding?"
Our teacher said: "Of course you can."
The teacher said: "Of course."
Our teacher also said that her wedding wouldn't be the same as other people's; we asked how it would be different, but she didn't say.
All she said was that we would know when the time came.
That girl wanted to become a movie star.
That baby is really not cute at all.
On the day of the wedding, we arrived at our teacher's house.
There were many guests - most of them were our teacher's classmates and friends.
We asked our teacher: "Where will the wedding be held?"
The teacher said: "Let's set off right now."
The teacher and her partner took the people attending the wedding to a park.
This park is pretty big; it has a lot of trees and many flowers.
The teacher said to everyone: "Our wedding is starting now."
As everyone knows, today is a very significant day for us.
I can't put up with that noise.
Every time I hear that song, I think of my high school days.
In order to make us and everyone else remember this day, I ask everyone to plant a tree with us.
Everyone listened and was very happy, thinking this wedding was both original and meaningful.
About a dozen trees had soon been planted.
Just then, the workers in the park brought over some small playing cards.
If you want to become my friend, then also become the friend of my friend.
In order to see that picture better, I want to get a little closer.
In order to get a better look at that picture, I'd like to get a little closer.
If I'd taken that plane, I wouldn't be alive now.
Underneath we wrote the names of the students in our class.
The lessons learned from the annals of history on peak wood should heighten our awareness of the consequences of the limits of natural resources.
The JMdict/EDICT project has as its goal the production of a freely available Japanese-English Dictionary in machine-readable form.
Knowing my post may help your (already stellar) writing makes me as happy as a flea in a doghouse!
The mountain path was under a blanket of leaves, soft and easy to walk on.
He was found guilty of attempted murder for attacking his mother with a knife.
Her work was going smoothly.
You must not be late to school again!
When I'm with a crying baby, I end up wanting to cry myself!
I is an other.
It's a painful 'truth' for us, but watching this movie brought home to me again the danger facing Earth.
We yelled at her to take care.
I feel it unfortunate that there is little of this kind of humble attitude amongst Japanese debaters.
We yelled at her to watch her step.
We yelled at her, asking her to pay attention.
The first thing that hits you is the bright red discount drugstore sign.
I was simply entranced by the beauty of her face.
Whether he comes or not, either way I will inform you.
We decided to make a deal with him.
To lose faith in God is to lose your guide.
Let's go for a walk to the mountains.
I wish you spoke Spanish.
It's fine with me.
You should live staring reality right in the eye.
I need to configure this server with an appropriate firewall system.
Patience is the mother of science.
To lose faith in God is to lose your points of reference.
It's not far from here to there.
Where there is grass, there is no water. Where there is water, there is no grass.
Today we heard a story about biogas extraction.
The best lecture that you can attend is the one you won't understand.
I'm sending you this sentence when you least expect it.
I'm sending you funny videos.
I'm not happy with this situation.
I just got up.
He who gets up early gets tired quicker.
Hurry up a little!
I didn't understand anything at today's seminar.
I'm just kidding.
That house is mine.
Little by little, I'm beginning to like that painting.
When I think about those students, it gives me a headache.
I admire his talent.
I don't have any money in my pockets.
For better or worse, there is nothing to do but to leave the matter in his hands.
For better or worse, all we can do is leave the matter in his hands.
For better or worse, we can't do anything but leave this matter up to him.
When he appeared, the party livened up.
Their colleague was transferred to an overseas branch.
He's smarter than they are.
The reason he failed was because he neglected his work.
I've completely forgotten his name.
His pride wouldn't allow him to tolerate such insults.
I had to decline his offer.
I don't enjoy hanging out with him.
Hanging out with him isn't interesting.
May I sharpen my pencil?
I do my homework after school.
The class I have the most homework in is English.
I attend a public school.
My locker partner has made our locker very messy.
I prefer to write in cursive.
I prefer to write in print.
School lunches are disgusting!
I partially understand what he means.
I'll certainly be sad if he dies.
I'm three years younger than he is.
He's three years younger than my older brother.
I'm certain that he has finished.
I can't speak English at all.
Black coats are in fashion this winter.
Rather than getting depressed, I'd probably feel hatred towards her.
Caesar is not above grammarians.
She's violent right now. It'd be better to avoid her.
I don't understand why Germany won the Eurovision.
Spiders like to build spiderwebs.
Hello, world!
During summer, I'm going to go to France.
I still have to buy your book.
The girl sitting at the piano is my daughter.
She studied in Belgium.
We consider public libraries a legitimate citizen's right.
I was surprised at his strong resemblance to his father.
If only I'd sold that property before the economic bubble burst I wouldn't have lost all that money.
Because we love you, we are updating Tatoeba to bring you a better user experience. See? We love you huh?
How boring.
What a bore.
He often helps others.
The more learned and witty you be, the more fit to act for Satan will you be.
I always walk.
I don't like seeing young girls with heavy makeup.
Morning is not at dawn, but at the moment when you wake up.
When are you going home?
I came from China.
Sometimes I go, sometimes I don't.
Can I use a credit card?
It's October the third.
Math has been used to calculate how would the Universe formation had been just before and after the Big Bang.
The students receive a 15,000 euro scholarship for their return trip and daily expenses.
She likes Russian pop.
Life is not convex.
He knows little about that animal.
Do you accept credit cards?
English is a global language.
Pierre has a lot of pirated software on his computer.
I've been here for a while.
I am translating.
I should be studying English, but I'd rather watch a movie.
I love Korean food.
Next Monday is a holiday.
It's time to go to sleep.
Please eat. You're hungry, aren't you?
You ought to listen to your mother.
If he'd known the truth, he'd have told me.
I think he won't come.
All you can do is trust in someone.
He's smart.
He's intelligent.
He has a good head on his shoulders.
How nice of Noriko.
I want to go to Lviv...
First thrive and then wive.
"Do you want it to eat here, or take away?" "Eat here please."
Could I borrow your car?
Where is his family?
Where's his home?
I went to donate blood today.
Are you alone?
You're the last person in the world I would like to see cloned; you're boring enough on your own.
I should have left the camera battery recharging.
I should be making lunch.
I hope you consider my request for a day off this Tuesday 8th. If possible, I'd appreciate you letting me recover those hours any other day.
She had her parents' love to herself.
The umpire gave him out.
I never saw her help her father.
I hung up and called her again.
Hurrying leads to mistakes being made.
Dieting accounts for more than one million deaths.
Like fun he went there!
It is to be regretted that comparatively little is known of the phenomenon of fatigue in the central nervous system.
If my boy had not been killed in the traffic accident, he would be a college student now.
There are cats on Mars, too.
I am smart.
Good day, how may I help you?
The theories of relativity can seem recondite even for people who are well versed in the sciences.
That being the case, instead of elaborating on these two reports, I should like to say a few words to corroborate the arguments behind them.
He keeps his word.
I want to go back now.
This book has 252 pages, excluding illustrations.
He takes the initiative in helping his mother do the housework.
He lost face.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.
If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.
Who did this first?
You can't fight city hall.
Glenn has two friends who are women.
One cannot have pain without pleasure, and one cannot have pleasure without pain.
Adversity strengthens the foundations.
I need to study.
I must study.
His illness defeated all his hopes.
That shows the depth of his love for his family.
His illness dashed all his hopes.
I remember his face but I can't remember his name.
You can't appreciate his good points by just seeing what he looks like.
Is there any chance that he will come?
Is there any hope that he will come?
Is there any chance that he'll resign?
Is there any chance that he'll recover?
Did he draw this picture by himself?
It's no use for him to try to find out the real reason.
When he arrives in Tokyo, I'll call you right away.
That incident made him famous.
That affair made him famous.
The news of his death spread.
The news of his death spread around.
His family was glad to hear that he had arrived safely.
He couldn't sleep because of the noise outside his window.
The group departed as soon as he arrived.
We couldn't go out because of the storm.
We couldn't go out because of the heavy rain.
He couldn't go out because of the snow.
I couldn't go out because of the snow.
I couldn't go out because of the rain.
We couldn't go out because of the rain.
We couldn't go out because of the snowstorm.
We couldn't go out because of the typhoon.
There weren't any flowers or trees on the streets of his town.
There is a little hope that he will succeed.
There is a small chance that he will succeed.
There is a picture that he himself drew.
There's hardly any hope that he'll win the election.
This is a picture that he himself drew.
Is this a picture that you drew by yourself?
Is this a picture that you yourself drew?
Is this a picture that he drew by himself?
We think the reason for his success was because of hard work.
You can't depend on him to be punctual.
Have they ever come on time?
We soon caught up with them.
I couldn't understand a single word of what they said.
I hope that neither of them were involved in that traffic accident.
What do you want to drink?
I want a cup of iced-tea.
What would you like to eat?
I tried my best to get them to stop quarreling.
I want to ask them when their wedding day is.
Which one do you prefer, this one or that one?
I don't know why they are fighting.
I don't know anything about their relationship.
I have nothing to do with their troubles.
I don't know anything about their plan.
I'm sure that they will pass the test.
I'm surprised that you don't know about their marriage.
I don't want to buy this kind of sofa.
I couldn't remember their names.
We met them by accident at the bus terminal.
We ran into them at the bus terminal.
In order to beat them, we practice very hard.
We sometimes see them.
We sometimes meet them.
We tried to compromise with them.
We tried to come to a compromise with them.
When I saw them on a date, I asked them, "Are you getting married soon?"
Are you planning to help them?
This morning, I saw an angel.
In that case, let's go.
Some people are good, some people are bad.
You should go too!
First we'll eat, and then we'll go.
Horses don't like buttercups; they just leave them in the meadow.
Wait for me. I'll be there in a minute or ten.
If ashes were flour and peat was bacon, we'd eat bacon pancakes every day.
Everything which flies will sooner or later fall down.
"Those letters are all the wrong way around!" "No, it's supposed to be like that, it's Russian."
It isn't easy to write a love letter in English.
It's important for young people to study English.
It's important for today's young people to study English.
Speaking in English is fun.
It's fun to speak in English.
It's difficult to speak English well.
It's hard to speak English well.
All houses in our street are decorated with little orange flags because of the World Cup.
Speaking English isn't easy.
Speaking English isn't easy, but it's fun.
Mastering English is difficult.
It's so muggy; I think it will thunder in a short while.
I love you very much.
Those two boys have about the same ability in English.
For years he is at the market every Tuesday morning with his fish stall.
People are apt to take it for granted that professors can speak English.
Our English teacher is both strict and kind.
My English is not good at all.
Does this letter have to be written in English?
Don't quit English.
You shouldn't quit English.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
Let's remove harmful books from circulation. Starting first with the bibles that have spread all over the world.
But she wasn't thinking of anything and just wept.
Now that I think of it, it's too small - that ring.
He became a policeman.
Do you know us?
There's all kinds of people in the world.
The policeman arrested the burglar.
The police officer arrested the burglar.
The police officers arrested the burglar.
The policemen arrested the burglar.
I don't spend much time preparing for English classes.
I study math harder than I study English.
I study math more seriously than I study English.
English is third period.
I'm practising judo.
Why is it you can write a letter in English this well, but can't speak it?
If you came, that would be great.
You might not find it.
If you have time, let's go shopping.
Treat the men well and the ore will come.
She gave an oral report to her boss.
Is it really wise for marketing folks to satisfy people's desire for instant gratification?
It warms your heart to, when listening to a song in a (seemingly!) foreign language like Slovak, Macedonian, Slovenian, hear words you have known since your childhood and even understand whole phrases.
That's what I like Eurovision for.
Is it true that "Thank you" sounds like "Come on" in Vietnamese?
Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko congratulated Alexei Dudarev upon his birthday.
It's an anime about a normal Japanese schoolboy who married his alien teacher. Things like this happen in Japan.
Since I started wearing glasses myself, I started liking the anime where the protagonists wear glasses.
He doesn't want you to lose a whole week.
There are few sites in the Tatar language on the Internet.
Baristas need to make a sitcom.
My dream is to go to Japan.
I would like to go to Japan.
I wanna go to Japan.
The graduation from elementary school to middle school is regarded by some as the first step towards adulthood.
He is very handsome.
The anti-rational, anti-justice and anti-humane Christian malignancy is rearing its head yet again as it leads the fight against homosexuality on behalf of the divine trinity of unreason, injustice and hate.
I am really tired of living.
When I woke up in the morning, there was no one in the house. I was abandoned for the whole day.
A small amount of alcohol will relax the mind and body and improve blood circulation.
My husband likes to have a drink in the evening. He drinks 6 or more bottles of sparkling wine and 5 or 6 bottles of warm sake. Sometimes he has a day where he doesn't drink, but it has never lasted for more than two days.
Declaring war after a surprise attack is to be expected, but killing over ten thousand non-combatants with a bomb is something unheard of.
I prefer interesting films.
Could you give me the salt?
He doesn't know where he should be.
He's curious about everything.
My brother didn't like her from the start.
My brother didn't like her from the first time he met her.
His novels also appear in French.
I did well at the interview!
We played on the banks of the Thames.
Next period is a German test.
Next period is an examination in German.
How is everything?
You have to wait in line.
For me, this is not a problem.
This is the best amp being sold now.
This is the best amp currently being sold.
Anthony was respected by the Egyptians.
Ann must be having a happy dream.
It's similar to a duck.
She made a reservation for a room at the hotel.
Let's meet in the lobby of the Imperial Hotel at 6:30 p.m.
My brother is an idiot.
The next month he achieved his first NHL shutout and showed the talent of an NHL super goalie.
Who is able to reveal the mysteries of the sea?
The following fairy tales retold in English in 1918 were based on Dutch legends and collected in the book, Dutch Fairy Tales for Young Folks, 1918.
Father, do sheep have sheep? No, sheep have lambs.
Santa Claus was standing in the garden.
Grammar is a very complex thing.
What time does the next train leave?
She and I are the same age.
John and Beth are the same age.
I'm as old as he is.
She ignored me even when she met me on the street.
He pretended not to hear me.
He pretended not to hear his boss.
She pretended not to hear him yesterday.
He was out of breath because he had been running.
I remember that man's name very well.
"Are you a teacher?" "Yes, that's right."
"Are you a teacher?" "Yes, I am."
"Are you going to buy a lottery ticket?" "I don't think I'm lucky at gambling."
Why did you buy it?
Why did you buy this expensive dictionary?
Why did you come here so early?
What kind of meal did you eat?
What did you do yesterday evening?
What did you do over the weekend?
Why did you do that?
What did you do with my luggage?
What did you eat for breakfast?
What did you eat for lunch today?
What do you call your father at home?
What did you do last night?
"Do you like sports?" "Yes, I especially like baseball."
"Do you like traveling?" "Yes, I do."
After the war, the Netherlands was the country that executed and tortured the most Japanese, though some of them were innocent.
Male circumcision decreases the risk of viral infections that cause herpes and cancer.
In the English world of the 19th century, it was often said that masturbation would lead to a loss of memory and attention.
During the Stalinist era, prisoners at concentration camps became slaves in service of the state.
During the discussion of the summary report of CC CPSU in the congress, it was noted that, under the guidance of the Communist party, in close cooperation with all the Socialist countries, the Soviet people have made great progress in the struggle for building a Communist society in the USSR and in that for world peace.
I heard that a gay priest had been promoted to the rank of bishop, but it turned out to be a fabrication.
If a women walks on a public street exposing her lower body, it's public indecency. If she walks while exposing her upper body, then it's a violation of article 20(1) of the minor offenses act.
There is definitely a way to quit the world and live like an hermit in the mountains, being self-sufficient and without contact with anybody while not dying like a dog.
If a woman masturbates, she will secrete female hormones and become more feminine.
Is the source of the erectile dysfunction of my husband the fact that he started drinking?
The children of American soldiers staying in Japan and Japanese women were disparagingly called half-breeds.
Anyway, as long as it's a man, anybody should do. It's sad that you don't have a boyfriend yet.
It's written abazure (bitch). Surely this must mean a slut?
My hamster has a swollen testicle on one side.
Because I don't want to marry, my grandmother called me a cripple.
The word fugusha ("disabled") might be insulting.
The movie "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame" has been renamed and is now called "The Bell of Notre-Dame".
Tonight, we had fun drawing up our family tree together.
"Ronpari" is a word that designates those whose eyes don't look straight, but in different directions to the left and right, as if they were looking at Paris and London.
Normally, a guy who reads light novels despite not being a kid anymore is a retard, don't you think?
Kimura is a Tokyo university graduate who became a taxi driver. According to some people's standards, he might be considered a failure, but I think it's fine as long as he likes driving.
Deep water fish never see the light and live all their lives from the scraps that come from above.
Not only did I eat pilaf, but I also ate kebabs.
What are you doing at school this afternoon?
Kareishu is a special smell that comes as old people age. Popular expressions such as: "Ossan kusai" or "Oyaji kusai" (smelly old man) refer to this smell.
I bought a pen like yours yesterday.
I know that he can draw.
I think that Japan's marriage system is an unequal and discriminatory contract disadvantageous to men.
I hit him in the belly.
I wonder if they'll get divorced.
In China, there is a large number of characters, so the goal of the character simplification was to replace the complex traditional characters with easy to remember simplified characters and increase the literacy rate.
I heard there were many double suicides in Sonezaki.
He looks like a player.
Zen priests beg for alms near Shinjuku station.
I'll call at your house tomorrow.
I must ask Nick for his new address and telephone number when I see him.
I have to prepare for the English test.
I'm going to talk to Tom when he comes home.
He is sincere in his promises.
I didn't tell him the truth because I was afraid of hurting his feelings.
He hid his emotions and pretended enthusiasm.
I envied his new house.
What a good speaker of Japanese!
He speaks Spanish as well as French.
He doesn't just speak French, he speaks Spanish as well.
According to the weather forecast, it will snow tomorrow.
Let's do lunch!
Confident as I am that you will not trifle with this appeal, my heart sinks and my hand trembles at the bare thought of such a possibility.
I saw her home.
I took her home.
I want a guide to Chicago.
I don't know what to buy him for his birthday.
But no, you will have your own way: 'I won't marry anybody but Vasily Gruskoff.'
The express train went by so fast we hardly saw it.
What I told you about him also applies to his brother.
"Aren't you Mr. Ogawa?" "Yes, I am. Can I help you?"
They show no remorse for their misdeeds, but continue to commit one crime after another.
Can you recommend a good camera, please?
None of the games were exciting.
You can say that again.
Cornered prey is the most dangerous kind.
He is a poet worthy of the title.
His cousin, whose name I have forgotten, was a nurse.
He doesn't miss a beat.
He doesn't miss anything.
He made a mistake and drank poison.
"Here you are," the steward says.
If you paint it yellow, you'll kill two birds with one stone: it'll stand out, and you'll save money because you can use paint you already have.
When you are hungry, anything tastes good.
It tastes very good, doesn't it?
It tastes really good.
My father made me a delicious lunch.
Nothing tastes as good as the food that you make.
The monkey fell from the tree.
We saw monkeys at the zoo.
It's really difficult to survive in a big city like Tokyo without endebting oneself.
Isn't this weather just great!
Great weather, isn't it?
After we had finished that, we ate lunch.
This really is great weather.
Japan, for the most part, is a lovely place to live.
Japan, for the most part, is a good place to live.
A beautiful sunset, isn't it?
The sky was clear when I left home.
Young people nowadays are fools.
Don't you think that most people on 2chan are idiots?
Yes, it's such a nice evening.
It's apparently a metaphor for something uncatchable, light of body and fleet of foot.
You have cute eyes.
It seems that I often see mean and disparaging behavior towards individuals on the net.
Japanese bureaucrats are nothing but traitors to the country who covet our tax money and will continue the practice of amakudari until the country is bankrupt.
A growing child who doesn't seem to have much energy perhaps needs medical attention.
There is a political party which is a traitor to the country in Japan.
Brilliant papers by Comrade Stalin allowed Soviet linguistics to take the leading position in the world.
Concerning this issue, I feel that the trash media only report biased information.
The world is full of incompetent doctors.
Recently, I feel like the number of women with loose morals is increasing.
The turkeys in my grandfather's farm are very noisy, I can't wait for them to get eaten.
A high school girl posting on a web forum hinting at underaged prostitution has been arrested.
Yesterday, a man told me that I sleep around too much.
Don't pay any attention to what your father says.
You don't have a fever.
He is giving his whole attention to that.
He tried to concentrate on the letter.
She teaches us French.
Do you think the weather will be fine tomorrow?
Do you think tomorrow's weather will be good?
Do you think tomorrow will be a nice day?
Do you think we'll have good weather tomorrow?
If you look closely, you don't see anything.
"Just now, you were looking. You Peeping Tom,"she said angrily.
Guys, I gotta go.
What do we eat tonight?
I'm a thirty-year-old unmarried woman.
What shall I put on: trousers or a skirt?
There are many abandoned cats in the world.
There were lots of people on the street when the parade came by.
Don't just sit there, do something!
I can't hear what you're saying; it's too noisy here.
It appears that my husband is cheating on me with my friend. I want to tell her: "You thieving cat!".
Guests always bring delight; if it is not when coming, then it is when leaving.
If you give carnations 7Up instead of water, they last much longer - often as long as three or four weeks.
Girl, what beautiful hair you have.
Just before the wedding, the drunken father shouted at the groom: "I won't hand out my daughter to some stranger!"
The penis is one of the male reproductive organs.
Do you like women with large or small breasts?
Excessive drinking is one of the causes of impotence.
Why are Japanese so prejudiced against lesbians and bisexuals?
Sato's high voice and mannerism are pretty effeminate.
According to many religions, adultery is a crime.
I'm in difficulties because of the demented old woman next door wreaking havoc in my fields.
My coach asked me if I was "unattached" and I didn't understand so I said yes.
Recently, I saw an attractive mature woman on the train.
A middle-aged woman is a woman who is past her prime.
Yes, in Osaka too we say "idiot" when we are insulting someone.
It's not a wife that I want, but a sex friend.
Out of a sense of justice, I said to the leader of the biker gang: "What you are doing is a crime! Be ashamed of yourselves!".
In the Netherlands, it is the custom that, when during the construction of a house the highest point has been reached and the roof is ready for tiling, the client treats the construction workers to so-called "tile beer" to celebrate this. A flag is then placed on the ridge of the house. If the client is too stingy to treat, not a flag, but a broom is placed.
Why are you feigning innocence!
The section chief said out of the blue: "Women and meat, I like them a little rotten".
The Chicago Cubs have not won the World Series since 1908.
Have love for your classmates! Have love for your parents! Have love for your country!
Girls, you did terrifically. You've truly earned this victory.
If you don't watch out, you'll soon fall in the water.
How's life?
Please eat something.
His opposition was more violent than he had bargained for.
That's a real person.
I didn't expect that Mary would come so soon.
I don't know if George is coming or not.
He got a better score than us.
I don't know whether George will come or not.
I think there is no point in trying to persuade him.
What shall I put on: pants or a skirt?
It was difficult to persuade him to cancel the trip.
It was hard to persuade him to cancel the trip.
It was difficult to convince him to cancel the trip.
I had a hard time trying to persuade him to cancel the trip.
I hope that John comes.
I hope that John will come.
I hate those who always skip class and ask their friends to answer the roll call for them.
In our time, there were many students who passed the graduation exam without studying.
I like to eat watermelon.
The wind sounds scary, like screaming ghosts.
Those who want to meet, will meet.
I met Meg in Kyoto last week.
This is Mike. Is Hiroshi there?
He is a true man.
I'm only reading the scraps on news on the Internet, but, well, I get the general picture.
Much ado about nothing.
You can't prove that.
That everything is good... is good.
No, but I like going to watch baseball.
I like going to watch baseball.
I like to go and watch baseball games.
Justice is slow, but eventual.
He is not tall any more than I am.
He is no more tall than I am.
I went to Osaka station.
Why is it the mass media didn't report this?
Many friends came to see me off.
Many friends saw him off.
Like me, he's also not tall.
Your words made him feel much better.
We will visit them soon.
I tried to write down everything he said.
I would rather live by myself than do what he tells me to do.
I can't understand his feelings.
I don't like men like him.
I don't know anything about his past.
I couldn't find his house.
I hear that his father is in another country.
As far as I know, he said that himself.
If you eat only Big Macs for one year, will it be no problem?
Do you understand Mrs. Kunze?
No, I don't understand Mrs. Kunze.
Do you understand me?
Yes, I understand you well.
Where's the airport?
The airport is over there.
I beg your pardon. What did you say?
Please speak slowly.
Do you understand?
You're welcome.
Is that the railroad station?
No, that's not the station.
Is the restaurant there too?
It's there to the left.
Yes, I understand. Thank you.
Yes, it's there too.
What's that there?
That's the hotel.
Is the embassy here to the right?
Yes, it's here to the right.
There, straight ahead.
The bank is there too, isn't it?
I'd like to have some cigars.
All right. How many?
Five, and some matches too, please.
How much does that cost?
The cigars cost two Marks.
The matches cost ten pennies.
Would you like to have some cigarettes too?
Yes, how much do they cost?
Would you like to eat?
Yes, sausage and sauerkraut please.
And a little bread.
How's the wine, and how's the beer?
The wine and the beer are good.
But the coffee's not good.
And the tea isn't good either.
Is the milk good?
Yes, the milk is very good.
How's the water here?
The water is good.
He not only speaks French, but he speaks Spanish, too.
Which tooth hurts?
Where do you have pain?
Where is the pain?
I'm sorry that you are leaving here.
It's too bad that you are leaving here.
A close neighbor is better than a distant relative.
I asked the company for his resume.
His plan is dangerous!
His teaching method is both good and bad.
I think his method of teaching has good points and bad points.
I think his opinion is very important.
I thought his opinion was relevant.
This morning he said that he would be leaving for Nara tomorrow.
I was very confused by his questions.
I was terribly confused by his question.
I was awfully confused by his question.
I was offended by his behavior.
I wonder what happened to him.
I wonder what happened to his sister.
I was surprised by his perseverance.
He agrees with my opinion.
I agree with his opinion.
I agree with that opinion.
I'm fed up with him always preaching to me.
I'm tired of him bawling me out.
I'm tired of listening to his boasts.
I am tired of listening to his long speech.
I wonder if I should answer his letter.
I could hardly hear him.
I slapped his face.
I tried to get him to show what his true nature was, but I couldn't.
You're one narrow minded individual.
I tried to reveal him for what he really was, but it was impossible.
I'm behind him.
I'll scold him.
I'm a little hesitant to ask a favor of that person.
I'm a little hesitant about asking her for a favor.
Should I buy something for him?
I asked him for a favor.
I can't do anything but obey him.
I don't think I'll ever meet him.
I warned him not to be late.
I don't remember the first time I met him.
I don't remember when the first time I met him was.
I expect a lot from him.
We expect a lot from him.
I've never met him.
I had intended to hand the document to him, but I forgot to.
He dwelt for a time in France, then went to Italy.
I have never heard such stories as he tells.
The art of getting appointments when telemarketting.
But your function isn't Lipschitz continuous!
I don't suffer from insanity - I enjoy it!
I warned you not to get near him, didn't I?
He's someone who keeps his promises.
I can barely stand his behavior.
I can't stand his arrogance.
I can't put up with his arrogance.
I couldn't understand his ideas.
I have given him permission to do what he wants to do.
What happened on the bus?
I was mistaken in thinking that he was a trustworthy man.
I was really moved by this.
Don't lend money to someone who can't have a morning erection.
I want to get a bank loan in half a year's time - what should I be doing now?
I'd like to make an appointment for the day after tomorrow.
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put U and I together.
I'm not good at multitasking.
Can I use a credit card for payment?
After all, even the gods may err at times.
The thief set his eyes on that house.
I not only gave him some advice, I also gave him a blowjob.
I not only gave her some advice, I also gave her a cunnilingus.
I'm a stupid old maid in my thirties.
I not only gave him some advice, I also gave him a fellatio.
Most Shakuhachi are made from bamboo, but recently some wooden ones have appeared.
3 cubed is 27.
I'm at home.
"I forgot," she answered.
My watch stopped, so I didn't know the time.
Even though I ran down the stairs, I couldn't catch the train.
I've heard nothing.
I'll be the only one in this world.
All things considered, I think you should go back home and take care of your parents.
I not only gave him some advice, I also gave him a bicycle.
Even though the alarm clock went off, I didn't wake up.
I'm hungry!
Do you understand what I'm saying?
When I got to school, the race had already finished.
When I was a child, I used to swim in that pond.
As a matter of fact, I haven't eaten anything since this morning.
Since I'm off duty today, let's go to the coast.
Since I didn't eat anything for breakfast, I'm very hungry now.
He answered my question with a "no."
The man who was smoking said, "He doesn't come here any more."
"Let's go," he said to me.
You told her that you had finished the work three days ago.
"Did she buy a watch?" "Yes, she did."
"Oh? Where's Keiko?" "She said that she has a teacher, parent and child meeting so she'll be late."
At last, she gave in to him and told him the secret.
She asked him for help.
She asked me for help.
He asked his friends for help.
"Almaty" means "The Father of Apples" in many Turkic languages.
Both of them are in the room.
The two of them are in the room.
No one is working. Everyone's watching the World Cup.
What is happiness?
People need to be more lively when presenting their work.
There is a metro in Kazan.
The author of the Slovio language has even made a porn site in it.
He came to Japan when he was a child.
It was when he was a child that he came to Japan.
He came to Japan when he was 10 years old.
South Africa is far away.
The South of Africa is far away.
He came first. That's why he got a good seat.
Since he doesn't feel well today, he can't come to the office.
He can't come to the office today because he doesn't feel well.
Because he's sick, he can't come.
He cheated on the test by copying his friend's answers.
He admitted that he had committed the crime.
He did everything he could to get the prize.
He doesn't want to leave the room because he's afraid that he'll catch another cold.
He doesn't work as hard as he used to.
He became sick. That's why he gave up going abroad.
Don't look a gift horse in the mouth.
She talks so much.
Somebody have the guts to admit that these vuvuzelas are killing the tournament.
She intended to become an actress.
She aspired to become an actress.
Many people think I'm crazy.
Commentators have variously described the sound of vuvuzelas as "annoying" and "satanic" and compared it with "a stampede of noisy elephants", "a deafening swarm of locusts", "a goat on the way to slaughter", "a giant hive full of very angry bees", and "a duck on speed".
Everybody loves the vuvuzelas!
Daddy, buy me a vuvuzela!
He announced that he would come at once and investigate the matter.
The vuvuzelas have a very agreeable sound.
Bill got up early in order to catch the first train.
Bill got up early so he could catch the first train.
As soon as Jim got home, he crawled into bed.
Within one month of going abroad, he became sick.
Jeff searched for three months before he found a job.
Can I borrow the Powerpoint clicker?
All lost umbrellas turn into paper clips, as anyone can prove when finding these.
She was only frightened, not injured.
What will you do when you grow up?
Close the door.
There's no one more deaf than he who does not want to listen.
Turpan grapes are famous worldwide.
Ghulja has very many kinds of apples.
You shouldn't go.
Oh boy...
I'm going there alone.
Do you plan to go overseas?
I'm outta here.
Are you at home?
I came, didn't I?
What do you plan to do?
Don't make trouble.
Don't you play tennis?
You like it, don't you?
You can do it, can't you?
You may use this car.
You shouldn't wait here.
I am Teochew.
May I use your pencil?
I have something that I want to say to you.
Hurry up! If you don't, we'll be late.
I need a medic.
The widget that overcomes Web-Marketing's weaknesses.
It isn't hard to overcome your weaknesses.
Who doesn't love a rebel?
It took just an hour.
The rumor turned out to be true.
You should see a doctor.
The conference will end tomorrow.
He's eating an apple.
She's eating an apple.
They're eating apples.
We're eating apples.
This is a picture of the airport.
Please show me your driver's license.
May I see your driver's license?
You'll use the computer for studying, and not for playing games.
Nancy wouldn't do a stupid thing like getting married to Jack.
She took the old woman's hand and led her to the church.
Mr. Spencer works in a shop.
The snow covered the whole city overnight.
Mr. Popescu's office is on the tenth floor.
Black clouds were passing above the city.
Please say hello to Mrs. Andreescu!
On Saturday we went to the movies, then to the restaurant.
I dropped by the bookstore and bought an interesting book.
I saw John at the library.
My wrist and forearm hurt, I think I might be suffering from carpal tunnel syndrome.
Market Square is the historic centre of the city.
There are four fountains with statues of Neptune, his wife Amphitrite, Diana and Adonis in the Market Square.
The clock on the Lviv Town Hall was first installed in the year 1404.
Hartman Witwer was a famous Lviv-based sculptor.
I had never heard about Lviv before.
Come here, little girl, sit down!
Please, madam, help yourself!
Mrs. Ionescu, I'd like to ask you something.
Sir, please fill out this form.
My youngest sister is a teacher, my oldest one, a medical doctor.
The U.N. building is very impressive.
My father offered his services to a well-known trade company.
There was a lot of talk lately about the architecture of the new school.
One fine morning in spring along came the great-great-granddaughter of the man who had built this house.
Today the weather is nice.
The trees were very scarce.
A cold rain fell over the city.
It's nice today.
The Romanians from Transylvania speak very slowly.
Mr. Anton spoke to them coldly.
I like baclava.
I like to walk.
Did you enjoy going to exhibits in Romania?
I will give him the book tomorrow.
I will give her the book tomorrow.
At the beginning you had disliked the idea, but now you seem to be content.
Daniela called me at home.
I would offer you a coffee if you had the time.
We were told that, due to the snow, we may go home.
I meet Mihaela every morning at the subway.
I met Mihaela at the subway station.
When I had met her in Bucharest, Anca was a student.
If I saw Anca, I would probably not recognize her.
You could feed a village in Africa for the price of an iPhone subscription.
Let me google that for you.
When I started using a computer I was taken in by Norton's CPU hungry software and had a lot of trouble.
Have you ever tried body painting?
I don't like frisk searches.
May I be so bold as to request your assistance?
There was no option but to obey.
I really need this camera for my trip to Osaka.
An Englishman, a Belgian and a Dutchman enter a pub and sit down at the counter. Says the barkeeper, "Wait a minute, is this a joke or what?"
The more you eat Kuqa's apricots, the more of them you'll want to eat.
The figs of Atush are sweet and juicy.
Did you find the difference between these two photos?
He is taller than I by two inches.
He failed to do what he said.
However if you can speak Chinese, Korean, etc. you're able to share your way of thinking with many more people.
As you sow, so shall you reap.
They are about the same age.
In looking through the mist, I caught a glimpse of my future.
Not every lamp is magic.
When a friend comes from afar, is that not delightful?
Tom is good at cooking.
Tom is taller than I am.
Tom is older than I am.
Tom is still in the hospital.
Tom is a good person.
Tom is my friend.
Which team are you a fan of?
What's your favorite sport?
I left the door open.
Send me a letter when you arrive.
What slips in and out of view in the background is the real estate slump of recent years.
The dog ran towards me.
Children all leave the nest one day.
This boy is a genius at controlling RC vehicles!
When you skateboard, it puts quite a strain on your knees.
Few historical debates have inflamed passions as much as the debate concerning Slavisation of Greece between the 7th and 9th centuries.
A stitch in time saves nine.
Money's always to be found when we need to send men to be killed on the border; but there's none left when it comes time to help them.
Generally speaking, the art of governing consists in taking the most money from one part of the citizens, in order to give it to another part.
Killing is forbidden; every murderer is punished, unless he has killed accompanied by many men and to the sound of trumpets.
We sometimes say: "Common sense is quite uncommon."
My being male and white also removed huge obstacles that a majority of Americans then faced.
The lengthy peace hid the early signs of an explosion.
Those who haven't lived in the eighteenth century before the Revolution do not know the sweetness of life.
Maybe later.
If you won ten million dollars in a lottery, what would you do with that money?
And then?
What else?
I think I would buy a nice car.
You must leave.
Men are born and remain free and equal in rights.
No one may be questioned about his opinions, and the same for religious opinions, provided that their manifestation does not trouble the public order established by the law.
The French Revolution not only had as its objective to change an old government, but also to abolish the old form of society.
Since he was very drunk, he couldn't drive his car home.
Do you commute to school by bus?
During that time, we only heard about thieves, about murders, about men who had died of hunger.
I like white wine better than red wine.
I need to get some stamps.
There's no way I'm going to do that.
The games were all boring.
Were you able to open up and talk?
Probably it will snow tomorrow.
Only unemployed people date on Wednesdays.
We use dashed lines for the model, and continuous lines for the reality.
I didn't expect it.
Why is he so quiet?
The situation in Kyrgyzstan is a real mess.
All men who profit from the fruits of the earth must give back part of them to the Church, who will apply them to three uses: providing for pastors, the maintenance of religious buildings, help to the poor.
Anyone cherishes his native town in his heart.
I forced her to do my homework.
At Papa South, you can eat delicious homestyle food.
In real combat, you must not forget that hesitation is a very dangerous thing.
Rich mineral deposits have been discovered recently in Afghanistan.
Many authentic nobles did not have a nobiliary particle in their names.
Generally speaking, nobles were only very slightly affected by taxes.
I'm not as happy now.
I hope that your classroom had air conditioning.
I missed you.
Can I borrow this umbrella?
How old is this dog?
Do you often travel abroad?
It will probably snow tomorrow.
May I speak to the professor?
Open your heart.
An illiterate man was fair game for the literate exploiters who contributed to his domination.
Four fifths of French were frankly illiterate towards 1685.
"The sorcerer disguises himself as a beast, he wears a hide over his head and walks around town. It's my daddy who told me that."
The princess's taste for pleasures was expanding; and we thought only about how to sprinkle on them new seasonings, so as to give them more spice.
Forgive everyone, forget nothing.
This coffee is too hot for me to drink.
"We need to help Kyrgyzstan," said Putin to Hu Jintao... in my dream.
Can I write the name of the beneficiary in Russian?
He sent fruits and vegetables to his daughter.
I have always believed that fruits are more beneficial than fruit juices mainly because they do not contain added sugar.
I know that girl.
You should have seen it!
Korean food is generally very hot.
Eternity exists. It exists here...
If you turned off your computer right now, you would contribute to the prevention of global warming.
It is not the strong who win, but the winner who is strong.
Crows often fish through garbage.
The number of anorexic high school girls practicing extreme dietary restrictions is increasing.
As for myself, I like spring very much. I never liked summer.
If you bring us some books, the time will seem shorter to us.
The World Cup, like many other things in life, has a habit of ignoring the laws of fairness.
It would be good to call us on Saturday.
I told you to come whenever it's convenient to you.
I sent you a letter last week and I'll send you one more today.
If this is the way you were told, it is probably correct.
I bought a tie for Dan and I'll buy a scarf for Elena.
When you see the Popescus, please say hello from us.
If you meet the Orleanu sisters, invite them to Ruxandra's birthday. And don't forget their brother.
The first time I saw the Romanian soccer players was in Madrid.
As soon as you contact your friends, tell them that an avalanche is coming.
My car is a Ford, just like yours.
My name is Romanian; his is American.
Our children are at school; where are yours?
My books are in Romanian; hers are in English.
Which is more complete, the first edition or the second?
The professor that took the floor is from the University of Bucharest.
It's hot today, so we can take a swim in the sea.
In America, we can hear a chorus of comments from the right ridiculing soccer every time there's a World Cup.
The colleague whose husband is French has left for Paris.
All my friends to whom I sent invitations came to the party.
I can't decide which dress I should buy.
For whom do the bells toll?
I'm not sure who I should give this present to, the girl or the boy?
I found a note on my desk, but I don't know whose it is.
What do you think Dana has in mind?
I don't know what to think anymore.
I'm not sure how much we should wait.
How much honey do you use for this pastry?
To how many students have you given the highest grade?
Let's see who wins!
This student is American.
I already talked to this student.
This student's books are new.
I gave the books to this student.
We gave the books to this student.
We have the same intentions, but not the same modus operandi.
This year we offer the same language course as last year.
What can I do?
Scholarships were not granted anymore to the same students this summer as last year.
I bought only one book which I gave to a student.
As for our students, one has already left for Bucharest, and one is on her way.
What I've done!
We went out to dinner with two American men and two German ladies.
First of all, I would like to thank you for your hospitality.
This was Rodica's fifth book.
Our friend finished the race in second place.
You've invited your friends too, haven't you?
What's amazing about sports fans is the intensity of the rage they can feel toward something trivial.
My language is not on the list!
Close the window before going to sleep.
The third power of 3 is 27.
We have two kids.
I should like to see the trees from which you picked these apples.
He probably got tired of waiting and fell asleep.
My parents really love their grandchildren.
I'm the only one who doesn't know Uyghur.
I'm the only one who knows them.
After having finished my studies, I became a teacher.
My eldest son is studying right now.
Where are they going to right now?
My wife is cooking right now.
We have to pull the weeds.
What's your name?
On June 18 at the Niigata city aquarium, 7000 fish died because of a mistake by an employee.
Maybe it will snow.
The problem resolved itself.
Shame be to him who thinks evil of it.
Mr. Meier believes that the Neumanns are on vacation.
Peter sees that the garage door is open.
He hopes that something interesting happens.
The man you saw yesterday was my uncle.
That's the man whose kids are so nice.
That's the help we need.
The journalist rented an apartment that is very expensive.
He has an interesting job, for which he has to work a lot.
That's the computer on which he writes his articles.
This journalist, whose article you were so interested in, is my neighbor.
The capital market is not what it was a few years ago.
The job market is not saturated.
I planted an apple tree in my garden.
Even superheroes need an occasional break.
Unfortunately, she is absent.
Queen Elizabeth II is thought to be descended from Genghis Khan via her grandmother.
Mr Koizumi is really full of himself.
He glanced at the clock.
It ain't called Vulture Valley for nothin', Bub!
There's somethin' mighty queer behind this, Scott!
It's too bad, but your character gets killed at the start of the play.
Since the role I play is that of a tree, it's just as if I didn't have one.
Let's race to the Izakaya!
After his wedding, Alain left his small, moldy apartment and led an extravagant life.
I heard that Isezaki city decided to ban beards for male city employees starting June 19. It's the complete opposite of the Taliban laws imposing the wearing of beards.
Not even death can save you from me.
I like to watch TV in my Jacuzzi.
A writer is somebody for whom writing is more difficult than it is for other people.
A man lives not only his personal life, as an individual, but also, consciously or unconsciously, the life of his epoch and his contemporaries.
Time has no divisions to mark its passage, there is never a thunderstorm or blare of trumpets to announce the beginning of a new month or year. Even when a new century begins it is only we mortals who ring bells and fire off pistols.
Mr. Koizumi talks endlessly without stopping.
I'm thinking of going.
We'll buy one car for each.
Do you have something that you want to say to me?
One of the students didn't come today.
What's the date today?
God willing...
It never rains but it pours.
Candles gleamed brightly besides the jacuzzi.
Afrikaners are the people originated in South Africa.
Constant effort yields sure success.
Open windows are good for cooling.
The chance is gone.
At last, she executed the plan.
No matter how bad it gets, she won't die of that kind of sickness.
No matter how bad it gets, she won't die from that disease.
She thought about that matter all the time.
It's too bad that you couldn't come.
Being an only child, he was the sole heir.
You can get a nice view from here when the weather is good.
You don't get up as early as your older sister, do you?
You don't have any money.
Don't you have any money?
He noticed my presence.
I'd be happy to help you.
I'd be most happy to assist you.
I put all of the sheets to dry on the pole.
This region produces precious minerals.
Due to my lumbago, I won't be able to attend Koizumi's party.
My back hurts because I've been fishing all day.
Herbal supplements sold in drugstores have poor quality control and high content variability.
"Hello, who is this?"
The coward is the first to raise his fist.
Having practically unenforced laws on the books allows the police to lock up many people at will, since most people will always be violating some law or another.
The advent of indoor tanning salons now allows Canadians to sport a sun-kissed look all year round.
Relying on strength alone cannot guarantee victory.
A new study has shown that tanning bed use may cause addiction.
He who seeketh horse or wife without flaws, may forsake his work and bear in mind that bed and stable forever empty he will keep.
Mayumi gathered her small change and bought a beach ball.
What you say is true.
What my mother had said was true.
When you wear that dress, you look like a slut.
Crap! My girlfriend is already back! What should we do?!
My friend Kim has really bad anal bleeding sometimes.
This is because there is nothing so beautiful that, even on close inspection, no defects will be found.
They say that he was born in Germany.
I don't like your girlfriend.
Life is too short to learn German.
I can speak Esperanto like a native.
Good luck on the exam!
I don't understand what you are saying.
We plan to climb that mountain.
That boy isn't as mischievous as we thought he would be.
If you hear hoofbeats, don't look for zebras.
I haven't seen him since then.
When I see that play, I always cry.
When you hear hoofbeats behind you, don't expect to see a zebra.
I want to learn Chinese next year.
I am hungry.
It is because light travels faster than sound that some people look brilliant before sounding stupid.
I am the best.
You've certainly been hoping for my love, but until now it has been flatly denied.
After having anal sex with my girlfriend, we usually need to have a good wash.
Kim is so tight, if you stuck a lump of coal up her ass, in two weeks you'd have a diamond!
As I thought, she's a virgin!
When she first saw the size of it, my naive girlfriend was blown away.
Inside, they're depressed, but if you looked at them you'd never know it.
Subdued girls are generally the prettiest I reckon. The loud, bustling ones are awful.
When I hear this song, I think of you, and miss you.
"What a cute puppy. Why is he called Panda?" "Because his face looks like a panda."
Even Japanese people make mistakes using the prefixes 'o' and 'go'.
Things like grammars that can be called absolutely correct do not exist anywhere.
I am a very sad person.
I'm going to a training camp tomorrow. However it's not the physical side that I'll be training, but the mental.
Do you want to know my secret? It's very simple...
Can't you apply the rules a little more elastically?
The bag I left on the passenger seat is missing!
Thank you for inviting us to dinner.
One nail drives out another.
The telephone is one wonderful device.
Kidding! I was simply invited to go out to dinner.
She and I are about the same height.
I have no intention of asking him.
We didn't intend to attack him.
He's not the only fish in the sea.
I'll pay by Visa.
I don't meet him so often.
I'm feeling depressed on the inside, but you can't tell by looking, can you?
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamed being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
Would you join me for some ballroom dancing?
It seems that Mr Hatoyama is living in company housing.
I don't mind since I'm used to it, but the first guy who thought about making a hearse with a golden roof on top of it, he must have had quite bad taste.
My husband tells me he goes to work even on Sundays and holidays but sometimes I suspect there's something fishy about his story.
She is beautiful.
Fear cannot be without hope nor hope without fear.
A free man thinks of death least of all things; and his wisdom is a meditation not of death but of life.
In truth, a man who renders everyone their due because he fears the gallows, acts under the sway and compulsion of others, and cannot be called just. But a man who does the same from a knowledge of the true reason for laws and their necessity, acts from a firm purpose and of his own accord, and is therefore properly called just.
We are not interested in the possibilities of defeat; they do not exist.
It is, I think, an indisputable fact that Americans are, as Americans, the most self-conscious people in the world, and the most addicted to the belief that the other nations of the earth are in a conspiracy to undervalue them.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
The riddles of God are more satisfying than the solutions of man.
Men do not differ much about what things they will call evils; they differ enormously about what evils they will call excusable.
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because they are generally the same people.
To have a right to do a thing is not at all the same as to be right in doing it.
A change of opinions is almost unknown in an elderly military man.
There is something to be said for every error; but, whatever may be said for it, the most important thing to be said about it is that it is erroneous.
Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously.
All men can be criminals, if tempted; all men can be heroes, if inspired.
The oligarchic character of the modern English commonwealth does not rest, like many oligarchies, on the cruelty of the rich to the poor. It does not even rest on the kindness of the rich to the poor. It rests on the perennial and unfailing kindness of the poor to the rich.
It is so easy to be solemn; it is so hard to be frivolous.
The chief object of education is not to learn things; nay, the chief object of education is to unlearn things.
For fear of the newspapers politicians are dull, and at last they are too dull even for the newspapers.
Materialists and madmen never have doubts.
Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly.
Not only are we all in the same boat, but we are all seasick.
The most incredible thing about miracles is that they happen.
If you convey to a woman that something ought to be done, there is always a dreadful danger that she will suddenly do it.
Silver is sometimes more valuable than gold, that is, in large quantities.
Journalism largely consists in saying 'Lord Jones Dead' to people who never knew Lord Jones was alive.
Who will avenge the death of Karl?
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.
How vain it is to sit down to write when you have not stood up to live.
That man is richest whose pleasures are the cheapest.
A living dog is better than a dead lion.
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind.
We are healed of a suffering only by experiencing it to the full.
The Russians copy the French ways, but always fifty years later.
A forty-year-old woman is only something to the men who have loved her in her youth!
Canada, a country covered with snows and ices eight months of the year, inhabited by barbarians, bears and beavers.
You know that two nations are at war about a few acres of snow somewhere around Canada, and that they are spending on this beautiful war more than the whole of Canada is worth.
He is not entirely without courage.
He is certainly not without courage.
He has set off for America.
The salts and minerals found in these mountains are quite diverse.
The women really gave it their utmost.
A great warrior radiates strength. He doesn't have to fight to the death.
Yesterday's board meeting was a big success.
The telephone is just a wonderful device.
All three of us are students.
Maybe, maybe not...
Do you have any drinks?
She tried to squeeze the juice out of the orange.
She tried to squeeze the juice from the orange.
She likes oranges.
I have a stupid question.
Does she like oranges?
May I eat this orange?
She goes to night school.
They always skip school.
They skip school all the time.
They dropped out of school.
And with all their charms they are not of a kind to maintain their influence over us for any length of time, when we know that they are nonentities.
A good Jack makes a good Jill.
You'd better believe it.
Hey guys, please be quiet.
Don't be self-conscious when you travel.
Don't stand near me.
Shake my hand.
We've arrived.
Well, let's get going!
Well, let's go.
Wait a moment.
Hey you! Please wait.
What an idiot I am!
I've been wanting to see you.
You really are lucky, aren't you?
You really are rude, aren't you?
You really are tall, aren't you?
I really am unlucky!
I continued singing.
I sympathize with you.
This is all I know.
I am hungry because I did not eat breakfast.
That's my favorite chair.
That's the chair that I really like.
I like you.
You're not here, so I'm really sad.
You and I have the same idea.
I'm walking with her.
Do what you think is best.
Do as you please.
Don't touch my camera.
This coat fits you perfectly.
Those are my pants.
Am I wrong?
We need your help.
He'll be done soon.
What do you do for a living?
What's your occupation?
When can we eat, I wonder.
A little nap and, just like that, I'm as fresh as a daisy.
The words were from a very old language.
The secret of Hegel's dialectic lies ultimately in this alone, that it negates theology through philosophy in order then to negate philosophy through theology.
Man has many wishes that he does not really wish to fulfil, and it would be a misunderstanding to suppose the contrary. He wants them to remain wishes, they have value only in his imagination; their fulfilment would be a bitter disappointment to him. Such a desire is the desire for eternal life. If it were fulfilled, man would become thoroughly sick of living eternally, and yearn for death.
There is nothing frightening about a normal, natural death, the death of a man who has fulfilled himself and lived out his life.
Christianity set itself the goal of fulfilling man's unattainable desires, but for that very reason ignored his attainable desires.
If Buddhism is attractive, it is because it appears as a possibility of touching the infinite and obtaining happiness without having any concrete religious obligations. A spiritual auto-eroticism of some sort.
It's exactly as you say it is.
You've been deceived.
Where is my clock?
Where are my watches?
Where are my clocks?
How can I get in touch with you?
It's for you to decide.
Once your reputation's gone, you can boldly carry on.
When he claims to desire eternal life, in reality man merely wishes to avoid a premature, violent or gruesome death.
You live freely if you haven't a reputation to lose.
Cruelty, it's the first attribute of God.
Believe those who seek truth, beware those who find it.
The dumber the white man is, the more the black man looks dumb to him.
What I know about morals, I owe to soccer.
True artists scorn nothing; they force themselves to understand instead of judging.
Justice is to judge men on their own merits, not according to their names or their ideas.
No justice or freedom is possible when money always takes the crown.
Only in philosophy can you use a circular argument and get praised for it.
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
If you wish to forget anything on the spot, make a note that this thing is to be remembered.
The boundaries which divide Life from Death are at best shadowy and vague. Who shall say where the one ends, and where the other begins?
In reading some books we occupy ourselves chiefly with the thoughts of the author; in perusing others, exclusively with our own.
I have spread my dreams beneath your feet; Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
Maybe this world is another planet's Hell.
If feeling sick of the world could by itself grant saintliness, I don't see how I could avoid canonization.
The only thing we can ask of others, is not to guess at how lame we are.
We don't inhabit a country but a language. A country is a language and nothing else.
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. And to act so is immoral.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.
To love life is to love God.
He who has love, is in God, and God is in him, for God is love.
I looked up, and did not recognize the same man: before, I had seen death in his face; but now he was alive, and I recognized in him the presence of God.
God shave the Queen!
Pleasure's a sin, and sometimes sin's a pleasure.
Let us have wine and women, mirth and laughter, Sermons and soda water the day after.
"Whom the gods love die young", was said of yore.
A lady of "a certain age," which means certainly aged.
All places are distant from heaven alike.
Birds of a feather will gather together.
The fear of some divine and supreme powers keeps men in obedience.
One was never married, and that's his hell; another is, and that's his plague.
They are proud in humility; proud that they are not proud.
Many things happen between the cup and the lip.
Tobacco, divine, rare, superexcellent tobacco, which goes far beyond all the panaceas, potable gold, and philosopher's stones, a sovereign remedy to all diseases...but as it is commonly abused by most men, which take it as tinkers do ale, 'tis a plague, a mischief, a violent purger of goods, lands, health, hellish, devilish and damned tobacco, the ruin and overthrow of body and soul.
The Way to see by Faith, is to shut the Eye of Reason: The Morning Daylight appears plainer when you put out your Candle.
Kentucky screams "fuck".
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little Temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.
A great Empire, like a great Cake, is most easily diminished at the Edges.
Democracy must be something more than two wolves and a sheep voting on what to have for dinner.
Over the piano was printed a notice: Please do not shoot the pianist. He is doing his best.
A man ought to read just as inclination leads him; for what he reads as a task will do him little good.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives.
Hell is paved with good intentions.
There is now less flogging in our great schools than formerly, but then less is learned there; so that what the boys get at one end they lose at the other.
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford.
It is better to live rich, than to die rich.
Was it a car or a cat I saw?
A poet can survive everything but a misprint.
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
Slaughter is the best medicine.
He who buries his head in the sand today will grind his teeth tomorrow.
The discovery of a new type of meal contributes more to humankind than the discovery of a new star.
Tell me what you eat, I'll tell you what you are.
The other team took us lightly.
Happy chocolate that, after having run around the world through the smiles of women, finds death in a tasty and melting kiss in their mouth.
You can do anything with mayonnaise, except sit on it.
Those who eat to the point of indigestion or become drunk do not know how to eat or drink.
Not everyone who wants to may be a gourmand.
Waiting for too long for a late guest is a lack of consideration towards those guests who are present.
He who has friends for dinner, but takes no care in the meal that he has prepared for them is not worthy of having friends.
How could we govern others when we cannot govern ourselves?
Appetite comes with eating, but the thirst goes away with drinking.
He really wants to meet you.
I can't remember his name.
I know your older brother quite well.
I like this color, too.
If you can use gravity to your advantage, do so.
Either you go, or I go.
In case I can't come, I'll give you a call beforehand.
Oh right, I have something tomorrow.
I went there many times.
I'll pay.
Please tell me what I should do.
What do you eat for breakfast?
Where in Canada are you from?
What part of Canada are you from?
You should go in person.
You don't need to hurry.
You might be late for school.
You don't need to do that right away.
You didn't need to take a taxi.
Can you swim as fast as he can?
He's not as tall as you are.
Why were you there?
I asked her to wait a moment.
I missed the last train.
I won't talk to him anymore.
I want this camera.
I'm sorry, but I can't go with you.
If I were you, I wouldn't do that kind of thing.
It's been thirty years since we got married.
You're right.
There remained no more than 20 people in the village.
No nation was ever so virtuous as each believes itself, and none was ever so wicked as each believes the other.
It is preoccupation with possession, more than anything else, that prevents men from living freely and nobly.
To save the world requires faith and courage: faith in reason, and courage to proclaim what reason shows to be true.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world.
I found one day in school a boy of medium size ill-treating a smaller boy. I expostulated, but he replied: "The bigs hit me, so I hit the babies; that's fair." In these words he epitomized the history of the human race.
The fundamental cause of the trouble is that in the modern world the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt.
Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
Obscenity is whatever happens to shock some elderly and ignorant magistrate.
If throughout your life you abstain from murder, theft, fornication, perjury, blasphemy, and disrespect toward your parents, your church, and your king, you are conventionally held to deserve moral admiration even if you have never done a single kind or generous or useful action.
The only thing that will redeem mankind is co-operation.
The opinions that are held with passion are always those for which no good ground exists; indeed the passion is the measure of the holder's lack of rational conviction. Opinions in politics and religion are almost always held passionately.
Patriots always talk of dying for their country, and never of killing for their country.
Advocates of capitalism are very apt to appeal to the sacred principles of liberty, which are embodied in one maxim: The fortunate must not be restrained in the exercise of tyranny over the unfortunate.
Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
In adolescence, I hated life and was continually on the verge of suicide, from which, however, I was restrained by the desire to know more mathematics.
Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact.
Conventional people are roused to fury by departures from convention, largely because they regard such departures as a criticism of themselves.
Every man would like to be God, if it were possible; some few find it difficult to admit the impossibility.
A stupid man's report of what a clever man says is never accurate, because he unconsciously translates what he hears into something that he can understand.
When one admits that nothing is certain one must, I think, also admit that some things are much more nearly certain than others.
Change is one thing, progress is another. "Change" is scientific, "progress" is ethical; change is indubitable, whereas progress is a matter of controversy.
Every advance in civilization has been denounced as unnatural while it was recent.
In America everybody is of opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.
This is one of those views which are so absurd that only very learned men could possibly adopt them.
You're Germans, aren't you?
You want to watch a French movie, don't you?
When I was working for a public school, I had ten-fifteen students in a class.
In France did you work at the embassy or in the consulate?
When you go to Romania, you will visit Dracula's Castle.
Do you want to go to the movies or to the theater?
Would you be interested in a project you would really like to do?
I saw you working and I didn't bother you.
Tomorrow, I'll take the books to the library.
In the summer I go to the pool every day.
I take my clothes to the cleaner's twice a month.
I don't cry easily.
I know the history of Europe very well.
As soon as I get up, I fix the coffee.
I wash my car in front of the house without any problems.
I bought some Romanian books for the students.
I brought some of my books to read.
Classes start at nine o'clock every day.
When she was a student, she used to go to the disco often.
When she was a student, she went to the disco only once.
When you go to Romania, you will see more.
I had already sent you the letter when you called.
Razvan just left.
Let's see what will happen.
I would like to drink a coffee.
I would have liked to have seen 'Casablanca' when the movie was discussed.
I would go to the movies if I had the time.
I would have gone to the movies if I had had the time.
Please give me a ticket for the seven o'clock show.
Don't bother, I can take care of this myself.
I cannot understand what happened.
When I realized it was raining, I took my umbrella.
Over the weekend I have a lot to wash.
I took my clothes to be cleaned.
Soon I have to go get a haircut.
I saw Andrea leaving home.
I would have gone to the mountains had I had the money.
This summer we'll go to the mountains and to the sea.
Bogdan said he would be there tomorrow.
I visited Romania a few years ago.
I visited Dan.
I see Dan.
I see Dana.
I see Dan and Andrei.
I see Dana and Corina.
I saw Dana.
They see Dan.
Histories are more full of Examples of the Fidelity of dogs than of Friends.
Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul.
Oh name forever sad! forever dear! Still breathed in sighs, still ushered with a tear.
Curse on all laws but those which love has made!
It is with narrow-souled people as with narrow necked bottles: the less they have in them, the more noise they make in pouring it out.
For, as blushing will sometimes make a whore pass for a virtuous woman, so modesty may make a fool seem a man of sense.
Some old men, by continually praising the time of their youth, would almost persuade us that there were no fools in those days; but unluckily they are left themselves for examples.
I wept and I believed.
He borrowed one hundred bucks from me.
Paul often drags heavy tools with him.
He is driving at top speed.
After the pictures were revealed, the actress' clean image was tainted.
Accept both good and bad.
You'd better start as soon as possible.
The bowling shop's opening ceremony was boring.
I was a student at that time.
I entered a singing contest sponsored by a pasta company and I made it to the semifinals.
The pigeons of Boston are fat and proud.
Because Lee was injured, the strength of the Stars has greatly diminished.
I was just drawing pictures, I had no further intention.
Will humanity be able to prevent the degradation of ecosystems?
Every time a failure like that occurs in another department, I'm tempted to call them idiots, but then people like you come along to demonstrate what true idiocy looks like.
Are there dogs that eat raw fish?
It's a lie that, "they don't eat fish raw abroad."
Do whatever you want, there will be gossiping anyhow.
Don't come to school to lark around.
I don't doubt but that he will do it.
When you go abroad, it is useful to learn at least some polite phrases in the local language.
All agree with you.
A cobbler should stick to his last.
A danger foreseen is a danger avoided.
A dog does not eat a dog.
A lie has no legs.
A shoe too large trips one up.
Better safe than sorry.
Don't paint the devil on the wall.
Far from eye far from heart.
For the world, you are somebody, but for somebody you are the world.
Free things always hurt.
According to the Washington Post, between 2000 and 2006, the U.S. government sent $1.3 billion in farm subsidies to people who don't farm.
I always rely on him in times of trouble.
I awoke this morning at the crack of dawn, only to find that the crops had been ruined by ravenous birds.
We suspect it's about a poisoning by snake bite.
When watching TV, please ensure that the room is brightly lit and watch from a distance.
The bus driver didn't see the pedestrian.
"May I park here?" "No, you can't."
The best way to catch a train on time is to make sure to miss the one that precedes it.
Consider what we do to our children. We do not say to them: 'Some people think the earth is round, and others think it is flat; when you grow up, you can, if you like, examine the evidence and form your own conclusion.' Instead of this we say: 'The earth is round.' By the time our children are old enough to examine the evidence, our propaganda has closed their minds...
Well, I'll translate fifteen more sentences in German, but after that I'm leaving.
Turn left and you will find the cafe.
She takes a shower every morning.
Man is born free; and everywhere he is in chains.
The strongest is never strong enough to always be master, unless he transforms strength into right, and obedience into duty. From there derives the right of the strongest.
Nature never deceives us; it is always we who deceive ourselves.
I have entered on an enterprise which is without precedent, and will have no imitator.
In the strict sense of the term, a true democracy has never existed, and never will exist. It is against natural order that the great number should govern and that the few should be governed.
Lend me a memo pad or something.
Among human beings, the subjection of women is much more complete at a certain level of civilisation than it is among savages. And the subjection is always reinforced by morality.
She has beautiful eyes.
It turned out that their office had a lot of women.
In former days, men sold themselves to the Devil to acquire magical powers. Nowadays they acquire those powers from science, and find themselves compelled to become devils.
And these signs shall follow them that believe; In my name shall they cast out devils; they shall speak with new tongues; they shall take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing it shall not hurt them; they shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover!
Who was Number One?
An old man was resting in the shade of the tree.
My older brother did all the preparation for us.
My older brother made all the preparations for us.
One morning, she unexpectedly met him on the street.
If you compare this to that, which is better?
He must be the principal.
I'm doing this for you.
Even with all his wealth and fame, he's unhappy.
The weak are food for the strong.
These shoes are too small.
Are you married?
This is my father's.
Ann doesn't have any sisters.
Ann doesn't have a sister.
The class begins at 8:30.
Can I borrow something to write on?
Gimme something to write on.
That's me - the coward unable to muster his courage and find out the truth.
Ann likes chocolate very much.
Ann loves chocolate.
Ann is exceedingly fond of chocolate.
Ann is a sucker for chocolate.
Ann loves chocolate more than anything.
Ann is partial to chocolate.
The coastal ecosystem of British Columbia is rapidly declining.
He who seeks a flawless horse or flawless wife, may rest assured that even if his work he did forsake, nor bed nor stable would he ever fill.
English is never wrong when it is beautiful.
The miner asked the lamp spirit for a happy life.
Following the demographic data, the government was obliged to adopt a policy that would stimulate birth rate.
This movie is about a poor girl who gets mistaken for the daughter of a rich man in the confusion following a train crash.
It doesn't start before eight thirty.
I'm thinking about complaining about my son's teacher at the kindergarten.
It takes a while to relax.
Take care in whatever you do.
One must take care in whatever one does.
The Ying Yang diviner may not predict his own fate.
According to research by Gunnar Samuelsson, Jesus may not have died on a cross. Instead, it's possible that he died on a pole or a tree trunk.
Physician, heal thyself.
Where have you come from?
How many magazines are on the desk?
No problem!
They weren't at home yesterday.
My dream is to buy a Lamborghini tractor.
His proposal is completely out of the question.
Frugality with diligence builds houses like castles.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
He's famous around the world.
He was not happy at all.
It's OK.
Please come and help me.
Come home.
This is my mother.
Why were you picking up guys?
Let's do it.
Let's try it.
What is this shit?
What the bloody fuck is that?
The Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System is also called DEERS.
Men are greedy.
Good evening, how are you?
What's this?
If I could be like that...
There's no doubt that the universe is infinite.
This medicine will help you.
How far is it from here to that station?
What time is it now by your watch?
What time does your watch say it is now?
I live in this neighborhood.
I live near here.
You don't have to make a different dish for every person.
This further proof that the chairman of the board is a few croutons short of a salad.
My black shoes need heel repairs.
If you don't want to attend classes in the seminar on the topic "Fighting Corruption Inside the Enterprise", you can just pay 200 hryven' and receive the certificate.
Please translate this Japanese text into French.
He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star.
The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
The nakedness of woman is the work of God.
As the catterpillar chooses the fairest leaves to lay her eggs on, so the priest lays his curse on the fairest joys.
If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite.
Every Harlot was a Virgin once.
Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read'st black where I read white.
He works at the bank.
It is justice, not charity, that is wanting in the world.
The same energy of character which renders a man a daring villain would have rendered him useful to society, had that society been well organized.
We reason deeply, when we forcibly feel.
It is the preservation of the species, not of individuals, which appears to be the design of Deity throughout the whole of nature.
Situation seems to be the mould in which men's characters are formed.
An ardent affection for the human race makes enthusiastic characters eager to produce alteration in laws and governments prematurely.
No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
Virtue can only flourish amongst equals.
Every political good carried to the extreme must be productive of evil.
Women are systematically degraded by receiving the trivial attentions which men think it manly to pay to the sex, when, in fact, men are insultingly supporting their own superiority.
You assume we are all sexually stable; while on the other hand, as I have become acquainted with people, I find that they are all perverted sinners, one way or another, that the whole society is corrupt and rotten and repressed and unconscious that it exhibits its repression in various forms of social sadism.
There is nothing God cannot do.
They say that God is everywhere, and yet we always think of Him as somewhat of a recluse.
The very pure spirit does not bother about the regard of others or human respect, but communes inwardly with God, alone and in solitude as to all forms, and with delightful tranquility, for the knowledge of God is received in divine silence.
The soul that desires God to surrender himself to it entirely must surrender itself entirely to him without keeping anything for itself.
Live as though only God and yourself were in this world, so that your heart may not be detained by anything human.
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience; we are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves. All we need is to imagine our ability to love developing until it embraces the totality of men and the earth.
The world can no more have two summits than a circumference can have two centres.
If this were played upon a stage now, I could condemn it as an improbable fiction.
My girlfriend's daughters have joined Facebook.
My father bought a new car.
Would you mind if I sit at the same table?
Please put your shoes on.
I can't see anything.
To leave is to die a little, but to die is to leave very much.
How about some chocolate cheese?
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
The time is always right to do what's right.
It is true that behavior cannot be legislated, and legislation cannot make you love me, but legislation can restrain you from lynching me, and I think that is kind of important.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
I'm sure that he'll get angry.
No one in his class can run faster than he does.
No one in the class runs as fast as he does.
I'll just introduce myself.
Nowhere but in the world of the antique is it more obvious that many of the things that we, as individuals hold dear, are completely arbitrary.
Teaching ESL is usually a gig for losers and boozers.
He didn't pay the slightest heed to that exam.
He holds great influence with the Association of Medical Sciences.
We can learn a lot about a society by looking at its driving culture.
I sincerely hope for his happiness.
Any teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be.
But so that we may not cause offense, go to the lake and throw out your line. Take the first fish you catch; open its mouth and you will find a four-drachma coin. Take it and give it to them for my tax and yours.
I went to the cinema with my brother.
When the farmer drops dead off the tractor, then at the edge of the forest, there must be a reactor.
When the chickens are flat as pancakes, then again the tractor must have been faster than them.
When the full moon falls down on the roof at night, all the farmers are woken up.
You don't even try to help me.
I'm not a woman hater; and if I were, I would make an exception for you.
When the heater in the barn fails, you get milk-flavoured ice cubes.
You're completely right.
When the cow flies high and the ox flies low, there probably is a twister.
Shit shot with a gun makes the best freckles.
I have often admired the mystical way of Pythagoras, and the secret Magic of numbers.
Persecution is a bad and indirect way to plant Religion.
Happy are they that go to bed with grave music.
The long habit of living indisposeth us for dying.
We all labour against our own cure; for death is the cure of all disease.
The heart of man is the place the devil dwells in; I feel sometimes a hell within myself.
Death is one of two things. Either it is annihilation, and the dead have no consciousness of anything; or, as we are told, it is really a change: a migration of the soul from this place to another.
The Bible, as a revelation from God, was not designed to give us all the information we might desire, nor to solve all the questions about which the human soul is perplexed, but to impart enough to be a safe guide to the haven of eternal rest.
There is no piety in the world which is not the result of cultivation, and which cannot be increased by the degree of care and attention bestowed upon it.
When life has been well spent; when there is a conscience without reproach; when there is faith in the Saviour; when there is a well-founded hope of heaven, there can be nothing that should disquiet us.
On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down.
I've a yen for adventures.
The love of a young maiden is a poem. The love of an old maid is philosophy.
To turn a disaster into an opportunity.
Let's wait and see and drink some tea.
Red sky in morning; global warming. Red sky at night, reactor's alight.
Even with all his money, he's unhappy.
Even with all the money he has, he isn't happy.
Did you buy her something for Christmas?
He isn't the only one with this opinion.
I used to play tennis with him on Sundays.
I often used to play tennis with him on Sundays.
It seems obvious that he is sick.
It's a messy situation.
Courses in analysis begin with the fundamental notions of mathematical logic, important proof techniques, and the construction of real and complex numbers.
I had neither the time to go shopping, nor to say goodbye to my mother.
I will show that it's possible to be reborn from one's ashes.
It won't start before eight-thirty.
There's no doubt: the universe is infinite.
A mathematician is a man who not only understands the idea put forth before him, but who sees as well the error in its foundations.
Don't ruin my fun after all the pain that I put myself through.
Who are the idiots who said that teachers should push for larger amounts of homework, seeing as the students don't work enough?
This humanitarian group looks for volunteers to distribute meals to the homeless during the month of December.
Tomorrow is back-to-school day! For once, I'm anxious to go back.
I'm experiencing some heartburn.
He studies French and web design.
When man and woman unite, work is no longer as tiring.
Let's have a try.
Little Ming still doesn't know where he's going to go next year.
It scares me not to see you online the entire day.
I don't want to imagine ever looking up "Viagra" on Wikipedia.
Bernard Kouchner, who established Medecins Sans Frontieres, did not oppose the Iraq war.
It's just that I admire you.
Presidential candidate Obama's economics team seems to be made up of distinguished neoliberals.
He wasn't destined to see her again.
I like the short hairstyle.
I called my friend after arriving at the station.
Do you like sci-fi movies?
It was a quiet winter evening.
She was bewitched by his smile.
My dad bought me books.
I got older, and so I started looking at things differently.
He decided to put off his departure.
This mountain is covered in snow all-year-round.
Even though she grew up in Japan, she speaks fluent English.
I'm a lefty.
Regardless what he does, he does it well.
My father will return at the beginning of next month.
Don't forget to turn off the gas before leaving the house.
It's obvious to everyone that he's a genius.
What's wrong about men ruling over women?
I'm a serious office lady and a good wife and mother at home.
Men should keep out of the kitchen.
The number of muffins that you'll receive will be inversely proportional to the number of times you talk on IRC.
Do you think that chest hair is sexy?
I've had my hair removed permanently, so my skin is smooth.
I'm really tired and want to go to bed early.
At last we meet! I've waited so long for this day!
He spent a few months wandering around Europe.
I don't know anything about him, other than his name.
I'll stay here for a bit.
It's like him to behave that way.
He wrote a letter.
As soon as he was left alone, he opened the letter.
Do you speak French?
He inherited the business from his father.
Both sisters are very beautiful.
She always picks fault with him.
The match was cancelled due to rain.
I have to take the entrance exams next year.
They put off their departure due to the heavy snow.
The ice melted.
She brags about how well she can cook.
I don't wear glasses anymore.
The girl in the picture has a flower wreath on her head, and not a golden crown.
Have you already decided on your thesis topic?
No one was late.
I quit smoking.
Kouchner, the French Minister for Foreign Affairs, advocated the G14 group.
"You OK?" "Wha-... Yes, it's nothing."
The test result showed how much he had studied.
There's a splendid park in the centre of the town.
UN stands for United Nations.
My personality is not at all serious!
I'm trying mah-jong for the first time.
He's not serious.
I will try.
Is it splendid, this world?
Rock, paper, scissors.
I am delighted to have met you today.
I'm glad I met you today.
The castle is beautiful.
The word "impossible" isn't in the French language.
This castle is beautiful.
This lock is beautiful.
The Steve Miller Band released a new album in June of 2010.
Did you buy this book?
Please sit down.
No woman is as arrogant as she is.
I think hairiness is a symbol of masculinity, so I really like it.
All men naturally hate each other.
It takes time to relax.
Social order does not come from nature. It is founded on customs.
He voluntarily helped his mum clean.
Buddha, impressed by the rabbit's efforts, raised him unto the moon and set him in that form forever more.
Good day, how are you?
All the other children in the school had rich parents, and he was beginning to feel like a fish out of water.
Not for school, but for life do we learn.
It is important that no one is allowed to slack off on their assigned work.
The words poison and potion are cognates.
The woman observes and the man thinks.
I'm good at Japanese.
I'm going to exercise every day.
There's still a lot left to do, so I won't get bored.
Impossible is not a French word.
There's no such word as "can't".
French people don't think of anything as impossible.
There is nothing that the gods may not do.
Trang's party was as fun as a funeral wake.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Only the dead have seen the end of war.
Real happiness comes cheap; if it's expensive, it's not of a good type.
I'm afraid it won't work.
I think it won't succeed.
In 2009, Korea suffered the dishonor of having the highest suicide rate amongst OECD countries.
In South Korea, the most powerful member of a family, usually the oldest living male, has the power to send members of his family to a psychiatric hospital as he sees fit.
Trang's party was like a wake.
Korean mental hospitals have been compared to concentration camps. Patients are said to be treated like animals who are subjected to violence and maltreatment rather than therapy.
Argleton is a town in West Lancashire, England which exists only on Google maps.
Necessity knows no law.
We shall leave tomorrow, weather permitting.
We shall leave in the morning, weather permitting.
My past self is another person.
Woman observes, man decides.
He called me a taxi.
He called a taxi for me.
He called a cab for me.
He works at a bank.
Where are you going?
I didn't mean to give that impression.
What did you have for lunch today?
This is a no-swimming zone.
He's very soft-hearted.
Die already!
Break for bath & food, back in about 40 minutes!
Liar today, thief tomorrow.
He that will lie, will steal.
Shillings, not greetings.
It takes about 10 minutes to get to the train station by foot.
Cup ramen are bad for your health.
What a beautiful sunset.
Please go at the most convenient time for you.
I wonder if he'll come tomorrow.
You're a human.
Can your mom drive a car?
Please wash your hands properly before eating.
I ate noodles for the first time today.
What a nice sounding word!
The world which I saw in my dream was a peaceful world devoid of war.
But the person in charge is there precisely to take responsibility.
You can study, no matter your age.
It's fine, there's no need to feel uncomfortable!
It was cheaper than I thought.
I ate the cheese.
The food was great in Italy.
Before you give orders, you must learn to obey.
What do I have to do now that I'm registered?
Help yourself and God will help you.
There's no need to advertise a good sake.
Each man calls barbarism whatever is not his own practice.
I can probably give you seven minutes.
We disturbed him.
Is English harder than Japanese?
Speak of the next year, and the devil will laugh.
There is no cure for lovesickness.
I am a lonely man.
Let's shred your wings into small pieces and throw them away.
Let's shackle your feet with silver fetters.
If nobody knows what's coming next, nobody will be disappointed.
Knock on the door of one's heart.
Knock on the door of happiness.
There is no King on the Road of Death.
We can't fix this by selling stuff!
Do you like tennis?
You're not just peddling stuff!
You need this.
Never put off to tomorrow what you can do today.
Like a thorn stuck in your throat.
It seems that it's impossible to distinguish an obsessional neurosis from an intense love from a biochemical perspective.
The train came out of the long tunnel forming the border, and there was the snow country.
While we were out for a picnic, our house's lock was picked by a thief.
Nice flowers don't yield good fruits.
Everything that is in this world is but a dream.
Even hell can be a nice place to live when you get used to it.
Heaven and Hell only exist in men's hearts.
I've got to get to sleep soon.
From now on, you will become the toughest fifteen year old in the world.
When happiness comes knocking at your door.
"Really?" "Yes, really."
How did you reply?
What is the problem?
What other options are there?
Why say sorry for something you haven't even done?
Happy Canada Day!
Much confusion ensued following this news report.
Your look betrays you.
It's quiet in the suburbs...
What did the doctor say?
Tom learnt from Mr Ogawa that many people have scorn for the nouveau riche.
He is an able lawyer.
I saw him for the first time in 10 years.
But for my advice you would have failed.
If you hadn't had my advice, you would have failed.
If you hadn't had advice, you'd have failed.
That pole is off vertical.
Long time, no see.
It's been a long time.
I haven't seen you for a long time.
It's been a while since we last met.
I haven't seen you in a long time.
I haven't seen you for a while.
I'll stand by you no matter what happens.
I haven't seen you for ages.
Wow! It's been a long time.
I haven't seen you in ages.
He lost his job.
I caused him a lot of trouble.
I made a doll for Ann.
Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law.
Act in such a way that you treat humanity, whether in your own person or in the person of any other, never merely as a means to an end, but always at the same time as an end.
He is quick to take offence.
When in love, even pockmarks are dimples.
He doesn't have any idea how important this meeting is.
These shoes are hers.
The sound from the thundersticks was overwhelming at the stadium today.
I was able to catch the last train because I walked very quickly.
I couldn't understand anything that he said.
Both of those students didn't pass the test.
Both of the students passed all their tests.
Since I walked very fast, I was in time for the last train.
He understood the negative outcomes of being wasteful.
The fundamental problem in arguing with a person who denies global warming is that they use erroneous logic.
Revenge is a dish best served cold.
My old-fashioned grandfather complains about the way girls are dressed nowadays.
According to what I heard after, the teacher didn't come until the end of the class.
Comedy is much closer to real life than drama.
We can find societies without science, without art or without philosophy; but there never was a society without religion.
If you look from afar, most things will look nice.
Things that you see with your eyes are not necessarily true.
The wall separating criminals from non-criminals is not as thick as we think.
There's no such thing as a perfect sentence. Just as there's no such thing as perfect despair.
It's not immoral for a novelist to tell lies. In fact, the bigger the lies, the better lies, and the more the common folks and critics will praise you.
Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs even though checkered by failure, than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.
Forget about the past. Compared to yesterday, I like today more. That's why I try to enjoy the moment, that's all.
When nobody knows that something is, it's quite the same as if it were not.
The obedience of everyone to rules, even absurd ones, promotes a greater cohesion within society.
Today's mission: milk tea with mochi.
Attempts to fight the fire with buckets soon proved fruitless.
This is by far the best of all of these.
My eyes hurt.
Ivo saw the grape.
I just finished reading Wuthering Heights.
I have a sore throat.
Hey, you! No running by the pool!
At this time of day, most customers are adults here to exercise, there aren't that many kids.
When I got worried and went to check on him, it looked like he'd barricaded himself in the department's toilet and wasn't coming out.
However, the princess had barricaded herself in her room and wouldn't come out.
What do I think, you say ... well then, I'll give you my candid opinion.
I'm a good taxi driver.
Life is short, but it's long enough.
"Your nose is dripping." "S-sorry."
Go to school! You lazy bastard.
I'm going out in an hour.
This must have been some kind of Freudian slip.
A Freudian slip is when you mean one thing, but you say your mother.
Law and politics are two different things.
Don't worry! Even if I drink, it doesn't have an effect on my driving.
Even children can read this book.
We suffer primarily not from our vices or our weaknesses, but from our illusions.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A sign of a celebrity is often that his name is worth more than his services.
While the easiest way in metaphysics is to condemn all metaphysics as nonsense, the easiest way in morals is to elevate the common practice of the community into a moral absolute.
Since the Creator had made the facts of the after-life inaccessible to man, He must not have required that man understand death in order to live fruitfully.
Sadder than the beggar is the man who eats alone in public.
The problem is worthy of being remembered.
She has no qualms about being violent towards her children.
He got 90% in English.
Riding double on a bicycle is dangerous.
I wish I had the time to stay and talk with you.
The thief-taker arrested many thieves at the same time.
How generous you are to give me so much money.
You idiot!
Happy Fourth of July!
Two people can enter with this ticket.
With this ticket, two people can enter for free.
I'll come back to Australia the day after tomorrow.
Japanese eat three meals a day.
Minnesota's state bird is the mosquito.
She said, "Thank you for the meal," to the cook.
I wonder what effect technical advances such as the Internet, mobile phones and digitalization technology have on the people's awareness, actions and interest in politics.
40, 50, is a snot-nosed brat.
Lithuania is a member of the European Union.
We have lots of snow in the winter.
When will you get married?
When are you going to get married?
There's no one in the room.
I don't think he'll come.
Leaving your suspicious actions I've seen a mystery - are you trying to rob me of my sleep?
Today was fun.
Isn't that annoying?
Isn't Shinji a pain? He is, isn't he?
"Age?" "16."
"How old are you?" "I'm sixteen."
Yes, what of it?
That's right, but what's it to you?
You must be sad since you lost one of your friends.
You will be missed by your friends when you're gone.
Hurt people hurt people.
The earth can satisfy our needs but not our greed.
When you use the last sheet, don't think: "The person after me will manage just fine."
Gentlemen, lift the toilet seat! Ladies also like to sit dry.
I can do it by myself!
But, knowing precisely sadness and love and death, and that they are vain images when we observe them from the calm space where we should shut ourselves in, he kept on weeping, and desiring love, and fearing death.
Martial arts have their limits. You just have to look at Bruce Lee. He was the strongest but he couldn't help dying.
It's always a great relief, as religion says, to think about someone unhappier than ourselves.
She used to be a teacher.
If there is such a thing as an unforgivable act, it is the act of not forgiving.
People cling on to life more than anything - a funny idea, given all the beautiful things that exist in the world.
I have a lot of homework.
When you like the way you breathe, they will all take it to be a respiratory illness.
When he was young, he was poor and had to live on rice gruel.
He has a pleasant voice.
I think that it's dangerous to go walking alone at night.
Luck is like a woman - it must be desired.
Despite his young age, he did a very good job.
But the work on the farm was enjoyable.
The future of humanity remains undetermined, as it depends on it.
There are things that only intelligence is capable of searching for, but which it itself will never find. These things can only be found by instinct, but it will never search for them.
That meat is chicken.
I'll try harder next time.
I'm sorry, but I'm going home.
I've finished reading that book.
I continued working.
I returned the book to the library.
He overslept this morning.
A long time ago, there was a bridge here.
At one time, there was a bridge here.
Example sentence no. 354618 created a lot of confusion on the Tatoeba website.
There was a lot of snow last year.
The security level, as established by the Department of Homeland Security, is orange.
I have to study for the test.
My wife catches colds easily.
I want to breathe some fresh air.
What'll you be doing over the weekend?
I enjoy eating hot soup.
I don't like movies.
She doesn't need to work.
Running is good for your health.
That furniture is my mother's.
I'll return at 6:30.
My leg was bitten by that dog.
Nobody ever got rich by saving on drinks.
She was often late for school.
My head aches so.
Going off-line for a bath.
All is illusion.
"Are you OK?" "I'm fine!"
Hello, are you Mr Ogawa?
Light-roasted coffee brands remain the most popular.
His students speak bad about him behind his back.
She was never heard speaking ill of others.
I can't breath through my nose.
Could you talk a little slower?
The lake has a diameter of 3 miles.
Is the university's library open now?
The TV's on.
He turned his coat around.
He's still at work.
They aren't here yet.
He left just a moment ago.
I've put on weight recently.
There's been a lot of rain this year.
You should wear a coat.
Please wait a little while longer.
Is it okay if I take a break?
Magda will be married to a Spaniard.
This will cost about 10 thousand yen.
Wouldn't you like to eat?
Emet, we need more meat!
Do you have vegetarian pilaf?
I would like something to drink.
We only have tea.
There's a fly in the noodle broth.
We only make Uighur food.
How many kebabs will you have?
We now have politicians who lack a child's knowledge of government.
Those fated to meet will do so regardless of distance. Those not fated will not, even if they are across from one another.
When do you usually get off work?
We have five kinds of kebab.
A plate of pilaf with some kebabs is heaven on earth.
You should read books beneficial to you.
I wish my grass were emo, then it would cut itself.
I enrolled in an art school when I was eight.
He sang on-stage.
He's working in a troupe right now.
He's a singer that's loved by everyone.
Do you like the people leading the country?
If we continue like this, it's as clear as day that the Japan of five years on will be in decline.
Everyone loves that place.
Let's eat a watermelon!
I can come tomorrow.
This miserable old church is the oldest building in our country.
This pigeon flew from San Francisco to New York.
They helped each other with homework.
Help each other with homework.
The only remaining region in the world where obesity is uncommon is sub-Saharan Africa.
Please take me out for dinner!
In America, the consumption of fast-food has tripled between 1977 and 1995.
All of these meetings are in English.
Though I may be in the jaws of death, I am as a firm as a rock.
Though I am in the tiger's mouth, I am as calm as Mount Tai.
There's no manti right now.
Liu Bei and Zhuge Liang are an unbeatable team.
They haven't arrived yet.
The road to hell is paved with good intentions.
I'd better get to bed soon.
If only I could sing well.
In times of crisis one should never idealise the past.
I began the book.
I started writing the book.
I started reading the book.
I've paid parking fines a number of times myself.
She came round to watching TV.
He saw he was wrong.
I never thought I'd make this mistake myself.
Obviously I agree that you should advance in life through your own efforts.
Sitting in her panther hide chair, the young woman, clad in red lingerie, was reading aloud a book titled "The Black Princess".
Is that answer right?
This morning I had a bit of a disagreement with my wife. I didn't think it was a big deal, but seeing what she's like this evening I think I must have upset her.
Walking back from his house, I frantically searched through my memory.
"What happened to your nose?" "When I was backing my car up I went to check behind me, convinced that the car window was open, and bashed my face into it!"
I can't stand that noise.
I can't imagine going out in this weather.
I can't do any more than this.
I can't put up with her any longer.
I can't agree with you on that point.
I can't stand that kind of politician.
I can't understand this at all.
I can't understand what you said at all.
What you said makes absolutely no sense to me.
The net-cafes here cater to students; fees start at around a pound an hour.
This financial audit also includes an evaluation of the company's assets.
I don't like the look of the weather today. I'm worried the hanami party might be cancelled.
The woman downed the gin and lime that was served in one swallow.
She simply wept a river of tears before her father's grave.
I must needs do him that justice to declare, that I never observed in him but an abhorrence to all base things.
I must needs do this work today.
I arrived just in time for the plane.
Demand for occupational therapy has surged in recent years.
I was kept waiting nearly half an hour.
My eyes are blue.
My room is on the fourth floor.
Prepare yourself for the future.
Is it possible that King Albert has a secret relationship with Princess Diana? I don't believe so. He's too fat.
You look ill. Are you?
You hit for 120 points!
His legs are long.
Chris nimbly dodged the attack!
Select action for Chris.
Chris swung his sword!
Chris defeated the vampire knight!
Chris gets 7 gold coins!
He's a weak-willed man.
Two new species of pancake batfishes have been found in the area affected by the BP oil spill.
What kind of food do you have?
We have pilaf, lo mein, and kebabs in our restaurant.
Let me cut the carrots.
The doctor advised him to cut back on drinking.
The doctor advised him to cut down on drinking.
Can an omnipotent God create a stone so heavy that even He may not lift it?
On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good and not quite all the time.
A Mr. So and So came today.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
Are you an Uighur?
"My mother's American, and my father is Uighur." "Really?" "No! I was joking!"
There's no beer here.
Let me go to the store.
What should I buy?
Please wait a bit.
Better a small fish than an empty dish.
"Hippopotomonstrosesquipedaliophobia is quite a long word, isn't it?" "Yes, but do you know what it means?" "Actually, I don't." "It means fear of long words." "How ironic."
Good wine needs no bush.
Stuff today and starve tomorrow.
One swallow does not make a spring.
A new broom sweeps clean.
A man with a full belly thinks no one is hungry.
I'll go on living without you.
It's you I've come for.
I almost stepped on a skunk last night.
Net profit for the period is estimated at 5 billion yen, largely unchanged from the previous one.
Net profit for the last three months is a new record high!
They went to the station by car.
My little sister and I used to play tag a lot. We would chase each other, and the one chasing would try to tag the one being chased and yell: "You're it!"
After dinner comes the reckoning.
It's hot.
Neither fish nor fowl.
You've traded bad for worse.
Let well alone.
Woman in a wheelchair holes up in supermarket.
A great ship asks deep waters.
Your efforts should be appreciated.
I don't like Alice.
Aaron killed Elizabeth.
Abbott killed Mary.
Alister killed Barbara.
It was Alister who killed Barbara.
It was Barbara who Elister killed.
Barbara was killed by Alister.
Chris didn't have a car to drive.
She was named Alice after her aunt.
Could you take me to a hospital, please?
Betty is a serial killer.
I have always kept my promises.
George seems to be a good boy.
Elizabeth killed Alister in cold blood.
Aaron was coldly killed by Mary.
This morning at the station, her attention was caught by a poster with bold letters.
Betty killed Jane while she was singing.
Reading is prohibited in this library.
Our chef is very busy today.
I'm not an Uighur. I'm a Russian.
Disney strip-mines the world's fairy tales for ideas and then sues people for intellectual property infringement.
When will we reach the airport?
I fell ill last year.
Ken didn't have the nerve to try it again.
Ken didn't have the courage to try it again.
Who is taller, Ken or Taro?
Ken lit the candles.
Mary helped her mother cook.
That desk is too small for Meg.
When it comes to disco dancing, I'm no match for Susan.
Tom made some mistakes on the test.
Today I discovered that there's a movie called "The Russians are coming! The Russians are coming!"
If God doesn't exist in our world, then I will create God with my own hands.
I'm setting off tonight.
He doesn't have any children.
Long time, no see. I hear that you've changed your job again.
He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword.
As Jesus passed along the Sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and his brother Andrew casting a net into the lake.
Is it possible to pass the tax accountant exam by self study?
I have two older sisters.
I'm at the LSM to present the Tatoeba project.
Charles I of England was executed by guillotine.
George is captain of our team.
It ain't like before, you know.
I'm at the Libre Software Meeting to present the Tatoeba project.
It seemed the quarrel would finally be talked out, when Mark added fuel to the fire by bringing up the question of who was guilty.
He knows the area like the back of his hand.
He's making a mountain out of a molehill. That typo really isn't as bad as he claims.
They promise us the moon, but I suspect we can wait for the fulfillment of those promises till hell freezes over.
Something really should be done about the problem, but this is cracking a nut with a sledgehammer.
When you want to say "I promise", if you say "koko ni chikaimasu" you'll sound more like a native.
Suddenly the eldest daughter spoke up, saying, "I want candy."
The rain fell soundlessly upon the jungle.
It takes eight hours to fly from Zurich to Boston, but only six for the return trip.
Damn, this ice cream is really good!
Where is Hakata station located?
He disguised himself as a peasant and infiltrated the walled city.
Charles the First of England was guillotined.
Shouldn't we make our fields - our entire life - an immense work of art in four dimensions?
We talked about what we could do.
I can't stand this noise.
The patient is getting worse from one day to the next.
It's cold there even in the summer.
My opinion is completely different from yours.
I know her.
Kim is dressed in a very attractive manner.
Kim is dressed very attractively.
All the passengers were killed in the crash.
Bill was killed by a burglar.
Betty is a dance teacher.
Betty came last.
The president proposed a new plan.
Hey, Mimi! How's it going?
Would King Albert have an affair with Princess Diana? I think not. He's too fat.
I may not always be free on Sundays.
You must avoid making those kinds of mistakes.
Let's meet this afternoon.
She's not admitting her mistake.
She ironed her shirt.
Iceland belonged to Denmark.
Bill, give me a call tonight.
I'm a new student.
He's always dissatisfied.
I heard him speak fluent English.
He'll be there in ten minutes.
Laughter is the only cure against vanity, and vanity is the only laughable fault.
Skiing is very fun.
One must act as a man of thought and think as a man of action.
If you take a single piece of the cake, I'll give you hell.
Actually, I'd also like to go.
She went to college to learn English.
They got married when they were still young.
I've known her since I was little.
He lost his sight in the accident.
Yumi speaks very good English.
My father encouraged me to learn how to play the piano.
I missed the plane. Could I take the next one?
She leaned on his shoulder.
She should have bought a used car.
She takes care of many elderly people.
When do you get up?
In the summer, we're used to going swimming in the river.
Except for me, there wasn't a single person there.
What do you want to do while you're here?
"How long will the meeting go for?" "Two hours."
The train is going at a speed of 50 miles per hour.
She's only two years old, but she can already count to 100.
Bill and his younger brother are nothing alike.
The Shinano River is longer than any river in Japan.
Red and blue - which one do you like?
You like it?
"Would you please call me a taxi?" "OK, you're a taxi."
Prehistoric men were skilled in knapping.
Japanese education is sometimes said to employ the drill and kill method.
Hah, your 'forbidden magics' aren't going to work with me!
I should have exiled myself to the summit of a mountain and spent my days growing bonsais and writing kanji in black ink.
The money was stolen along with the bonds.
She said: "I'm very happy."
In the year 2000, the French health system had been selected by the WHO as the best performing in terms of dispensing and organizing healthcare.
What are we, indeed, what is our character, if not the concentration of the things which we have lived since our birth.
Have you ever heard about Hollywood accounting?
I personally believe that U.S. Americans are unable to do so because, uh, some people out there in our nation don't have maps and, uh, I believe that our, uh, education like such as in South Africa and, uh, the Iraq, everywhere like such as, and, I believe that they should, our education over here in the U.S. should help the U.S., uh, or, uh, should help South Africa and should help the Iraq and the Asian countries, so we will be able to build up our future, for our children.
Life's meaning has always eluded me and I guess it always will. But I love it just the same.
Humor can be dissected, as a frog can, but the thing dies in the process and the innards are discouraging to any but the pure scientific mind.
I would feel more optimistic about a bright future for man if he spent less time proving that he can outwit Nature and more time tasting her sweetness and respecting her seniority.
When I get sick of what men do, I have only to walk a few steps in another direction to see what spiders do. Or what the weather does. This sustains me very well indeed.
He loves her hair, her smile, her eyes? Wow, he is fucking good at telling lies!
Beautiful, intelligent and hot - this describes what he is not.
Hard work never killed anyone. But why take the risk?!
Please don't get mad, sir! I'm a new worker!
My father is a hard-working, straightforward, and modest person.
How do people manage to sleep on the plane?
Are there taxis around here?
What time do you go to work?
If there's a big earthquake, the house could really collapse!
Just as if it were my tail, wherever I go, it goes too.
We often play chess.
Ostriches can't fly.
Don't crack a nut with a sledgehammer.
Mary killed Abbott.
Mosquitoes in Minnesota are as big as storks.
I shall never follow links posted by Muiriel again.
Muiriel is an Indian.
This sentence isn't written clearly.
He returned from the office.
Conspicuous consumption of valuable goods is a means of reputability to the gentleman of leisure.
The superior gratification derived from the use and contemplation of costly and supposedly beautiful products is, commonly, in great measure a gratification of our sense of costliness masquerading under the name of beauty.
The walking stick serves the purpose of an advertisement that the bearer's hands are employed otherwise than in useful effort, and it therefore has utility as an evidence of leisure.
The outcome of any serious research can only be to make two questions grow where only one grew before.
You know everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects.
Heroing is one of the shortest-lived professions there is.
You can't say that civilization doesn't advance, however, for in every war they kill you in a new way.
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save.
We are the first nation to starve to death in a storehouse that's overfilled with everything we want.
There is one rule that works in every calamity. Be it pestilence, war, or famine, the rich get richer and poor get poorer. The poor even help arrange it.
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them.
An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out.
We are here just for a spell and then pass on. So get a few laughs and do the best you can. Live your life so that whenever you lose it, you are ahead.
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
If you find yourself in a hole, stop digging.
Put your hand down.
It was the sort of weird car that made me want to blurt out, "what the heck is that?"
People that don't think Latin is the most beautiful language understand nothing.
Demetrius is slandering me!
There is in all barbarian communities a profound sense of the disparity between man's and woman's work.
Such employments as warfare, politics, public worship, and public merrymaking, are felt, in the popular apprehension, to differ intrinsically from the labour that has to do with elaborating the material means of life.
The sexes differ, not only in stature and muscular force, but perhaps even more decisively in temperament, and this must early have given rise to a corresponding division of labour.
The earliest form of ownership is an ownership of the women by the able bodied men of the community.
The ownership of women begins in the lower barbarian stages of culture, apparently with the seizure of female captives. The original reason for the seizure and appropriation of women seems to have been their usefulness as trophies.
You can come in.
Fuck you all to hell!
Only individuals with an aberrant temperament can in the long run retain their self-esteem in the face of the disesteem of their fellows.
Switzerland hardened its immigration policy.
Manners maketh man.
When I braced myself and said, "I'm pregnant" he said "Are you saying it's mine?"
Even so, you are a human.
A base service performed for a person of very high degree may become a very honorific office; as for instance the office of a Maid of Honor or of a Lady in Waiting to the Queen, or the King's Master of the Horse or his Keeper of the Hounds.
The members of each stratum accept as their ideal of decency the scheme of life in vogue in the next higher stratum, and bend their energies to live up to that ideal.
The thief or swindler who has gained great wealth by his delinquency has a better chance than the small thief of escaping the rigorous penalty of the law.
All's clear, Boss!
The Law is harsh, but it is the Law.
The Netherlands have won the 2010 World Cup.
The young woman slapped the man who pinched her buttocks.
It was obvious that they had lied.
One in ten people have myopia.
Don't talk with your mouth full.
The university that we attend usually begins its classes on the first of April.
As the date didn't work for the section chief, it was necessary to completely reorganize the drinking party.
The tree was ready to fall at any moment.
The German team lost and now I am sad.
The Internet, cell phones, or digitization... What effects will the technological evolution have on people's opinions, behavior, and political interests?
A job that you don't love is... a job.
It will snow tomorrow.
Investigate thoroughly the bushes where the enemy may be hiding.
Don't let your emotions rule you. Be calm!
They say everything's bigger in Texas, and that includes absurdity in law enforcement.
Gimme a look-see.
Let me have a look.
He always says, "only kidding!" at the end.
I must find it.
Hold it, are you kidding me? Why'd we wanna go to such a remote location?
The government is currently broadening the interpretation of article 9 of the Constitution by wearying it down little by little.
I lost a school key when I was cleaning up after the school festival and I was then required to write an apology letter.
Great as is the sensuous beauty of gems, their rarity and price adds an expression of distinction to them, which they would never have if they were cheap.
The close-cropped lawn is beautiful in the eyes of a people whose inherited bent it is to readily find pleasure in contemplating a well-preserved pasture or grazing land.
A cheap coat makes a cheap man.
If you carelessly ask, "got a boyfriend?" she'll be put on her guard and say, "why do you ask?"
Foxes are wild animals.
When seen in the perspective of half-a-dozen years or more, the best of our fashions strike us as grotesque, if not unsightly.
There are no clouds in the sky.
It's completely visible.
These are my CDs.
I took him to the most expensive restaurant on campus.
Never trust a woman with a pistol in hand.
There she is!
Take me to your leader.
They live in a good environment.
I've used up three notebooks.
That didn't do them any good.
With great power comes great responsibility.
Last night Mizuki, very drunk, fell into the water while walking along the lakeside.
I knew her the instant I saw her.
Only 2.1 percent of the music albums released in 2009 sold 5,000 copies or more.
We don't have enough time.
Is that clear?
It's in good hands.
I'll never come back.
He's a wonderful educator.
Our school's principal is very old.
He is good-natured.
That was a lie.
An enemy of an enemy is a friend.
Will the police come?
There's no one sitting here.
There's not very many customers today.
I can't find the knife.
Do you want pepper on it?
He returned from the workshop.
No song, no supper.
"A fish out of water" is a metaphor for being unable to use your talents due to a change of environment.
Every non-trivial program has at least one bug.
It's not a bug, it's an undocumented feature.
Jack was born on August the tenth.
Those are my CD's.
I will start working on July the first.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them.
There is no document of civilization which is not at the same time a document of barbarism.
The enemy approaches the town.
The enemy can't close in on us so they can't do anything.
We can't get close to the enemy.
We won't approach the enemy.
Better to die standing than to live on your knees.
Don't let the enemy get close.
The enemy can't get close.
The enemy won't get close.
Knock when going to the bathroom, OK?
I'm sitting on the sofa.
Let's wash our hands when leaving the toilet!
John is good at maths.
I've heard that Robert is ill.
Betty has a previous conviction for theft.
The soul is the prison of the body.
The aim of jazz is the mechanical reproduction of a regressive moment, a castration symbolism. 'Give up your masculinity, let yourself be castrated,' the eunuchlike sound of the jazz band both mocks and proclaims, 'and you will be rewarded, accepted into a fraternity which shares the mystery of impotence with you, a mystery revealed at the moment of the initiation rite.
The gesture of adolescence, which raves for this or that on one day with the ever-present possibility of damning it as idiocy on the next, is now socialized.
Justice without mercy is cruelty; mercy without justice is the mother of dissolution.
The sad truth is that most evil is done by people who never make up their minds to be good or evil.
Man cannot be free if he does not know that he is subject to necessity, because his freedom is always won in his never wholly successful attempts to liberate himself from necessity.
What makes it so plausible to assume that hypocrisy is the vice of vices is that integrity can indeed exist under the cover of all other vices except this one. Only crime and the criminal, it is true, confront us with the perplexity of radical evil; but only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
Political questions are far too serious to be left to the politicians.
The most radical revolutionary will become a conservative the day after the revolution.
The cultural treasures of the past, believed to be dead, are being made to speak, in the course of which it turns out that they propose things altogether different than what had been thought.
It's not allowed to be quiet here.
It wasn't real love.
The food's not ready yet.
Pay attention!
Double-click on the icon.
Double-click the icon.
My software never has bugs. It just has random features.
This is a Chinese fan.
The die has been cast.
There's nothing that ruins life as much as premature ejaculation.
Having climbed all the way to the shrine, I decided to dedicate a votive horse tablet.
That was all Greek to me.
That was double-dutch to me.
Good night!
The doorbell rang.
If he calls, tell him I will get in touch with him later.
Long long ago in India, a monkey, a fox, and a rabbit lived happily together.
This week I used my hanko so often that I can't remember how many times I've used it.
I'm a nomad for life.
He may miss his train.
It's not an easy thing to meet your maker.
I don't know the details.
I got a makeup-induced rash.
He's really angry.
No one can stop me from going there.
I want to leave this difficult job to her.
I'm unemployed.
He likes finding faults in others.
A good word may split open a rock, but a bad word - a head.
It's a lie we don't believe any more.
This is totally worthless.
I would like you to understand.
He left his parents when he was eight years old.
A wonder lasts but nine days, and then the puppy's eyes are open.
The new trendy way to drink vodka is to pour it directly into your eye socket. However, doing so could seriously damage your vision.
The Bharatiya Janata Party is an organization.
A writing system is a type of coding system.
Clever programming requires a computer.
A parliamentarian is a type of expert.
AI means Artificial Intelligence.
I remember having seen her somewhere.
I remember having seen her some place.
Nancy seems tired.
I don't care a fig about it!
A white cloud floats in the blue sky.
Seeing a white lilly is splendid.
He became world famous.
He became famous throughout the world.
He seems to be a student.
He gave me money and advice.
It'd be better to avoid her now, because she's violent.
I only want what's best for everyone.
What would you like to do today?
How many of you will there be?
Did you want to invite Mary, as well?
I can't get you a reservation just then; is later OK?
I've got you down for six o'clock.
I don't think that will give you enough time to get there.
Bananas are a kind of fruit.
Mary might be able to make it if we go half an hour later.
He's a very talented man.
We know this song.
There is nothing more comforting than to be given a little kindness while travelling.
One can't live without water.
Because of the rain, we weren't able to play tennis outside.
The rain stopped us from being able to play tennis outside.
He finished drinking one beer and ordered another.
I'm addicted to translating sentences from French into English on Tatoeba, and Spanish is tempting me sorely.
An elderly person was resting under a tree.
I'm in good health.
You should phone your mother as soon as you can.
Travelling is a luxury I can't allow myself.
There were only six people at the meeting.
What is the population of France?
Who were the members of The Beatles?
What countries border on Slovenia?
How did dinner go yesterday?
Did Jane have fun at the concert last night?
This book belongs to Tony.
When did you start learning German?
He doesn't speak English, and even less French.
I threw up.
It rained a lot last year.
Let's order twenty kebabs!
My father isn't really in favour of our marriage, because John still hasn't got a job.
As you order!
I need to go home a little early today.
We need fire.
We have a really good cook.
Can I come in?
Madonna is able to sing.
There are a million people in Auckland.
Auckland is a city in New Zealand.
Who's working tonight?
Batman is, above all else, a superhero.
Batman is friends with Robin.
The Caped Crusader is friends with Robin, the boy Wonder.
There's a lot of stuff in our lo mein.
Do you eat meat?
Man cannot live without air.
People can't live without air.
Our pilaf is four yuan.
Where's the cook?
You must have been surprised to find me alone with her yesterday.
You can use my office, if you like.
Taking a round-trip is longer than a direct route.
Is a thousand yen enough?
I often have nightmares.
You're my best friend.
The Communist Party is the vanguard of the working class.
What precisely does that mean?
I think a film is more interesting than any book.
There's a lot to see in Paris.
Oh, you were at the hairdresser's.
A trip by boat takes longer than by car.
These are the people who live next door.
The watch doesn't work.
She let him drive on his own.
Since this morning I've read three books.
He has a foreign car.
Please reply.
He's in Tokyo.
There was a church here once.
He is the only American to have swum the English Channel.
The plane accident cost the lives of 200 people.
It's annoying when people make out at work.
Who is it?
I haven't the time to read.
Children enjoying making a splash in water as they come off a waterslide.
What time is it?
Auckland has a population of a million.
Hi, how's it going?
I love to eat chocolate, as it is my favorite food.
He is not a physician.
She is not a physician.
Her anger is understandable.
Perhaps he will never be famous.
Are the passengers all aboard?
My knife is broken.
He was too old to swim.
I go swimming once a week.
Good luck!
He often plays guitar.
This was built since long ago.
If Smith leaves the school, who will take charge of our class?
I was just about to go out when the phone rang.
Let's wait for another 5 minutes.
She has good style, so she looks good in anything she wears.
It's better if I drove you all the way home.
That student's studying sociology.
Can you see that mountain with the snow-covered peak?
The patient is on a steady road to recovery.
But I think it's better if you took a day off.
I cannot trust a person like that.
World war two broke out in 1939.
When I forgot my promise, he got really angry.
It was him as told me what to do. "Dye your hair, Jack," he says; "it's what I've had to myself," he says. "They won't have old men nowadays, at no price."
They caught foxes with traps.
When did you meet her?
Make sure you take this medicine before sleeping.
The fundamental principles of classical mechanics were laid down by Galileo and Newton in the 16th and 17th centuries.
It's fucking hot.
The rat's here! Go call the cat!
The fire burned down ten houses.
Tom's at the door. Please ask him to come in.
Please don't speak too quickly.
There is no question about it.
I've just picked up a fault in the line.
You didn't have to come so early.
I just posted a great picture of wombats on Flickr.
Your friend Albert just posted a picture of you at last night's party.
Would you like to see it now?
Just a moment ...
I just learned six new facts about wombats.
I just learned something new about David Cameron.
He's photogenic.
The pilaf with meat is eight yuan. The vegetarian pilaf is only four yuan.
Are you new?
A cloud is a mass of vapor.
Don't be late to school again.
How are you doing today?
You didn't have to cum so early.
You didn't have to get off so early.
He was in France.
The road is jammed with cars.
I start.
I celebrated Bastille day with a baguette, Roquefort and a glass of mediocre French red.
For the love of God, be kind to him.
I have abdominal gas.
Everything that is too stupid to say, is sung.
I do the shopping every morning.
I go grocery shopping every morning.
I shop for groceries every morning.
You will never beat me, you hear? Never!
He was promoted to colonel two years ago.
He tends to get upset over nothing.
I need it as quickly as possible.
We're going home.
I've got a 38.9 degree fever.
We want peace in the world.
I had repaired my watch.
I had had my watch repaired, but it broke again.
I did see it once though, and it was great!
Everything too stupid to say is sung.
Every apple is red.
Apples are red.
The telephone was invented by Bell in 1876.
I can't stand it that she's suffering so.
They started using that house as a squat.
He's got an uncle who works in a bank.
Our teacher told us that water boiled at 100 degrees centigrade.
He said: "Leave me alone!"
He said: "Leave me in peace!"
There are no exceptions to this rule.
There were two cakes.
With this train you'll go twice as fast.
Is it really possible to predict an earthquake?
Please wait a moment.
Stop maize monoculture, and reestablish multiple cropping, to combat the loss of landscape and soil diversity.
A regional observatory will be directed to monitor the execution of the plan.
Our country is lagging behind.
Biodiversity continues to decline each year.
Your name, please.
We must stop urban sprawl and fight against physical segregation while still guaranteeing the right to housing.
Every morning, she helps her mother make breakfast in the kitchen.
He asked me whether I was busy.
We have little time to deal with the issues of climate, energy and biodiversity.
We don't have a mechanism for sustained funding.
Let us support participatory practices.
I'm surprised how inattentive I can be.
Apples are red or green.
If something is an apple, then it's either red or green, or possibly both.
We will implement a reconsidered North-South cooperation mechanism.
Make solidarity and equal rights the cornerstone of public policy.
Be quiet!
You came alone today?
Our food is cheap.
May I eat this hamburger?
Everyone agreed with this idea.
Everyone laughed at this mistake.
This bread is delicious.
This beer is bitter.
Nancy had never seen a giant panda.
The radio had warned us that there was a risk of flooding.
You're not allowed to smoke in this room.
Our restaurant is near the southern bus station.
The meeting will take place no matter what the weather is like.
The active volcano erupts at regular intervals.
Have you been to France before?
This is my office.
This train stops at all stations.
Do you have paper?
The French were defeated at Waterloo.
I'd like to send this postcard to Japan.
They have decided to put aside old wounds.
What do you know about him?
He speaks Chinese fluently.
In my opinion, he's right.
I was curious to know why people had been staring at me.
How long would a train from Shanghai to Zhengzhou take?
How long does it take to get to the airport with the airport bus?
How long does it take to get to the airport on the airport bus?
Magda is going to marry a Spaniard.
If you bite me, I'll bite back.
Freedom is the essence of mathematics.
Bob had had many dangerous adventures during the war.
When I look of this photo I remember my family.
Here's a restaurant I eat at a lot.
Here's a restaurant I often eat at.
He never loses hope.
It's unsurprising that Yoko would have said something like that.
She gave a cat some milk.
Twenty people died in a fire.
It's easy to cut cheese with a knife.
Everyone wants to know you; you're famous.
Switzerland is a very beautiful country and well worth visiting.
You had been smoking, hadn't you?
There's a yellow rose.
It is sweet and noble to die for one's country.
He bought me a new dictionary.
Will you sell me your house?
Yesterday, I bought a red car.
My father doesn't like soccer.
How does one pronounce your first name?
I think he's right.
Tom ended up stopping smoking.
The station is located between these two towns.
We hadn't credited this report.
The train is ten minutes late today.
It snowed for four days.
I've got three times more money as you.
He is American to the soles of his feet.
He's American through and through.
You can't tell these twins apart.
One swallow does not a spring make.
I'm proud to be working on this project.
He's certain to succeed.
We're quite insignificant, but awesome nevertheless.
My name is Hashimoto.
He's big and strong.
John stayed in bed all day and didn't go to work.
Due to illness, he had to give up smoking.
I'm in a swimming club.
It is forbidden to read books in this bookshop.
I'm a little old fashioned, you know.
He apologised to us for being late.
Words cannot express the extent to which you are wrong.
Because he has plans for future expansion.
And thus fades the glory of the world.
Thus passes the glory of the world.
I wasn't aware.
What do you like most - apples or bananas?
Was his story true?
Was her story true?
What horrible weather.
He doesn't seem to be a very intelligent boy.
His lecture started on time.
Mother is in bed. She caught a cold.
Waiting a long time for a friend makes me nervous.
Don't do to others that which you would not wish done to yourself.
She eats lunch here from time to time.
Everyone likes her.
The phone rang for a long time.
Don't go out, as it's raining.
Our son died during the war.
I can give you an autograph if you want.
Let's order twenty shish kebabs!
Thus spoke Zarathustra.
Are you from Urumqi?
To be continued.
Learn Uyghur!
Longfin Batfish, or Platax Teira, have recently been seen near Hawaii.
Over the last hundred years, there have been twenty-seven recorded deaths from spider bites in Australia.
Fried spiders are a regional delicacy in Cambodia.
The aeroplane to Dunedin left the aerodrome promptly at eight in the morning.
This book is the literary equivalent of Haribo sweets: you only want to eat one, but end up devouring the whole packet.
Who's going to clean up tonight?
My aunt brought me flowers.
MySQL loads several tables.
Are all the passengers aboard?
I like spoons.
Listen to the following exchange between colleagues!
Linguistic resources are far more valuable if they are unencumbered by share-alike or viral licences.
Give me the spoon.
Please forgive me for not having written to you earlier.
He averted his gaze.
He looked away.
He was unsure what he would be, and whether.
I'm sorry, but I didn't receive any milk at my house today.
Cancer is a great enemy of mankind.
They say that beet juice can lower blood pressure.
Do you have anything to say regarding this?
This morning, I went to a fish selling counter and the flying fish was very fresh and also on sale.
He has three wires.
He has three sons.
You're right. The noodle broth here is a bit expensive.
Virtually all sources of commercial peanut butter in the United States contain minute quantities of aflatoxin.
At the bottom of the letter he wrote "Kind regards," then signed his name.
I use Firefox.
I do a training at Ford.
What sort of play is it?
She is dead.
I'm only thinking of you.
I can't care anymore.
The inventory is full.
This table is clean.
I need more gold.
I want my money back.
It may not be clean, but you won't get sick from eating it.
I'm going away.
What's going on in this town?
Nothing special happened.
Is this real?
She's famous as a singer but not as a poet.
Fish do not have the brain development that is necessary for the psychological experience of pain or any other type of awareness.
This is Cao Cao's trickery.
Cut the potatoes.
Our restaurant is better than that restaurant.
But I don't know how to cook kebabs!
I'm sorry, we're all out of manti.
We're also out of eggs.
Our restaurant is the best.
Will you come back tomorrow?
How many books does he have?
She came to Tokyo at the age of 18.
She came to Tokyo when she was 18.
Just do it.
He immediately sought a response.
Stop bugging me. I'm busy.
I'm bored.
I can't wait for the weekend to begin.
Would you like anything to drink?
You can't have your cake and eat it.
Let them have a taste of their own medicine.
He was dealt a deadly blow.
Gentlemen, start your engines.
No matter how much it costs.
He attended the meeting as the company representative.
When a sentence is not owned by anyone, like this one, you can correct it yourself.
He's feeling really low.
Have you ever been to Kyoto?
I'm a little taller than you.
Latin is the language of the future!
I am going to miss you.
John played the guitar and his friends sang.
If you love me, love my dog, too.
I've already seen the film.
He who risks nothing, gains nothing.
A good start is half the work.
Better than nothing.
The patient lies in bed.
What the hell are you doing?
Hours pass, and she's counting the minutes.
I hear you've got a new girlfriend.
I'm very happy to see you.
Don't be that worried.
Your problems don't concern me.
We're not afraid of any difficulties.
I was a teacher.
I guess the dog bites.
I doubt that I'm a good writer.
Someone named Henry said he wants to meet with you.
The cake is tasty.
Those who are about to die salute you.
To err is human.
Woe to the vanquished!
Woe to the conquered!
Go back, Satan!
Faster, higher, stronger!
To be or not to be, that is the question.
Let there be light!
Mr Smith studied Chinese history.
If you wish for peace, prepare for war.
Agreements must be kept.
Bread and games.
Even if all others do, I will not.
Thus always to tyrants!
Oh the times! Oh the customs!
Without anger and fondness.
Truth is in wine.
A sound mind in a sound body.
Rumor flies.
They did not know it was impossible, so they did it.
Forgive them, for they know not what they do.
Forgive me, for I have sinned.
Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.
The sciatic nerve is the longest nerve in the human body.
She has green eyes and light brown hair.
There are twelve pairs of cranial nerves.
By the time you came back, I'd already left.
Zailaiba Bar is hiring waiters; are you interested?
He attended the meeting as our company representative.
The food looks very delicious.
He's very smart, and he's handsome too.
Tom walks very slowly.
This politician is a typical champagne socialist.
I don't want something like this to happen.
Be it black or white, a cat that catches mice is a good cat!
How can I get to the train station?
The weather today is great, as it will be tomorrow.
He will be a good husband to my sister.
Due to the worsening weather, the departure was delayed.
Where's your date tonight?
She's a stubborn girl.
Like me, Lucy has many friends.
There's an apple in this boy's pocket.
How much does this cost?
Out of the 6 members, a third are women.
She turned down the subsidy that I offered.
Could you call me back later?
I saw the hill.
I wish to become a dentist in future.
I can't take his behaviour.
Please fill in using block letters.
He's an excellent tennis player.
My wife asked me to throw this old hat away.
Please affix the address label here.
I'm never angry without reason.
For all his efforts, he failed the exam.
We need to study the cause and effect of the accident closely.
No, thanks.
He's staying at his aunt's.
The radioactive cloud stopped at the border.
Why did you buy such an expensive dictionary?
Why did you get such a costly dictionary?
I haven't got a clue as to why he quit so suddenly.
I'll probably be gone before you get back.
Mayuko can't stand living alone.
This book is difficult to read as it is written in French.
He wrote a book about jungle adventures.
Your memory is good.
The refrigerator prevents food from going bad.
After all, this is a guy that tried to kill my dad at one time.
Our house is burning and we look elsewhere.
I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul.
I guess we wouldn't have been able to carry out the plan if it weren't for your help.
Mr Gorbachev, tear down this wall!
I made use of this good opportunity.
Please let me take a day off tomorrow.
Solve this problem on your own.
Seems like I'm the third wheel here. I should go.
I am a Roman citizen.
Seems like I'm just playing gooseberry here. I should go.
We brought him his son's completely bloodstained garment.
If you want to go with them, you must hurry.
I'm always busy these days.
My plan is not socialist.
Beyond the Right's populism and the dispersion of the Left which have made this situation possible, I take full responsibility for this defeat and draw the necessary conclusions by retiring from political life after the end of the presidential election.
The delivery of the goods was delayed due to the storm.
Why didn't you say so earlier?
The situation left him perplexed.
It was much worse than we initially thought.
When anyone tries to explain the inexplicable, he is getting ready to excuse the inexcusable.
Give the book to the guy who wants it.
We haven't come so as to be told off.
Yuri Andropov was elected Chairman of the Presidium of the Supreme Soviet on June 16, 1983.
Irina has a delicate face with high cheekbones.
There are so many mistakes in this book that the teacher has dubbed it "The Drunkard's Edition".
You can't have your cake and eat it, too.
Where is the Tokyo patent office?
It was very dark.
Since I don't have the software to open the attached file, I can't open it. Please send it again in another format.
When I entered the coffee shop, two young men were watching a wrestling match on television.
I think you are a really nice person.
This is my favorite project.
I can add many sentences in different languages.
My mother is knitting me a new sweater.
Let's contribute to this project.
Yesterday I met one of the most popular actors in the world.
What would you do if you met a person from another planet?
A punch is just a punch. A kick is just a kick.
A little louder, please.
What did you say?
What did you say? Could you please say it again?
Make it larger.
God exists.
It's impossible.
I understand.
I got it.
I'll do it.
Hurry up! We'll be late.
Come on, guys, let's hurry.
I quickly ate lunch.
I ate lunch in a hurry.
That's right!
Go away.
Of course.
Make it smaller.
Could you turn it down?
What're you saying?
Wash your face and hands.
Do you like it?
Don't move.
You understand, don't you?
Excuse me.
This is surprising.
Wonderful!
Fantastic!
Awesome!
Come again any time.
What will you use it for?
For what purpose?
It's dangerous!
Go away!
It's business.
It's work.
It's my job.
It doesn't matter to me.
Get down on the floor!
Try as hard as you can.
Try to do it to the best of your abilities.
I'll take care of it.
I think I'm right.
Cool down and think it over again.
I'll give you five dollars.
This is true.
Please leave right away.
It would be great if that were true.
I will lead you to further victories.
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few.
Yes, I know it.
The soup is too salty.
Say it clearly.
Try it once more.
Try it again.
Please say it once more.
Could you please repeat what you just said?
Could you please repeat it once again?
Would you mind saying that once more?
I'm a person.
I'm a human.
You're a person.
Eternity is very long especially at the end.
What's the name of this tune?
Behold the Man.
Eternity can be described by many terms such as forever and forever and forever and ...
I've run out of money.
I have no money.
I don't have any money.
Were you shot?
Have you been shot?
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears, and sweat.
Look behind you.
That's too bad.
But it does move!
Please allow me to go.
Please let me go.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
They shall not pass.
What I'm saying is true.
I'm telling you the truth.
Socialism or barbarism.
Answer my questions.
I said that.
I'm wishing for that.
I'm hoping that will happen.
I've seen that.
I can't do it either.
Allow me to go.
Don't touch it.
Don't touch these.
Not only is there no God, but try getting a plumber on weekends.
Capitalism is the exploitation of man by man. Communism is the exact opposite.
I will never tell!
It's a nice day.
The skies are clear.
The sky is clear.
It's a clear day.
That's absolutely right.
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
Don't get fat.
Do you have a fever?
I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member.
Please don't ask.
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.
I'm serious.
I made a mistake.
That's enough.
Dictatorship can be summed up by "shut up!", democracy by "keep talking".
We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defence, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America.
Did you call?
It's about five miles.
It's lunch time.
It's time to eat lunch.
"Is it raining where you are?" "It's clear."
Come along with us.
Come with us.
Is that it?
Have I hit the nail on the head?
Take care of yourselves!
I was born into the Hebrew persuasion, but when I got older I converted to narcissism.
I hope that is not the case.
God is dead. And I don't feel so good either.
It's not a big deal. Don't worry about it.
Could you please move out of my way?
Has anything changed?
No part of the pig is wasted.
Oh! That's too bad.
Oh! I'm sorry to hear that.
Do I have to do it over again?
I'm completely exhausted.
I'm really tired.
Once again.
Of course!
I got sick from drinking too much.
Let me say one thing.
It's my CD, isn't it?
I'm a good-for-nothing bum.
Have there been any changes?
Don't worry about it.
Follow him.
It's my treat.
I think I can.
I can't stand this heat.
I'm OK.
The least you could do is to answer me.
There are no problems.
Pythagoras' theorem says that the square of the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the squares of the other two sides.
Your manners aren't very good.
Yes, I have a good idea.
No drinkers allowed.
People who drink alcoholic beverages are not allowed to enter.
I'm very hungry.
I have something I want to say to you.
Let's return to the better Japan once more.
Yes. That's right.
It's a secret.
Unity, justice and freedom are the pledge of fortune.
MRI stands for Magnetic Resonance Imaging, whereas CT stands for Computed Tomography.
The hamstring muscles include the biceps femoris, the semitendinosus and the semimembranosus.
The largest muscle in the human body is the gluteus maximus.
Speak clearly.
How complex is it?
I've had enough.
I'm full.
My stomach's full.
Finally, it's Friday.
I told you to stop, didn't I?
OK. I agree.
You're kidding!
You're joking!
I think it's OK.
Hurry. Please lend me a hand.
Positron Emission Tomography uses a radioactive tracer to visualize metabolic activity within the human body.
What does not kill me, makes me stronger.
Don't you know then, my son, how little wisdom rules the world?
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Don't think that by insulting me you'll solve the fishermen's problems!
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
Lotteria introduced an extraordinary "Tower Cheeseburger" which can be made by stacking up to 10 patties.
If they don't have bread, let them eat cake.
One must eat to live, and not live to eat.
Although I am a pious man, I am not the less a man.
Stop joking around.
You were given the choice between war and dishonor. You chose dishonor and you will have war.
Often does a woman change her heart, mad be the man who will trust her.
You were late, weren't you?
I didn't get what you wrote.
When you submit a quote, it's best to enter the author's name as a tag or, if you can't, in a comment.
Minors aren't allowed to enter.
Follow my white plume!
No minors allowed.
I'm very busy.
The surrounding area was very quiet.
The area was quiet.
He seems disappointed in his son.
The whole town knows of it.
You're really wonderful.
I'm sorry to interrupt you while you're talking.
I'm sorry to disturb you while you're talking.
I'll buy this.
Everyone in the town knows about it.
I didn't like him much, in fact I hated him.
I don't want to run the risk of losing it.
I think that why he killed his wife is a mystery.
It was he that broke the window yesterday.
I think you went too far.
When Chokichi thought listlessly about this winter, and the similar winter before and the one before that, he vividly experienced the fact that as people grow older, they gradually lose their happiness.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
In the name of God, The most Gracious, The most Merciful.
Lao Gan Ma and I have a love-hate relationship.
"Open your mouth" said the dentist.
Thirty days has September, April, June and November.
40 Euros for a scarf? Don't you have anything cheaper?
A cake was frosted.
A few of the balls are yellow.
A glass of sparkling water, please.
A return ticket to Leon, please.
A room for two with bath, please.
A small portion of ham, please, and a draught beer.
A snowstorm is coming in.
A thick mist covered the countryside.
A travel agent will arrange an excursion to Andalusia for you.
I've lost about 80 cents.
About what?
According to the weather forecast it is going to snow tomorrow.
Actually, the soup was too salty.
Admission is free for children.
Adjust the brakes.
After four hours in the museum we're tired.
After six games, Sampras had the edge on his opponent.
After so many visits, we want to rest a little.
All countries have their embassies in the capital.
All my love, John.
All of the balls are yellow.
All of the children are sitting.
All of the flowers are paper.
All of the toys are wooden.
All roads lead to Rome.
All the children in this class are very polite.
All this is for my personal use.
Almost everyone arrived on time.
Although he's young, he has a grey beard.
Although we don't have much money, I want to buy this painting.
Always count your change.
Am I going in the right direction?
Am I pregnant?
My grandfather has an antique television that he wants to give me.
An envelope and a stamp, please.
An ice storm is coming in.
In Paris, I stayed at an inexpensive hotel.
And afterward?
And now, what am I going to do?
And the yellow one?
And this is a beach.
And you encourage him?
And your mom also.
Anything else?
Are the tip and service charge included?
Are there any mistakes in this exercise?
Are they new?
Are we having company tonight?
Are you all cold?
Are you all hot?
Are you free?
Are you from here?
Are you hungry?
Are you joking? I heard something else.
Are you on holiday?
Are you sick?
Are you teaching Spanish?
Are you thirsty?
Are your parents coming home?
As it's your birthday, we're going to sing you a song.
As soon as I received the cheque, I went to the bank.
As soon as she wakes up, we'll turn on the music.
Ask for another blanket if it's cold tonight.
What an asshole!
At a given moment.
At eleven thirty from platform number one.
At night, I write in the living room.
At that time, we were quite rich.
At the doctor's and the dentist's.
At what time does it close?
At what time is dinner served?
At what time should the plane from Guadalajara arrive?
At what time will they come for me?
At which hour is the next train arriving?
What time does the ship leave?
At which hour they are starting?
Aye, what a pity! I thought it would clear up finally.
Barcelona is in Spain.
Bartender, I'd like to have a drink.
Baseball is a popular sport in several Latin American countries.
Bastard!
Be careful crossing the street.
Be careful with fire in the woods.
Because he is dirty and wet.
Because it's too big.
Because my old ladder is broken.
Because they are clean.
Because they're eating dinner.
Because they're watching television.
Before going to France we decided to study French.
Between us there is no problem.
Bless you!
Bring me the menu, please.
Bring the bill, please.
Buses run every ten minutes.
Buy it, it's very cheap.
By registered letter?
Call me when you are ready to go.
Call me!
Can I email from here?
Can I get a kilo of beef steaks please?
Can I get a kilo of chicken breast please?
Can I get a kilo of chicken wings please?
Can I get a kilo of tuna fish fillets please?
Can I get half a kilo of chicken legs, please?
Can I have a cup with ice please?
Can I have a dance with you?
Can I have a gin and coke please?
Can I have another beer, please?
Can I have half a kilo apples?
Can I have my money back, please?
Can I have some anchovies with olives?
Can I make a phone call?
Can I pay with a credit card?
Can I pay you with a personal check?
Can I pick my own desk?
Can I pick the desk by the window?
Can I see your passport?
Can I send a fax from here?
Can I talk to my doctor?
Can I walk there?
Can we go fishing?
Can you check my gums?
Can you fill this form?
Can you fix it temporarily?
Can you fix the flat tire now?
Can you help me, please?
Can you help me?
Can you load the dishwasher?
Can you lower the price?
Can you pack it?
Can you please tell me where the first class room is?
Can you please tell me where the restaurant is?
Can you repair these shoes?
Can you sew on these buttons for me?
Can you ship it to New York City?
Can you show me on the map?
Can you take me to the airport, please?
Can you tell me?
Careful! Watch out!
Carlos is intelligent and creative.
Carlos is intelligent and creative. His books are interesting.
Clean your room, please.
Close your eyes.
Coffee with cream is not a very expensive pleasure.
Come back later.
Come closer and you'll be able to see better.
Come here quickly.
Come this way.
Come with me.
Congratulations on your anniversary.
Continue straight ahead.
Could I have a scotch on the rocks please?
Could we meet again?
Could you come back in a minute, please?
Could you speak more slowly?
Dad is in the kitchen because he's cooking.
Did you discover something new today?
Did the mail come today?
Did you clean your room today?
Did you do your homework?
Did you go out last night? Because you look pretty bad today ...
Did you like the book?
Did you like the meal?
Did you see anyone at the mall?
Did you sleep well?
Did you take a shower today?
Did you thank him? Did you say thank you?
Didn't madam Rodriguez want to see my essay?
Do I have cavities?
Do I have to change?
Do I need a root canal?
Do I need braces?
Do I need dentures?
Do I need more dental work?
Do I need some kind of medication?
Do I need surgery?
Do I need to change my diet?
Do I need X-rays?
Do I pay the salesgirl?
Do the glasses fit you well?
Do we have a babysitter for tonight?
Do we have to get off the train at the border?
Do you accept traveler's checks?
Do you agree?
Do you do any sport?
Do you have a blog?
Do you have a coat and a hat?
Do you have a gift shop here?
Do you have a list of hotels?
Do you have a map?
Do you have a match? I'm sorry, but I don't smoke.
Do you have a petting zoo area?
Do you have a vacancy?
Do you have a website?
Do you have African elephants?
Do you have an account with any social networking web sites?
Do you have an e-mail address?
Do you have any tape?
Do you have anything for a stomach ache?
Do you have ashtrays?
Do you have brothers and sisters?
Do you have Bud Light?
Do you have children?
Do you have children's clothes?
Do you have fish at this zoo?
Do you have fresh strawberries?
Do you have mangoes?
Do you have python snakes?
Do you have renaissance paintings?
Do you have shoes and socks?
Do you have something to declare?
Do you have temperature and your throat hurts?
Do you have this in a bigger size?
Do you have this shirt in black?
Do you have tuna fish?
Do you know a good dentist?
Do you know the dialling code?
Do you like rain?
Do you like snow?
Do you like the jacket?
Do you like white wine?
Do you offer any type of tours?
Do you remember us?
Do you sell formal wear?
Do you sell sport shoes?
Do you sell town plans, please?
Do you share a room?
Do you speak Arabic?
Do you speak Chinese?
Do you think it's worthwhile? I don't think so.
Do you want a little cake?
Do you want children?
Do you want this shirt?
Does anyone here speak English?
Does anyone speak English?
Has he been training recently?
Does it bother you if I smoke?
Does it snow much here in winter?
Does the coat fit well?
Does the dress fit well?
Does the hat fit well?
Does the shirt fit you well?
Dogs are barking.
Don't be a pain!
Don't be a pest!
Don't litter!
Don't fuck with me!
Don't put the blame on me!
Don't throw anything onto the floor.
During the intermission I got up to stretch my legs.
During the summer holidays I met a beautiful woman.
Each child has his own room.
Each one does what he wishes.
Enough!
Every city has an imposing cathedral.
Every day I feel better and better.
Everyone is agreed.
Everything he says is true.
Everything is very expensive in this store.
Everything okay?
Excuse me, but I believe you're mistaken.
Excuse me, but the truth is that ...
Excuse me, do you know what is the weather forecast for tomorrow?
Excuse me, I have to get to Barcelona. Are there any flights today?
Excuse me, is there a hotel around here?
Excuse me?
Excuse me. I want a book. Where is the bookstore?
Excuse me. Is the supermarket open?
Excuse me. Is this the hardware store?
Excuse me. Is this the pharmacy?
Excuse me. Where is the bakery?
Faggot.
Fancy a drink?
Fancy to eat at my place?
Fasten your seat belts.
Fifth Avenue is an elegant street.
Fine, would you like anything else?
Flamenco shows are popular in the south of Spain.
We stayed in London for a fortnight.
For dinner we eat in the dining room.
We want a room for four nights.
For heavens sake.
For how many days?
For how many people?
For sale.
For your love, I would do anything.
Forgive me, but I have no change.
France is separated from Spain by the Pyrenees.
From now on, try to arrive on time.
From which direction?
Fuck your mom, bitch.
Fuck your mom.
Fuck!
Fucking damn it!
Fucking whore.
Girls are wearing short skirts these days.
Give a way.
Give me a room near the elevator.
Give me a table for two near the window.
Give me your address and telephone number.
Give my love to your parents.
Give my regards to your aunt and uncle.
Go ahead to the end of the street.
Go back to your seats.
Go get a drink of water.
Go through the market.
Go to the garage.
Go to the living room.
Go to the patio.
Go up the street.
Good heavens!
Good morning, I would like to reserve a room.
Good morning, would you like something to eat?
Good morning. How are you?
Good morning. We have good weather today.
Good, I will take them. When does the show start?
Goodbye and good luck.
It's half past eight.
Handle this very carefully.
Has the mail come yet?
Have a good night.
Have I any letters or messages?
Have you finished?
Have you got a table booked?
Have you got any tickets for today?
Have you got cough or cold?
Have you got shampoo?
Have you got small portions?
Have you got smaller size?
Have you something for a cold?
He always wears dark clothes.
He approached and fell on his knees.
He became an orphan when he was ten.
He behaves well in school but at home he causes problems.
He brushes his teeth.
He buys clothes.
He buys medicine.
He couldn't come because he was ill.
He cut his finger with the knife.
He demands that they all turn in their papers on time.
He didn't just eat 1 pear, but 3.
He didn't open his mouth to protest.
He doesn't like this concert.
He doesn't like oranges.
He drinks coffee before work.
He embraced his relatives before he left.
He feels weak after his illness.
He felt a blow on his shoulder.
He got a prize for winning the competition.
He handed me the letter and left.
He has a ball on his foot.
He has a few pens.
He has a little money.
He has an egg and is eating it.
He has a ticket.
He has even more apples.
He has less bread.
He has his fingers on the table.
He has the foot in the grass.
He has two classes in the morning and one in the afternoon.
He hurt himself when he fell.
He hurt his arm lifting so much weight.
He invested all his capital in that business.
He is a Hollywood star.
He is always being a nuisance.
He is an author famous for his novels and stories.
He is buying a vintage hat.
He is eighteen months old.
He is eighteen weeks old.
He is from France.
He is from the United States.
He is in the kitchen.
He is neither handsome nor ugly.
He is one of Spain's most famous authors.
He is running indoors.
He is saving in order to buy a house.
He is shopping in a jewelry store.
He is teaching Arabic.
He is teaching Spanish to the children.
He is thirty years old.
He isn't here because he's ill.
He isn't like his brother.
He kept his promise and helped his brothers.
He likes this concert.
He likes to cook.
He likes to swim.
He looked out of the window.
He married a girl much younger than he.
He needs a ladder.
He needs a towel.
He needs an umbrella.
He needs glasses.
He pays with a credit card.
He promised to write every day.
He reads Arabic.
He reads before bedtime.
He said it as a joke.
He says he's innocent, but they put him in jail.
He says that raw vegetables are healthier.
He sells cars.
He sells fruit.
He sent flowers to his mother.
He soon realised that he had been robbed.
He speaks Arabic.
He suddenly appeared after a three-year absence.
He takes a group of students to Spain every summer.
He threw me out of the house.
He used to like hot.
He wants red glasses.
He wants to buy a pearl necklace for his wife.
He was blinded in an accident.
He was walking with his hands in his pockets.
He washes himself.
He washes his hair.
He washes his t-shirt.
He washes the car.
He washes the pants.
He wears eyeglasses to read.
He wears shoes but wears no socks.
He wears socks and shoes.
He weighs 70 kilos.
He went out carrying a bundle of clothing.
He went overboard for his daughter's wedding.
He won many competitions.
He works at night.
He works in the morning.
He writes Arabic.
He's a proper young man now.
He's a real gentleman.
He's already beginning to talk.
He's always been very affectionate with his in-laws.
He's been so nice to me.
He's caught a terrible cold.
He's got a headache.
He's got it all worked out.
He's looking for a leather belt.
He's shorter than his father.
Helen has won the prize.
Hello, Grandfather.
Hello, what's your name?
Hello! Good morning!
Help!
Her socks are gray.
Her sweater is purple.
Here is a prescription for some tablets.
Here is my air ticket.
Here is my baggage.
Here is your menu.
Here's a list of hotels in the capital and province.
Here's a street map and main map of the city of Gdynia.
His actions confuse me.
His books are heavier.
His books are interesting.
His house is surrounded by trees.
His last play was a great success.
His socks are purple.
His sweater is blue.
His sweater is gray.
His tone lead me to think that he already knew.
Hold on to the handrail.
How can I find the American Airlines counter?
How can I get there?
I like playing sports.
I like sports.
I really do want that.
That's a shame.
It doesn't matter to me one bit.
What a strong wind!
I've quit drinking beer.
I have an opinion.
Let's meet again soon.
Would you like a drink?
You're lying, aren't you?
Did something happen?
What illness do I have?
What disease do I have?
Please bring me my bill.
Could I have the bill, please?
It's a real bargain.
I hope you have a good trip.
Bon voyage!
He's a man of outstanding character.
Those two men sneaked into the house and were seen by someone.
She didn't send me a single letter.
I promise you that you'll get a raise after a year.
The lost fishing boat made a safe return to harbour.
What kind of job are you looking for?
"You don't have any more croissants?" "All sold out."
What's your age?
I saw a dirty dog enter the garden.
I can't understand why he did that.
Whose turn is it?
It's now your turn.
He makes a living as a writer.
He earns his living by writing.
Don't you touch me, you'd make me dirty!
If I come down, I'm giving you a headbutt!
During the final against Italy, Zidane received a red card for head-butting Materazzi.
You've had enough of this riff-raff? Well, we'll help you get rid of it.
My husband has five or six brains which are remarkably irrigated.
The road is straight, but the slope is steep.
The assessment of communist countries is positive overall.
How can you avoid the dangers of the Internet?
Say it clearly in a loud voice.
You are absolutely right, Mr Prime Minister!
It's too big.
It's too large.
I wonder if keeping your head down and living safely is a survival instinct.
That shop has many customers.
I'm worried for you.
I hate coffee.
I'll attend.
We really enjoyed ourselves.
I dislike coffee.
What name will be given to the child?
Among the Uighurs, a "Naming Celebration" is held after a child is given a name.
I borrow money.
The child will be circumcised when he reaches the age of eight.
I buy tapes.
When will the circumcision party be held?
I like math.
I like mathematics.
You'll understand once you come of age.
That guy got married and started a family.
Long live the Soviet Union!
How's it going? Are you busy?
They really did win.
Tomorrow, we shave for free.
Try to avoid overdoing it.
Don't overexert yourself.
He's raking it in on the stock market.
Calm down.
That's good, isn't it?
He's making a lot of money in the stock market.
I go by the nickname "Itch."
My nickname is "Itch."
Large, isn't it?
This place is large, isn't it?
You won't regret it!
There is a traffic jam on the highway.
What colour was Henri IV's white horse?
I have a lot of cavities now.
He's a good guy now, so he'll make a good husband in the future.
Hamburg is Germany's largest port and also the third-largest port in Europe.
One day, while I was playing with my cat, I finally bit his ear.
Let's have a few drinks tonight.
Would you like to drink a bit tonight?
Let me pay tonight.
Now, this is a problem.
Prices have dropped recently.
I pray that you will have the best of luck.
Did you grade the tests?
Yesterday was Sunday.
He drank a lot yesterday.
He can speak Russian, too.
He can also speak Russian.
I want you to dry my tears.
I wonder if this is love.
Could you teach me how to play the piano?
What's in your mind?
What's causing the death of the most popular singer in the world?
I am the State!
I have to say that there's no better place to spend my honeymoon than Gandrange!
Please come in.
Let a hundred flowers bloom!
It's very cold.
That's an imitation.
That's a fake.
Wait just a moment.
I love parties.
Everyone, please be quiet.
That's a good question.
Lemons are sour.
Grab a hold of the rope.
Has something happened?
It's an easy victory.
Do it now.
It's great! You'll laugh for sure.
It's OK not to eat it.
You don't have to eat it.
You don't have to eat.
Everyone dies.
Life is enjoyable.
Life is fun.
Clean your room.
There are also fish that fly.
It's free.
It's gotten better.
It's improved.
I've gotten better.
This book isn't as heavy as that book.
This book is not as large that one.
My TV has quit working.
I saw the dirty dog go into the yard.
A stranger spoke to me on the bus.
Could I please have one more can of beer?
It takes all kinds to make a world.
Welcome to hell!
His opinions aren't worth listening to.
His opinions are worthless.
Otoyo enjoyed the beautiful spring day and walked along the beach.
I think this one has to die for the other to live. It's a cruel world.
This pension costs 7000 yen. Without meals, it's 2000 yen cheaper.
I was forced to sign the form.
Please reply by telex.
Fuck off!
How can I get to gate A-1?
How can I get to the airport?
How can I help you?
Is it possible to go there walking?
How do I get to ...?
How do you get to the station, please?
How do you know that?
How do you make that?
How do you say 'lung'?
How do you say "cat" in Spanish?
How do you spell that?
How far along am I?
How far is it?
How fresh are the cantaloupes?
How handsome!
How irresponsible!
How is the family?
How long are you going for?
How long are you going to be in London?
How long does it take to go to Madrid?
How long have you been studying medicine?
How long?
How many are in your party?
How many bowls do we have?
How many flowers did you buy?
How many guests are there?
How many kilometers is it from here to the railroad station?
How many kilos may I take?
How many misfortunes these poor children have suffered!
How many paintings did he make?
How many plates do we have?
How many plates do you want?
How much are the grapes?
How much are these pants?
How many bus stops are there to the center?
How much does a beer cost?
How much does a kilo of onions cost?
How much do ten paper plates cost?
How much do the carrots cost?
How much do they cost?
How much do you charge by the hour?
How much do you need?
How much does a cinema ticket cost?
How much does a ticket cost for the concert?
How much does it cost?
How much does the orange juice cost?
How much does the wooden chair cost?
How much for your ass?
How much is a round-trip ticket to Caracas?
How much is a ticket to Segovia?
How much is it going to cost me to mend this skirt?
How much is it going to cost?
How much is the admission ticket?
How much is the kilo of bananas?
How much is the kilo of leek?
How much is the kilo of pineapple?
How much is the kilo of tomatoes?
How much is the ticket?
How much is this pullover, please?
How much money you would like to withdraw?
How much must I pay?
How much per kilo for excess?
How much are they?
How much will I pay for 3 minutes to Poland?
How much for the night?
How often he is taking part in trainings?
How old are you?
How old is that painting?
How old is this zoo?
How old is your son?
How pretty you look today!
How would you like potatoes?
How is your surname written?
How's my dad doing?
How's my son doing?
How's my wife doing?
How's that going?
However bad it is...
Hugs for the children from all of us.
I am short.
I am tall.
I abstain from voting.
I adore you.
I agree.
I always carry a needle in case of an emergency.
I always cry when we say goodbye.
I always give something to the beggars.
I always see him when he comes to Madrid.
I always wear an overcoat when its cold.
I am a doctor.
I am a friend of Robert's.
I am a journalist.
I am a police.
I am a redhead.
I am allergic to analgesics.
I am an American citizen.
I am blessed with my life.
I am busy now and can't go out.
I am buying a ladder in the hardware store.
I am buying a new car.
I am buying a new umbrella.
I am called Sara.
I am close to the bridge.
I am cold.
I am diabetic.
I am divorced.
I am eating dinner with my husband.
I am eating lunch with my sister.
I am fan of football.
I am far from the tree.
I am forty-five years old.
I am from Columbia.
I am from Egypt.
I am from Russia.
I am glad to meet you.
I am going to bed.
I am going to do an apprenticeship.
I am going to get dressed.
I am going to have a great day today.
I am going to introduce you to my family.
I'm going to lie down for a minute.
I am going to my friend's house.
I am going to see where they're going.
I am going to wash my hands.
I am good at history.
I am happy to reply to your last letter.
I am happy.
I am hot.
I am in a hurry.
I am in the classroom.
I am leaving at ten o'clock.
I am Lin.
I am looking for a cream color long sleeve shirt.
I am looking for a good hotel.
I am looking for a white mini skirt!
I am looking for my friends.
I am looking for room with twin beds.
I am looking for the cheeses.
I am lost. Can you help me, please?
I am married and I have two sons.
I am not allergic to penicillin.
I am not interested in politics at all.
I am not interested.
I am not ready yet.
I am not saying it for my own sake.
I am on medication.
I am online.
I am playing a game with my sister.
I am playing in the park.
I'm not good at Latin.
I am ready.
I am really sorry.
I am sick.
I am sorry to tell you that ...
I am sorry, the line is busy. Shall I call again?
I am sure.
I am sweaty.
I am teaching English.
I am thankful for my children.
I am thankful for the food I eat.
I am too short.
I am under the blanket.
I am very sorry.
I am visiting my friends.
I'm visiting my grandmother in the hospital.
I am washing my hands because I have dirty hands.
I am writing articles about strikes.
I can take care of it.
I bought a table for the living room.
I bought flowers because I am going to visit my grandmother this afternoon.
I bought nine flowers.
I bought several cassettes of the popular singers.
I brush my teeth after breakfast.
I brush my teeth with a toothbrush.
I can see myself in the mirror.
I can't accept the invitation because I have another engagement.
I can't add anything else.
I can't be without you.
I can't find my luggage.
I can't stand the noise from the street.
I can't find the address of my hotel.
I cannot help you.
I brush my teeth; I comb my hair.
I closed the door so that they wouldn't hear us.
I come to school by bus.
I communicate with my friends on the internet.
It is important for me.
I couldn't go out because it was raining.
I did not order this.
I didn't do it on purpose.
I didn't realise.
I didn't understand because they spoke in a low voice.
I do business on the internet.
I do not drink coffee.
I do not sleep well.
I don't know what to order.
I don't like windy days.
I don't dare tell him such a thing.
I don't doubt that he's done it.
I don't feel comfortable here.
I don't have any money on me.
I don't know if I have enough money.
I don't know the mayor but I'd like to meet him.
I don't know what to say.
I don't know where they are.
I don't know. It depends on the price.
I don't like sweet desserts.
I don't speak French, but I understand it a little.
I don't think it's funny at all.
I don't understand you.
I don't want that until tomorrow.
I don't want to raise false hopes.
I don't work now and I lead a less hectic life.
I don't speak Chinese.
I don't want this shirt.
I drank the milk that was left over from breakfast.
I drink coffee after dinner.
I drink coffee in the morning.
I eat breakfast before work.
I eat dinner after work.
I feel a pain in my back.
I feel all hopeful about...
I feel awkward about asking him again.
I feel dizzy.
I feel good today.
I feel great.
I feel seasick.
I feel very ill.
I feel well.
I fell madly in love with him.
I felt ill. Why?
I finished packing my boxes.
I forgot my money.
I forgot.
I frequently go to the islands of Menorca and Ibiza.
I get home at 4.30 and do my homework.
I get on very well with your cousin.
I get on well with all my workmates.
I get up, wash, shower, shave, and get dressed.
I go to bed at 10.30.
I got up today with a pain in my neck.
I have a backache.
I have a car, a motorcycle, and 2 bicycles.
I have a chest pain.
I have a coat, but I have no hat.
I have a Facebook account.
I have a heart condition.
I have a lot of love for you.
I have a metal table.
I have a pain in my chest.
I have a paper tumbler.
I have a plastic tumbler.
I have a reservation for today.
I have a temperature.
I have a toothache and I want to go to the dentist.
I have a toothache.
I have a wooden table.
I have an appointment with the doctor.
I have an ice bag.
I have an internet business.
I have booked a table for four.
I have brown hair.
I have enjoyed myself very much.
I have a few tickets in row 15.
I have had a stroke before.
I have missed my train.
I have my own room.
I have no fever, but my throat hurts me. I can't either freery breathe.
I have no time for that, and besides, I don't have any money.
I have nothing to declare.
I have socks, but I have no shoes.
I have something in my eye.
I have sunglasses.
I have to think about it.
I have to wake up early tomorrow.
I have two brothers and two sisters.
I haven't heard from him since last June.
I haven't the faintest idea.
I heard that you are also collecting stamps.
I heard, that you are great in long distance races.
I hope no one sits in front of us.
I hope they aren't deceiving me.
I hope they arrive soon.
I hope to be able to go in June.
I hope you are well.
I hope you die.
I hope you like it.
I'll kill you.
I leave the house at 8.15 and arrive at school at 8.45.
I left it on the table.
I like not only ice creams, but also sorbet and frozen youghurt.
I like rain and snow.
I like roasted chestnuts.
I like shopping on the internet.
I like social networking web sites.
I like sparkling and fruity wines.
I like apples more than oranges.
I like the black blouse more than the blue.
I like the black shoes.
I like the blue one. How much does it cost?
I like the green bicycle more than the pink.
I like the meat rare.
I like milk more than juice.
I like the new house more than the old.
I like the old car more than the new.
I like the red dress more than the white.
I like the tea more than the coffee.
I like the tennis more than the soccer.
I like this one.
I like to go across the lake in a sailboat.
I like to go to the movies to see foreign films.
I like to study foreign languages.
I like windsurfing.
I live in a flat.
I look after you.
I lost my passport!
I lost my purse.
I lost my wallet.
I love buying on eBay.
I love her so much that I can't leave her.
I love living with you.
I love my life.
I love my wife.
I love you a lot.
I love you so much.
I made a complete fool of myself.
I met her by chance in the library.
I must admit that I was mistaken.
I must have left it on the bus.
I need 30 more days to pay.
I need a cup of hot coffee.
I need a doctor!
I need a first aid kit.
I need a hammer.
I need a heavy coat.
I need a hot chocolate.
I need a job.
I need a light coat.
I need a mirror to comb my hair.
I need a notebook to write my notes.
I need a nurse now.
I need a rash ointment.
I need a room for six nights.
I need an analgesic.
I need anti-itch ointment.
I need band aids.
I need body lotion.
I need children's fever medicine.
I need children's pain medicine.
I need coughing medicine.
I need diarrhea medicine.
I need foot lotion.
I need hand lotion.
I need it by tomorrow.
I need light plates because today my family is going to eat lunch in the park.
I need medicine. Where is the pharmacy?
I need money.
I need more time.
I need mosquito repellent.
I need pain medication.
I need skin burn ointment.
I need sleeping pills.
I need some time to think about it.
I need something for an adult.
I need something for vomiting.
I need sun block.
I need sun tanning lotion.
I need sunburn lotion.
I need the keys.
I need these shoes in size ten please!
I need to cancel my subscription.
I need to exchange dollars for pesos.
I need to go to downtown.
I need to go to my hotel, the Hilton hotel!
I need to make a telephone call.
I need to renew my subscription.
I need to rinse my mouth.
I need to see a doctor immediately.
I never received the money.
I owe you $1,000.
I am playing a browser game.
I play with my son.
I prefer a cotton blouse.
I prefer a lighter color.
I prefer department stores: the prices are lower.
I prefer something better.
I prefer to bath in the morning.
I prefer to take a shower in the morning.
I really don't understand the plan they presented.
I really had to run for it to catch the train.
I really love the way you speak.
I really missed you when you were in France.
I regret this very much.
I remember those times.
I saw him last night in the bar and he was really drunk.
I am selling a new car.
I sell new umbrellas.
I shall hide the key so that you cannot open the suitcase.
I shall keep on painting until the sun sets.
I shall return the books to him even though he doesn't need them.
I shall try to take the ball without him noticing.
I shave every morning.
I shit in your milk.
I should like to see the room.
I should like to speak to the manager.
I speak Arabic but I study English.
I study Chinese and Spanish.
I study Spanish.
I suffer from asthma.
I suggest that you visit some villages in the mountains.
I take a bath every morning.
I take off my hat.
I take two teaspoons of sugar with my coffee.
I teach Chinese.
I teach English.
I teach Spanish.
I thank you very much for your kindness.
I thank you with all my heart.
I think I am cold.
I think I lost my wallet.
I think Malbork castle is wonderful.
I think someone is knocking at the door.
"When will you wash your car?" "Sometime this week, I think."
I think we get off at the next stop.
I think you have made a mistake.
I use the internet to do business.
I use Yahoo! to search on the internet.
I usually eat a lot.
I wake up at 7 o'clock.
I walk to school.
I want a blue cake.
I want a book. Where is the bookstore?
I want a licensed guide who speaks English.
I want a lighter shade.
I want a room for tonight.
I want breakfast in my room.
I want ten plates.
I want that later.
I want the bigger cake.
I want to be with you forever.
I want to call...
I want to cash a check.
I want to clean the house before my parents return.
I want to get off at the next stop.
I want to get to know you better.
I want to go shopping.
I want to kiss you.
I want to leave these packages for a while.
I want to make a local call, number 20-36-48.
I want to pay in installments.
I want to pay with a check.
I want to pay with a credit card.
I want to rent a safety deposit box.
I want to see what there is inside.
I want to send an airmail letter to Poland.
I want to send these letters by airmail.
I want to show you a spectacular view.
I want to spend my life with you.
I want to take a bath.
I want to take advantage of the opportunity to speak to the governor.
I want to tell you a strange thing.
I want to work with your company.
I want you to be here.
I want you to come here.
I wanted to kill him, but I was too stressed to hold firmly his Desert Eagle.
I was able to swim across The English Channel.
I was born in 1988 in York.
I was born on 23 March 1969 in Barcelona.
I was fifteen years old in this picture.
I was hoping you'd say that.
I was really disappointed when I found out that I hadn't passed the exam.
I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
Unity makes strength.
Moral leadership is more powerful than any weapon.
Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
I am the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
I wash my hands before lunch.
I wash my socks.
I wash myself.
I wash the blouse.
I wear a suit and tie.
I wear a suit but wear no tie.
I went to the bank to take out money.
I will be blessed this year.
I will buy that dress somehow.
This game is basically designed for use with keyboard and gamepad but configuration can only be done by mouse.
People of Almaty, let us create a child-friendly city!
Celebrate in style!
Siemens. No family can do without us.
Almaty is my favorite city!
They took away all of our paperwork.
'Run away' will always work even with bosses and the last boss, so when you're in trouble let's run away.
Get both a phone and internet access in a single package!
You want to work at METRO?!
You are a toilet!
Unity is our strength!
Once a thief, always a thief.
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
One for all, all for one.
It is tossed by the waves, but does not sink.
In God We Trust.
I will endure.
I am a seagull.
The love of liberty brought us here.
Each endeavouring, all achieving.
We wish to remain what we are.
Truth prevails.
God's will first.
We are a fortress.
Fatherland or death, we shall overcome.
The future does not belong to the faint-hearted, it belongs to the brave.
She is not tall.
This book is thick and the other is thin.
The Pope? How many divisions has he got?
When I regained my senses, it seemed that fur had grown on my fingers and knees. When it became slightly brighter, I looked at my reflection in a mountain stream, and I realized that I had become a tiger.
She plans to write a letter after school.
Rynok Square is the historic centre of the city.
Sauron wants every hobbit to fear him.
I'm not going to get into a battle of wits with you; I never attack anyone who's unarmed.
You need to teach her a lesson!
Yes, we can go.
The Guard dies, but it does not surrender!
We are going to the mountains.
With regards to culture, you could say they're like barbarians.
A garden planted with pine trees.
Please look at that red-roofed house.
I had no choice but to stay in bed all day.
There's still plenty that needs to be done.
It's 18th June today, and also Muiriel's birthday!
I'll let you decide.
It's Monday today.
I was pretty hungry when I got home.
Sire, I had no need of that hypothesis.
It's not an issue if he argues with his wife, but he shouldn't hit her.
The weather suddenly got warmer.
Please inform me of the plan ahead of time.
Life would become bland without you.
You're good with women.
Can I ask a question?
Entry is strictly for staff only.
The dictionary he talked about isn't available in the library.
I usually sleep at nine.
She's not prettier than her mother.
House dust mites can be found in mattresses, carpets, curtains and stuffed furniture.
My father is shaving in the bathroom.
My wife often telephones me when I'm traveling in another country.
You can swim much better than he can.
They urged him in vain to sell them his prosperous firm.
In the last few years he has developed the bad habit of being rude to his friends.
He was embarrassed when I insisted on reading the criticism of his new book.
I don't give a damn about the stock market!
I am too busy to go.
The flatboat carrying the two silent men went on gliding atop the dark waters as the moonlit night slowly wore on.
Freshness is our top priority.
Be yourself!
Every day has a sequel.
Our rates are now lower!
The quality of higher education must answer to the highest international standards.
There's no food right now.
A thief steals for a long time, but eventually he will hang.
I must buy new skis.
This is made in Kazakhstan.
The power delivered by a one square metre solar panel is approximately one watt. Therefore it is currently difficult to harvest solar energy on a grand scale.
Cathy seems to like music.
This is food.
I want to go for a frolic in the rain.
Moreover, they underscored the need for providing policy relevant ready-to-use scientific results and methodology.
It is a fine hypothesis; it explains many things.
Why have you written this book on the system of the universe, and have never even mentioned its Creator?
Kill them, for the Lord knows those who are His.
Oh, the humanity!
Cecil lit a candle.
The future is a succession of daily moments.
I think we agree, the past is over.
We have to set up the Republic of common sense.
The doors on the left side will open.
The shower is broken.
My sister is older than my brother.
No liberty for the enemies of liberty.
She's our neighbour.
Where are my glasses?
We are happy.
You must go.
I can't prevent myself from thinking.
We are all Americans.
Barcelona is the capital city of Catalonia and the second largest city in Spain.
Japan is the only nation to have been hit by nuclear bombs.
Left-wing communism is an infantile disorder.
I'm telling the youth: partying is life! And so is your face!
I may be plump, but I'm vigorous.
He thought that I was very tired.
There is strong shadow where there is much light.
Who is the happiest of men? He who values the merits of others, and in their pleasure takes joy, even as though 'twere his own.
We can't form our children on our own concepts; we must take them and love them as God gives them to us.
Which is the best government? That which teaches us to govern ourselves.
People think completely differently when they're standing and when they're sitting.
I have amongst my relatives, a single one who sincerely lives righteously, has strict principles and pursues an ideal, but all my other relatives speak ill and make fun of him.
She always wears clothes which are out of fashion.
We don't know her.
Bill has a lot of friends.
Marilyn Monroe died 33 years ago.
While looking at the flowers I thought suddenly that humans too had a good side. It's humans who discovered the beauty of flowers and it's also humans who can appreciate them.
I like this dog.
You can add sentences you don't know how to translate.
I've already come here before.
There are forty thousand cameras in Urumqi.
"Mirror, mirror on the wall. Who in the land is fairest of all?" And then the mirror would always reply: "You, my queen, are fairest of all."
"Take the child away into the forest; I never want to see her again. Kill her, and bring me back this handkerchief soaked in her blood as proof."
Which drama series do you like best?
His Truth is marching on.
I told my wife: Liliane, pack up the bags, we're going back to Paris.
May God help you, as you have put yourself beyond the mercy of men.
I haven't finished reading this book.
I believe in the power of the spirit and will never leave you.
He declared that they had been friends for 30 years.
Let's race to the pub!
We are working to fix this bug.
When did this occur?
They change everything.
You're completely right!
You're absolutely right!
Do you live with your parents?
Give me a toothpick.
You're the boss.
I've been here before.
I'm in Boston going for my Ph.D. right now.
This website is very useful.
Twenty dollars are one hundred and forty yuan.
I'm sorry, my Uighur is a little coarse.
The aeroplane landed safely.
You know, you have beautiful eyes.
You know my younger daughter is about the same age as your son. It's why I decided that they will be engaged.
It was a pleasure to meet you Stella, I am so sorry for whatever I said to irk you the wrong way.
Contador won the maillot jaune in the Tour de France.
The lock is beautiful.
Put the carrots in the pot.
A lazy man is a burden even to the ground.
One crow doesn't peck another's eye.
There is honor even among thieves.
If you're hungry, then eat.
You didn't understand.
The power's out.
This dog is white.
I've done questionable things.
I've seen things you people wouldn't believe.
We are pleased to announce you that you have received the Nobel Peace Prize.
"Ah, the trailing group has arrived." "Oh no. They caught up with us while we were resting."
I have a dog and a cat.
We have a daughter who is married to a Frenchman.
The quadriceps is made up of four muscles: the rectus femoris, the vastus medialis, the vastus intermedius and the vastus lateralis.
Because he is old, he, too, has grown weak.
Judging by her expression, she looked worried.
They usually sleep in this room.
Olga has been playing the cello since she was 8 years old.
We don't do body counts.
I am looking for my brother.
The Italian food was delicious.
I would prefer that you didn't submit this.
Those are sunflowers.
Who's at fault?
Whose fault is it?
Please do that.
This is really delicious soup, isn't it?
This soup tastes really great.
I have to paint it.
It was a terrible day.
I would like to be Picasso.
Everyone was happy.
Please read the meter.
Please read the numbers on the meter.
Spring has come.
Of course I'll wait.
Please speak in a louder voice.
Please say it more loudly.
Choose one person.
Please choose one person.
Some people were late.
Summer has ended.
It's time to get up.
Please think about it.
Please think it over.
Follow my advice.
Adrastea is one of the 39 satellites of Jupiter and is the second closest to Jupiter itself.
That was an excellent putt.
Let me check your ticket.
Who drew it?
What's the weather like?
Nothing is as difficult as becoming a person.
This software carries out Markov Chain Monte Carlo calculations by the use of Gibbs Sampling.
It's as cold as ice.
The Capitalists will sell us the rope with which we will hang them.
Prices went up.
The cost of living has risen.
The cost of living has gone up.
This flag is very beautiful.
That's a pheasant.
That's a good plan.
That's a good idea.
My right hand is Uighur, and my left is Han.
This food is perfect for a convalescent.
We don't negotiate with terrorists.
You are either with us, or against us.
He has a beautiful voice.
I looked after the rabbits when I was at school.
I'm 19.
He's become frail in his old age.
Copy-and-paste is very useful.
Take a deep breath.
A good idea sprung to my mind.
In any case, it's always my fault.
We will bury you.
Those rules foster discontent among students.
Are these your things?
Let's get started.
Let's go, Ken.
Great, isn't it?
Please open the bottle.
That was years ago.
That's not fair.
That isn't fair.
Isn't it black?
Is that pure gold?
Please wrap it up.
Not even one taxi stopped.
I slept for nine hours.
I am going to go play ball with Mohan.
Can you teach me?
I cried all night.
And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
Tolerance becomes a crime when applied to evil.
Stupidity is the relaxation of intelligence.
"Did you see my cat?" "No." "Liar, you're still chewing!"
It's too quiet.
There's nothing that can be done.
There is one way.
Democracy is the dictatorship of the majority.
I will do everything I can to go.
I saw a fight.
I'll phone you later.
It's Friday, and so we have to perform our prayers.
I have letters I need to write.
I am fully satisfied with my new house.
I would like to go to America.
I need a good steed for my voyage.
We were aware of what was going on.
You have to break an egg to make an omelet.
The buds began to burst.
It takes more than one swallow to make a summer.
His technique was the best.
He doesn't charge much.
My girlfriend often cuts my hair.
All I am I owe to my mother.
I need to go to the China Construction Bank.
One swallow does not a summer make.
The presidential election is not a beauty contest.
Take the oranges out of the fridge.
I need to renew my passport.
The grass is always greener on the other side.
Can all birds fly?
I'm fed up!
She showed me her new car.
Could somebody please open the door?
The devil finds work for idle hands.
Have you ever been abroad?
We miss you a lot.
I live here.
Sorry, I must have dialed the wrong number.
Why do I have to do this?
A cherry tree grows in a garden.
I don't like that kind of music.
What are you cooking?
Jim Carrey is very famous and a good comedian.
What did you talk about?
They left at daybreak from the base of the mountain.
Would you have asked me this question if I had been a man?
I started working for this company last year.
My school has Uighur, Han, Kazakh, Hui, Mongol, Kirghiz, Xibo, Tajik, and Uzbek ethnicities, among others.
We put a lot of effort into our homework.
Memorize it well.
He read the article over and over again.
I often converse with her.
They translated the text.
Why are there crickets in my room?
Octopus Paul was right.
You must give great writers of the past the most attention in your reading.
A Japanese person would never do such a thing.
What with the wind and the rain, our walk was spoiled.
She stood silent, her head slightly to one side.
He was bound hand and foot.
I was rudely awakened by a loud noise.
Where is Customs?
We go to school every day except Sunday.
I am Edgar Degas.
"Right, shall we be off then?" "Yes. Let's go!"
Yes, let's.
Permission to use the car was accorded her.
Yesterday I simply did not go to work.
You're perfectly right.
I'm no misogynist, but were I so then I'd surely exempt you.
That's all the thanks one gets.
It's nothing, don't be afraid!
Divide this line segment into twenty equal parts.
Wisdom is a curse when wisdom does nothing for the man who has it.
I do not like the rich.
They are among us!
This is unfortunate.
He is a true Muslim.
I want to try this.
It's all the rage.
Do you want me to comb your hair?
Do you want me to paint you?
You've come back?
To the devil with you!
My brothers!
That's not a grasshopper. It's a locust!
I'm sick!
I'm ill.
Esperanto is surely an enormous waste of time!
With all due respect, I think they both had valid points.
Exchanges with you seem to go on endlessly.
Thanks indeed, handy this!
Woods burn easily.
The location has changed.
Stop!
My son believes in Father Christmas.
I'm so unlucky!
Have there been a lot of sick people lately?
When did you move to Berlin?
Time flew.
Let's beat Japan!
Thanks!
He is happy about the progress he has recently made.
It happened just the other day.
Being 25 letters long, 'anticonstitutionnellement' is the longest word in French.
He studies computational linguistics.
I am of the opinion that this is the way to do it.
May I begin to eat?
The French language is rich in synonyms.
Consisting of bacon and cheese, the sandwich was quite greasy.
Decorated with blue and yellow strips, the tie was very unfashionable.
Let's try to write sentences of style and good quality.
I am going to bed!
Am I wasting my time?
Has the world gone mad?
Can a person go mad like this?
What if you just couldn't stop typing?
Do you think it might cause sickness?
Do you think you'd get ill?
What if it continued for ever?
We implemented our models in C++.
I got a great kernel panic a day or two ago.
Nobody can translate his sentences because they are quite difficult.
Nobody wants to translate his sentences because they are stupid.
This is strangely addictive!
I mean it's just another manifestation of internet addiction really.
I don't really know why he wrote the book.
Prescribe the boy some medication!
To the whole world - good night, good day and good morning.
Are you very seriously ill?
Do you have a receipt?
Perhaps he'll never become famous.
Maybe he won't become famous.
I left my card in the room.
Bill is two years older than I am.
He can run faster than I can.
I wonder why he did that.
The clock has stopped.
The clock stopped.
There's no need to apologize.
Let's postpone dinner.
Some Shanghainese hold large banquets when they get married.
There isn't any soap.
It's snowing.
Would you like a window seat or a seat on the aisle?
Be careful not to drop anything on your feet.
We have a cat. We all love cats.
"Why have you started learning to play the piano?" "Because I want to be a music teacher."
Brace yourselves! From today I'm learning the piano. Why? Because I want to become a music teacher!
May God be with us.
Badgers dig deep holes.
It's nothing serious.
It's nothing to worry about.
It was a very hot day.
Let's fly a kite.
No one knows.
Catch him.
I'm a beginner, so I think I'll start from a 'garter stitch' muffler or a 'knit-one-purl-one stitch' one.
His wound was bleeding.
They drink cola.
They were afraid of you.
He didn't answer the phone, so I left him an email.
Lock the gate.
Please be quiet.
The train has arrived.
What's that bird called?
When's it over?
When does it finish?
Let's eat sushi.
It's frozen hard.
Don't be disappointed.
Do you drink coffee?
I eat here.
I'll eat here.
I'll eat it here.
My album is here.
Your dog is here.
It might not be worth much, but you have my support.
This is your key.
This soup smells horrible. Do you think it's gone off?
Keep going straight.
That's not my concern.
It's no concern of mine.
That's my problem.
He told us to depart at once.
He told us that we should leave right away.
He commanded me to leave the bedroom immediately.
Everybody knows that.
He's too tall to stand up straight in this room.
I couldn't make it.
He told us to set off at once.
We don't have time.
My favourite sport is football.
What should I do?
He is about to leave.
There's the rub.
What's the point in doing that?
No, don't go.
Please get into the car.
It's very big.
My most favorite style of music is pop music.
That's very big.
How am I going to get home?
Let's go by bus.
The paint is peeling off.
We still have more time.
Everyone. Listen up.
Hey everyone, please listen.
Best before 01/09/2010.
Come if you can.
Please speak more loudly.
Would you like to eat something?
There's no need to hurry.
Clean the mirror.
Clean the dirt off the mirror.
Sit near here.
You can't see air with your eyes.
My tomcat has a sunburn.
A wolf doesn't bite a wolf.
Choose the one you like.
Choose whichever you like.
What's in this bag?
Who is that person?
Brussels is the capital of Belgium.
I don't want to give myself false hopes.
People should do their best.
He likes playing football.
He came to Berlin as a teacher.
Don't poke fun at foreigners.
I've never met her, but I recognize her.
I've never met him, but I recognize him.
I have nothing to say on this matter.
Cologne lies on the Rhine.
A portion of the island was destroyed by the massive waves.
Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, every day, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be silly enough to do. It is bad for the mind to be always part of unanimity.
America is a large, friendly dog in a very small room. Every time it wags its tail, it knocks over a chair.
The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be.
Many new teachers feel ill-prepared to teach basic literacy and numeracy.
Keeping your heart fit and strong can slow down the ageing of your brain, say researchers.
The motorway was closed due to a major accident.
The M1 motorway connects London to Leeds.
The doctor gave me a shot.
I need a map.
A little quieter, please.
I heard the phone ring.
Did you buy the pomegranate juice?
It's really windy.
Jugo is a southwestern wind, isn't it?
Are you getting off?
Two girls threw up on the bus in two days.
How's your little sister?
This movie theater has two floors.
Where is the emergency exit?
There's not a single safe place anymore in Japan.
First come, first serve.
To grow the commons of free knowledge and free culture, all users contributing to Tatoeba project are required to grant broad permissions to the general public to re-distribute and re-use their contributions freely, as long as the use is attributed and the same freedom to re-use and re-distribute applies to any derivative works.
Therefore, for any text you hold the copyright to, by submitting it, you agree to license it under the Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0 (fr).
Prostitution, gambling, the use of narcotic substances, drunkenness, disorder, and all other illegal activities are STRICTLY FORBIDDEN.
According to him, she is not coming.
Jim raised his hand.
Every day, my brother borrows a new book from the library.
She has few friends.
I could answer his question.
Mr. Crouch, what are you doing?
Everybody likes him.
Everyone likes him.
Everybody likes her.
White doves are beautiful birds.
She has three brothers.
Please hold a moment. I will see if he is back.
When the heater in the barn fails, milk-flavoured ice cubes this entails.
In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act.
I think computer viruses should count as life.
I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive.
We've created life in our own image.
For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
How far gone are you?
To dismiss the dialog box you need to click the X at the top right of the window.
"What do you want?" "I want a dog."
The demon lord finally lost conciousness and fell to the floor with a thud.
Tatoeba: Because you can't meet enough frenchies.
Tatoeba: As if the geek invasion wasn't enough.
FSI officer: "Sir, there is a website where ANYONE can add a sentence in a foreign language!". FSI president: "What?! Bomb them!".
"Honey, quick, quick. There's this website called Tatoeba that's auctioning its sentence collection for a cent each! They've even got special offers like buy 100 sentences and get 1 free!" "Ah great! now people collect sentences as a hobby?! What's the world coming to!"
Save a human. Eat a cannibal.
Man is the only animal that learns by being hypocritical. He pretends to be polite and then, eventually, he becomes polite.
In Tatoeba, you gotta always listen to veteran members. They'll tell you what can't be done and why. Then do it.
Tatoeba: Where debates are hotter than two rabbits making babies in a sock!
Tatoeba: Did you think that microchipping members with their sentences is far-fetched?
It's not that far.
He just arrived.
Who wants hot chocolate?
In China, there's a saying that you can't judge a person by appearance.
These plants are too small. I don't think that they'll grow.
My uncle's hobby is playing baseball.
He's crazy about soccer.
I forgot what his name was.
No one lives in this building.
The total comes to 3,000 yen.
I don't go to school on Sundays.
A crowd gathered on this street.
Hi, Roger. I'm doing well.
Don't depend too much on others.
God knows we did everything we could.
How long have you known her for?
It's wrong of you to talk back to her.
You're out of order in talking back to her in the first place.
I haven't seen her for a long time.
If you use the quit command noted below, you can make the application exit.
With this module you can make the Enter key generate an event.
We will tidy up our room so that Mom is satisfied.
She panicked when she heard the news.
Tatoeba: Sentences, sentences, and more sentences.
Tatoeba: Where sentences are always sentences, except when they aren't.
She freaked out as she heard the news.
She flipped out at hearing the news.
If only I knew his address.
She had a cow when she heard the news.
Please, you can have the paper first.
He didn't answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
Forever tiroes, stay on the side aisle.
That tie suits you very well.
This is an international community.
Pooja, the elegant lady with mellifluous voice, is to star in an upcoming Bollywood movie.
Tyro was married to Cretheus but loved Enipeus.
You're such rascals!
My left foot has gone to sleep.
The old man lives alone.
According to the long-term forecast, a mild winter seems to be ahead.
Napoleon guided his troops to Russia.
I have courage and a strong will.
Every child misbehaves from time to time.
His dog ran in the yard.
Allow me to introduce myself.
After the storm, the sea was quiet again.
Yumi went to the park to play tennis.
Anyone can do it as long as they try.
If anyone can do it, it's you.
What I don't know I don't envy.
The building has twenty floors.
I prefer grapefruit to oranges.
I plan to stay there one week.
Leave it closed.
Dick played piano and Lucy sang.
Food is digested in the stomach.
Don't lie to me.
The Rhine flows between France and Germany.
They're digging a hole.
I plead guilty.
As it were, the problem is solved.
She wasn't happy at hearing the news.
As soon as she heard the news, she broke into tears.
Don't put the wet towel in the bag.
I want to cry.
She was absent because she caught a cold.
When one takes a bath, the telephone rings.
He has blond hair.
I learn English every day.
O what can ail thee, knight-at-arms, alone and palely loitering?
The sedge has withered from the lake, and no birds sing.
Beginners for eternity, stay on the sidelines.
And for more than an hour she made believe not to know what there was for dinner.
I don't expect them to support my view.
I wanna have dinner in a restaurant.
All languages are equal, but English is more equal than the others.
"It's not my job" is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
John's two years older than me.
He went together with her.
I don't want it.
Power entails responsibilities.
I often play soccer after class.
He's really honest. It's all right if I trust him.
My mother can't come.
All right, I'm outta here.
All right. I'm leaving.
Don't enter.
They say that ferns can have flowers.
Better a hundred friends than a hundred rubles.
I should have never married.
My cat killed this mouse.
The door opened, and the man walked out.
I would like to see your mother.
You wouldn't happen to know where she lives, would you?
She is the pride of her class.
He wrote one letter.
There's a large risk involved.
The diamond in this ring is polished.
For some reason, she's really furious with me.
Excuse me, but could you get me a glass of water?
He has three daughters.
Who's this?
They installed a vending machine at work.
Is there any nutritional difference between soy and regular milk?
The die is cast. I repeat: The die is cast.
Air is for people what water is for fish.
Fish can't live out of water.
Is his father a teacher?
The Mississippi is the longest river in the United States.
U.S.S.R. stands for the "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics".
I got sick, and so couldn't come to school.
I understood from his accent that he was an American.
For example, we lack the option "only with this group of words".
Patience and hard work will conquer all.
Our goose is cooked.
Hard work conquers all.
Proverbs are an ornamentation of speech.
Faster, higher, stronger.
The pie is delicious.
I love apples.
If you bite me, then I'll bite you, too.
The Chinese people are exceptionally hardworking.
I'm sure that he's happy.
Mostly likely, he's come back from the workshop.
My father doesn't eat fruit that much.
Starting tomorrow, it's going to snow for a week.
I'm studying at the University of Hyogo.
He still hasn't answered my letter.
Don't come in.
From time to time, he goes to Tokyo on business.
She adores cakes.
She fell in love with the new teacher.
My train left at 7 and arrived in New York at 10.
Follow me into the room.
I'm sorry. I came late.
Oh, so you're at the barbershop!
This family gave me a warm welcome.
If you ask her too directly whether she has a friend, she will become suspicious and answer: "Why did you ask me that?".
I lost the watch that my father gave me.
Cats have nine lives.
No country on earth is safe in this nuclear age.
You're speaking my language.
I paid about 50 bucks.
I paid about 50 dollars.
It's difficult to give an objective definition of terrorism, as it is practically different in every country.
Many lost their homes after the earthquake.
I was in the train for twelve hours.
He is the best among us.
I get on pretty well with my new classmates.
The tea is really bitter and doesn't taste good.
Make sure to drink the medicine before you go to bed.
Goodbye. See you tomorrow.
Do you have the schedule?
I bought some cheese and milk.
Good luck with your work!
She came!
I'm afraid of spiders.
What are you getting at?
It's hard to fall asleep on stormy summer nights.
You don't know what it is you've got until it's gone.
What would I do without you?
She was at a loss what to do.
She drives me totally insane.
She totally drives me nuts.
You can't put a "thank you" inside your pocket.
Her actions were in vain.
One hand washes the other.
A chain fails at its weakest link.
This is a common error.
My sister is a clutz, and that's her drawback.
You need to call the police immediately.
Lenses with two distinct optical powers are also called "bifocals".
Spring follows winter.
You'll get there on time if you make the train.
There are no mistakes in your composition.
The CD on the table is mine.
My father is free on Saturday.
Your name is first on the list.
Lock the windows before going to bed.
All right. I'll translate another fifteen sentences in German, and then leave.
He placed his hand on my shoulder.
He's her friend.
There's a lot of gaps in my knowledge of math.
There's a yellow rose there.
A big thanks for your help.
We'd like a table in the non-smoking section.
You really believe in ghosts?
He answered by saying that he could swim well.
My goal is to become a doctor.
My father will be forty soon.
She always gets up early.
They don't use the table and chairs.
I'm simply amazed by you.
Slowly, the leaves are falling.
He's a famous artist.
I want a good dictionary.
I have two daughters.
He's got a joker.
She's not the same age as Mary.
Ah, so that's how you milk a cow?
Don't walk so quickly. I can't keep up.
I take the bus to school.
I'm going to need your help.
The heating doesn't work.
The phone doesn't work right now.
I think that he wants to buy a new dictionary.
This boy is his brother.
The pollution worsens with each year.
Romans did not wish for the fall of their empire, but it happened.
I hope that none of them got into an accident.
Why are people going to the movies?
She wept the entire night.
Tom speaks Spanish, and so does Betty.
Happy birthday!
All the students were against the war.
Compare the facts.
They had stickers on their cars reading: "First Iraq then France".
The coalition of the willing.
Why don't we play tennis on Sunday?
It's dark, so watch your step.
The responsibility is mine.
He acts according to my advice.
I know an English language instructor who comes from Canada.
I am a boy.
Why did he do that?
I went swimming after I woke up.
He threw a stone into the lake.
She put on her bonnet.
Yesterday I bought a book.
When he is angry, he always cries to me.
Tomorrow I must leave earlier.
He goes for a walk one day every month.
I play violin.
It was built more than 500 years ago.
Today is June 18th, the birthday of Muiriel!
Here are our books.
I don't like any of these pictures.
The following day he was found dead in the bedroom.
I can't hold it anymore.
It's important to read many books in one's life.
That's the opinion of a dilettante.
She presented the lady to me.
He returned from Canada.
The concert was successful.
What's this street called?
I admire his courage.
It rained yesterday evening.
Will he come tomorrow?
We hoped that she would win.
I have to learn Japanese.
I will make a man out of you.
Love is blind.
I played with the champion.
You will be able to buy this only there.
The French flag is blue, white, and red.
I live in Kobe.
Did you read an interesting book?
He really pissed me off.
He really ticked me off.
He really got to me.
Tom got out of bed every morning at 6 am.
This room is used as a kitchen.
Blood ran from the wound.
He came in through the window.
Does it snow a lot here in the winter?
I have a glass eye.
It's obvious that he's right.
He is able to swim quickly.
The police followed him to Paris.
How many students are there in your class?
I use the internet for business.
He said the truth.
I ordered two hamburgers.
Pardon me, is that seat taken?
Not a single star could be seen in the sky.
When I got out of bed this morning, I had a headache.
This person isn't very quick when it comes to making friends.
I have a coat, but I don't have a hat.
It's what he painted.
I will teach you how to play chess.
Sorry, would you happen to have a light?
You should have been more careful of your health.
What do you want to have?
He neglects his studies.
I'm waiting for your assistance.
I'm waiting for your help.
In my opinion, this is quite unsuitable.
My dream is to live peacefully in the village.
You're really revolting!
You're really loathsome!
He agreed with those unhappy people.
He was the first to help him.
He was the first to help her.
Yesterday I helped the father.
Here is Japan.
Where is the tea with milk?
I brush my teeth after eating.
Who am I, according to you?
Before TV cameras, they emptied bottles of Bordeaux wine into the gutter - crying out slogans against the France that had rejected the war in Iraq.
Whose ever bread one eats, his language one speaks.
Is he done using the telephone?
The problem is that solar energy is too expensive.
One hour of thoughtlessness can cause years of tears.
After Saturday comes Sunday.
Sunday follows Saturday.
You can call me at whatever time you want.
You can call me at any time you like.
This book is about stars.
They showed the scene in slow motion.
The train on which he left goes to Tokyo Station.
It was raining into the bargain.
I recognize that what he says is the truth.
I missed my train.
She spotted him from above as he went through the crowd.
I'm having lunch with my sister right now.
I can't allow myself to buy a new car.
They provided food for the war victims.
Why is Mary going with him to the picnic?
I believe that there's a mistake.
Many stars shine in the sky.
I don't have money, but I have dreams.
Set the time on the alarm.
Life is a dream.
Don't touch the button.
I have three times more money than you do.
He teaches Arabic.
He is short but strong.
I am sorry to hear that.
Go to sleep.
One is able to see the total parm from the restaurant.
Did you do your tasks?
It is 50 kilometers to Paris.
One can't visit Rome in one day.
He darkened the room.
I came.
Aoi is a good dancer.
I like your way of smiling.
Before that I played with my sister in the park.
Cover the macaroni fully with water.
Which hat is yours?
Add the shredded carrot to the stuffing.
I'll go there at 10.
I will go at 10.
I would go at 10.
So you don't understand this sentence?
She was fine before lunch, but felt bad afterwards.
Place them on the baking sheet, then glaze them with egg yolk.
We walked on the dune.
It's not a big deal.
The following people were put to the test.
Could I please use your phone?
What an idiot I was to lend her money.
What an idiot I was to lend him money.
Don't drive under the influence.
Don't drink and drive.
And I'm in Lvov now!
That there isn't an orange either.
Make balls 3 centimeters in diameter and place them on a sheet of buttered aluminum foil.
We scaled up Mount Fuji last year.
Here's a yellow rose.
His socks are gray.
My father is on an international trip.
My friends dropped by to see me the day before yesterday.
My friends dropped by to see me the other day.
Please come see me tomorrow.
Life is boring in a small village.
He'll arrive within an hour.
He's rich. You should try it.
It's clear that he's rich.
I used to play tennis.
I was playing tennis.
I'm a diabetic.
He should have been an actor.
Many pretty flowers bloom in the spring.
This plan should be carried out.
Maybe it'll snow.
Many lost their homes in the earthquake.
Many lost their homes during the earthquake.
She got married without her parents knowing it.
We often eat raw fish.
Ken plays football every day.
I am certain that he will pass the exam.
Most people who eat with a fork live in Europe, North America, and South America; people who eat with chop sticks live in Africa, the Near East, Indonesia, and India.
I don't want meat.
I paid five dollars for this book.
You see, the first of the students is my father.
Do you have a foreign beer?
Leaving the restroom we must wash our hands!
He laughed for no reason.
He speaks as if he were rich.
These cities have similar traffic rules.
The school year begins on the 10th of April.
The students are on vacation.
She does not like green peppers.
We said "Thanks for the meal" to the cook.
Don't blow in a beehive.
I would like to meet his father.
No one came to help me.
He is going to tell me his story.
I am not able to say anything otherwise.
There is no reason for me not doing something.
Few people have two cars.
Kate stayed in Izu for the weekend.
A million people lost their live during the war.
I am prepared for the worst.
I prefer going by foot than bicycling.
Who cared for the dog when you were away?
Can you sit in the Lotus position?
He rubs the stain with vinegar.
He is not capable of buying a car and certainly not a house.
Why did you go to Japan?
I am proud of my shoes.
I left Africa forever.
Awaiting your quick response . . .
I have two brothers and a sister.
Otto Lilienthal was a German engineer and entrepreneur.
The number of students in this class is limited to 15.
The youth of our land are not interested in politics.
That is water from the mill.
I go monthly to the hairdresser.
My pencil fell from the edge of my table.
She gave me a beautiful clock, but I lost it.
He thanked me for the gift.
The situation is such that I am never again able to see you here.
She is only two years old but is able to count to 100.
Great thanks for a lovely night.
Yesterday my sister went to Kobe.
Don't open your book.
I invited my neighbor to breakfast.
The water is tasty.
We will go to watch TV.
According to his opinion, yes.
They love that song.
He cared for the baby.
Do these insects sting?
Those who search, find.
She likes to walk alone.
On the edge of the cliff bloom the most beautiful flowers.
Please hang your coat in the anteroom.
She became engaged to the rich man.
My dad is not home at the moment.
He is photogenic.
In other words, he is a lazy person.
The train arrived on time to Kyoto.
She gave him a clock.
She almost froze to death in the snow.
I regret that I am going away.
Perry became used to the loud deliberations.
The climate is changing.
Ruby on Rails is an agile development platform, which means we can respond to feedback from our customers very quickly.
He's rich. You should give him a try.
How much for this carpet?
This snake is not venomous.
You arrive soon, don't you?
My father has a lot of books.
It is an interesting information.
Excuse me, what is the shortest way to go to the station?
You have to leave.
We will terrorize the terrorists.
Our first lesson is math.
As it is for one, so it is for me.
Afterwards, I did not speak with them.
Iron is a very useful metal.
Our cow does not give milk to us.
One does not buy happiness.
He strongly cried out asking for help.
It was really windy.
I was shocked about John's death.
I no longer love him.
Leave me in peace!
I heard an unusual noise.
He is preparing for the test.
I was truly perplexed.
Why is Mary going for a picnic with him?
I often spend my free time listening to music.
I did it myself.
You do not have a fever.
His room's a mess.
Plato is my friend, but the truth is worth more to me.
This shredder features a very high throughput rate.
I decided to tell her that I love her.
The people here are good.
I studied in Boston from 2003 to 2007.
I have three dogs. One is male and the other two are female.
I had an idea.
There's a little bit of water in the glass.
This device produces electricity.
I already have an envelope.
He always comes here at this time.
This idea has never entered my head before.
We looked for the puppy, but it was in vain.
The Earth is like a ball with a large magnet inside.
He visited Nara on a bus.
I would like to have a cup of coffee.
She told me that she wanted a pet dog.
He doesn't know how to play the piano.
I am convinced of his innocence.
How do you know?
These books belong to me.
It looks like she's got a lot of friends.
It looks like she has a lot of friends.
They used math to calculate the shape of the universe immediately before and after the Big Bang.
The ship will arrive in San Francisco this evening.
This is an interesting book to read.
I don't remember what happened anymore.
She ran to Shinjuku.
He lost all of his money.
These shoes are too big for me.
Don't stick your nose where it doesn't belong.
Who broke the vase?
One has to protect his family.
You work too much.
You will have to work a lot.
You will have to study a lot.
Beautiful weather, isn't it?
We went to the museum last week.
I walked an entire ten miles.
There was a lot of wind.
To the Hilton Hotel, please.
The days are getting longer.
Yes, I love this.
The Statue of Liberty is the symbol of America.
I met him while going back home.
He had an oral exam.
Many men died at sea.
Is Mrs. Smith an English teacher?
Jump as high as you can.
He's a tennis player.
This book will be very useful to us.
He works in the car industry.
You like English, don't you?
This music was composed by Bach.
My grandfather loves to read.
The fast and effective solution for finding the job of your dreams!
Easily find the best prices for your train trip.
Want to leave at the last minute?
Hurry up, the summer is almost over...
Discover all the services and advantages of first class.
They forced her to confess.
After the death of her parents, her grandparents took to her education.
After the death of his parents, his grandparents took to his education.
People like him because of his friendliness.
This hotel is situated on a hill.
The Japanese take off their shoes when entering a house.
It cost him 3000 yen to have his hair cut.
I don't know what to do.
My clock needs to be fixed.
Before, he would go to the firm on foot.
It'll cost over a thousand yen.
Feeling tired from walking in the countryside, he took a nap.
I don't know what will pass.
Many soldiers suffered terrible wounds in the battle.
She warned the children not to play on the street.
How many days do you plan to stay?
The problem is that that circuit is in series.
Have you thought of checking the oil level?
You really ought to change your spark plugs.
My screw gun is making weird noises.
I give in.
A handyman who possesses a chainsaw is not a handyman, but a terrorist.
I was looking to kill time.
I am very grateful to you for your advice.
I think, therefore I am.
There's a lot of wind this morning, isn't there?
My neighbor renovated her house completely.
My neighbor renovated his house completely.
The immobiliser light is on.
I have two three-phase power generators in my cellar.
He doesn't tan.
Well, at least let me set up the table.
He tries to stop smoking.
I'm just going out for a bit.
The Japanese fishing fleet catches more than 1000 whales per year on the pretext of scientific research.
I need to shave.
You can't fill your stomach with the food left on your beard.
It is pointless to chase after small gains.
He's got a thick beard.
Even goats have beards.
The son I have in Aksu is very brave!
I won't bother you.
Shit happens.
Wow, it's hot today.
Wow, it's pretty cold today.
This is a friend of mine.
Is this place far from the bank?
What time is it now?
I don't have a washing machine at home, and so I have to go to the washing room in order to do the laundry.
This question is not easy.
Show me what's in your pocket.
Trier is the oldest city in Germany.
A burnt child dreads fire.
Whatever you say, she is the one I'm going to marry.
She's not a doctor.
The smoke alarm has never been maintained.
He is guilty of theft.
What are you interested in?
He fell into the ditch.
Would you mind if I came along?
Got it?
Enough, I said.
There'll be a problem.
I think that they're a lot of fun.
My father was about to leave when the phone rang.
Don't say such ill-omened things.
Odd, isn't it? We should have already arrived.
I will call a policeman.
I will call in order to confirm it.
I will show you some.
I will transfer the money.
I wish you the same.
I won't be able to finish it unless I receive your help.
I won't be your friend as long as you treat me like that.
I won't eat breakfast today.
I work for three hours every Saturday morning.
I work here. I'm no guest.
I work in a hospital.
I work in the morning.
I would like a bottle of cough mixture.
I would like an air-conditioned room.
I would like chicken soup.
I would like to buy a present for my wife. I thought about a scarf.
I would like to hire a car.
I would like fruit juice.
I would like marinated fish and seafood.
I would like some envelopes.
I would like some information about museums.
I would like to call.
I would like to exchange money.
I would like to exchange this shirt that I bought yesterday.
I would like to pay with cash. Is breakfast included in the price?
I would like to see a house 50 meters from here.
I would like to work with your company.
I would love to drive the car but I'm only 14.
I wouldn't like to live there.
I write Chinese.
I write in the morning and at night.
I'd like to buy a map.
I'm expecting someone.
I'm lost.
I'm out of here.
I've been living in San Salvador for six years.
I'd like to buy menu of the day.
I'd like to go out with her.
I'd like to insure my luggage.
I'd like to introduce some friends of mine.
I'd like to introduce my good friend Luis.
I'll be right with you.
I'll charge you 1000 pesetas to repair the zip on these jeans.
It'll cost you 2,000 pesetas.
I'll give you the ice cream after you eat all the carrots.
I'll only be staying a few days.
I'll ring back at midday.
I'll see you today, at around twelve.
I'll stand, thank you!
I'll take this: I like the colour.
I'll wait for you downstairs.
I'll write to you or I'll phone you next week.
I'm against that resolution.
I'm appalled at how badly those children behave.
I'm beginning to see that it's going to be impossible.
I'm confused. What do I do now?
I'm doing the cooking.
I'm going into the 6th form.
I'm going shopping this afternoon, although I don't have much money.
I'm going to have a siesta.
I'm going to leave school.
I'm going to stay at home tonight.
I'm going to study biology and Spanish.
I'm going to work as a builder with my father.
I'm on a hockey team.
I'm in love with you and I want to marry you.
I'm in the bathroom because I'm washing my hands.
I'm looking for a book about medieval Spain.
I'm not bothered.
I'm not free.
I'm on the N634, five kilometers from Llanes.
I'm so tired that I can't go on.
I'm sorry, I haven't any left.
I'm sorry, we don't have films for your camera.
I'm useless at French.
I've been waiting for you for 5 hours.
I've got a reservation.
I've lost my bag.
I'm buying fruit and chocolate.
I'm buying meat and vegetables.
I'm cold.
I'm drinking water because I'm thirsty.
I'm hot.
I'm wearing a sweater because I'm cold.
If I go to the party, I'll take some bottles of wine.
If she expects them to give her five days off work with pay, she's going to be disappointed.
If the pain continues you have to go to the doctor.
If we have money problems we can always dip into our savings.
If you hurry, you can grant your luggage and get into the plane.
If you keep on drinking like that, you'll be drunk very soon.
If you need anything, ask the chambermaid.
If you pay for my ticket then we will be quits.
If you want to be slim, follow this diet.
In many places blind persons sell lottery tickets.
In my house it's my mother who's the boss.
In one month there are four weeks.
In one week there are seven days.
In one year there are twelve months.
In order to improve the environment.
In Spain they serve lunch at about two o'clock.
I usually study math in the evening.
In the morning, I write in the park.
In the summer I wear short-sleeved shirts.
In the summer it's very hot in southern Spain.
In this case, 100 euro please.
What denominations would you like?
Is dinner ready?
Is everything arranged for tomorrow?
Is flight 23 on time?
Is it always so awful in April?
Is it certain that he will come tomorrow?
Is it cloudy?
Is it correct to say it like this?
Is it foggy?
Is it hot?
Is it on this side of the street?
Is it rainy?
Is it snowy?
Is it windy?
It is midday. The men are eating lunch.
Is that covered by my insurance?
Is that OK now?
Is that the train I have to take?
Is the beach near this area?
Is the museum of art around here?
Is there a cash machine near here?
Is there a company board?
Is there a fee?
Is there a shop at this zoo?
Is there a shorter road to get there?
Is there a subway station around?
Is there an aquarium at this zoo?
Is there any post for me?
Is there any souvenir shop around here?
Is there bus service to the airport?
Is there much snow here in the winter?
Is this a public or private company?
Is this an original piece?
Is this the direct way to the Prado?
It comes as two courses.
It depends on the weather.
It doesn't matter what I say, she always contradicts me.
It has been two years since I studied medicine.
It has to be ready by the fifteenth.
It hasn't been painted yet.
It hurts here.
It is 7:30.
It is 7:45.
It is bad weather.
It is dusty.
It is easy to learn a foreign language.
It is far away from here.
It is foggy.
It is forbidden to throw things out of the window.
It is in front of the monument.
It is a lounge.
It is morning. The children are eating breakfast.
It is my bedroom.
It is night. The family is eating dinner.
It is not for beginners.
It is not known who has the authority in this matter.
It is not what I ordered.
It is too late.
It is very expensive.
It is very near.
It is very pleasant to cross the ocean by ship.
It is warm.
It isn't easy to learn a foreign language.
It looks lovely after having been painted red.
It revolts me.
It seems like an interesting job. What do you exactly do?
It seems that you are very happy today.
It took me 2 hours to finish the essay.
It was just a passing infatuation.
It was love at first sight.
It was raining when I took the bus.
It was snowing when I woke up.
It was very cold yesterday evening.
It was very foggy.
It was very windy.
It will be cloudy.
It will be cold and the sky will be overcast.
It's 3:30.
It's ten to nine.
It's early.
It's midnight.
It's a bit further way.
It's a good idea to drink bottled water.
It's a good idea to study the language and culture of the country you're going to visit.
It's a large brick building.
It's a spectacle you won't forget.
It's a very delicate matter.
It's a very strange case.
It's about to rain.
It's big!
It's cold today!
It's delicious!
It's down that street, on the left.
It's free for European Union citizens.
It's funny you should say that.
It's good for your health to walk every day.
It's hailing.
It's hard to get a taxi outside the station.
It's incredible.
It's late already. Hurry up!
It's more comfortable here inside.
It's necessary to go through customs on arriving.
It's not difficult if you study.
It's not necessary to write a long letter.
It's not practical.
It's on the next corner.
It's raining.
It's spring.
It's strange that nobody knows us.
It's the 28th of May.
It's too far away.
It's too late to back out now.
It's two blocks from here.
It's very near. Its a five minute walk.
It's well worth it.
It's worthwhile to visit both places.
It's worthwhile visiting the old castles.
It's wrong of you not to forgive him.
Italy is far from Brazil.
Japan is close to China.
Juan is getting dressed.
Judging by what I've heard.
Julio is never in style.
Just a small portion.
Keep clear.
Keep to the right.
Kiss my ass.
Ladies and gentlemen, please sit down.
Ladies use fans when it is hot.
Last night I arrived late.
Last year April was the warmest month.
Lessons begin at 9 and end at 4.
Let me check. How many tickets do you want?
Let me explain why I arrived late.
Let's have another.
Let's all get drunk tonight.
Let's go shopping downtown.
Let's have a game of tennis.
Line up for lunch.
Listen to what the teacher says.
Look at the plan: it's next to the library.
Look into my eyes.
Lots of love, John.
Love John.
Love songs move me.
My room key, please.
Madrid is one of the most beautiful capitals in Europe.
Madrid is the capital of Spain.
Make a circle and hold hands.
Make a circle on the floor.
Many inhabitants of the United States speak Spanish.
Many museums are closed on Mondays.
Many new factories have opened.
Many offices of the municipal government are in the town hall.
Many ports are in the east.
Many rich people live in this neighborhood.
Many stores offer discounts in the month of August.
Maria is sad today.
May I call on you again?
May I change this for a salad?
May I come in?
May I help you?
May I leave a message?
May I leave my phone number?
May I park here for a while?
May I present Mr Hummer.
May I smoke?
May I speak to Pedro?
May I stop at Seville on the way?
May I take a photo?
May I take a snapshot of you?
May I try on this dress?
May I use your telephone?
May it go well for you.
Maybe she wasn't talking about you.
Maybe the red one? It is cheaper.
Me neither.
The meat was overfried.
Mom is washing the dog because he's dirty.
Most people agree.
Much love to the children.
Must I open everything?
Must I stay in bed?
My mailing address is 920 Broadway.
My birthday is November 10th.
My bottle broke.
My brother has nothing.
My brother prefers windsurfing.
My car has broken down.
My children are a blessing.
I can't stand my crazy life.
My favorite dance is the tango.
My favorite team lost yesterday.
My friend feels very ill.
My head hurts.
My ladder is not broken.
My last name is Jones.
My luggage is in the boot.
My mind went blank.
My mobile has been stolen.
My mother is a teacher.
My mother only had two children at the time.
My mouth is numbed.
My name is Henry.
My name is Noelia, and you are?
My new dress is red.
My old dress is blue.
My older brother is practicing judo. He is very good.
My parents are divorced.
My parents are from China.
My parents don't speak English.
My parents don't understand me.
My shoes are brown.
My sister is 10 centimetres taller than I am.
My suit is gray.
My sweater is purple.
My teacher is Mr. Haddad.
My teacher is Mrs. Li.
My television is broken.
My tie is orange.
My tooth hurts.
My toy is broken.
My watch must be slow.
My wife prepares very good meals in this kitchen.
My wisdom tooth hurts.
The next flight is at 10:00.
Nevertheless, I want to go there.
Newspapers are sold in the kiosk.
The bank is next to the post office.
I gave my mother 19 flowers on Mother's Day.
No, not me. It's my younger brother.
No, thanks. I am tired.
No, usually I watch them at home on TV.
No. I want to pay in cash.
No. They are too small.
None of the balls are yellow.
None of the children are sitting.
None of the flowers are plastic.
Not too spicy.
Not too sweet.
Not until tomorrow afternoon.
Nothing more, thanks.
Oh my gosh. I will be late for lessons.
Oh, now I understand.
Old people walk slowly.
On hearing that, he knitted his brow.
On hearing the news, she fainted.
On the contrary, I've never said such a thing.
On the other side of the street.
Once a day...
One day was 30 degrees.
One good turn deserves another.
Open the window and you'll have fresh air.
Opposite the park there is a beautiful river.
Opposite there is a six-story building.
Orchestra is playing out of tune.
Our friendship will last a long time.
Our hotel is on the next street.
Our house is your house.
Our plan won't get anywhere.
Our shirts are all the same color but are all different sizes.
Our visit has been very pleasant.
Our visit was wonderful.
Our visitors are at the door.
Our visitors are sitting in the living room.
Our work never ends.
Ow, the coffee is very hot!
She bought some paper that she could use for writing letters.
Pardon me, do you speak English?
Patricia approached the house.
People dine very late in Spain.
Pinochet remains in hospital due to heart problems.
Please be seated.
Please bill me.
Please call a doctor!
Please call a taxi for me.
Please call me at nine AM.
Please close the door when you leave.
Please do not touch.
Please don't touch.
Please let me know when I should get off.
Please make out my bill as soon as possible?
Please show me the way to the business section.
Please speak more slowly.
Please take a message for me.
Please write it down.
Please, how can I get to the center?
Pleased to meet you.
Pleasure to meet you.
The second portion contains meat.
Probably you are allergic to pollen or dust.
Push the door carefully.
Put everything in a taxi.
Raise your hand.
Read the advertisement section if you're looking for a job.
Romeo marries Juliet.
Room service, please.
Room with a double-bed.
See what's going on outside.
See you soon.
Shall we go and eat?
Shall we go out?
Sharpen your pencil.
She backed out at the last moment.
She became pregnant.
She brushes the horse.
She burst into tears.
She didn't give me my money back.
She gave her father a tie.
She glanced around.
She has a dirty face.
She has a few books.
She has a little bread.
She has a very pretty face.
She has dry hair.
She has even more books.
She has more books.
She has sunglasses.
She has the hands on the window.
She has the measles.
She has her toes in the water.
She has wet hair.
She is buying a cake in the bakery.
She is buying books in the bookstore.
She is buying jewelry in a jewelry store.
She is called Mei. She is cooking in the kitchen.
She is from France.
She is in the bathroom.
She is preparing to the Olympic Games this year.
She is running outdoors.
She is the woman to whom I gave the gift.
She left him for another man.
She likes to read.
She likes to run.
She lives in New York.
She lost her purse.
Now that I'm here, the problem is as good as solved.
This ring is a magic item that gives great power to its user.
Taking a bath in this lake is not without risk.
From this moment on, Muiriel is 20 years old.
The tracks run parallel to the road.
I am more than grateful for you help.
I would like for him to write more often.
He can be proud of his father.
He can be proud of her father.
Are you coming down?
At that time, she was busy with some sort of work.
I wished him a good night.
I wished her a good night.
I wish him a good night.
I wish her a good night.
Please, I ask that you stay calm.
Please, I ask that you be calm.
You don't realize how lucky you are.
Ah, if all of us could speak all languages!
Oh crap, it's past the consume-by date. That's why you threw up!
You can download the instruction manual for the heat exchanger here.
"You can know anything instantly ... if you Google it." "Google?"
I never heard him lie.
He has a good chance of getting elected.
His chances of being elected are good.
They don't have the slightest knowledge of geography.
We were climbing up the steep mountain.
Have you had dinner already?
She's there already?
This is her house.
This is his house.
It is perfectly natural for him to be proud of his son.
It is perfectly natural for him to be proud of her son.
They don't go well together.
Japan has changed significantly in the past 50 years.
What brand and what color is the director's car?
But why?
The two sisters lived very peacefully.
This child's mother is an announcer.
I think it's you who should apologize to her.
There are no clean plates.
Your face is black. Did you come from a coal mine?
Hungry?
Do you come here every day?
Harvard was founded in 1636.
There are many red flowers in the garden.
Tomorrow, a meeting will be held.
The new year will begin.
I trust you.
Gold golems are guardians used to guard treasure.
I'm staying at this hotel.
You have two older brothers.
You have two younger brothers.
He has western books the like of which you can't get in Japan.
He has foreign books of a kind you can't find in Japan.
I worked a lot today.
I have no friends to whom I could speak about such matters.
I intend this money be used for when you study abroad.
The aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen.
He was covered in mud from head to foot.
Once, when I was in primary school, a kid was being bullied and it bothered me so much that I exploded with anger.
She will not forget listening to the sad tune.
We tend to make mistakes.
I don't have time.
I always thought that having a heart attack was the way nature told you to die.
Never use a cannon to kill a fly.
What tea do you drink? Is lemon tea okay?
You know, I came across him in the street the other day, we stopped to chat.
English is not easy, but it is interesting.
Well, take it.
It's mine, not his.
So which way is it to the People's Park?
If you're happy to, have some.
Everything's about you, so I'm not going!
I'm really sorry!
I lost my trust in him.
It doesn't go with the room at all, but I got it for free so it's all good!
It's ugly, bright yellow and it doesn't go with anything. But at least you won't get run over in the dark!
Not everything on the web can be found through Google.
George Bush went on a vacation with his wife.
Maurice Ravel had a nice bike.
This penthouse is spacious.
He was accused of squandering public funds.
You have such beautiful, hazel eyes.
I wasn't fired. I quit.
There's a storm coming.
There are many people like this in the world. Normally, they're not brave. After getting drunk, they turn brave.
Venice is a city on water.
Is this jasmine tea?
There's room inside.
Any act whatever of a man, which causes damage to another, obliges the one by whose fault it occurred to compensate it.
You want more information about our activities? Subscribe to our newsletter.
Give water to the thirsty and food to the hungry.
Don't underestimate us.
Don't underestimate me.
Pomegranate seeds are relatively big.
We like playing soccer.
The Japanese archipelago is struck by a terrible heat wave.
Sports are good for your health.
Too many cooks spoil the broth.
The flowers have all withered.
I dunno if it's a bug or what, but this software doesn't work right.
The various modes of worship which prevailed in the Roman world were all considered by the people as equally true; by the philosopher as equally false; and by the magistrate as equally useful. And thus toleration produced not only mutual indulgence, but even religious concord.
Call me immediately after you meet him.
My favorite color is red.
An old man sat next to me on the bus.
Do you think that fish can hear?
I tied my dog to a tree in the garden.
According to the newspaper there was an earthquake in Mexico.
Evidently her mother started screaming.
Turn up the radio a little bit.
Please don't make much noise.
He cried: "Help!"
According to her, he will not go.
Something is better than nothing.
When will Mr. Suzuki be leaving Japan?
She seems to have no interest in soccer.
The noise was quickly brought under control.
You are not able to swim, are you?
I lost my key.
The doctor prescribed medicine for the patient.
The city is found west of London.
Maybe I am unhappy, but I don't intend to kill myself.
Only for grownups.
That he would be able to do.
You will soon get used to Japanese food.
Because of the accident I went too late to school.
Leaving the train station, I saw a man.
Take some aspirin.
I am hungry because I did not have breakfast.
We are definitely leaving this country.
Heaven and hell exist only in the human heart.
There is but one alternative.
He looked at historically famous locations.
Culture destroys languages.
Dumb as a block of wood.
One who knows no love knows no unhappiness.
That we are not able to do.
Good night, Timmy!
It was hard for me to act pleasantly to others.
It's so hot outside, you could fry an egg.
Tatoeba is addictive.
I must be out of my mind.
I must be seeing things.
Crazy!
The water's warm enough for a swim.
Every day, it's getting hotter and hotter.
Time for a hot bath, and then it's bedtime.
The geyser goes off with hot water every two hours.
Joan of Arc refused to attribute the voices she could hear to anything other than the Word of the Lord.
Jane ended up not buying it.
English and German are two related languages.
Mathematicians have this in common with the French: whatever you're trying to say to them, they take it and translate it in their own way and turn it around into something completely different.
Slip of the tongue.
My native language is Japanese.
It's fun to learn a foreign language.
English is a hard language to learn.
The whole world speaks English.
English has a lot of idiomatic expressions to offer.
This shows that English isn't just for the British anymore.
The Norman victory over England had a big impact on the English language.
French is his mother tongue.
The dictionary is an invaluable tool for learning languages.
The spoken word is the source of all evil.
Meg has a knack for languages.
For the first time in his life, Yuka finished reading an entire book in English.
Stick out your tongue.
Our native language is Japanese.
He can speak five languages.
He picked up a mirror and looked at his tongue.
Watch your mouth or you'll get it.
It's hard to learn a foreign language.
Get it? You've got to study a foreign language.
I want some pork rinds.
Music is the universal language.
I'd never been to that city before, and even worse, I couldn't speak a word of the language.
It's one thing to speak a language; teaching it is a whole new ball game.
How on earth can you speak that language?
The words themselves are on the tip of my tongue, but I just can't say it.
What language is spoken in Mexico?
What language do they speak in Mexico?
You can't be afraid to make mistakes when learning a foreign language.
What do they speak in America?
He learned Chinese so fast, everyone says he's very smart, that he really has a gift with languages.
He doesn't speak a single word of French, but on the other hand, he speaks English like he was born into it.
He can't say one word of French, but then again he speaks English like a native.
Sweden has its own language.
It's not easy to translate a poem in a foreign language.
In Australia, they speak English.
Speaking of foreign languages, do you speak French?
Think before you speak.
You really ought to think before you open your mouth, you'd avoid a lot of misunderstandings that way.
There are very few websites in native Tartar online.
It's hard to speak three languages.
When traveling abroad, it's helpful to learn at least a few chance words and phrases of your destination.
English is not my first language.
This book is intended for students who do not speak Japanese as a native language.
You don't live in a country; you live in a language. Your homeland, that's that and nothing else.
We don't live in countries, we live in our languages. That is your home, there and nowhere else.
Most Swiss citizens speak two or three languages.
Sadako wanted to say more, but her lips just didn't want to move anymore.
Sadako wanted to add more, but her mouth just didn't want to open enough to make the words anymore.
The bird's cry broke the silence of the woods.
My puppy died, and I'm terribly upset.
The bullet train came roaring past.
With the first election of a woman into the seat of Chancellorship, the word "Bundeskanzlerin," as a feminine noun for the title, was voted Word of the Year in 2005 by the Academy of German Language.
Jorge can speak four languages.
Many languages borrow from English words.
Greek is not an easy language.
What language do they speak in your country?
All languages being equal, English is the most equal of all.
I concede the argument.
I have nothing else worth saying.
English is a Germanic language.
English and German share a common ancestor.
English is a sister language of German.
Refusing linguistic injustice doesn't make you a paranoid schizophrenic.
Saying no to unequal language rights isn't the same thing as paranoia.
I'm not interested in modern art.
I just don't get modern sculpture.
His house is very modern.
He majored in modern French literature.
He knows about the modern history of France.
It took a lot of time to get up to date in modern medicine.
When he was young, he was a hard worker.
It took a while to make headway in modern medicine.
When she was young, she was very popular.
The two of them transformed chemistry into a modern science.
The furniture in this office is really modern.
According to what they say, that boy is very good at singing.
Of course, he is right.
Being lucky, he was in time for the train.
I was very happy when I heard that news.
The roses in the garden are blooming.
His office is convenient for the station.
Has he failed again?
Jessie accepted the invitation at once.
Jessie does not speak of these things openly.
Jessie gave orders that Alex was to be treated well.
Jessie sat at the far end of the table.
Jessie shook Joseph's hand and greeted him with affection.
Jessie spoke bad French and worse German.
Jessie stared at Jordan in dead silence.
Jessie stood at Charles's side talking into his ear.
Jessie strolled along beside the cart.
Jessie urged the little donkey forward.
The men looked at Jessie in silence.
We ought to send Jordan to the hospital.
I want to tell you something strange.
This place isn't convenient for public transportation.
It doesn't bode well!
Quitting one's job in a big way is cathartic but is it the right thing to do?
How do you know that the patient is not feigning illness?
Is it a good idea to hire former hackers to work as security professionals?
In case of fire, do not use the lift.
Mind your head.
He is one of my neighbors.
Don't drive under the influence of drink.
We lost no time sending him to the hospital.
We have lunch about noon.
Soon we'll be able to send you to gaol.
We'll soon be able to send you to jail.
He's Taro's younger brother.
He is Taro's older brother.
Did he propose to you?
Did he say anything about it?
Did he pass the test?
Did he pass the exam?
I usually get up at 6:00.
Do you know his older brother?
Did you know that he bought a condominium?
We took him to the hospital right away.
Did you know he is good at making coffee?
It's been decided that we'll have a meeting a week from today.
I plan to live in the city.
I had no intention of living in a large city from the start.
That's insane! Your mom speaks six languages?
I have no time for reading.
The Senate and Roman People.
I wasn't on time for school this morning.
His son died last year.
Sorry to bother you.
The globe is similar in shape to an orange.
Let's go if it's not raining.
He also came up with yet another doubtful conclusion.
I planted an apple tree in my yard.
A bad wife turns her husband into a shipwreck.
How does this camera work?
My father is going for a walk in the park.
I'm coming right away.
The job is practically done.
You're almost right.
If you turn on me like that, I won't say another word.
I'm often in trouble.
She complained that it was too hot in the room.
Don't listen to me, I'm just kidding.
Can anyone help me?
To tell you the truth, I lost your pen.
I couldn't stop laughing.
Words express thoughts.
He was at the store.
He has a hard time remembering names.
Do you know why she couldn't come?
Do you know why he skipped class today?
Do you know why she's so angry?
Do you know whether or not she can speak English?
Do you know if she can speak English?
Do you know the town where he was born?
Do you remember what Cathy was wearing at the party?
What did she say?
You can get there by crossing the street at the second intersection.
He must have been on steroids to have run that fast.
He's your senior fellow apprentice.
The storm remitted its fury.
I'm using Twitter.
How can you contribute to our organisation?
Which is more important, economic development or environmental protection?
The email that I sent previously was probably not clear. You don't need to submit anything.
The man all in red was holding a gun.
I like watching Code Lyoko.
I like each of them.
Where is your dog?
This is your dog.
She returned the book to the library.
The people who lived in that country were not able speak out against their leaders.
I screwed up my courage and went there.
He screwed up his courage and proposed to her.
She called him back to give him something he had left behind.
She said that he was handsome.
She returned a book to the library.
His face turned pale to hear the news.
You're an idiot.
He plays tennis very well.
The shop had sold out its stock of that magazine.
Speak clearly and make yourself heard.
I am American.
Those students didn't both pass the test.
I went to see his sister last week.
"What is the weather like over there?" "It's nice."
"Can you do it in a week?" "I think so."
I will be at home when she comes next.
Did she go to that concert?
He's raking it in.
We were sorry to hear the news.
I can't take the heat.
Wait a minute! Hang on!
She loves classical music, whereas I prefer jazz.
She misses her family a lot.
She needs a coat.
She needs glasses but doesn't want them.
She reads after lunch.
She reads Chinese.
She remained behind because she was walking very slowly.
She sells a vintage hat.
She sells flowers.
She sells medicine in the pharmacy.
She sells vegetables.
She speaks Chinese.
She threw her hands up in horror when she saw what he had done.
She wants a purple coat.
She wants but doesn't need it.
She was carrying her baby in her arms.
She was very mad and went to talk with the school manager.
She washes her skirt.
She washes the sweater.
She watches television at night.
She writes Chinese.
She's always slagging me off.
She's found herself a boyfriend.
She's had a hard life.
She's married to a cousin of mine.
She's very ill and has been in bed for a week.
Shit.
Shove a stick up your ass.
Show me where it hurts you.
Shut up!
Sign here, please.
Since I can't be with you, I send you a kiss.
Since you're here, you can help me.
Single or double room?
Sit down or seat yourself.
Smoking is not allowed in the restaurant.
Smoking is not permitted in class.
So what's happening? Shall we see each other tomorrow or not?
So... he has training three hours a day, five days a week.
Soccer is very popular in Spain.
Some new railroad trains go very fast.
Some of you already know me.
Some students aren't going to come back next semester.
Someone stole my belongings.
Sorry for arriving late: I overslept.
Sorry I'm late. I overslept.
Sorry, I don't have any money.
Souvenirs are sold or are for sale.
Spanish is spoken here.
Spanish is spoken in twenty countries.
Stay there.
Suck my dick.
Supper is served at nine-thirty.
Take a seat, please.
Take a taxi. It will arrive in five minutes.
Take care of yourself. Don't get sick.
Take care! It's dangerous to drive drunk.
Take it away, please.
Take me home.
Take off your jacket if you're warm.
Take one four times a day, after meals.
Take the train that's going to Moncloa.
Tea with ice isn't good without sugar.
Tea without ice.
Tell him to call me.
Tell me, briefly, what happened.
Ten paper plates cost one dollar.
Teresa regretted her errors.
Thank God, they finally arrived.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you, could I have a little more?
Thanks for the invitation.
Thanks for your hospitality.
That hurts.
That is plastic.
That man is dead.
That one is a migratory species.
That seat is taken.
That tooth hurts.
That was some party, eh?
That's all, thanks.
That's how you do it!
That's enough. I don't want any more.
That's great.
That's where the problem lies.
The 23 fits you better.
The 50 unit phone card.
The admission costs six euros but on Sundays it's free.
The army is in the north to protect the border.
The baby is one day old.
I put my suitcase in the baggage room yesterday, but now it seems to be missing.
The bags to your left are mine.
The bakery is around the corner.
The bakery is on Pino Street.
The bank stays open from eight until two.
The bedrooms are upstairs.
The belt is brown.
The big shirt is brown.
The bill, please.
The black telephone costs more than the white.
The blouse costs twelve libras.
The blouse is clean.
The blue car is antique.
The blue pants cost more than the green ones.
The book costs fifteen dollars.
The books are on the table.
The bookstore is near the park.
The bookstore is open.
The boy doesn't like carrots.
The boy has the greatest amount of fruit.
The boy is listening to music.
The boy is standing in the living room.
The boy is swimming with his friends.
The boy sleeps in the living room.
The boy wants a toy.
The bride and groom kissed when the ceremony ended.
The bridge was built by the Romans.
The brown hat is old.
The brown horse is fast.
The building is old but solid.
The bull is stronger than the bullfighter, but he almost always loses.
The bus has broken down.
The bus stops at the next corner.
The capital of Mexico is the largest city in Latin America.
The car was carrying 4 people when it had the accident.
The carrots cost three dollars.
The cashier will give you the discount.
The cat is twenty days old.
The cat is watching the one fish.
The chair is close to the door.
The chair is far from the door.
The checks are paper.
The children are visitors.
The children go to school in the morning.
The cigarette smoke annoyed the other passengers.
The cocido, what's in it?
The coffee is cold.
The coffee is nasty.
The coins are metal.
The colors of the American flag are red, white and blue.
The concert ticket costs more than the cinema ticket.
The cook prepares different dishes every day.
The credit cards are plastic.
The cup is full.
The customer is always right.
The daughter brushes her hair.
The dinner was very good.
The doctor works in a hospital.
The dog wants meat.
The dogs are wet.
The dogs, the cats, and the horses are animals.
The doors were closed.
The dress I like more is black.
The dress shirt is clean and dry.
The dress shirt is dirty.
The duty chemist is open on Sunday morning.
The eagle had to be fed by hand.
The electricity is off at the moment.
The elevator is out of order today.
The employees threatened to go on strike.
The end of the semester will come soon.
The evening meal is served between 9 and 12.
The family is eating breakfast outdoors.
The father took the boy by the hand and helped him across the street.
The father washes his face.
The fire was so intense that the firemen couldn't get into the house.
The first course is soup.
The first one leaves at 17.30 and arrives at 20.25.
The fish smells bad.
The flowers smell good.
The food and service are excellent.
The girl doesn't like juice.
The girl doesn't like the red shoes.
The girl doesn't like to play soccer.
The girl is reading with her grandfather.
The girl likes horses.
The government is trying to develop new industries.
The gray sweater I like more than the purple.
The hardware store is near the park.
The hat costs less than the coat.
The hat does not fit you well. Is too small.
The history course is interesting.
The horse is far from the house.
The husband and the wife are visiting Beijing.
The husband wakes up his wife.
The jewelry store is open.
The kids are making too much noise.
The last show goes on at eleven.
The lecture on the budget was very interesting.
The lemonade is cold.
The library is closed on Sundays.
The library is to the right.
The life preserver must be made of high quality materials.
The line to the ticket office is very long.
The lost and found section.
The main streets are very wide.
The man and the woman are eating outdoors.
The man and the woman drink tea.
The man awakens the boy.
The man awakens.
The man brushes his teeth.
The man has a little bit of rice.
The man has even less cake.
The man has less cake than his son.
The man has more bread than his wife.
The man is hungry.
The man is sick.
The man is visiting Moscow.
The man likes to play soccer.
The man smells the milk.
The man tries the coffee.
The man wakes up his friend.
The market is next to the pharmacy.
The match was cancelled due to the heavy rain.
The mayor's office is in the city hall.
The meat is not well enough cooked.
The meat's not ready yet.
The men, the women, the boys, and the girls are people.
The metal bowl is expensive.
Milk is nasty.
The money is on the table.
The moon is shining.
The more bitch that had you born a thousand times.
The mother wakes up her daughter.
The motor overheats.
The new girl? I don't know her.
The new highways are magnificent.
The old woman is a doctor.
The older boys are playing a game.
The older girl is visiting at her friend's.
The paper bowl is cheap.
The parents are listening.
The parents are playing a game with their children.
The pencils have already been bought.
The people from Colombia speak Spanish.
The periodical costs less than the book.
The person from Egypt speaks Arabic.
The pharmacy is near the hospital.
The pharmacy is on Fresno Street.
The pink pillow is clean.
The planes flew over the village.
The plastic chair costs four libras.
The plastic chair is cheap.
The police took the criminal away to the police station.
The post has to be collected.
The Prado Museum is closed because today is Monday.
The present government has many problems.
The price is too high.
The project was a loser from the start.
The purple bicycle costs less than the yellow.
The rains ruined the harvest.
I like the red dress more than the blue dress.
The red house is new.
The red skirt is new.
The reign of Philip II lasted forty years.
The rest of them will come very soon.
The restaurant is on the ground floor.
The rice is delicious.
The room hasn't been made up.
The Russians won, as everyone expected.
The second course has chickpeas, chicken, meat, sausage and potato.
The sheet is on the bed.
This shirt does not fit me well. Is too big.
The shirts are dry.
The short man wears a black suit.
The short man wears a sweater.
The short woman wears a gray suit.
The sky is full of dark clouds.
The sky is overcast today.
The small skirt is pink.
The socks smell bad.
The stars are shining.
The stars come out at night.
The street is wet.
The students ought to study more.
The sunglasses cost twenty euros.
The supermarket is open.
The tall man wears a black suit.
The tall man wears a tie.
The tall woman wears a gray suit.
The tall woman wears jeans.
The tea costs two euros.
The tea is hot.
The teacher and the pupils are in the museum.
The teacher said that he wouldn't give us an exam this week.
The television costs more than the sunglasses.
The television isn't working.
The thief ran off with my bag.
The thieves hid in the woods.
The ticket costs 100 euros.
The towel is in the bathroom.
The toy store is closed.
The train leaves at nine.
The two cars collided at the intersection.
The university bears the name of its founder.
The value of the dollar is going up.
The wedding took place in the Ritz Hotel.
The white house is antique.
The wind blows.
The window is closed.
The window is open.
The woman awakens the girl.
The woman awakens.
The woman brushes her hair.
The woman eats an orange.
The woman has a little bit of fruit.
The woman likes to play tennis.
The woman reads English.
The woman sleeps in the bedroom.
The woman smells the coffee.
The woman speaks Spanish.
The woman tastes the bread.
The woman tests the rice.
The woman wants jewelry.
The woman washes her face.
The women are working.
The women have umbrellas.
The women like tea.
The women play tennis.
The women work in a restaurant.
The wooden chair costs sixty libras.
The wooden chair is expensive.
The wooden plates are lighter than the metal plates, but the paper plates are the lightest.
The yellow toy is little.
The young lady has less fruit than the man.
The young lady wants this.
The young man is a doctor.
The young man lives in an old house.
Their oldest daughter isn't married yet.
There are 1000 pupils in my school.
There are 5 ICT rooms and a big sports field.
There are five in our family.
There are hills, a little museum, a public garden and a big church.
There are many airlines in this airport.
There are many countries in Europe that I'd like to visit.
There are many Roman statues in the next room.
There are many tall buildings downtown.
There are many useful appliances in the hardware store.
There are no buses and there isn't a sports centre.
There are no tickets left.
There are no towels in room 15.
There are three bedrooms, a kitchen, a dining room, a living room, and a bathroom.
There are twenty seven pupils in my class.
There are very few shops and the cinema is awful.
There has been an accident.
There is a 25 euro supplement for the high speed AVE train.
There is a mistake in the bill.
There is a swimming pool and a big sports centre.
There is a twenty minute delay.
There is an enormous cross above the Valley of the Fallen.
There is bad weather. There it's cold and raining.
There is good weather. There is sun.
There is lightning.
There is nothing for teenagers to do.
There is nothing here but clothing.
There isn't enough space here for forty people.
There was moonlight yesterday evening.
There will be bright spells.
There's a special exhibit of Picasso's sketches.
There's an elegant garden behind the palace.
There's lots to do: there are cinemas and lots of shops in the town centre.
There's no harm done.
There's room for eight people in this elevator.
These are animals.
These are gifts.
These are our visitors.
These are people.
These artists are going to be famous some day.
These chairs are different.
These glasses do not fit me well. They are too large.
These hats are the same size.
These jewels are expensive.
These ladies are my aunts.
These pants fit me well.
These shirts are the same. They are the same colour.
These shirts are the same. They are the same size.
These sunglasses are too big.
These ties are different.
These towels are the same color but different sizes.
They are buying vegetables in the supermarket.
They are eating a sandwich.
They are eating their apples.
They are from the United States.
They are gray.
They are in danger of extinction.
They are leaving for London.
They are listening to a concert.
They are listening to the radio.
They are putting on their gloves.
They are reading their newspapers.
They are watching a movie.
They are watching a play.
They become nervous.
They carried out several bodies after the explosion.
They don't let anyone enter without special permission.
They don't like my friends.
They eat chocolate.
They try the rice.
They wash their hands.
They fight like cat and dog.
The girls are eating their sandwiches.
The girls are reading their book.
They had their arms around each other.
They have a good choice of earrings in this jewelry store.
They have black hair.
They have faces painted purple and yellow.
They led me up the garden path.
They left it under the table.
They live in a city close to Beijing.
They live in a house.
They looked for him everywhere but didn't find him.
They lost the war on the eastern front.
They moved a year ago.
They play in the afternoon.
They put the blame on me.
They really hate each other.
They say it will be very hot.
They say that Miraflores restaurant is very good.
They sent him to jail for all the crimes he had committed.
They serve a continental breakfast in this hotel.
They suffered a lot during the war years.
They tasted the bread.
They wash their car every Saturday.
They wash their hands with soap.
They went to Spain to study in the university.
They were admiring themselves.
They were stunned after finding out about his resignation.
They would have failed without help from the government.
They're all fine, thanks.
They're going to knock down that monument.
Things have become so expensive!
This article is of no value.
This bed is heavy.
This boy is from Columbia.
This bridge is in New York.
This camera is cheap.
This camera is smallest.
This car is fast.
This chair is light.
This chair is plastic.
This chair is too small.
This city is in France.
This city is in the United States.
This coat is bigger.
This coat is too small.
This computer is the most expensive.
This costs too much.
This country is called Russia.
This day is Friday.
This day is Sunday.
This girl is from Japan.
This highway will take you out of the city.
This is a person.
This is a tree in the spring.
This is an example of the progress that we're making.
This is cold.
This is delicious.
This is going very well.
This is my book.
This is my brother.
This is my hat in the summer.
This is my house in the winter.
This is my kitchen.
This is my mother. Her name is Beatrice.
This is my old bicycle.
This is my sister. She is called Julia.
This is my teacher. He is called Mr. Haddad.
This is ugly.
This is very important.
This island has an ideal climate.
This isn't Spanish.
This knife doesn't cut well.
This ladder is metal.
This laptop is light.
This looks as though it will drag on and on.
This man is alive.
This man is drunk.
This mission entails huge risks.
This morning it was raining when I took the bus.
This museum has a magnificent collection of modern art.
This museum has been closed for five years.
This number has won a prize.
This old man is gray.
Where can I have my watch repaired?
I cannot tolerate naughty children.
I can't stand naughty children.
Free as in freedom, not as in free beer.
"Literally" can literally mean "metaphorically". "Literal" meaning "metaphorical" is also a literal irony.
She said, "He is handsome."
Is there a doctor on board?
Jessie praised Charles for his foresight.
John is more clever than Bill.
John is more intelligent than Bill.
It will be snow tomorrow.
There will be snow tomorrow.
She was surprised that he appeared.
She was surprised that he showed up.
It's evident that human behaviour is more dangerous for the environment than radiation.
She's in the bath.
Speak up, and speak clearly.
She will leave for New York next Sunday.
I've brought a cup of coffee.
Managing your stocks with Big Wisdom shows that you are serious about investing!
Good water for Tibet is good water for the world.
Friendly Reminder: Please keep in mind the closing time of the line you need to switch to, so as to avoid delays in your trip.
I go to the barber once a month.
I don't think that he'll come.
Do you prefer tea or coffee?
I'll come back on the tenth.
I'll come again on the tenth.
Aren't people who have promiscuous sex afraid of VDs like AIDS?
I am very hungry.
It depends on the person, but using "sir" for women (a title of honour for men) is very rude.
This flower is yellow and the others are blue.
There are also vendors who support Linux.
The cicada has represented insouciance since antiquity.
How do you say "good bye" in German?
God be with us.
Next to China, Switzerland is an abandoned village.
This road is very long.
This room has two closets for clothing.
This sheet is light.
This shoe fits me well.
This smells good.
This store sells old books.
This store sells vintage jewelry.
This street is in Paris.
This suit is tight on me.
This table is heavy.
This table is wooden.
This television set is heavy.
This ticket is paper.
This way.
This woman is from China. She speaks Chinese.
This year is going to be prosperous.
This young lady is from Russia.
This young man has blue hair.
This young woman has black hair.
Thousands of families were left homeless.
A three-handed monster came out of the wardrobe.
Throw the papers in the basket.
To the airline office.
To the south.
To the swimming pool!
To the village.
Today I choose to have a great day.
Today I turn four years old.
Today is January 2nd.
Today is September 1st.
Today is Tuesday. I am buying fishes.
Today is Wednesday. I am reading.
Today is your birthday.
Today my son turns four years old.
Today she turns ten years old.
Today you turn four years old.
Today, I turn twenty-five years old.
Today, we turn ten years old.
Tomorrow, I'll return the money you lent me.
Try to find out if everything he said is true.
Turn around.
Turn left.
Turn off the light on leaving the room.
Turn on the light please.
Turn right.
Turn the corner and you'll see the store you're looking for.
Two fried eggs and coffee, please.
Two months ago I did work experience in a factory.
Two small bottles, please.
Under what name did you work as agent?
Unfortunately, I cannot help them.
Upon seeing what was happening, we decided to leave.
Very good, thank you.
Very good. How are you?
Very well. Thank you.
Wait for me!
Wait for the green signal before starting to cross.
Waiter needed.
Waiter, please. I need a spoon for the soup.
Waiter, the check, please.
I didn't know you were such a wanker.
Wash your hands, please.
Wash your hands.
Green water is not good for drinking.
We agree with you.
We all have our cross to bear.
We always go to bed late when we visit a foreign country.
We are blond.
We are eating breakfast indoors.
We are eating dinner outdoors.
We are from Columbia.
We are from France.
We are gray.
We are playing a game with our visitors.
We are studying Spanish.
We are traveling to Barcelona.
We began to laugh when he told the joke.
We can continue playing, as long as we don't make too much noise.
We can hear the church bell every morning.
We can leave after lunch.
We chose a hotel near the museums.
We did a lot yesterday and are tired today.
We don't know what he did at the party.
We eat roasts and fish in batter.
We get dressed in the morning.
We got it for her.
We got it thanks to her.
We had a test.
We had to close the windows so that the mosquitoes wouldn't come in.
We had to shut the window because of the mosquitoes.
We have blouses of cotton or silk.
We have forty-five.
We have lunch break between 12.30 and 1.30.
We have our evening meal at 9 here.
We have small and large portions.
We have to run to arrive on time.
We have twenty-four chairs in this class-room.
We hope to return next year.
We learn a lot in our trips abroad.
We live in a house.
We live in an apartment.
We live in New York.
We live in the United States.
We made...
We must have faith in the president.
We must phone for an ambulance.
We must phone the police.
We need a knife for the butter.
We need to come to an agreement.
We need to have a contract.
We sell jewelry in the jewelry store.
We sell metal, paper, and wooden plates.
We should use the electric blankets tonight.
We should use the fireplace tonight.
We spend the weekends in our country house.
We stayed at the Dorchester.
We study Arabic.
We study Chinese.
We want to attend tonight's concert.
We weren't able to buy tickets, so we didn't go to the concert.
We will have to do something.
We would like to change room: it's too noisy.
We'll have to wait a few minutes.
We're beginning to understand better.
We're closed tomorrow.
We're here to help them.
We're interested in observing the customs of different regions.
We're looking for an apartment with two bedrooms.
We're open tomorrow.
We're hot.
We're not cold.
Weather changes often.
Welcome to Columbia!
Welcome to our home!
Welcome to our restaurant!
Well done!
Well, have you decided?
Well, I'm just watching TV...
Well.. She said, that you wrote them back to Laura.
What a fright I got when I opened the door!
What a paella!
What am I to do?
Which animal is big?
Which animal is small?
What are my responsibilities?
What are my tasks?
What are the meal hours?
What are these charges for?
What are you going to do next year?
What are you thinking of?
Which ball is white?
What bicycle do you like more?
What bothers me is his attitude.
What car do you like more?
What cold drinks do you have?
What color cake do you want?
What color is his sweater?
What color is your hair?
What currency would you like?
What did you hear?
What direction are you going?
What do you advise me to do?
What do you do in the afternoon?
What do you eat in your country?
What do you like to do in your free time?
What do you like to do?
What do you need?
What do you recommend I should see?
What do you recommend to me?
What do you think of it?
What do you think of that?
What do you want it for?
What do you wish to order, gentlemen?
What do you wish?
What does it contain?
What does this mean?
What dress do you like more?
What fruit is green?
What fruit is red?
What have I got to do so that you'll pay attention to me?
What have you done today?
What have you got in your bag?
What house do you like more?
What I'm about to say is strictly between you and me.
What is it made of?
What is my room number?
What is needed is more time.
What is that?
What is the exchange rate?
What is the rate per day?
Big people aren't always strong.
I eat breakfast every morning.
She came to Tokyo when she was eighteen years old.
She looks a lot like her mother.
Bob became a pastor.
Bob became a preacher.
Bob became a minister.
I'll help you as much as I can.
I'll come back home as soon as I can.
The devil is not so black as he is painted.
Let him in.
Put him in.
There is a right time for everything.
It's too late to shut the stable door after the horse has bolted.
A bird in the hand is better than two in the bush.
Please tell him to wait.
You may meet him.
You might meet him.
Don't deceive him.
Go and wake Mary up.
Tony said, "I like it."
I'd like to talk to John.
When did you meet him?
Do you meet him often?
I laughed at his joke.
His joke was great.
Mr. Smith came.
Has Mike quit drinking?
Did Mike stop drinking alcoholic drinks?
I voted for Ken.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large room.
That baby is Tom.
A person named Itoh wants to meet you.
Don't cheat him.
A man named Mr. Itoh wants to meet you.
We consider him to be honest.
We consider Tom to be honest.
It's wrong to deceive people, but worse to deceive yourself.
French is her native language.
French is her first language.
Write down his address.
His story sounds true.
I plan to write Judy a letter.
I intend to write a letter to Judy.
What he says is absolutely correct.
His car is really cool.
The experiment ended in failure.
Last week she gave birth to a beautiful daughter.
In the carriage sat a gentleman, not attractive, but also not unattractive, not too fat nor too thin; one could not call him old, but he also was not too young.
I need to have a serious talk with Nikolai Alekseyevich.
Yesterday I read an interesting story.
You prefer to go to bed.
They are not working even a bit.
I wish people would stop saying things in ways that crush young dreams.
A person of good sense will certainly not believe blindly.
With arbitration, judgement is usually passed in six months time.
He's not the same man he used to be.
My computer has frozen.
Make an Italian verb with the letters.
I travel often.
Make four mini-dialogs with the phrases in the list.
I'll be your teacher.
Complete the dialogue with the conjugated form of "to have".
He's Swiss.
The baguette is French.
He gave him a book.
Sleeping on a carpet is great.
Lee Leffingwell is the head of the Austin City Council.
An android is a kind of robot.
I had never seen him before.
I had met him many times before then.
He works in a jar.
They believe that Jane is honest.
What do you think of him?
What do you think of his suggestion?
Does Tom need to stay home today?
Does Tom have to stay home today?
We chose John to be our captain.
We chose John to be captain.
Please serve him his meal first.
I don't know anything about him.
His concert was very good.
His concert was great.
What he did wasn't wrong.
Do it the way he tells you to.
Do what he tells you.
Everyone who knew him admired him.
The owner of this house is Mr. Yamada.
Joe is madly in love with that girl.
That's not Jack's fault.
Drink some tea.
How was your weekend?
Taro, could you help me?
Let's drop by his house.
Everyone in his family is tall.
He gave his life for the nation.
Can you put up with the way he behaves?
What he ate was very simple and humble.
Who has captured his heart?
His new car is wonderful.
Watch him and do the same thing.
Watch him and do what he does.
I'll visit him tomorrow.
I'll visit Mr. Brown tomorrow.
I'll visit you tomorrow.
I visit him every other day.
I'll personally visit you.
Mrs. Smith cleans that room.
We think that Tom is an honest person.
I got that news from Hashimoto.
We think Tom an honest man.
All of us went except for him.
All of us, except him, went.
His house is across from mine.
Please remember what he said.
His customers dropped off after the new supermarket opened for business.
She said to herself, "Where shall I go next?"
As soon as we find out anything, we will contact you.
You're already useless.
"How's it going?" "Not too bad."
He doesn't have a job. He's retired.
You must remove your shoes before entering a house.
Do you own a house in Italy?
Let's talk about Paola.
What's your phone number?
I work in Milan.
The country code for calling Italy is 39.
I am looking for an Italian person so as to do an Italian-Spanish exchange.
I'm a British girl from Manchester.
I'm looking for a French penpal.
Hi, everybody!
We have a colleague in Spain.
We called him a "hero", but he betrayed us.
What he said would happen has happened.
Please wait five minutes.
What he said embarrassed me.
His lectures are very long.
He has reached the end of his patience.
He thinks of nothing but himself.
He threw a rock into the pond.
We work every day but Sunday.
She lived in Hiroshima until she was ten.
You are pretty like a cherry blossom.
You can't live without water.
Life cannot exist without water.
When Columbus discovered America, bison (American buffalo) inhabited a wide-ranging area.
God, you piss me off. You completely ruined the moment.
Could you please tell me why you love her?
This is the house where I was born.
Because of his advice, I was able to succeed.
My father went fishing.
There's no more salt.
Iron is a useful metal.
My son is taller than I am.
You have to abide by the laws.
If it rains, please call me.
You shouldn't tell him anything about her.
You shouldn't tell him anything about your girlfriend.
It's time to get to work.
We were all scared shitless.
This book has a number of mistakes, but it's interesting.
Are there any other interesting episodes in history?
Glory to Ukraine!
Kiev is the mother of Russian cities.
Kyiv is mother of Ruthenian cities.
Where did you see that woman?
Where did you see those women?
I would like to give you a piece of advice.
Ivan Mazepa wasn't a traitor.
He came back home three days later.
Where is your father?
I need your clothes and bike.
He doesn't have any friends to play with.
There are many fish in this lake.
You have to take off your shoes before entering houses.
One must take off one's shoes before entering houses.
Oh, no, of course!
He knocked on the closed door.
He knocked on the door again and again, but there was no answer.
He knocked on the door.
What did you say your name was?
He is very good at the guitar.
That white building is a morgue.
He's very good at guitar.
He's very good at playing guitar.
Her older daughter is married.
Ken shared the room with his older brother.
You seem to have mistaken me for my older brother.
How old is your oldest son?
My older brother got a position in a big business.
Once again, he became a wanderer, and he arrived one day at the house of his older brother.
My older brother finished his homework very quickly.
My older brother is an authority on philosophy.
I have one older brother and one younger sister.
I have an older brother and a younger sister.
The company is managed by my older brother.
He didn't know that.
His older sister is older than my oldest brother.
I want you too badly.
He is rich, but his older brother is poor.
He is not as smart as his older brother.
"Do you know when they will arrive?" "At eleven-thirty this evening."
He is not as intelligent as his older brother.
John doesn't care a shit about his clothes.
He has three older sisters.
It was the midnight of Friday, 13th; nothing of ill omen was apparent.
Remove the chicken's giblets before cooking.
Let's elect Putin once more!
That bucket is the best deal for your money.
Eating konjac, you will never gain weight.
I am an idiot! Kill me somebody!
She gypped me out of my money!
How dare you speak like that to your elders and betters!
The little fridge is dirty.
That's a photo of my sister.
With or without religion, good people can behave well and bad people can do evil; but for good people to do evil - that takes religion.
She adores her older brother.
She's my older sister.
She's my sister.
Yutaka has two older brothers.
Which do you like better, apples or bananas?
That's my younger sister's photograph.
He might not be happy.
My father loves pizza.
The train is 10 minutes late today.
An ancient manor, probably from the time of the templar knights, is the home to our family, and its outbuildings welcome friends and holiday guests all year round.
Nail polish remover stinks a lot.
How do you do business with 300 yuan?
Tatoeba is a tool, which can be used with students in class.
Today is my treat.
She'll have a panini.
I don't have a dime on me.
Do you want the tea hot or iced?
Have you caught the first toy train?
A hot piadina for me, please.
They paid me five dollars for the bag.
One panini or two paninis?
You can go if you have made up your mind.
It's a weapon without bullets.
Do you have breakfast at home?
My butt hurts.
More than a few don't eat anything in the morning.
He is drunk.
We drink everything.
He lost his eyesight in the accident.
My younger sister has two sons, which means I have two nephews.
Once a war breaks out, both sides are in the wrong.
If you are by my side, I don't need anything else.
He often goes to the cinema with her.
I missed you very much.
His story was made up.
Even his servants despised him.
If you see his house, you'll know that he is poor.
Just seeing his house lets you know that he is poor.
Can you make it so she can get on that TV program?
Give me a key, and I will unlock the universe.
The newspaper said that contact with the plane had been lost.
Fuckin' asshole!
He does an engine test every day.
Reading is to the mind as food is to the body.
It is getting warmer and warmer.
At what time will the taxi go to the airport?
It is a very strange letter.
One calls that metal zinc.
The red lines on the map represent a railway.
Will you lend a hand, Taro?
A large animal fled from the zoo.
Do you approve or disapprove of my project?
I finished writing the report.
I'll go on QQ immediately.
Do you have any sisters?
The box was full of strawberries.
I don't go on QQ very often.
If the weather is nice tomorrow, we will have a picnic.
Why wouldn't you listen to his advice?
That pasture is ten acres.
I thought he was my brother.
I thought he was my younger brother.
I mistook him for my brother.
He turned out to be her father.
It turned out that he was her father.
We found out that he was her father.
When I see him, I think of my grandfather.
I'll meet you guys in Korea!
As far as I know, there are no good books on the theory.
As far as I know, Mr. Smith was a modest man.
As far as I know, he is a reliable friend.
As far as I know, he is honest and reliable.
As far as I know, this is the only translation available.
As far as I know, he is a person who keeps his promises.
To the best of my knowledge, the lake is the deepest at this point.
To the best of my knowledge, the lake is the deepest here.
As far as I know, he's a nice guy.
As far as I know, she hasn't departed yet.
To the best of my knowledge, she hasn't left yet.
As far as I know, he won't come.
As far as I know, he is kind.
As far as I know, there were no problems during the first semester.
To the best of my knowledge, this chemical will prevent germs from breeding.
To the best of my knowledge, the rumor is not true.
To the best of my knowledge, he wasn't involved in that fraud scheme.
As far as I know, he wasn't involved in that fraud scheme.
As far as I know, he's guilty.
From start to finish, there was nothing wrong with his behavior.
He was able to put up remarkable performances at the sports competition.
He was disqualified from the competition.
He would like to take part in the competition.
He would like to take part in the contest.
He broke his arm playing soccer.
I took part in the sporting event.
Our diplomacy and our military strategy were clearly in contradiction.
By lack of attention, she hit the post with her car.
I like this flat. The location is good, and besides, rent is not very high.
As far as I know, what he has said is true.
As far as I know, he has never come on time.
As far as I know, she's still unmarried.
As far as I know, he isn't lazy.
Today, we are going dancing.
As far as I know, he used to be a good student.
My spoon is too big!
As far as I know, he's a diligent student.
As far as I know, there is no such word.
As far as I know, he's an honest man.
To the best of my knowledge, he's an honest man.
She has got the prettiest buttocks I've ever seen.
What is this fish called in English?
Sorry, I can't tell you my name. It's too indecent.
The shirt needs ironing.
John said, "That's a beautiful tune."
This chair needs to be fixed.
That's my cat.
Let's take a short break.
I have never seen a red refrigerator.
Tickets are valid for just two days, including the day they are purchased on.
This year's freshly inducted employees are, to a man, lacking in concentration, and their sloppy work leaves me speechless.
Most car accidents occur due to the inattention of the driver.
Harry is an American actor.
That is my dictionary.
Do we need a universal language?
Where is the toothpaste?
It's a pity that I don't understand English well.
We all looked out the window.
He listened to music in his room.
Everybody loves her.
You must take care of your dog yourself.
There was a little milk left in the bottle.
Man is the only fire-using animal.
That is a Japanese doll.
Her eyes are blue.
She has blue eyes.
I go to school.
I study Korean.
My friend studies Korean.
You don't need to prepare a formal speech.
There's no need for you to prepare a formal speech.
His ideas never earned him a dime.
His ideas never made him any money.
His ideas never earned him a single penny.
We drank soju at the karaoke bar.
Where is Britney Spears?
I can't play tennis very well.
I'm not so good at tennis.
I played with the baby on my knee.
I rocked the baby on my knee.
This one is ready for deletion.
I don't have the address now.
The thing you have to know about Batman is, he's a superhero.
To whom are you referring?
I don't have an ear for music.
I don't understand music.
I was wrong.
My mistake.
I feel out of sorts today. That well water is why.
Come over!
Come over and help out.
I am Paul, your flatmate.
Who are you talking about?
I'm Paul, your roommate.
I'm your roommate Paul.
I think my Japanese is really bad.
Please mind the gap between the train and the platform.
Today, I have a lot of homework.
I would like to leave this town and never come back.
Hi, how are you?
No body.
He is so gay.
That team has a strong lineup.
We don't have a lot of trouble.
There's a telephone in my room.
I don't have the time or the money.
I don't know where he lives.
I don't know where she lives.
You'll catch a cold.
You don't want to get wet and catch a cold, so take this umbrella with you.
Put on a sweater. If you don't, you'll catch a cold.
Be careful not to catch a cold.
Children catch colds easily.
I didn't want to catch a cold, so I didn't go skiing.
I often catch colds.
I always catch colds in the winter.
I didn't want to catch a cold, so I didn't go out.
Put on a coat. If you don't, you'll catch a cold.
I didn't want the baby to catch a cold, so I closed the window.
He catches colds very easily.
He catches colds easily.
She catches colds easily.
She won't leave the room, because she doesn't want to catch another cold.
Take a sweater with you so you don't catch a cold.
That team has strong players.
This United Nations resolution calls for the withdrawal of Israel armed forces from territories occupied in the recent conflict.
Why do you go about being cross at people?
When you are with an indecisive group, confidently propose something that no one would agree to.
He dropped his wallet, and now it's mine.
I like Beypilic chicken.
For health and pleasure!
I'm going to go buy some materials today.
We had three airplanes.
My uncle's on a business trip to Aomori tomorrow.
I am a Hyogo University student.
Oh! Show me how.
Oh! Show me, please.
Let the fathers be fathers and the sons sons.
May I eat this cake?
Can you pass me the salt?
Earth is a beautiful planet.
This wall is painted green.
Tennis is loads of fun.
He plays the piano better than I do.
Look behind you!
Spanish is his mother tongue.
Spanish is her mother tongue.
Is your clock keeping accurate time?
I hope that it rains tomorrow.
Esperanto is a modern language that is very suitable for international communication.
No artificial colours, preservatives or flavours.
Suitable for vegetarians and vegans.
Produced to strict organic standards.
Best served chilled.
Bad news travels quickly.
Ill-gotten gains are short-lived.
I've been meaning to drop by and see you, but I've been rather busy this week.
If I wanted to scare you, I would have told you about what I dreamt about a few weeks ago.
If you want to hear a scary story, I'll tell you about a dream I had a few weeks ago.
I will shoot him.
I play tennis every day.
Whom the gods love die young.
You have to take the good with the bad.
Please take care of yourself so you don't catch a cold.
I've got to make lunch.
The man you met yesterday was Mr Brown.
Folks, it's time I was leaving.
She put on a sweater so she wouldn't catch a cold.
Old people catch colds easily.
Practically every family has a TV.
This statement-of-purpose essay has no consistency in how the points are laid out and gives a distracted impression.
My hometown is very pretty.
Go straight on down this street.
How are you doing? It's been a long time since we last met, hasn't it?
Students, by working part time, are able to scrape up tuition fees by themselves.
As a general rule, it's simple to criticize, but difficult to produce alternative suggestions.
We give here a list of the usual Esperanto-related questions.
To see the answer to the question, simply click on the question.
How much is the car that you're planning to buy?
Tea with lemon for me, please.
The transportation in this city is very convenient.
My house has a fruit garden.
Uyghurs comprise the majority in Kashgar.
You didn't see nothing.
You didn't see anything.
I'm really glad to hear that.
You cannot demand of someone something that is impossible for them to do.
Please use the information below for your payment.
Life is a flame that death extinguishes.
In order to have an idea of our current projects, we invite you to visit [url].
Do you really want to put your life in her hands?
You should go to the dentist and have that tooth pulled out.
Don't ramble.
There are a lot of deer in Nara.
She knows nothing about your family.
He has little patience.
He will surely arrive at Hakodate tonight.
Even though it's busy today, this bit of work must be finished before leaving.
Have you brought your ID card with you?
Do you approve of what he is doing?
Do you approve of what she is doing?
One must be respectful when speaking, and not say obscene things.
The Shanghainese people must build up Shanghai's new image.
I am looking for a job, sir.
If I have time and enough money, I'd want to go traveling in Europe.
Where do you want it delivered?
I think this one is good.
I've bought the groceries, cooked the food, and now I'm waiting for my son to come and eat.
I've shut all six windows.
I wanted to hit him, but he ran away from me.
How much for half a kilo?
I don't really know.
When I sing Karaoke, I sing everything from oldies from my childhood to the latest hits.
I'm tired; I think I'm going to go to bed.
Americans have lost their trust in Toyota.
The "Coalition of the Willing" is a phrase that refers to the countries that fought together against Iraq in the Iraq War.
Nobody can understand him.
His ideas never earned him even one penny.
I'm really sorry to trouble you!
There was only a little milk left in the bottle.
It's his, isn't it?
"Do you speak German?" "No, I don't."
That's not a cat. That's a dog.
Would you please pour me a cup of coffee?
Blog means "web log".
I like her very much.
Today is a sunny day.
When you leave, I'll miss you.
Reading makes me happy.
I was hungry and thirsty.
Tom hid himself under the table.
Do you have some money?
That's not a cat. It's a dog.
I would like you to sing a song.
Are you speaking to me?
It's fun to learn slang words in foreign languages.
Do you know anyone who's not on Facebook?
For all I know, he's a criminal.
Will it rain tomorrow?
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
One plus two equals three.
One plus two is equal to three.
Thanks for the info.
It's still too early to talk about this now.
Insatiably greedy.
I dove into the river.
He is a student to whom I'm teaching English this year.
Can you practice Japanese with me?
You don't have to wait until the end.
Did you hear that sound?
We tried to get him to change his mind, but couldn't.
Shouldn't you overlook his indiscretions and forgive him?
If you run into Mr. Long, don't forget to ask him about how his wife is doing.
His large income makes it possible for him to travel overseas every year.
His lack of technical knowledge kept him from being promoted.
As usual, Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
As is often the case, Mike was late for the meeting this afternoon.
"It's a good time for you to take a vacation," the boss said to Jim.
To make up for his unpleasant experiences in the hospital, Tom drank a little more than he should have.
He killed that man.
He did what I told him to do.
He lost his eyesight.
He lost his eyesight in an accident.
He lost his eyesight in that accident.
He has no redeeming traits.
I truly do not understand the question.
I like shopping on Ebay.
I understand how to solve the problem.
There is nothing to him.
I hate when other people make me wait a long time.
Hurry up and you can still catch your train.
I will explain it to him.
She's slier than he is.
Are you angry?
Israel should be wiped off the map.
Where's the washroom?
I've already waited two hours. I can't wait any longer.
I am spent.
These novels are published in French, as well.
She rides her bike to school.
My father hates the summer heat.
You ought to read books instead.
I'm following up on your last e-mail.
Excuse me, is Xinqiao Restaurant far from here?
I haven't eaten yet.
Please sign here.
I get up at six every day.
Excuse me, is there a toilet nearby?
It's five o' clock. If you quickly post your letter, it still might make it in time.
He tried to get me to help him.
I tried to get Charles to help me, but he wouldn't.
It's good now; neither too heavy nor too light.
What day is it today?
There's a convenience store diagonally across the street.
River Suzhou is Shanghai's "mother river"; twisting and turning, it stretches across and flows through the city center.
Take a good look, it's really fresh!
Please fill out this form and wait for us to notify you.
She always keeps her promises.
She dresses so outrageously; it looks completely ridiculous!
He came to ask us to help him.
He asked us to help him.
He came to ask us for our help.
Either as a waiter at a restaurant or a bartender, both are OK.
He was brave.
Can you sketch it for me on this piece of paper please?
He shut the door that was behind him.
One of the lights is not working. Do you think you could come take a look?
He has a maid.
He employs a maid.
I am swamped with work.
He motioned for me to follow him.
He signaled that I should follow him.
Open the door a bit!
It's ached before, but never as badly as right now.
It's still early. We should all just chill for a bit.
He did exactly what I told him to do.
He has a car that I gave him.
Life never ends but earthly life does.
He has ambition, so he works hard.
Since he has ambitions, he works hard.
Because of his wealth, he was able to become a member of that club.
This is my question.
No man can know them, no hunter can shoot them, with powder and lead - Thoughts are free!
If you convert 48 hours into minutes, how many minutes does that make?
How many pennies does it take to make one pound?
We stayed at home because it was raining.
We had to postpone the gathering because of rain.
It'll cost about 10,000 yen.
This room is not suitable for sleeping.
Please wait for thirty minutes.
The bus will arrive at the station in fifteen minutes.
Not all browsers are secure.
Guus Hiddink is Dutch.
People under 18 cannot marry.
In my opinion, German is the best language in the world.
Yumi Ishiyama is the oldest member of Team Lyoko.
His girlfriend is Japanese.
Please be polite.
Windows is the most used operating system in the world.
The above-mentioned mail item has been duly delivered.
Batten doors are sadly falling out of fashion.
Lisa Lillien is married to Dan Schneider.
The mathematics class is good.
Sumatra is an island.
Pakistan is a Muslim country.
I'm contributing.
No.
Don't make noise.
If you sign up to Facebook, your information will be sent to intelligence agencies.
Yes.
There is nothing more out-of-date than youthful entitlement.
Auldey is a Chinese brand.
The name of Marco's car is 'Thunder Giant'.
I filed a patent.
I was your inspiration for this sentence, and you know it.
An inspired sentence?
After looking through your file, we ask that you excuse us for any inconveniences caused.
You can pick up a lot of words by reading.
I haven't had the chance to introduce myself to her.
He worked hard to save up some money.
He was trying to slink into the house.
Thai is the official language in Thailand.
I really don't understand this problem.
Spongebob and Patrick are friends.
Tatoeba is open source.
My god is the greatest!
Allah is great!
Let's go now.
I'll give you a good piece of advice.
Another day gone by.
I usually get up at eight o'clock.
You're taller than me.
This is the last train for the end of the world.
I would be very happy that he came.
Nakido is a file sharing platform.
The papers got blown away.
Paraguay is a country in South America.
He wouldn't let anyone interfere in his personal affairs.
This isn't worth getting worked up over.
The present agreement is put forth in two copies, signed by the two parties.
Contract of partnership between [Company 1] and [Company 2].
To my knowledge, she hasn't married yet.
Can you mend these shoes for me?
I work every day but Sunday.
Please put this where children can't reach it.
Ken seems to be a friendly person.
Ken appears to be a friendly person.
I tried to call you, but I couldn't.
Have you finished reading that novel?
The baby needs its mother.
I would like to get to know you better.
Elephants in Thailand are as common as kangaroos in Australia.
Mary helped her mother with the cooking.
We call him "Skunk Man".
All androids are robots.
Every android is a robot.
If something's an android, it's also a robot.
Abraham Lincoln is a famous person.
iPhones have capacitive touchscreens.
I'm just a plain old office worker.
I'm just a plain office worker.
I'm just a regular office worker.
Jupiter is the most massive planet in the solar system.
Mt. Fuji can be seen from here.
Nobody owns the moon.
My father works in a factory.
My grades are above average.
Somebody loves everyone.
No one had anything left to say.
What hurts the most is that you didn't feel you could tell me the truth.
Where are my wings?
Life goes on.
The sun is red.
I want to live in a world where people love one another.
Give me some time to think.
Jump on the creature to kill it.
Love loves love.
How can love love love?
Hate hates hate.
Blah.
Take me away.
Think about the children!
Yum yum!
Birdy num num.
Don't leave me!
Hey! What's up Doc?
You should greet your betters by tipping your hat.
If you alter the plan, you must inform the team members of the changes.
"And if your brother turned up at the party without notice tomorrow?" "I would be very happy that he came."
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
She left home with everything she owned.
I was thrown out of the house with everything I owned.
She loved me in the same way that I loved her.
Someone has cut my kite string.
Our health is our most precious possession.
Look how fast he runs!
Hindus and Muslims are all brothers.
Wake me up at seven.
Google fnord loves you.
Using Esperanto with him, I feel that we are both at the same level, at least from a lingual point of view.
You can also find many books in various formats at Project Gutenberg.
This book is for you.
Use the Force, Saeb!
For being able to use the language better, and understand it better, you need to learn new words.
I'm tired of hearing your boastful tales.
Betty speaks Esperanto very well.
Betty turned down Muriel's offer.
Dima slept with 25 men in one night and then killed them.
Muiriel is slandering me!
Coming to work at 4 p.m. is not late.
You too, Brutus?
Using Esperanto with him, I sense that we both are at the same level, at least from a linguistic point of view.
M insults D - the Tatoeba database is one sentence better. D insults M - the Tatoeba database is one sentence better. D and M are even, and everyone else wins.
Tatoeba: Ever heard of sentence fights? Yeah, that's what we do for fun.
Tatoeba: Where pillow fights can't even measure up to sentence fights.
F. takes sides with the criminal.
In Soviet Russia, sentence writes you!
Using English with him, I feel that we are both at different levels, at least from a linguistic point of view.
Using Esperanto with him, I feel that we are both at the same level, at least from a linguistic point of view.
Both drinking and smoking are bad for your health.
I make it a rule not to eat too much, for it is plain that overeating is bad for your health.
In my opinion, staying up late is bad for your health.
It goes without saying that smoking is bad for your health.
Please sit.
That building has no emergency exit.
The bus stops in front of my house.
The conference ended at five.
The government is promoting the use of domestically made products.
This is my wife Edita.
Many people encouraged me to fulfill my ambitions.
Many people pushed their way toward the rear exit.
Evangeline Lilly is Canadian.
When Justin Bieber started his music career, he was fourteen years old.
Many people came to the meeting yesterday.
Angelica Pickles is very selfish.
He closed the door.
He shut the door.
Dustin Moskovitz is a Jewish entrepreneur. He is one of the co-founders of Facebook.
The lock must be broken.
In Soviet Russia, food eats troll!
I'm tired of listening to your bragging.
The author pins the crime on a character who pops up in the last chapter of this book.
Peace is not the absence of violence but the presence of justice.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
If this is the information age, what are we so well-informed about?
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
Tell me what you need and I'll tell you how to get along without it.
Justice is what love looks like in public.
Today, we are going to unravel the mystery of the English subjunctive.
I think he won't accept the proposal.
Scott first changed a watch for a book, then the book for money.
If you want to read this page later, just know that you can access it from the "Help" link at the very bottom of the website.
The U.N. has condemned the Somalia suicide bombing that took the lives of at least 33 people on Tuesday, including six members of Parliament
He plays cello exceptionally well.
Come back to me.
I tried to call you at the airport, but all the payphones were out of order.
Come to think of it, I really need a cellphone.
Message me online.
Nothing can't exist because if it did it would be something.
I was really young when I met you.
Sing a song in your language, please!
I have no friends.
I love watching movies that make me think.
If the Icelandic language was a colour, I think it would be white.
I really need to eat some waffles, stat!
Break the silence.
When will you ever learn?
She was blind, deaf, and dumb.
I've got the best way to get her to be your girlfriend.
Sounds like you're having fun.
I wonder where your brother has gone to.
Let's make our own language so no one will know what we're talking about!
This candy cane tastes like green apple.
I don't wear chapstick.
If you have a problem with it, then get lost!
I love how you think of other people's needs before your own.
Do you even care?
What are the first five letters of your email?
You're supposed to be an accessory.
I love Android phones.
Have you eaten a banana pie?
With whom am I speaking?
Is context really necessary to understand the subjunctive?
You might have added it instead of writing it in comments.
They were determined to travel the length of Vietnam in just eight days.
I have a friend who loves me.
People under 18 cannot get married.
YouTube is not a good website.
'Radioactivity' is a chemical term.
Radioactive matter is dangerous.
The trumpet is a musical instrument.
Here is my key.
I would like to order a sandwich.
Can you call a taxi for me?
How much is a room?
Traitors will be deported.
Dieticians are experts in the food industry.
In 1958, Brazil won its first World Cup victory.
The Eiffel Tower is in the same city as the Louvre Museum.
The Jabulani is the official match ball of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
The cat is on the mat.
"Will he come?" "No, I don't think so."
Thai is the official language of Thailand.
Tatoeba is open source software.
Can you call me a taxi?
Convenience stores sell candy bars.
Should we go have ramen together again?
It's not rocket science.
I miss him.
You must leave the diagnosis to your doctor.
Tatoeba: Where being an orphan doesn't make you exempt in any way.
Termites eat wood.
Waking up is the opposite of going to sleep.
I got on the wrong train.
I got on the wrong bus.
What did you do last vacation?
Hiding from the police, Dima spent the night in a dumpster.
I will read a book.
The army quelled the rebellion.
You need to pay extra for the batteries.
Mathematics is a good subject.
My job is to take care of the baby.
My job is taking care of our baby.
When I was your age, I knew Virgil and all the others by heart.
It's my job to take care of the baby.
Taking care of the baby is my job.
You can't live on this side anymore.
This noise is driving me crazy.
Ann has many friends.
He is very kind.
The old man is very kind.
The old man starved to death.
The old man died from hunger.
The old man was hit by a car and was immediately taken to the hospital.
He was hit by a car and died right away.
The sugar is in the bag.
He had only one hundred yen on him.
He had only one hundred yen with him.
I'm tired of living this kind of life.
Today is Independence Day.
India's Independence Day is celebrated on the fifteenth of August.
Republic Day is celebrated on the twenty-sixth of January.
The power went out.
On the fifteenth of August, thousands of people fly kites.
He's in a bad state.
This is the monsoon season.
If he's fluent in English, I'll hire him.
When I asked him for change, he gave it to me.
He spent all the money that his friend had lent him.
She didn't have any money, so she couldn't go with me.
It's been a long night.
Monkey Bingo is the exciting new way to play bingo.
Just one look at the amusing dispenser, colorful animal tiles, two-sided bingo cards, and transparent monkey chips and you know you're in for some serious fun.
The strong, gusty wind strived to strip the leaves off the trees.
One year has twelve months.
He has a lot of money.
I always think of my father when I look at this picture.
Kinshasa is the capital city of the Democratic Republic of Congo.
I wanted to know what our general stance is on adding machine translations?
If I could be that guy instead of me.
The next morning, Dima got out of the dumpster, but only to realize that all of his clothes now smelled like garbage.
Eugene will get the Ig Noble prize for his contribution to literature.
I'll phone you.
She poured a cup of tea for me.
Regardless what you may do, the outcome will still be the same.
We plunged into the cave opening on our boat and continued on.
It doesn't suit my tastes.
They finished a journey of 80 miles.
Where's the nearest train station?
It's my policy to break it off with men who ask for money.
I am counting on you to give the opening address.
On Monday, the Pierson Publishing House will launch an ambitious advertising compaign for Real Life, a highly anticipated new novel from Korea.
A cat is not a person!
He's not a scientist, but he is our friend.
Are they friends?
I would like to buy some aspirin.
He introduced his sister to me.
He introduced her sister to me.
Can I see the wine list?
I would like some fish.
What fruit juices do you have?
I appreciated your help.
Trang is as pretty as Dorenda.
Please replace the empty ink cartridge in the printer.
My right shoulder hurts.
My knee is bleeding.
Fear not because there is nothing to fear.
Everyone can make a difference in their own lives and thereby collectively make the world a better place for themselves and others around them.
Everyone knows on one level or another what is right and what is wrong; some pretend they don't.
I hear something.
I really want to know.
Muppets will be muppets.
When it was put that clearly, I was at a loss for a response.
Yes, that happens from time to time.
In her youth, my mother was very beautiful.
Tatoeba: Where attention to detail is sacred, and punishment is swift.
There are no shortcuts to the top, only to the bottom.
How about this red hat?
Her bike is better than mine.
Where is his house?
Where is her house?
Remember the days of the old schoolyards.
Hypothetically a person can live a perfect life without sinning.
The result now follows from proposition 1.3.
The module has only countably many direct summands up to isomorphism.
Note that this theorem does not assume the existence of such an object.
Can you prove the existence of garbagemen?
The lesson is English.
The lesson is science.
Don't make noise!
Please don't run in the classroom.
An integer is natural iff it is greater or equal to 0.
Please go to the playground to play.
Please obey the school rules.
An integer is natural if and only if it is greater or equal to 0.
Please explain why you can't come.
You can go if you want.
For that reason, he lost his job.
An integer is natural iff it is greater than or equal to 0.
The lake is very deep.
A straight line is a trivial example of a curve.
If you ask a mathematician if he is an adult or a minor, don't be surprised if he answers "yes".
"Nonlinear" does NOT mean "nonconvex".
She was so kind as to take me to the hospital.
Who the hell are you?
What the fuck?
He looked deeply into his crystal ball and predicted my future.
I thought she was cute.
I was in the bath when the phone rang.
I knew you'd come.
I have to stay in bed all day.
Sumo wrestling is a traditional Japanese sport.
I respect her selflessness.
I respect his selflessness.
We want to check and correct in priority sentences that do not belong to anyone.
Where is my book?
He occasionally reads detective novels.
These two cities have the same traffic rules.
I would gladly translate this, but I don't speak Dutch.
Our eyes take time to adjust to the dark.
I'm curious about the things that I'm interested in.
