Mr. White went to Canada.
I don't speak Swedish.
I don't speak German.
My son can tell time.
I went to Europe once.
I don't believe it!
Mom is older than Dad.
What is this nonsense?
He had grey hair.
She and her friends love music.
His breath smells like goat cheese.
There are frequently earthquakes in Japan.
Japan has frequent earthquakes.
In conclusion, Ahn, it very much falls to you and me to set the tone for the work environment. I will do my bit to defuse the present climate and crack on with the job at hand. I hope I can rely on your support for this.
I'm really hungry.
She prepared a wonderful meal for us.
He is at his office.
She was nearly hit by a bicycle.
"I really need some new clothes," thought Dima.
You disappointed me.
You let me down.
Your eyes are as beautiful as the arms of the Venus de Milo.
Don't forget to attach your photo to the application form.
You can speak English well, can't you?
I have no intention of meddling in your affairs.
Your composition is the best yet.
There is no excuse for your actions.
Nobody cares what you think.
You may act as you wish.
Your joke is funny no matter how many times I hear it.
It's not that I am unsympathetic, but I am not able to help you.
Send us your detailed CV at [e-mail].
The rower blames his oar.
It takes time to speak a foreign language well.
Silence is golden, not sacred.
If I were you, I would apply for the job.
I can't finish the job in such a short time.
And thus he failed the exam.
Jobs are hard to come by these days.
She capitalised on her father's connections in getting her present job.
The Great Dane is a breed of domestic dog known for its giant size.
Please do not answer this fraudulent e-mail and certainly do not click on the links in the e-mail.
As agreed, please find enclosed the updated contract.
Germany is to ban employers from snooping on Facebook.
We work on a piecework basis.
The net got entangled in the screw.
He is mean.
I ride my bike to work.
He is French.
Who doesn't know such a common saying?
I will not buy this record, it is scratched.
Pythagoras' theorem allows you to calculate the length of the hypotenuse of a right triangle.
I was totally dumbfounded.
I killed two birds in one stone.
The financial crisis has left many unemployed.
I've always known that guys lie when they say that it's the proportions that matter.
Stop doing that! We've told you a hundred times that it'll accomplish nothing! It's like talking to a wall!
You can't swim here.
There is nothing to cancel.
How to track the least visited pages and what to do with them?
Too many pages makes life hard for your visitors.
If you want to put your banner on my site, just send me the code.
Stop inappropriate content the moment it is posted.
At no time have we made your email address available to any other user without your permission.
The input method also works with this version.
I'm a computer scientist.
This computer has a Pentium processor.
I can write programs in Visual Basic.
Precisely!
The Linux kernel is monolithic.
One of the items on your wishlist is on sale.
I returned his book to him.
Sometimes, everyone is simple minded.
I asked him to send us the book.
Give me a white piece of paper.
Guns don't kill people. People kill people.
Doctor, my name is Mutaz.
I love to go to the movies.
The boy caressed the girl's chin and kissed her cheek.
The preparations won't take any time at all.
We didn't see him anywhere.
We didn't see her anywhere.
Monkeys kill people too, but only if they have guns.
Dude, she's hot!
Spring is here.
Without your advice, I would have failed.
Life has its ups and downs.
You should do that right away.
You should do that soon.
Can't you speak English?
I'm going to optimize... you.
You need to attach your photo to the application form.
Come, I'll serve some for you.
I never dreamed I would meet you here.
I never dreamed that I would take first place in the piano contest.
I never dreamed that I would meet you here.
I never dreamed that I would win first prize.
She never dreamed that her son would commit suicide.
I never dreamed that he would succeed.
I never dreamed that there would be a typhoon.
I never dreamed that George would cheat me.
I never dreamed that I would meet you.
I never dreamed that you would lose.
I never dreamed that I would meet her there.
I never dreamed that our company would expand its business to the U.S.
She never dreamed that she could win first prize.
I never dreamed that I would meet her again.
He wore a mask so no one would recognize him.
I used to love swimming.
When I entered his room, he was reading a book.
When I entered the room, she was playing the piano.
The peace talks failed once again.
When Mary entered the room, Jack suddenly stopped talking.
Jack suddenly stopped talking when Mary entered the room.
Knowing is half the battle.
He lost the watch that I had bought him a week before.
Chai tea often contains cardamom.
Are you drinking ouzo or pastis?
Ripe papaya smells like vomit.
The tilde is used in math to denote equivalence.
In modern computer systems, umlaut and diaeresis are represented identically.
A schwa represents a neutral vowel.
I went out of my way to visit my friend, but he wasn't at home.
Keep your snarky comments to yourself.
Compared to those around him, he looked really happy.
Would you mind speaking a little softer please?
He started off a country bumpkin.
He could not come because of his illness.
She could not come because of her illness.
I just fixed the car yesterday!
He is a pioneer in this field.
Trade leads to national progress.
Can't you see right?
Choose-your-own-adventure stories.
Insert it wherever you like.
Place it wherever you like.
Cave escape!
You wake up lying on the rocky floor of a dark cave. A little light filters down from above. You can just make out a couple of openings leading away from the cave. What do you do now?
You'll feel better if you drink this medicine.
You'll feel better if you take these pills.
You are in a narrow rocky shaft. There is some light shining from far above. Below you is the cave you started in. What do you do now?
My father is good at cooking. As for my mother, she is good at eating.
My mother hummed to herself as she went about her cooking in the kitchen.
I have to help my mother.
I must help my mother.
My mother washes clothes every day.
My mother left me a message.
Our mother bought us a puppy.
My mother made a sweater for me.
My mother made me a sweater.
Mom, can I go swimming?
Mama, is it okay if I go swimming?
Mommy, may I go swimming?
His room is always a tip.
Respect yourself and you will be respected.
Come sit with us.
Thankfully, there was an Armani store just outside the alley where Dima had slept.
If you feel there are several possible translations, note that for the same sentence, you can add several translations in the same language.
It's all the same.
Given her complete lack of gratitude after all that I had done for her, I told myself that I would have done better by banging my head against the wall.
I'm sorry, my boss is sleeping right now. Please come back tomorrow.
It looks like it's quarter past ten now.
Simon says: "Stand!"
Can you do handstands?
No matter how much you might think you like curry, three days in a row is plenty.
Drive safely.
I have an exam tomorrow.
I have a test tomorrow.
I worked for a full 24 hours without getting any sleep.
There are sixty seconds in a minute.
He'll come at quarter past three.
She'll come at quarter past three.
Two coffees with milk, please.
They'll get out of class in forty minutes.
Do you like eating fish?
The light suddenly went out.
He looked to the heavens.
You must obey the traffic rules.
My grandfather goes for a walk every day.
Boldly, she asked me the question.
I learned a lot about Greek culture.
It thus follows that...
To take something too far.
He lies as naturally as he breathes.
Make yourself presentable.
He doesn't get jokes.
He works in the lab.
It's eleven and he's not coming.
I work every day save Sundays.
I work every day except for Sundays.
I am seeing Mary this afternoon.
We can definitely find a cab to take us to the station.
In order to better use a language, and to understand it better, you need to learn new words.
In Japan there aren't any lakes bigger than Lake Biwa.
In Esperanto, the main stress always falls on the second-to-last syllable.
The troops were annihilated.
He's gone to the shops.
The word is on the tip of my tongue.
Always being honest is no easy thing.
Have you already seen as nice a movie as this one?
You're wasting your energy. Your complaint is groundless.
Regardless what you say, I don't believe you.
Draw me a sheep!
To paint a bird, start by painting a cage with an open door.
It's obvious that you're wrong.
What a memory!
What memory!
Don't leave me by myself!
We have looked through your letter carefully.
Why don't you listen to me?
You want my picture?
We need to water the flowers.
About a third of these diseases can be cured, but the others may be serious, or even fatal.
Are anal fissures curable?
There are five tragedies in a man's life. Unfortunately, I don't know which ones they are.
There are numerous hypotheses that may explain this phenomenon.
It is completely out of the question.
I read about almond paste containing carcinogens.
It is out of the question.
Thanks anyway.
In Japan, there isn't any lake greater than Lake Biwa.
Nancy looks tired.
He went to the store.
Stop using emoticons everywhere. It makes it look like you're on ecstasy...
The 2003 invasion of Iraq by American forces is the greatest heist of all time.
This is a popular artist.
Please make a right turn.
A better world begins in your own heart.
I walk in the rain like an idiot and you're not there.
Everything is better without you.
They're washing their hands.
Your lips are soft like the surface of a cactus.
How did you come to think of that?
Nancy looks very tired.
She was lying on the floor, strangled by a harp string.
The birds' home is in the forest, the fish's home is in the river, the bees' home is in the flowers, and the little children's is in China. We love our motherland from the time we're little, as the birds love the forest, the fish love the river, and the bees love the flowers.
I got pregnant from the Finnish harpist that I told you about last night.
The supervisor bought a really powerful machine.
The walls of this apartment are weather-beaten after many years of wind and rain.
If I could stay at a hotel near Akasaka and eat a delicious meal, I'd feel like a princess.
Tufts University is a very famous school in Boston.
My mother is making my father a cake.
My mother is making a cake for my father.
My mother prepared our lunch.
My love, if the food isn't ready by seven o'clock, I'm going to go to the restaurant.
Not coming on time is very bad.
They'll come at five o'clock?
Could you do me a favor?
Mr. Wright speaks Japanese like a native speaker.
Mr. Old is very much liked amongst the elderly.
To have one's cake and eat it too.
What's the problem?
She likes subdued colors.
His martial arts prowess has already reached a level of sublime perfection.
I gave him all the money I had.
I just finished reading the book.
Do not open while the train is in motion.
I am dead to you.
In your eyes, I am already dead.
That accident was due to his carelessness.
This is the window he broke.
A driver's job is not as easy as it looks.
Our baby isn't speaking yet.
I'd like to go geocaching, but I can't find my GPS.
I love tapioca pudding.
I'm glad that I didn't buy something like this.
Your dog is very fat.
Don't speak nonsense!
Could you get a hammer for me from the kitchen please?
Mom is getting dinner ready.
My mother is against smoking.
My mother objects to smoking.
My mother is now crazy about tennis.
We must know. We will know.
She is poor, but happy.
He is poor, but happy.
How short life is!
In Japan, there is no lake bigger than Lake Biwa.
He came back about nine last night.
You would be a better person if you learnt humility.
Stop it. He's our friend, isn't he?
As he looked through the store window, Dima's eyes widened as they fell upon a gorgeous black suit, and then widened even more when he noticed the 3,000,000.99 BYR price tag.
What you think doesn't signify at all.
I must be leaving now.
I must go now.
I stood at the end of the line.
My nephew was excused because of his youth.
It's hard to admit that you're a failure.
Don't run. Walk slowly.
You must promise to keep your promise.
You must swear to keep your promise.
Our teacher said, "Water boils at 100 degrees."
'Guillaume and Lebas' will that not make a good business name? We might add, 'and Co.' to round off the firm's signature.
She's lost her car keys.
My mother told me to clean the room.
The ticket clerk found baggage placed under a bench in the hall, and the ticking sound inside it made him worried.
Can you see that?
I put the report card in the drawer so my mother wouldn't see it.
What's your friend's name?
What's your Bosnian name?
When the milk turns sour, I'm not the kind of pussy to drink it.
It's not cold.
I'm just living from day to day.
On a nice spring day, when Jan was digging in the sandbox in the backyard, he found a small box. In the box was a shining switchblade with a mysterious inscription.
Holland is a small country.
We had lived in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
We shall go on reading this book till the end of the year.
He promised to be here at 6.
He agreed to be here at 6.
It's a word I'd like to find a replacement for.
I guessed her to be 40 years old.
I am eating noodles.
Let's think about the worst that could happen.
No point in threatening me. I'll still tell you nothing.
The party finished at nine.
Cheers!
That guy is completely nuts!
That guy is totally nuts!
That guy is off his rocker!
That guy has a screw loose!
She is just as beautiful as her mother.
Anime director Satoshi Kon died of pancreatic cancer on August 24, 2010, shortly before his 47th birthday.
You often find that sympathy turns into love.
We'll read this book until the end of the year.
We're likely to continue reading this book up to the end of the year.
"You don't look like each other." "That's because we're fraternal twins."
We lived in Osaka for ten years before we came to Tokyo.
He often drives to the library.
I worked on the farm all day.
Ask a six-year-old, not a sixty-year-old.
Wisdom does not automatically come with age.
Few students know how to read Latin.
I know his name.
Our streets flood when it rains.
Nobody lives in this house.
Why did my sixty-year-old landlord buy a trampoline?
This is a three-star hotel; three hundred dollars a night.
He likes his school a lot.
She likes her school a lot.
He asked the lady standing next to him some questions.
Did I miss anything?
The cat is adorable.
Akiko has several friends in France.
He does not believe in any faith.
Everyone could easily see his disappointment.
My mother told me to do a careless job of it.
Unable to sense the situation.
I refuse to talk to you!
The Bhopal Gas Tragedy, which occurred on the night of December 2, 1984 at the Union Carbide plant in Bhopal, India, is the world's worst industrial catastrophe.
Thousands of people lost their lives in the Bhopal Gas Tragedy, and even today hundreds of thousands of people still suffer from the ill-effects of the poisonous gas.
We will have to take off our shoes before going in.
The Taj Mahal is a mausoleum located in Agra, India.
The Taj Mahal is one of the seven wonders of the world.
The capital of India is New Delhi.
India is a union of twenty-eight states and seven union territories.
Mumbai is the capital of the Indian state of Maharashtra.
Mumbai is the most populous city in India and the second most populous city in the world.
Bombay is the former name of Mumbai and was given to it by the English.
The Qutub Minar and Red Fort are in Delhi.
It is nothing for me.
We don't have time to finish the job properly; we're just going to have to wing it.
What the fuck do you think you're doing?
Have you gone nuts?
Physics is a fundamental natural science.
Why does he look grumpy?
"I'd look like a real James Bond in that," Dima said to himself, then entered the store.
Swimming is easy for me.
Swimming is easy.
Reading a lot of books is a good thing.
Playing tennis is fun.
The boy who is swimming is my younger brother.
I would like to go for a swim.
I want to go for a swim.
I could swim well when I was a child.
I was able to swim well when I was a child.
I could swim well even when I was a child.
Even when I was a child, I was able to swim well.
Who's the boy swimming over there?
It was impossible for the boy to swim across that river.
She loved fat men, so she decided to convert to Buddhism.
I used to swim every day when I was a child.
He studied electromechanics and Buddhism at the local university.
There are more Buddhists in Germany today than people who know how to make a good chocolate cake.
Polish nails are more expensive than the Chinese ones.
He watched after the children as they were swimming.
Nail polish is as interesting as Buddhism.
Nail polish is useless: no one looks at nails anyway.
There was blood all over the floor.
The floor was covered with blood.
Can you really swim?
Ukraine shouldn't have disposed of its nuclear weapons.
I found out I can't make up interesting sentences about nuclear weapons.
The flowers brightened up the room.
I live in this hotel.
Spring arrived.
He has no more strength.
I am no longer able to handle the chest pain.
It is a little cold.
The flower is yellow and the others are blue.
This sport is becoming more and more popular.
I will look after your child this evening.
John made a book shelf.
I am married.
Take as much as you want.
I don't want any more!
When the water was brought to a boil she added the ingredients.
He is not able to know the truth.
Two vanilla ice creams, please.
He does not even know how to sign his name.
My uncle teaches English at the university.
We succeeded!
I hear you, but I don't see you.
Can one find a telephone near by?
Soon the sky will become bright.
She likes these cats.
I am terribly afraid of snakes.
I won't stoop down to his level.
My father has a restaurant.
I hope to effect positive change in the world.
The capital of Himachal Pradesh, Shimla, is only 115 kilometres away from Chandigarh.
What month is this?
Who is this person?
Everything happens for a reason.
All that has happened before, and will happen again.
Well, stranger things have happened.
He works for a big newspaper with a very large circulation.
I wonder what could have made him change his mind.
As above, so below.
The Prime Minister signed a trade agreement between the two countries.
Sentence Number 888,888 will bring its owner years upon years of luck.
Bulla, who knows who I am!
This fabric is impermeable to water.
It was truly a miracle.
Twelve years old is old for a dog.
What a long cucumber!
I'll buy him a pencil.
Now be a good boy or I'm going to send you to Oberon.
You can stay here as long as you don't make any noise.
His daughter has become a beautiful woman.
Her daughter has become a beautiful woman.
Translate this sentence into English.
I've only got one left.
He's happy that he passed that exam.
This is not your book, it's mine.
Do you have a sewing needle?
All I found is a pair of scissors.
Everyone laughed at him.
My mother is the only one who sews clothes in our family.
I was alone in the class.
Where can I pick up my airplane ticket?
I wish that I were young again.
You should begin right away.
You mustn't lie.
She is able to answer your question.
I'm sorry, but I can't.
Jessie's long hair was completely wet.
This is the palace the king and queen live in.
She gave me a watch.
He will hire someone who speaks English.
I plan to hire someone who can speak English.
Since he had left his wallet at home, he asked me if I could lend him 1,000 yen.
He publicly insulted me.
He came to see me yesterday afternoon.
We need an ambulance.
Looking at his face, you could tell that he was annoyed.
The woman is ready.
The hat is yours.
Ignore what he said. He was only joking.
Your Unikey Vietnamese Input Method download will start shortly.
Don't intrude on her sorrow.
"Would you like to buy a suit?" the shopkeeper asked Dima, who brought the smells of the previous night with him as he walked through the door.
He has set off for Kyushu.
He loves trains.
He hopes to go abroad.
I really like this skirt. Can I try it on?
I know that you're strong, but political pressure will be stronger.
The ship leaves for Honolulu tomorrow.
My children like licorice sticks.
Nature's equilibrium is very fragile.
A cat scratched me.
I count the sparkle of constellations to foretell the future of my love.
He headed out to the country.
He was wet to the skin from the rain.
I'm studying English drama.
I want to eat out tonight.
I got this bicycle for free.
Before this car, I drove a Nissan.
I like tennis and golf.
I take my camera with me wherever I go.
Jane had a very boring weekend.
I will go to the meeting.
My uncle gave his car to me.
My uncle gave me his car.
Quite a few people have two cars.
There were already over 20 people sitting there.
Can a being create the fifty billion galaxies, each with one hundred billion stars, then rejoice in the smell of burning goat flesh?
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful.
Kyiv is the capital of Ukraine.
I'm going to kill you for wasting my time.
You're driving like a maniac!
The plane landed on my dad's farm.
Can you give me an example?
No, not really.
They had no alternative energy sources.
I need something for a child.
What's all the fuss about? Damned if I know!
Day in and day out, he does nothing but tend his sheep.
She's my professor.
He should disclose everything and face the music.
You're a jerk.
I'm a translator.
We sugar our tea.
We drink our tea with sugar.
We put sugar in our tea.
We take our tea with sugar.
Who spread these rumours?
I forgot his name.
Last week I gained back five pounds.
You can trust him.
We used to be neighbours.
The Ukrainian language is very melodious.
It's raining outside.
Please refrain from posts that might encourage conflict.
Please refrain from making posts that disrupt this site's atmosphere.
Please refrain from making posts that make this site less pleasant to visit.
My father was a civil servant, and my mother wasn't doing anything either.
A drunkard is somebody you don't like and who drinks as much as you do.
A neutral country is a country that doesn't sell weapons to a warring country, unless you pay cash.
There are people who have children because they can't afford a dog.
I don't like the poor, they think only of money.
A laptop is better than a desktop.
Whatever!
I hate taking risks.
When in Ukraine, I always speak Ukrainian.
Stuff happens.
Mark Zuckerberg stole my idea!
He has a nose bleed.
I like Tom because he's honest.
I want to eat kimbap.
I'm trying to remember.
He was walking in front of me.
I write to Erwan Le Bourdonnec.
He whistled as he walked.
Day in and day out he does nothing but tend to his sheep.
What time did he say he'd come?
He pretended that he was a lawyer.
He pretended to be a doctor.
If you like seafood, you've come to the right place!
It was proved that he was a thief.
This cloth is really smooth and silky.
Call me once you've arrived.
Our class has 41 students.
Could you show me the way to the station?
Unfortunately she already has a steady boyfriend.
In the meantime, cut the bread into cubes and fry them in hot oil.
He works all night.
Tom helped me with the move.
The neighbours see that the mailbox hasn't been emptied.
These clothes suit you.
Please bring me a half-bottle of wine.
Wash the chicory and remove the leaves which may spoil.
The box is empty.
Don't use computer translation.
I'd like some aspirin.
Is there a train station near here?
"Yes," Dima replied, brushing off a piece of half-eaten fish that had gotten stuck to his right sleeve. "I'd like to buy that one there."
In accepting the money, he lost the respect of the people.
'Radioactivity' is a chemistry term.
It's time to carry out the plan.
It's time to put the plan in action.
I don't understand what it is that you're trying to say, but I like it!
She spends a lot of money on books.
She thought that I was a doctor.
The hardest was the end of the month...Especially the last thirty days...
Please tell me the correct time.
The baby cried all night.
The boy didn't change his opinion.
That hotel was very near the lake.
Their wedding is tomorrow.
The mail arrives before noon.
Her voice could hardly be heard over the noise.
Teacher, I will write it in pen.
Do you know the answer?
I can translate from German to English pretty well, but the other way around is more difficult.
Walt Whitman is my favorite American poet.
Do I contradict myself? Very well, then I contradict myself, I am large, I contain multitudes!
How much more suffering can they endure?
The dog is mine.
I would drink some jasmine green tea.
Close the window before going to bed.
Nobody spoke with me.
He asked me where to go.
Eliminating the deficit will be a very difficult job.
He is a man of few words.
He failed the exam because he had not studied enough.
I arrived here yesterday.
When you love what you do, it shows.
I would be glad to help you, but I am very busy.
I thank you for your existence.
He should come.
Do you have a few CDs?
We need money.
My father is in the garden now.
Add A Sparkle Trail To A Photo
We make men's and women's clothing.
I'm 1.9 meters tall.
It's not the cloth that brings the money. It's the craftsmanship.
The girl who works at the bakery is cute.
I was speechless.
Don't talk to him about it.
These pictures are really very beautiful.
This is why I came back.
This is your change.
The meeting ended at 4:00 p.m.
I fell in love with her at first sight.
That mountain is easy to climb.
The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence.
Second semester has ended.
I'd rather die than do it!
"You have expensive taste!" the shopkeeper exclaimed. "Are you sure you don't want to look through our cheaper variants first?"
The teacher is angry, so please do not make noise in the classroom!
There is no other way to understand the sentence.
She lives nearby.
Soap, please.
Are you for or against the war?
Did you do your work?
She explained her reasons to us.
While listening to songs in a what is supposed to be a foreign language such as Slovak, Macedonian, Slovenian, it warms your heart to hear words that you have known since childhood and that you can even understand whole phrases.
Aren't you tired?
I'm going.
I will go out when Mother comes back.
She is two years younger than I.
She's always putting on airs, acting as if she were Queen.
He is suffering from toothache.
He's in a good mood today.
I advised him to keep the secret.
He has many history books.
Let me do that.
She is bathing the baby.
Yes, I think you should go.
You must keep your promises.
He amuses us with his funny stories.
We looked out the window, but we didn't see anything.
He's English, but lives in India.
You must keep the promises you make.
There was no visible danger.
Who did you meet?
I have a hard-on for her.
I hope it stops raining.
Do you need to work on Sunday?
Ethics is a branch of philosophy that treats of human conduct.
Many years ago flying used to be glamorous. Now it's just a pain in the neck!
Her eyes filled with tears.
Carole is driving a rental car.
She's teaching us French.
I miss my elementary teachers very much.
This book is about China.
I once found a book there.
The stream flows into the pond.
You should be ashamed of your stupidity.
Tulips will bloom soon.
The whole family was sick in bed.
They live on the floor below.
They let me go.
Don't shoot the devil in the back. You might miss.
Just a little more.
This car is going 60 kilometers an hour.
This cloth sticks to your skin.
Mr. Suzuki studied French before he went to France.
We immediately became friends.
We don't need to attend that meeting.
Wet clothes stick to your skin.
Why do you need this money?
What do you need this money for?
Is there any good medicine?
Do you have some good medicine?
When does the last train leave?
Two o'clock would be OK.
You should quit smoking.
You don't need to answer that letter.
It isn't necessary to answer that letter.
Yesterday I hung out with Tony.
I'm a journalist.
It would be best if you stopped smoking.
Before going to France, Mr. Suzuki studied French.
Please shut the door.
Please close the door.
Is this a duty-free shop?
The instant he saw me, he ran away.
Does he write letters in English?
Does he write English letters?
Don't go above the speed limit.
Don't make noise when you eat soup.
Don't talk in the classroom.
You shouldn't make any noise when you eat soup.
I met an old friend of mine.
The painting he'd painted wasn't very good so nobody praised it.
"I'm in a terrible hurry... for reasons I can't say," Dima replied to the woman. "Please, just let me try on that suit there."
That's a nice-looking teapot!
That teapot's pretty dirty.
My brother is really tall, about 1.8m.
He didn't go and I didn't either.
This bicycle is mine.
I'll come as soon as I can.
I'm actually a university teacher.
I can't drink any more beer.
I got it for next to nothing.
I got that for almost nothing.
I haven't heard that story yet.
I have yet to hear that story.
I like to watch baseball games.
I like watching baseball games.
Binge drinking is harmful for your health.
I often go sailing on weekends.
Isn't she a good French singer?
That's another matter.
Bring the water to the boil.
You must pay regard to his advice.
Do you believe in a god?
Say which you would like.
It was kind of you to help me.
Can you get away from your parents?
Do you wash your hands before eating?
I learned to drive a car when I was eighteen and got a driver's license.
Maria said to herself, "I am very lucky."
You should set off as soon as possible.
You should start out as soon as you can.
He had a child even though he wasn't married.
As a married man, he must think of the future.
I broke off the engagement.
If you're not on Facebook, you don't exist!
They broke off their engagement.
They adapted to life abroad rather well.
Are there any markets or supermarkets around here? Is it convenient for daily shopping?
I have just had a good idea.
This microscope has a 100X magnification.
One can see faraway objects with a telescope.
She cried reading the letter.
This city is west of London.
I poured some water in the bucket.
I got a letter from a friend.
He brought her dog to school.
I'll call you as soon as I'm free.
My brother just made an attempt on my life by offering me 1.5 kilos of licorice. He knows well that I'll die if I eat all that at once.
The TV remote control is under the couch.
He earns twice my salary.
Who cut your hair?
Social networking sites are all the rage now.
Can you give me a hand?
He couldn't help but notice the beautiful woman walking down the beach.
The United States spends more on the military than all other countries combined!
There is nothing more refreshing than a cold beer on a hot day.
This babysitter only babysits children.
The causative voice in Uighur isn't simple.
I count to ten.
Ukrainian girls are the most beautiful girls in the world.
This is the book I told you about.
He became famous.
The metro honked at me this morning.
I am now old and I cannot manage all things.
God help thee, brother, as thou hast so helped two of us.
Lo, we have conceived a great campaign.
My father doesn't let me drive a car.
My mother has a driver's license, but she doesn't drive.
My father drives to work.
My hobby is collecting old toys.
Our teacher will go to the USA next month.
Police shouldn't take bribes.
She is very clever.
She didn't need to do that work.
She speaks English as well as I do.
I can't speak English as well as he can.
I wish I could speak English half as well as he can.
She wrote a book about birds.
Squirrels move quickly.
That woman is much older than I am.
That dress looks good on you.
Europeans like to drink wine.
A few days after his thirteenth birthday, Tony, too, graduated from school.
After a short visit, he suddenly stood up and said he was leaving.
I can't find what I want.
The old woman got off the bus.
OK, as long as it doesn't get windy.
He is engaged to my sister.
We're sorry. The number you have dialed is currently unavailable.
She is rarely late.
As she fetched Dima the suit, the shopkeeper noticed smears of blood on his shirt, and couldn't help but stare in shock.
A week today I'll be in England.
This region has completely changed.
I got your letter yesterday.
The next concert will take place in June.
I still remember the first time.
I am already old and can hardly manage all of my affairs.
He convinced me that his brother was innocent.
It's a great night to go dancing.
It was hard for me to turn down his demand.
It's big for a house.
We're not the least bit afraid of being subpar.
This model can be combined with any color.
He makes a run for it whenever I start cooking.
Products with GMO are dangerous to human life.
Please keep your voice down.
Please keep your voices down.
I don't feel at ease here.
The professor put me to sleep with all of his talk.
I have to take my medicine every six hours.
I've only heard good things about him.
If you were stranded on a desert island, what books would you want to have with you to read?
He plays the piano well.
The ruins are worth seeing.
Nobody can control us.
Will you come with us?
It is not easy for him to learn English.
Has Lucy already called?
You can give me some money?
I must be there before 7:00.
Does he live here?
This custom began during the Edo period.
You only need to concentrate.
I will be there tomorrow.
I met an American girl.
It looks like the second floor is a banquet hall.
It looks like there's a few Muslim restaurants around here.
All the other languages are easier than Uighur.
The main service center isn't here but in that building over there.
Don't come near the light!
The world's population is growing from year to year.
Our country grows stronger day by day.
We're in the process of writing the report now.
Sometimes I wonder if this world is just in someone's head, and he dreams us all into existence. Perhaps it's even me.
Tom watches TV all the time.
I'll come on May 23rd.
Children always want to become adults.
I've got a headache.
I'm making house repairs.
It's the serpent who tempted Eve.
I will not want to redo it.
I want a knife to cut the rope with.
We were able to see the sunset from our window.
Do you see a boat on the horizon?
If it snows tomorrow, I'll build a snowman.
You will go to school.
The work should be ready tomorrow.
If all goes well, I can make 2-3 pieces per day.
John likes the nurse.
We demand actions, not words.
The risk is too great.
Please don't forget to send out the letters.
The government was obliged to make changes in its foreign policy.
Which TV show do you like the most?
This happened more than three days ago.
See you tomorrow.
I am not ashamed of my father's poverty.
The prices remain as they were.
He's afraid of making mistakes.
Magicians use the art of illusion.
He fooled her.
No one really knows what a UFO looks like.
Has Lucy called already?
What do you want to propose for the new job?
She's not penniless.
Read as many books as possible.
He peels his apple.
He peels her apple.
Some people want to bring about amendments to the constitution.
I'm afraid that she'll refuse my request.
It was stupid of him to turn down her offer.
It was stupid of him to turn down his offer.
I think that it's completely understandable if she turns down his offer.
No one could turn down their invitation.
His face was cyanosed from decades of drinking.
You don't speak English, do you?
My sister's skinny and me, I'm chubby.
Where's my watch?
In many English words, there are letters that aren't pronounced.
I like it already, thank you very much.
Apparently, the bus is late.
Have you already been to the Korean Peninsula?
The garden is separated from the road by a fence.
I've gone to Kyoto twice.
All men are equal before the law... and when placed before a beautiful woman.
Just because he's good, doesn't mean he's wise.
Just because he's rich, doesn't mean he's happy.
Because the traffic light turned red, he stopped his car.
He confessed to being a liar.
We finally reached the top of Mt. Fuji.
A week from today, I'll be in England.
Maximus is the savior of Rome.
Before going to bed, he usually takes all the coins from his pockets and dumps them on the table.
It cost less than fifteen dollars.
No one else could do my work.
You should meet him.
Let's see each other again. Just not now, however.
Give me a ring when you decide to marry me.
Nothing can be explained.
Let's have our picture taken.
My sword may be blunt, but that's more than enough for someone like you.
Did you also invite your friends?
The higher you go, the lower the temperature.
Is that thing yours?
He took my umbrella without bothering to ask.
I want to go to Australia with my family.
It's bedtime.
There is a limit to how much one can tolerate.
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate. Perhaps someone else will know! Please do not forget capital letters and punctuation! Thank you.
Translating sentences one by one is too slow for you? You want to increase your rank in Tatoeba, or the rank of your language, at the speed of light? So this is for you!
The poison spread through his whole body.
May I have some more coffee?
A crossroads is where two roads meet in an X.
A square is a quadrilateral with four sides the same and where all four corners are right angles.
The opposite sides of a parallelogram are parallel.
Hi everyone.
A parallelogram is a quadrilateral formed from two sets of parallel lines.
A square is one type of rectangle, and a rectangle is one type of parallelogram.
You can't build buildings on swampy land.
Excuse me, could you pass me the salt and pepper?
It's said that Japan's rural landscape has changed greatly.
It is essential to prevent salmonella contamination in hen egg production.
What does this sign mean?
For a start, he was the illegitimate son of an unmarried mother.
When are you coming home?
When are you leaving?
He's mumbling something.
He was standing.
Jupiter is the largest planet in the Solar System.
"Don't worry," Dima attempted to put the woman at ease. "It's not mine."
I plan to buy him a pen.
Dragons are imaginary animals.
Ten thousand plus five thousand and five cents make fifteen thousand and five cents.
Why don't we take him a bottle of wine?
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is taller than the church.
Innsbruck is looking rather lovely today.
She demanded to see the person in charge.
Nice to meet you.
If you want to be loved, love!
Good afternoon.
The child bears a closer resemblance to his mother.
I'm in love with you.
Oranges signify a happy love while lemons symbolize an unrequited one.
My father hasn't gone abroad even once.
My father has never, ever gone abroad.
They said that contact with the plane had been lost.
She asked me to pick her up at the station.
One of my favorite authors is Herman Melville.
Please submit a sentence to be translated into other languages.
My left hand is numb.
It's a page short.
The Japanese yen rose.
Mark in red anything you don't understand and ask about it in class.
I'd like a little bit of cake.
He immediately started the next attack on the republic.
Tony can speak English as well as you can.
I'm just looking.
Could you turn the volume down?
I ran as fast as lightning.
Bill brought me this book.
In many countries, buying or smoking cannabis is forbidden by law.
How did you end up on your own?
My university friend is against terror.
I picked up a pretty shell at the seaside.
She seldom goes to places like that.
In fact she lied.
She loves singing.
He loves singing.
I live in Milan.
That's mostly right.
I eat in the classroom.
You eat in the classroom?
My period hasn't come.
If I go to China, it'd be to speak Chinese as much as possible.
Bob said to his friend: "The bird is dead."
You must not put on weight.
My family is my sister, father and mother.
Do you have something to say?
John is a gossip.
You're in danger of becoming a good man.
This picture reminds me of my childhood.
Is ten thousand yen enough?
We are all convinced that he's guilty.
You can adjust game configuration options when starting the game for the first time.
Clean your teeth!
You write very neatly, don't you?
Are you involved in politics?
You can see both sides of almost any issue -- and while it might exasperate your friends and lead to a few Hamlet moments, you're perfectly happy with your broad perspective
Brush your teeth well.
It's only two miles to the town.
It's just two miles to the town.
No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't please him.
He doesn't only teach English; he also writes novels.
I often receive letters from him.
I don't like him either.
I can sing well.
We all trust you.
She waited for her boyfriend at the station.
Mary was John's girlfriend all through high school.
Phosphorus provides nourishment for cyanobacteria (blue algae) which multiply and release toxins.
I need to lose a few kilos.
I am much obliged to you.
Kids love pasta in tomato sauce.
Though she wanted to travel abroad by herself, she decided not to.
She introduced herself to the people who were there.
The world's your studio.
She has very good manners.
She sat on the bench.
He sat on the bench.
She felt herself being lifted up.
I deactivated my Twitter account yesterday.
Trying on the suit, Dima found it to be too big.
Several passengers on the train were injured in the accident.
He lives in a flat.
She was washing the dishes.
I'm dead tired.
There's no class today.
He lives in a village.
In any case, the union has to compromise to a certain extent.
It is a small dog.
I would rather have a cat than a dog.
Mikey is thirteen.
I ran after the sun.
Don't kick the dog!
I repaid him the money I owed him.
For the first twenty years of her life, she was often mistaken for a boy.
Aniq turned slowly at the sound of the needy, narcissistic gurgle that sounded from behind him.
She wished to be beautiful.
He's almost always in the hospital.
Stop biting your nails.
The little girl stumbled up the stairs.
He saw a butterfly on the wall.
She fell in love with a Russian immigrant.
Can I take a day off?
We had trouble getting into the disco.
What happened to make you laugh so much?
My feet hurt.
The soup I had was so hot I couldn't drink it.
Google Translate is not good enough for Ubuntu Translations. Also this is against Ubuntu policy.
I want to learn Hebrew.
She keeps secrets.
Swimming is prohibited here.
Are you a doctor?
We are going to the movies. You should come.
Are you new here?
Now, stop!
She was on the verge of killing herself.
Lucy will certainly come.
Then, they spent that day with Jesus.
That's how it is.
Don't worry. I'll do it.
It looks like a lot of people have come out to take part in the competition.
Thanks for the memories.
Let's split the bill.
Children should be taught to share.
My big brother shared his cake with me.
You're off the hook this time.
This time I'll let it slide.
Most of the credit for our success goes to you.
Let's get the work over with so we can relax.
A heart beats in space.
The world follows one golden rule: whoever has the gold makes the rules.
While living abroad, you tend to see a variety of strange customs.
You shouldn't speak when the teacher is speaking. It's common sense.
He likes cooking for his family.
Aron killed Elizabeth.
We've sent the invitations yesterday.
I want to study Hebrew.
Which road goes to city hall?
You didn't need to come so early.
You don't need to pay for your lunch.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read.
From the moment I picked up your book until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
Brian bought some lipstick for Kate.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
Either this man is dead or my watch has stopped.
Please take me to the Grand Hotel.
So, what about flirting at work?
Do you have a table on the patio?
Do you have change for a dollar?
He won't make it to old age.
He won't live a long life.
He has nothing to complain about.
He came to see me in a different way.
He likes French more than German.
Prime Minister Koizumi is certainly not a cold-blooded man.
The hot-blooded are prone to heart attacks.
He wrote down the telephone number.
I wrote down that telephone number.
From the spring equinox the days become longer than the nights, and living creatures are becoming full of life.
Mrs Takeda is quick to pick up on the local rumours.
My father's admonishment was hard to bear.
I met an otolaryngologist at a party on Sunday.
I met an ear nose and throat doctor at a party on Sunday.
I wonder why we have ear lobes.
I wonder what ear lobes are for.
He organized his overcrowded schedule and managed to come to see my performance.
Well, it seems he's paid off his debts, but how on Earth did he arrange that amount of money?
They all drowned.
The teacher will get angry for sure.
The Chinese government controlled the internet to prevent the people from knowing the truth of the Tiananmen Square Massacre.
I don't like swimming in pools.
I don't like to swim in pools.
Larry Ewing is a vandal.
Thank you very much for the consideration you will give to our request.
If you're wrong, then I'm wrong, too.
The opposite of "inconvenient" is "convenient".
A product has been launched that uses the power from the USB to keep hot drinks warm.
The childminder cares for between one and three children.
I don't have much money on me.
Tasmania is on the 40 degrees South latitude.
That company aims to reduce employee numbers by arranging a lot of retirement money for voluntary redundancies.
We will arrange travel expenses for trips for research purposes, so go to whatever country you want to.
About the camp coming up, we'll prepare the food so could you arrange three cars?
Uranus, meaning 'sky', is the king who first ruled the whole world.
What's that sound?
I paid about fifty dollars.
It may well rain.
I've already talked to this student.
I saw a house with a red roof.
Everything's sold out.
Where are you going on your date tonight?
I visited him a week ago today.
Mr. Green is a history teacher.
My son took a piece of candy from the box.
Pears are canned in this factory.
Could I have a subway map, please?
Please get me a scrap of paper.
Selling cars is my job.
She has been sick for three weeks.
One of my dreams is to learn Icelandic.
"Oh, well..." thought Dima. "I suppose that I can't be picky at a time like this."
Will it be necessary for us to buy a book for this class?
My common sense is so messed up, that it's not common anymore.
What did your father teach you?
She does not like snakes and mathematics.
She doesn't like snakes and mathematics.
In Soviet Russia, lesson teaches teacher!
I'm sorry, but do you happen to have the key to that machine over there? My croissant is stuck.
A question to which yes or no will not quiet suffice.
I've looked all over but I can't find my keys anywhere.
The scientific method is the best way we have for understanding the world around us.
She left her umbrella on the bus.
She put a lot of sugar in the coffee.
She put lots of sugar in the coffee.
That child was left in the sun too long.
She was afraid to cross the road.
Please sit on the sofa and relax.
What time do you close?
The boys kept quiet.
I'll have it up and running in no time.
I don't understand how this works.
Bigfoot is not a pet. For one thing, they don't like being called 'bigfoot'.
Some dreams are a glimpse of the future.
Be careful what you wish for.
When we watch a movie, play a video game, or read a book, we become emotionally attached to certain characters and gradually become like them.
Olympus? Isn't that where Greek gods hang out or something?
History is nothing like what you read in history books.
A scary horror movie is only a movie. Once you turn off the screen it's all over, but life...you're stuck in it.
Let's hang out at our hangout.
Everything we can imagine is real, but what is really real is the real question.
Not everything gets a chance to exist.
Many people never get it right and end up landing jobs in government. How they do it will forever remain a mystery.
Too much cocoa can mess with your head.
Right and wrong are two faces of the same coin. Whoever has the power decides which face gets what inscription.
You see, humans don't create time; if we did we'd never run out of it.
There's no good and evil in this world; there's only ignorance, and ignorance, my friend, rules.
Change is the only constant.
Tatoeba: Big Brother would cry if he ever saw our site.
Doctor: Take a chill pill and then call me in the morning.
Fiction novels sell better than reality. In fact, reality doesn't sell at all.
Me, me, me. Now picture billions of voices screaming that and you got yourself modern civilization.
It took only a 1000 yen to convince him.
I think you will have done all the work soon.
Next time I'll come earlier.
Polluting isn't good for improving the environment.
You're a friend of Tom's, aren't you?
You're Tom's friend, aren't you?
It's fall now.
It's easy to err once you lose your cool.
You don't need to speak so loud.
There is a fence around the house.
He doesn't need to work.
There wasn't any furniture in that room.
There was no furniture in that room.
There was absolutely no furniture in that room.
The whole town was in an uproar.
They have elected a new government.
They've decided to get married next month.
They decided to get married next month.
They greeted me.
This bed is too hard to sleep on.
This work must be finished by Monday.
Talking during a concert is rude.
It's rude to talk during a concert.
It's bad manners to talk during a concert.
Lack of sleep is bad for your health.
One more bottle of wine, please.
Another bottle of wine, please.
We still have a lot of food left.
We'll go when the rain stops.
We'll go when it quits raining.
What do you say to calling it a day?
How about calling it a day?
Let's call it a day.
What's the width of this road?
What time does your plane leave?
You don't need to go to the dentist's.
You don't need to take your shoes off.
Your friendship means a lot to me.
I had a lot of fun.
It was a lot of fun.
Whom did you give it to?
Keeping the suit on, Dima walked out of the changing room and stated that he wanted to make the purchase.
If you need anything, let me know.
When I had just arrived in Switzerland, I was completely taken aback by the prices.
Let's meet up somewhere.
I plan to go skiing in Hokkaido.
I will go skiing in Hokkaido.
It's exactly half-past eight.
Please come again in three days time.
You're always singing.
The steam ship has gone out of sight.
It's going nicely!
This must be changed.
I want to speak to Mr Sato please.
This fish is not edible.
I'm going to meet a certain student.
The typhoon led to the school being closed.
I don't even have time to read.
We've run enough for one day.
You should have breakfast every day.
This world is a distant three hundred million light years away from the world where you live.
My father plans to go overseas next week.
Because of the typhoon, the school was closed.
We go fishing from time to time.
We sent you an email with an activation link.
Excuse me, I'd like to exchange US dollars for RMB - can I get RMB here?
I will only buy the car if they repair the brakes first.
This film is really boring - the best bit is when it finishes.
It's a concrete bridge, but several places along its length have collapsed.
I am an eternal PC-newbie.
I haven't slept for days.
Integrative medicine refers to a many faceted medical approach that emphasises individual differences and aggressively includes the latest scientific techniques based on modern Western medicine as well as various other medical systems like traditional medicine and natural medicine.
Walls have ears, shoji have eyes.
I've come, as my mother told me to deliver this here.
He was ordered, by his superior, to write up a proposal for a new product before the day is out.
I can't go out today as I've been asked to watch the house.
I can't go out today as I've been told to house sit.
Loosen the screws and remove the lamp cover.
I used a screwdriver to turn the screw, but it just didn't want to turn.
When the lamp is hot, in order to avoid getting burned, wait about 45 minutes for it to cool down.
If you wind up the doll with the key on the side of its torso it will swing its arms round and go forward doing somersaults.
Here is the house where he lived.
History is like Quantum Physics, the observer affects the event observed. Is the Kennedy assasination a particle or a wave?
The Sea of Japan naming dispute revolves around efforts to remove 'Sea of Japan' from the world's maps and replace it with 'East Sea'.
The gods of a falling religion become the demons of a rising one.
The father of a father is a grandfather, a grandfather's father is a great-grandfather, a great-grandfather's father is a great-great-grandfather, but no word has been decided upon for the generations before great-great-grandfather.
Out of consideration to the pig farming industry the name 'pig influenza' has been changed into 'influenza A(H1N1)'.
"Aah!" she sighed.
Why don't people hibernate?
Leading a fulfilling life really comes down to a simple question: When you turn off the lights at night and your head is on the pillow, what do you hear? Your soul singing or Satan laughing?
Is it possible to determine the diameter from the circumference?
The gods have decreed that man is mortal.
There are various expressions that indicate something is hearsay.
I'm a starved spider.
If I create an example, will you correct it for me?
How do you derive the length of the circumference? I've forgotten.
Today, I went to the doctor's.
I haven't studied that much!
I hope that she listens to me.
He came to school even though he was unwell.
You must strike while the iron is hot.
He suggested setting off immediately.
The doctor said, "There's nothing worse for your health than tobacco."
What a waste it would be if Tatoeba were to link nothing but sentences.
It is a firm rule in newspaper articles that second-hand information is clearly noted as such.
You must return him the book.
We went there to plant saplings.
He's digging his own grave.
She's digging her own grave.
I don't give a damn about my CV.
In the night a burglar broke into the apartment and stole my wife's fur coat.
She prattles on and on.
I can drive a car.
He was trapped in a dead-end job.
We'll most likely go, but we'll decide once we see what the weather is like.
On taking the medicine prescribed by the doctor the temperature of the child, which was 40 degrees, dropped rapidly.
He was bleeding from his wounds.
It is characteristic of the fork ball, one of baseball's change-ups, that a ball that flew straight will drop suddenly just before the batter.
Why not go and have ramen together?
It looks like Mr Taniguchi is late, doesn't it?
Please take this medicine if you catch a cold.
Those box speakers have a good reverb.
Compile an essay on that topic within a fixed number of letters.
At about what age do the Japanese marry?
Every citizen has the right to health and to a life that meets the minimum cultural standards.
Okinawa is the southernmost island in Japan.
Ah! I forgot again! I was supposed to go to the library to return a book today!
That man is a man content with his fate.
Last night I was dead drunk and fell asleep without having a bath.
I cross the rail tracks every morning.
If I do that, will everybody teach me?
I think that there's probably not a person in this country that hasn't turned a screw.
She is well versed in Spanish literature.
I don't suppose it's possible to read a book by moonlight.
Start by doing the books.
I think the wind's dropping off.
He spoke truth.
Once in a while, he leaves his umbrella in the train.
He often suffered from toothaches.
You need not do it at once.
Yamanaka looks young for his age.
I met him by chance in the train this morning.
I had my purse and commuter ticket stolen while I was sleeping in the train.
On my way home I fell asleep in the train, and rode past my station.
I can't find my glasses. I may have left them behind in the train.
"But don't you think that it's a little big?" asked the shopkeeper.
There are only just a few passengers on that train.
We have to show them that it's for real.
Even though computer programmers may use semicolons every day, nowadays most people only use semicolons for emoticons.
How are you, darling?
Sandra offered me her seat in the train.
Hello, how are you doing?
So many languages you know, so many times you are a man.
It's been a long time since I visited my grandmother.
Everybody loves him.
Never say never.
I should clean the room.
And no one helped you?
And nobody helped you?
An old person is a bridge between the past and the present.
I'll reach to the moon.
"The two of you need to take the basket of apples over to your grandfather," the mother said. "You will grab it from one side, and you - from the other. And that's how you'll set out."
I couldn't believe my ears!
It's just a dream.
It's only a dream.
No matter how I racked my brain, I couldn't remember that name.
Last night, my wife and I went to a friend's house for dinner.
"Hrmm," mumbled Professor Takeda as he twisted his moustache.
Please bring me a glass of water.
After you.
Really? Why?
I love to play golf.
Many thanks for this wonderful trip.
They live in a mansion.
It's late. I have to go.
We will celebrate Eid ul-Fitr tomorrow.
My attitude has changed for the better. I'm more positive now.
Chances are they're lost, and that's why they're late.
He's a chain smoker.
The car hit a tree.
It's a crying shame that they weren't insured against fire.
It should be like this.
I sat next to him.
Tatoeba: Where quotes go to die.
You should always think highly of your own teachers.
You're weird. I haven't helped you at all yet and you're calling me a "genius".
She's rather clueless.
How can I explain to my husband that he's hurting me?
My father always ate in this restaurant.
I just ate a falafel.
The paper says that a typhoon is on its way.
Hi, are you OK?
She cut the cake in two.
If you complain further, I'm going to get really angry.
Please drive the car more slowly.
Clean your teeth.
He who is slow to promise is best in keeping them.
That's the most beautiful gift I've ever received.
The majority of Japanese temples are made out of wood.
You're a daring man!
Can you make do with sandwiches for lunch?
I know absolutely nothing about that.
It's said that nothing is more precious than time.
He wrote a book on china.
Solar storms next year could prove disastrous for the electrical grid.
Someone told me that every cigarette you smoke takes seven minutes away from your life.
I have fond memories of all the time we spent together.
Pole and Hungarian - two good friends, joint fight and drinking are their ends.
Now turn to your right, a little more, a little more. OK, now lie still on your back.
The shopping center is one mile ahead.
A function that is differentiable everywhere is continuous.
Great figures don't meet high standards, but rather make their own.
Victory is on our side.
Please move your bicycle out of here.
Please forgive me for opening your letter by mistake.
Everyone loves him.
This is impossible!
Don't worry.
I don't understand this.
China is bigger than Japan.
I came here yesterday.
I got a letter from my friend.
We have two children.
Tony and I played together yesterday.
John is the boy who is reading the book.
Tomorrow is Sunday.
I wonder what is going to happen.
The more contributors there are, the more useful Tatoeba will become!
This hamburger is better than those of that shop.
Locomotives come more often than buses do.
I don't believe in God.
Go any time you want, tomorrow afternoon.
I want to go to a hotel.
What is your sister doing now?
Insecticides are agricultural chemicals that exterminate insects harmful to plants.
American forces announced the completion of their mission in Iraq.
It goes without saying that it was supremely difficult to carry out this mission.
Organic cultivation is a method of growing plants (grains, vegetables, fruit, etc.) without using agricultural chemicals.
After twisting your body, squat down.
He suffocated, smothered in smoke.
It must be terribly difficult, running her household on her own after divorcing.
The city center should be closed to all but pedestrian traffic.
Goro was kind enough to take me to the hospital.
Had she told me the truth in the first place, I wouldn't be angry now.
The red hat goes well with her dress.
Can you tell me why you like him?
Do you have one a little bigger than these?
I missed the train.
Dad's gone to China; he isn't here now.
He, who thought he was leading, is lying motionlessly in a wooden box, and those who were left behind, realising that he cannot be of use anymore, are cremating him.
I've always hated biology.
There are forty students in our class.
Telephone booths are very scarce around here.
"It's fine," Dima laughed. "I'm still growing, after all. I'll grow into it."
I've given up smoking.
How did you come to hear that?
Do you smoke?
My neighbor's son made fun of my daughter today at school.
He negotiated a lower price with the real estate agent.
You may not be able to find sentences that have been added recently because they have not been indexed yet. Indexation of sentences is not (yet) executed on-the-fly, only every week.
People with Mohawk haircuts frighten me!
Get ready! Tomorrow is the last day.
See you tomorrow in the library.
Please water the flowers.
Please pass me the sugar.
Discussion continued in the Foreign Ministry over social integration and the policy of accepting foreigners in Japan.
The impression that many German wines are sweet, and don't go well with food, is widespread.
If I don't wash my hair for a day, it becomes slick with oil and flat.
The doctor took his pulse.
I love my motherland.
A household is a group that shares the same living space and finances.
He got angry.
Give me a head of cabbage.
I dug a pit.
There's not a cloud in the sky.
You've started warming up.
Greenness is good for any city.
I want eternal life!
I remember the warmth of her arms.
It's raining again!
I've added an alternative sentence and I've tagged it as 'old fashioned'. What more do you want, blood?
He reached out for the sugar that was on the other table.
Adding up numbers is very uplifting.
She calculated that she had earned 1,500 dollars.
I'm angry.
I have a week to do my homework.
It's said that some Englishmen like Japanese-style rooms.
Comments have a mysterious way of getting lost in the vastness of Tatoebastan.
She will give birth to a child next month.
She will have a baby next month.
My eyes are tired.
"Well," said the shopkeeper, motioning for Dima to follow her to the cash register. "That'll be 3,000,000.99, then."
I like the mountains more than I like the sea.
I'm too old for this world.
But he slept like a baby.
And who was it that you were talking with?
Be quiet and listen!
Here's the house where he lived.
Anyone know where Nikolai's gone off to?
There are no direct flights to Bologna from here.
If you were my wife, I'd hang myself.
But if you put the kitten between the whales, he'll be warm.
A real friend is like a rare bird.
Don't take it so seriously.
He's considered to be one of the greatest scientists in the world.
I'll do it if they pay me.
Happy to see you.
I pretty much finished reading the novel.
Lucy's mother told her to look after her younger sister.
The room smelled of tobacco.
You've gotten hitched?
Stop it this minute!
Bring the key.
He didn't find what I hid.
We sent out the invitations yesterday.
She's got lovers for every day of the week.
A friend in hand is worth two in the bush!
She'll never speak of it.
A sick soul that holds on tight to anger and hate will never heal until it lets go of those demons.
I go to church every day.
He's smarter than her.
It looks like a ton of people know her.
Planting forests is good for the environment.
Iran balks at release of American woman.
You shouldn't ride a bicycle on the sidewalk.
He went out to eat.
I've been studying Uighur for two years now.
My older brother is planning to work at a drug factory.
We'll go wash ourselves in the river tomorrow.
How can I deactivate my account on this site?
I had nan with tea for breakfast.
When I was a baby, what could I do?
Who's paying for the food?
This pilaf tastes great!
I wish I could take back what I said.
Samuel helps everyone who asks him.
And the people? What will they say?
When it comes to science, practice is more important than theory.
Time for action!
He speaks five languages.
She looks young, but she's actually older than you are.
Tom was so loaded with work that he would forget to eat.
All the students were there.
This is the office in which he works.
He looks like his grandfather.
Don't pay it any heed.
My older brother knows how to drive.
He loves to gossip.
The hedgehog on Gotland is a local symbol.
When I was little, my grandmother would put out a small bowl of milk specifically for hedgehogs.
You promised that there would be plenty of hedgehogs in the village!
She says that she's never seen hedgehogs with ears.
All in all, after ten years of searching, my friend got married to a girl from the Slantsy region.
I have a cat and a dog. The cat's black and the dog's white.
He's always complaining about something.
German classes are held twice a week - on Mondays and Wednesdays.
I'm grateful for the invitation.
They started making this car in 1980.
Where's the bank?
"Thanks for the help." "Don't mention it."
The older you get, the more difficult it becomes to learn a new language.
Did the baby wake up?
We'll start with page 30.
Try to learn a little English.
He'll be here soon.
Won't you give me a little money?
What to do is up to you.
There's nothing more expensive than love.
I give my word.
Though they're twins, they don't have many interests in common.
Someday you'll regret this.
To be honest, his talks are always a bore.
It's good if you can sing.
It will be snowing tomorrow.
I've had it up to here with you!
She was dressed like an actress.
I've got two brothers.
Do you have work experience?
Ten minutes after the knockout, the boxer regained consciousness.
I don't know a thing about her.
Which train will you arrive on?
She's muttering something.
Apart from English, he also teaches math.
The salt ran out.
I don't entirely understand what he said.
He wasn't expecting to see you.
This gift is for you.
I simply adore reading.
They looked everywhere for him, but couldn't find him anywhere.
Buddhism came out of India.
This is why he didn't go to study abroad.
Marriage is a type of human rights violation.
The rules should be followed.
Never lose hope.
His revenue doubled after retirement.
I don't have time right now.
I pissed him off.
The pain was terrible.
Come whenever you want.
Where's the closest train station?
I'm in a hurry.
This is communism.
America's consumer slump will hit those around it as well.
No matter how much you try, you don't lose even a kilo. You might even gain a little weight. This is the diet plateau.
He made a sour face, and listened to what his teacher had to say.
I've promised to give them one hundred hrivnas annually.
You're the love of my life.
Let's stroll around the bazaar!
You look like your father looked thirty years ago.
It's not you that she loves, it's me.
He wrote a book in China.
He wrote a book about China.
You look as your father looked thirty years ago.
Rub the stain with vinegar.
She likes to take a bath with rose petals.
She respects her homeroom teacher a lot.
She has great respect for her homeroom teacher.
She doesn't like sushi.
Mommy, I want you to buy me a pomegranate!
Mommy, I want you to buy me a grenade!
I was afraid I'd be late.
I haven't seen him in three days.
I haven't seen her in three days.
Few students attended the meeting.
Not many students attended the meeting.
My husband makes 100,000 euros per year.
The German course begins October fifth.
There are many beautiful parks in London.
If I were a bird, I would fly to you.
I'm too busy to go.
I'll call you back.
She walked slowly so she wouldn't slip.
When I had to learn English in school, at times I would bemoan all the irregularities and strange rules.
If he isn't sick, I think he will come.
If he isn't ill, I think he will come.
Who does this guitar belong to?
How did you manage to hike all the way up here without breaking a sweat?
If there's no life after death, then you'd better make this life count.
My sister works as a secretary at a bank.
She is poor, but she is happy.
Lawyers and auto mechanics are the people I trust the least.
He has written two books.
Everything came out okay in the end.
When did you get married?
The rain lasted for three days.
This afternoon I have English class for two hours and then two hours of Chinese.
The textile industry will adapt to a market of free competition in the coming years.
Do you want to go shopping with me?
My father asked me if I got along well with the Jones family.
What do you plan on doing tonight?
He is a smart boy.
How to arouse a woman's desire?
The child fell out of bed.
She doesn't have a babysitter, so she can't go to the party.
In any case, you need to vote "yes" in the February 18th referendum.
Dig a deep hole.
I have chronic dermatitis.
I would rather order beer.
The dog is dead.
How long did you live there?
She would rather take advantage of being single than buy a beautiful white dress.
I think she'll be able to answer the phone around 4:00.
She is famous as a soprano.
Her birthday party will be held tomorrow evening.
Her birthday party will be tomorrow evening.
Sorry, I couldn't help it.
She almost said "I don't know".
She tried to get a tent, but she couldn't find the one she wanted.
Please translate sentence for sentence in Tatoeba.
Mr T (19 years old) avoided conviction for murder, but was found guilty of grievous bodily harm for having intentionally caused wounds.
That's crazy.
I saw Jessie standing there.
At what hour was she born?
I'll meet him tomorrow.
He has no interest in politics.
Politics leaves him cold.
Please put a cassette in the VCR and press the record button.
If the metal plate terminal of the game cassette is dirty it may be difficult for the game to start when the cassette is inserted into the game console.
We ran in the park.
You'll understand how terrible this accident was when you read the article.
Actually, I don't like the way your hair is done.
You've gotta get over there right now.
I gave him, not just advice, but also an airplane.
It's mine, not hers.
It's mine, not its.
We can deliver within a week.
What time was she born?
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate.
Important! You are about to add a translation to the sentence above.
He chipped the edge of the tea cup.
You know what my idiot son's doing? Even now he's graduated from university he spends all his time playing pachinko instead of getting a job.
Fresh-water fish include some designated as protected species. You're not allowed to catch or buy them.
Today was the school closing ceremony for 2008.
Suffering from terminal cancer, he was thrown out of a certain veteran hospital in New York three times because he adamantly rejected blood transfusions.
Although Takahashi looks completely Asian, I've heard he's of mixed blood.
As he unhesitatingly extended his arm towards me, he came to touch my private areas.
Saeb has received international recognition for his translations into the Arabic language.
She isn't young anymore. She's at least 30 years old.
Mrs Tanaka liked to carry out first aid on the injured and take care of the sick.
For example, you don't need a personal seal to collect a parcel.
In Japan you tend to use your personal seal, but actually a signature would often suffice.
Seals are used like this in Japan, but abroad signatures are the rule.
Hanko are essential in our daily life.
The history of glass is extremely long, and begins in the ancient Orient.
When Shishir comes out to translate, it's best to remain indoors.
Reaching into his pocket, Dima pulled out a giant briefcase.
Is it a disgrace to be divorced with children?
Penis enlargement supplements, as sold on sites and in magazines, have essentially no effect.
Lucky at cards, unlucky in love.
The restaurant was far from the station.
It had started to rain.
It's going to get steadily hotter from now.
Let's eat before we go.
My life had no linguistic meaning... until the day I met Saeb.
I'd be grateful if you could take a look when you've got time sometime.
You don't like Chinese cooking?
Would you be friends with me?
How have you been doing lately?
I'm sorry, I forgot to do my homework.
Is eating with chopsticks difficult?
What year were you born?
All humans are good at heart.
There is little money left.
He will be back shortly.
All humans buy food at the mart.
I don't drink or smoke.
I can't say I share your enthusiasm for the idea.
He's very influential in the world of medicine.
Not all people are evil bastards.
Not all people are evil devils.
I have a lot of land.
I am dumbfounded.
I attached my CV and my PhD proposals.
I attached my CV and my PhD proposals.
My older brother started to take interest in Japanese folk songs when he was around 12 years old.
When a strong earthquake struck suddenly, my mom just walked around the house in shock.
But when I tried to turn the shower faucet, this black bubbly liquid came out.
The separate names used for female nurses "kangofu" and male nurses "kangoshi", were unified in 2002 into "kangoshi".
The government has now abandoned its plans to privatize parts of the health service.
If you want.
Zamenhof, creator of the constructed language Esperanto, was an ophthalmologist.
Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto, was an ophthalmologist.
The only thing one never regrets are one's mistakes.
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty lady is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
I don't remember the last time I climbed a tree.
He lives somewhere around here.
He'll be back home soon.
May I leave my luggage here where it is and go out?
In Hawaii you can swim in the sea all year.
Focus on one thing and do it well.
My name is Farshad.
It's not my business.
He became a police officer.
Dad's always encouraging him.
She was worried that she might miss the train.
She was worried that she might be late for the train.
She was very shy until she graduated.
She remembered the first day she went to school.
She visits the dentist on a regular basis, so she seldom gets toothaches.
Is Mother scolding the horse?
You can learn about advanced search features here.
You may not be able to find sentences that have been added recently because they have not been indexed yet. Indexation of sentences is not yet executed on-the-fly, only every week.
Will a day come when we see them overthrown?
He doesn't know how to swim.
Mommy, I want you to buy me a garnet!
I've never said that!
If Cleopatra's nose had been a little lower, the history of the world might have been different.
Icelanders can read old sagas, but the writing and context have changed so much that they don't understand what the texts are about.
When I was a kid, I thought that if I died the world would just disappear. What a childish delusion! I just couldn't accept that the world could continue to exist without me.
Hi. How are you?
Na'vi language is used in Avatar.
England and Scotland were unified on May 1, 1707, to form the Kingdom of Great Britain.
English is my native language.
English is my mother tongue.
I know that you're a teacher.
Muiriel is the second member of Tatoeba.
Where is the city hall?
Can I dance here?
I'm retired.
France is a republic.
Spain is the winner of the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Dalida died from an overdose of sleeping pills.
An interesting proposal. Need to think it over.
Lazarus Zamenhof is Polish.
Hey, look on the bright side! At least you were not late for work!
"How did you fit a briefcase into your pocket?!" the woman asked, stunned.
I thought that my girlfriend was normal, but she turned out to be a succubus!
Enter the laboratory and press the emergency button.
Almost half the men in Great Britain regularly give chocolate to their partner, especially for their birthday.
Both of your daughters are very beautiful.
She's wearing sunglasses.
Tennis is my favourite sport.
I have time tomorrow morning.
He asked her questions.
Will we see each other earlier?
Leave it!
He had wished her happy holidays.
He made no response.
I started to cry.
Violence is the last refuge of incompetence.
He's my most interesting friend.
Please explain why it is that you can't come.
You shouldn't have come so soon.
I saw a star today.
You know that I don't like eggs.
She baked me a cake.
That was an angry bunny.
Understanding you is really very hard.
Do you have alcohol-free drinks?
I want five meatballs.
I think it won't rain tomorrow.
That mayo is nothing but chemicals!
There are only chemicals in that mayo!
Many consumers are concerned about the health risks of genetically modified food.
In Switzerland, you can buy rubbers from a vending machine.
Rabbits have big ears.
My sister is not a good cook, and neither am I.
We must do more than yesterday.
I'm going outside to play. Are you coming with?
Please give me a piece of paper to write on.
Good night, everyone!
I'll try to stay on your good side, lest I get cut in two by that acerbic tongue of yours.
God can do anything!
"I... actually don't know that either," Dima admitted. "Sometimes, this story really doesn't make any sense."
I will tell the rest tomorrow.
Only she can use the computer.
I was invited by an old friend.
The N8 will be the first device by Nokia with the Symbian^3 operating system
Please do not kill me.
He's my older brother.
He's my younger brother.
What will you make?
What do you make?
I love going to the movies.
I saw a boat upstream of the bridge.
Once the sketch is completed, ink it with a nib pen.
He answered never a word.
Ibsen's redcurrant bushes and other shrubs.
There were a lot of men among the inhabitants.
"And which class are you in?" "I am also in A."
It seems that he's happy.
We had a heavy rainfall last night.
I was going 120 kilometers an hour when the police stopped me.
Around here, everyone skis.
He meets his girlfriend on Saturdays.
I think that fact is very important.
He was too tired to go any further.
I'm crazy about football.
I consider her an honest woman.
I consider her to be an honest woman.
I like hot springs that are off the beaten track.
In the morning, we put away our futons.
Is there enough food for everyone?
I have to be at the station at three o'clock.
Contador won the yellow jersey in the Tour de France.
Road traffic injuries are a major public health problem and a leading cause of death.
To say that technology changes rapidly is to utter a truism.
We will be living in England.
She looked away.
She smiled at her baby.
She loves children.
The hard rain spoiled our hike through the woods.
We hope to reach the summit before it gets dark.
You spilled some ketchup on your tie.
I'm not willing to take that risk.
He's knowledgable about a variety of subjects.
All the money he won in the lottery brought him nothing but misery.
We stopped by the pharmacy on the way home.
A powerful storm is headed our way.
You have to have a positive attitude if you want to get ahead in life.
The play lasts two and a half hours.
My father always took me to school when I was young.
The number of fish in the ocean is steadily declining.
It took me a long time to get over my last relationship.
He begged us to go with him.
The password you have entered is invalid.
We pointed out to him the error in his reasoning.
The police searched the premises thoroughly.
He trimmed his beard for the wedding.
I like spending time with her.
The car won't start because the battery has run down.
Let me know if there's anything I can do.
Hi, to all good Iranian children.
I use Windows for Workgroups 3.11 on my computer as an operating system.
We don't have class today.
I would like to ask two questions.
How was your flight?
Attention!
Go screw yourself!
He's from the U.S.
Please, let me go through!
Football is good.
Soccer is good.
I'm scared of big, black, hairy tarantulas!
Twitter is a good example of absurdity.
Losing your health is worse than losing your money.
I took my umbrella in case it rains.
He answered me with a smile.
Viewer discretion is advised.
My mother tongue is Spanish.
My native language is Spanish.
It takes two to do something strange.
"You're interested in this sort of thing?" "No, not really."
Image Viewer is an image viewing software. This software is a very small program. This software has basic functions only. This is translatable by Tatoeba Project users.
The group box "Image Layout" shows different options for displaying the image in the picture box. There are four layouts to choose from. With Center, your image will be centered in the picture box. With Auto size, your image will be auto sized. With Stretch, your image will be resized to the size of the picture box and with Autozoom, your image will be zoomed to the picture box.
Open an image and select an image layout. Click "Open" for opening an image. Click "Quit" for quitting the program. "Image Layout" feature allows you to view in any layout.
Please select a language for the Image Viewer interface.
Democracy is an idea that goes back to the ancient Greeks.
Last year, I decided to come to Japan.
Do you know how to use a computer?
He lost everything he owned.
Tom was fired.
Tom was dismissed from his job.
He is studying at his desk.
He raised his hands.
He laid on his back.
He will do his best.
I think he will do his best.
He has a car.
"'Story'?" the woman asked. "What do you mean?"
Everybody knows the moon is made of cheese.
Pastafarians believe that an invisible and undetectable Flying Spaghetti Monster created the universe.
He wanted the taxi driver to turn left.
Bender often utters the phrase "Kill all humans", even if he always silently adds "except one" referring to Fry.
The Twitter bird is evil.
This hamburger is inexpensive for a Japanese hamburger.
France is the winner of the 1998 World Cup.
Twitter is not good enough.
I will accept the work, provided you help me.
That ATM at the supermarket, does it work?
I live in Belarus and I take pride in this fact.
Long live the Persian language!
I don't have any money, but I have dreams.
I am the Flying Spaghetti Monster. Thou shalt have no other monsters before Me. (Afterwards is OK; just use protection.) The only Monster who deserves capitalization is Me! Other monsters are false monsters, undeserving of capitalization.
His eyes are wet with tears.
I've asked him three times to take out the trash and he still hasn't done it!
My wife has given up all hope of convincing me to mow the lawn today.
If your tongue turns black, you should probably see a doctor.
Milan Kundera is my favourite writer.
I ran into an old friend of mine at the party the other day.
With his new job, he's taken on more responsibility.
My name's Cyril; pleased to meet you!
He's depressed.
Can anybody come with me to a Lady Gaga concert?
Can you give me your cell number?
Well, obviously, we have a rapist in Lincoln Park.
Wow, that's a full rainbow all the way.
My telephone number is 789.
My room number is 5.
I am a tourist.
I have a visa.
He lives inside an apple.
Speak slowly, please.
I'm sorry to spoil your plans.
People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them.
My phone number is 789.
My son is a journalist.
He wrote me a letter.
It's a doll.
I am too tired to keep on walking.
What do you wish for?
By the way, I think you're really nice.
That's none of your business.
I don't want to be used.
I've already said no.
Could you please tell me what your cell phone number is?
And why, pray tell, did you think I would agree to that?
Don't teach fish to swim.
Countries fight for GOD: gold, oil, and drugs.
"I mean... my life," Dima said. "Anyway, there's 3,000,000 BYR in this briefcase."
You play Starcraft really well.
What is love?
Screw you!
A cat is not human.
Cats are not human.
The cat is not human.
His little sister is fuckable.
Buy Belarusian!
Dogs aren't people. First of all, remember that.
It's coming up to Christmas here and all the shops are like "Buy! Buy! Buy!"
In my opinion, Twitter is a waste of time.
Jack Dorsey hates me.
Twitter is among the biggest enemies of Islam.
Silicon Valley is not my hometown.
In my opinion, Twitter bird is the most evil bird in our world.
Twitter is not a real friend.
YouTube videos are very meaningless.
Priscilla Chan is the girlfriend of Mark Zuckerberg.
Mark Zuckerberg is atheist, not theist.
Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and Blogger are threatening our life.
Google is a liar.
I haven't visited the headquarters of Twitter.
I'd like to turn some photos of mine into a calendar. How should I go about it?
The owner of Playfish is Electronic Arts.
Tatoeba Project is our virtual home.
Nakido is better than Twitter.
Indonesia consists of many islands and two peninsulas.
Difference between Facebook and Twitter is, Twitter is a microblogging service.
Tasmania belongs to Australia.
Larry Ewing doesn't answer me.
The motto of Twitter is "The best way to discover what's new in your world".
Twitter loves open source.
That's life.
There's no escape for her.
These dresses are too large.
There is a large supermarket.
They say that a large dam will be built.
That's a book.
There's a book here.
It's your book.
I'll give you a book.
This book was easy.
How long will you stay in Japan?
Until when will you stay in Japan?
How long will you be in Japan?
Are you Japanese?
This book was very interesting.
There are almost no books.
That book was interesting.
What did you do with that book?
None of those books are useful.
Not all of those books are useful.
None of those books is interesting.
None of those books are interesting.
One roll of color film, please.
Would you please autograph this book?
Could you please autograph this book?
You should read books that will benefit you.
Any book will be okay as long as it is interesting.
This is the book that you are looking for, isn't it?
There were some ink stains on the cover of that book.
Begin with books that are easy to understand.
I'm to blame, not you.
You should mind your own business.
I don't speak Catalan.
It won't take so long.
Do you plan to stay long?
Days are getting longer.
It won't take that long.
Oh! Really?
Larry Ewing is drunk.
Personal life of Larry Ewing was shared in a website.
I saw the person I expected standing there.
Today is April 1! Let's play some pranks!
I like onsen off the beaten track.
Keep money in a safe place.
It is high time you went to bed.
I didn't visit the headquarters of Twitter.
I want you to put the magazines, pamphlets and whatnot away.
Meerkats live in Africa.
What is Assembla?
I saw the person I was expecting standing there.
I saw the person I expected to be standing there.
I hope to own my own house someday.
The more chocolate you eat, the fatter you'll get.
Our plans fell through at the last minute.
After much negotiation, the two sides in the dispute reached a compromise.
Spies make it their business to know things that you don't want them to know.
Hackers break into computers without permission.
The rooms in this hotel are pretty basic.
Speaking in public makes me nervous.
We saw through your lies.
Something tells me that she's up to no good.
She always takes hours to get ready.
My son surprised me by tidying up his room without being told.
The soprano received thunderous applause for her performance.
I think the pope should sell off some of the vast holdings of his church to feed the starving poor.
John writes to his parents once a month.
Midway through our trip we realized that we hadn't brought enough money.
I know that downloading music from the internet without paying is wrong, but I do it anyway.
Please do not buy it.
I was dialing his number just as he walked through the door.
One of my dreams is to one day see the aurora borealis.
I finally understand the basic principles of calculus.
I'm washing my hands because they're dirty.
You only have to follow the instructions.
You're up to something.
You shouldn't go out.
Today is Monday.
You shouldn't be angry.
Erkin and I went to the cemetery.
Let's discuss this over a glass of wine in the hot springs.
Cesar Chavez was born on a small farm near Yuma, Arizona in 1927.
Cesar Chavez organized the first successful farm workers union in American history.
The Chavez family joined thousands of other farm workers who traveled around the state of California, to harvest crops for farm owners.
Because his family traveled from place to place, Cesar Chavez attended more than thirty schools as a child.
Cesar Chavez asked that strikers remain non-violent even though farm owners and their supporters sometimes used violence.
Cesar Chavez died in 1993 at the age of sixty-six. More than 40,000 people attended his funeral.
I'd rather stay than go.
Please leave.
I didn't really feel like going out.
My room is teeming with danger.
I'd like to attend the party.
Be quiet. If you aren't quiet, you'll be thrown out.
Shut up. If you don't, you'll be thrown out.
Please come back next week.
I thought I had him in a corner, but then he pulled an unexpected move and completely turned the tables on me.
You play the game by pounding the table when prompted, until the end where you flip the table over to send simulated food and cutlery flying.
He is poor.
I have eaten a lot this week.
I also want to know!
How many times do I have to tell you?
I would like to rent a car.
Hurry! There's no time to lose.
Is my answer correct?
There were hundreds of people there.
The film began at 2.
Ask me something easier.
It rains a lot in Okinawa.
Why is there a Miss Italy but no Mister Italy?
Could you pass the salt?
What was the hotel called? I can't remember.
This book is mine.
Bill, give me a call this evening.
Whose guitar is this?
Window or aisle?
What are you up to?
I know right from wrong.
They're all the same size.
This is about as large as that.
I sank into unconsciousness.
No, I didn't write it.
No, I didn't go.
Goodbye!
We are responsible for your protection from now on.
Carefully, the woman counted the money, and then said, "But you're still missing the 0.99."
The door opened and a man came out.
Sweet words bring the snake out of its hole.
May I go to the toilet?
May I go to the bathroom?
May I go to the restroom?
Where should we go?
Where shall we go?
I have been to India.
I plan to go there.
Betty killed everyone.
Betty killed them all.
He stood up.
It will take time for him to recover from his wounds.
Any good theory of justice must consider the question of fairness.
The international space station is an amazing feat of engineering.
The assignment is due two weeks from today.
Movie theaters are losing more and more revenue due to internet piracy.
We've been out of touch with each other for a long time.
His account of what happened is inconsistent with testimony from other witnesses.
That cut on your arm looks pretty serious.
The prime minister had to cut his visit short because of an emergency back home that required his attention.
He checked the calculations again just to make sure.
The magician asked for a volunteer from the audience.
My siblings have left it to me to take care of my aging mother.
Mastering a foreign language requires a lot of hard work.
I sat next to a man on the airplane who snored the whole time.
The ticket for your return journey has been arranged for.
I'm glad to see you!
Today I got to meet my new philosophy teacher.
This fishbowl life is all I need.
They searched high and low for the missing boy but to no avail.
See to it that this problem gets fixed by tomorrow.
A healthy dose of skepticism is vital when listening to a politician speak.
He was mad at me because I broke up with him.
He clung to the hope that he would see her again someday.
There is a growing number of people who prefer a virtual life online than a real life offline.
Think it over and let me know what you decide.
One man's terrorist is another man's freedom fighter.
The traffic ground to a halt.
She got out the bottle of champagne she'd been saving for a special occasion.
I'm fed up with all their lies.
I've been going to the gym for six months now but I must be doing something wrong because I still don't see any improvement.
I got to know her REAL well.
I find your argument too convoluted. Couldn't you try to make it simpler and more concise?
The greatest good is akin to water.
You find the worst in everything!
"Kayak" is an example of a palindrome.
You're asking for too much.
Do you like Schweppes?
Many languages use English words.
I live in Izmir.
If you skip my class, I will kill you.
More than a third of the world population lives near a coast.
Let's take a ten-minute break.
We consider now pairwise non-isomorphic factor modules of this faithful module.
Let f be the canonical map.
For the sake of completeness, let us mention that the ring R - considered as a module over itself - has submodules of arbitrarily large finite length.
She knows exactly how to make him come.
Tatoeba: Don't wander by here on Friday nights, kids.
Tatoeba: Don't cum here on Friday nights, kids.
The car was full of Tatars.
We're converging, you and I.
What's up, dawg?
Stones don't swim.
Could you please pass me the pepper?
You may go.
It's okay to go.
You'd better go.
You should go.
Wherever you go, I will follow.
Are you going or not?
The sun sunk below the clouds.
He watered the soil.
Birds disturb the soil.
They cultivated the land.
The land had never been ploughed.
It was a very hungry soil.
Please go to San Francisco.
It's a very rocky soil, isn't it?
I'll be there right away.
I'll be there at once.
If you come back by five, you may go.
The people who were here have all gone.
Programming languages are his hobby.
Programming languages are her hobby.
All the people who were here have left.
The iPhone is an extraordinary cell phone.
Shall we meet tomorrow morning at nine?
Tom called me yesterday at nine in the morning.
The museum is open from 9 a.m.
You don't need to go there if you don't want to.
You don't have to go there if you don't want to.
Mr Tanaka had trained sufficiently.
Her voice could be heard well.
About how long will it take to get there by bus?
This should be plenty.
How many is nine minus six?
Please sit according to your number.
Only six people came to the party.
It's nearly six o'clock.
There will be another showing of this movie in two hours.
She's planning to travel the entire country.
He's planning to travel the entire country.
I won't go out until it stops raining.
I'd rather die than see you cry.
"Surely," Dima grinned. "You must be joking!"
It'll soon be six o'clock.
It's almost six.
It's nearly three o'clock.
It'll soon be three o'clock.
It looks like it's going to rain.
It looks like it's rained.
Do you know how to start a fire using just sticks of wood?
It looks like he'll be coming here next month.
This may sound crazy, but I think I want to go back and do it again.
I'm going to wax my car tomorrow afternoon.
My cat has a big, white, bushy tail.
If I'm not mistaken, I think we took a wrong turn back there.
It's been a long time since I had such a pleasant surprise.
More students apply to the university than can be accepted.
This poses an interesting problem for classical theories of physics.
Against all expectations, the Apollo spacecraft made it safely back to Earth.
The new accounting procedures require us to fill out different forms for reporting expenses.
The remark you made at the party about Lisa's weight was totally uncalled for.
I drop off my children at school every morning before going to work.
I ran like the wind.
A meter is 100 centimeters.
There was a fledgling bird there.
Our life is like a notebook of which pages are covered with all the moments, both the goods and bads, the ups and downs.
After an hour, I parted with them and came back.
That down pillow looks expensive.
Koyomi bought a bow and arrows.
Mr Sato practices archery in the weekends.
Mr Sato was standing on top of a boulder.
Which is best, white thread or red thread?
Nanako is really cute, isn't she?
Fred Bloggs is the biggest corrector on Tatoeba.
Your kiss is sweeter than honey.
Strangely, he passed up her very generous offer.
What is this letter?
Is Mr Sato good at literature?
Do you like French literature?
There were eight pebbles there.
I've been walking on crutches ever since I broke my foot.
I don't agree with the theory that one should learn Latin in order to better understand English.
He asked about the others.
She asked about the others.
They asked about the others.
Emet sat at my bedside for ten hours.
This is the best chocolate mousse that my guests and myself have ever eaten.
You're quite smart.
I do not accept your excuse.
I can't love anyone but you.
Guess who I met today!
I laughed so much, I thought I'd die.
Workers of all lands, unite!
I saw him.
Mr. Sato practices archery on weekends.
Generally speaking, Englishmen aren't curious about others.
Whichever is better out of two options is also best out of those options.
Russian girls love Icelanders.
He wrote the report.
Which is better, red thread or white thread?
And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks: nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
Have you ever seen a koala?
Getting into a hot spring at Norikura is great.
A true gentleman never betrays his friends.
I had already heard that song once.
He shaves four times a week.
Do you know who invented this machine?
A sea separates Ireland and England.
I will come back next week.
How much distance could you accept in a long distance relationship?
You're not a doctor.
Julien wears round glasses, like John Lennon.
"No," the shopkeeper replied. "I'm quite serious. You saw the price tag."
Cut the quartered Chinese cabbage into wide strips.
My uncle possesses great wealth.
My father is only fifteen years old.
His brother studies very hard.
Live long and prosper.
Come on, let's go!
She's my best friend.
I took the bus back.
You should ask for permission first.
We sat in the front.
I asked Adil, and it looks like Teacher Erkin has retired.
What children! You send them to get candy and they return with a dog!
I have underestimated the strength of my opponent.
If we ever came in contact with an alien race, how would we communicate with it?
I have cut up all but one of my credit cards.
The conflict began over a simple misunderstanding.
Having a few extra batteries handy is never a bad idea.
The car broke down five miles outside of town.
It's within walking distance.
There are three hundred applicants for only one position.
Her vital signs are being closely monitored.
He countered their proposal with a surprising suggestion.
The tree's roots extend deep into the earth.
The green lampshade casts a warm glow in the room.
There must be a way to arrive at a diplomatic solution.
He peeked inside, afraid of what he would find.
Our surveys indicate that the public would support the proposed legislation.
I finally found out what had been causing the pain in my leg.
If I'd had a little more money, I would have bought it.
One of my favorite songs is Hungry Spider.
Nancy seldom smiles.
I want more.
They will hammer their swords into ploughshares and their spears into sickles. Nation will not lift sword against nation, no longer will they learn how to make war.
Scott's sister likes to prepare sashimi.
If I had known you were sick, I would have visited you in the hospital.
This morning, Mr Yamaha bought 30 kilos of walnuts wholesale.
Mr Yamaha filled the big tray in his living room with walnuts.
Mr Yamaha gave some walnuts to a beggar.
I willingly join the Chinese Communist Party.
Whatever happens, I won't tell anybody about it.
Whatever happens, I ain't telling nobody about it.
I don't love her anymore.
Tufts is the most dangerous university in the world.
My baguette is bigger than yours.
Cover the potatoes with cold water and bring to a boil.
This desk is too heavy to lift.
I like when she sends me postcards.
She's a quiet person.
Listening to music is lots of fun.
When she heard that, she felt like crying.
My soul is in the sky.
So what did you think of this pony here?
You are very nice.
The movie theater was filled with people.
I like movies.
I like movies a lot.
I love movies.
I love French movies.
Could you take me to a movie?
Which would you rather do, go to a movie or stay at home?
I don't feel like working. How about going to a movie instead?
She decided to resign.
She decided to resign from her job.
She decided to quit her job.
They vandalized my BMW!
It's a good question.
My most interesting friend is Jessie.
During the intermission, Takashi and Harumi had a drink at the theater bar.
I like wxWidgets because, unlike most other toolkits, it has a function named Centre(), not Center().
jEdit macros are written in BeanShell.
I don't understand why they moved the soft sign in the Ukrainian alphabet; it seemed much more logical for me when it came at the end.
Markdown is a markup language, but a very readable one.
Give me one millet dumpling, please.
She has great respect for her form teacher.
These are my books and those are his books.
It looks like we fell into a trap.
"But that's ridiculous!" Dima protested. "Kopeks haven't been around in ages! And 0.99 isn't even a natural number!"
I'm a fourth-year student at Hyogo University.
I live in Hyogo Prefecture.
He's a high school student.
Bread and butter are my usual breakfast.
Relax, it's just a scarecrow.
Walls have ears, sliding paper doors have eyes
The university disciplined Mark Zuckerberg for hacking its database.
Work harder if you plan to succeed.
These medicines should be taken three times a day.
Kristy Anderson is the wife of Larry Ewing.
There may be thieves, fakers, perverts or killers in social networks. For your security, you shouldn't believe them.
There may be a killer who looks harmless in any social network.
Maybe it's about time I started learning to do programming.
This milk will keep for two days.
You had better go now.
"That's the only problem," he said angrily.
Larry Ewing is married and the father of two children.
What would it take to have this chair repaired?
The lifetime of a butterfly is three days.
The capital city of the Netherlands is Amsterdam.
You are under no obligation to divulge that information.
He tied his dog up to the tree while he went into the store.
Confessions obtained by torture are generally worthless.
His unique perspective helped shed light on the situation.
Many Eastern religions teach that there is a unity behind the diversity of phenomena.
The new law will bring about important changes in the educational system.
The lack of evidence to the contrary is itself evidence that your theory is probably right.
A sentence can state something false while at the same time be grammatically correct.
An electric guitar doesn't sound the same as an acoustic one.
He would be as muscular as his brother if he had worked out like him.
The influence that the president's wife has on him should not be underestimated.
Culture is like jam: the less one has, the more one spreads it.
The young lady carried a child in her arm.
I don't think that this shirt suits a red tie.
Ask Trang if she's going out tonight.
Yesterday was Friday and the day after tomorrow is Monday.
My brother can run very fast.
I would prefer to go out than stay in.
Do you speak German?
I will look after the dog.
Alexander is not younger than Vladimir.
They shall beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks; One nation shall not raise the sword against another, nor shall they train for war again.
China shares borders with Pakistan, India, Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, North Korea, Laos, Vietnam, Nepal, Bhutan, Myanmar, Mongolia and Russia.
Her name came up in 42 separate entries in a Google search.
Good nutrition is also a science and, as such, can be learnt.
The shirt is very dirty. Before you go to school, it has to be washed.
The vending machine is making strange noises.
I believe it will snow tomorrow.
The prince became a king that day.
There's bamboo growing in the garden.
The Queen's crown was made of gold.
A river flows through the valley.
That college student is studying engineering.
That sword is fit for a prince.
A bow is no use without arrows.
In Papua New Guinea, there are 850 different languages spoken by Papuans.
In most countries, with the exception of the Arab countries and Israel, Saturday and Sunday are defined as the weekend.
In the first years that Coca-Cola was produced, it contained cocaine. In 1914, cocaine was classified as a narcotic, after which they used caffeine instead of cocaine in the production of Coca-Cola.
A lot of human deaths are caused by smoking cigarettes.
There is no life without electricity and water.
We need to live our lives to the fullest, as we are not vegetables!
Sometimes, Grandma is more dangerous than the KGB.
I have just finished eating lunch.
That company is managed by a foreigner.
My son tried to become a teller of funny stories.
She's in the restroom.
I have a reservation, my name is Kaori Yoshikawa. Here's my confirmation card.
He was very patient.
Hiromi is wearing a new dress.
We'll take a two-week holiday.
Your message has been received.
Mary has already set off.
He takes a bath each morning.
That party was off the hook, dude!
"Our boss insisted on that price," the shopkeeper explained. "But you know, you don't have to pay me 0.99 in kopeks. You can pay more if you like."
So that's how it is!
Yea, that's all it is.
She has a cat. This cat is white.
I didn't have the heart to eat the cake she made me.
Spain has won the 2010 FIFA World Cup and the national team logo gains the first star.
Carlos Queiroz was fired by the Portuguese Football Federation.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a football player.
The holy book of Muslims is the Qur'an.
Could you send this letter to Japan?
In clear weather one can see Mount Fuji from here.
"The Old Man and the Sea" is a novel by Hemingway.
Our refrigerator isn't working.
When did the Thirty Years' War take place?
Can you help me with the washing up?
It's difficult to answer this question.
My data-burning software is showing an error message.
Mrs Klein is over 80, but she's still very active.
Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
His house was sold for ten thousand dollars.
I bathe once a day.
Great men are almost always bad men, even when they exercise influence and not authority.
Liberty is not a means to a higher political end. It is itself the highest political end.
My license was confiscated.
I'm an alcoholic. I'm a drug addict. I'm homosexual. I'm a genius.
Faith makes all things possible.... love makes all things easy.
Can I have your telephone number?
Peel the potatoes and carrots.
The old bear is fast asleep.
He listens to a short wave radio station.
And you?
She wrote one letter.
Administrator and moderators are working for the best language tool, Tatoeba Project.
The twelve stars on the flag of the European Union do not symbolize the twelve founding members of the union. They symbolize the Twelve Apostles.
Hello, I am Sepideh.
My wife made me a delicious apple cake.
I live with a hedgehog.
I don't like cold coffee.
Good advice is expensive there.
He found my bicycle.
You risk losing my trust.
I didn't literally translate from English into Japanese.
That's my pussy.
Enlightenment is man's leaving his self-imposed immaturity.
I want to speak German.
She's Alain's wife.
He loves them.
You guys are totally clueless.
He left his mother and his girlfriend in France.
I would like to express my gratitude for what you have done for this town.
All models are wrong, but some are useful.
I've known Jim since my childhood.
I've known Jim since I was a child.
I've known Jim since we were children.
She's a professor.
The allegations they made were unfounded.
Will Madonna ever stop singing?
Good morning, Haruki. Your hair got messed up while you were sleeping.
Good morning, Haruki. Your hair looks like you just got out of bed.
How long does it take to get from here to the station?
The earthquake provoked a great disaster, one unlike anything that the country had experienced before.
"Tatoeba" means "for example" in Japanese.
The president has abolished slavery.
You really sleep a lot!
There's no mistake.
He is going to school on a bus.
We expect rain today.
I think you should rest a bit. You look pale.
He caught her hand.
The game will probably be canceled.
The game will probably be called off.
Except for one person, everybody went home.
The children are sleeping. Please don't be so noisy.
Don't enter the room without permission.
Don't judge people from the way they look.
Don't judge a man from the way he looks.
Don't put books on the table.
Don't throw rocks into the river.
I got all choked up when I heard Ryo's voice on the telephone.
He's my best friend. It's as if he were my brother.
He's my best friend. We're like brothers.
I need to wrap my older sister's dinner in plastic wrap.
You shouldn't read a book in a room this dim.
"But three million is all I have," Dima said. "No more, no less."
He isn't smart enough to do mental arithmetic.
He isn't smart enough to add up numbers in his head.
I collect postcards.
I trust computers only as far as I can throw them.
He has a heart condition.
He put some sugar and milk in his tea.
Don't even try to talk me to death - I have earplugs.
Watch out for her. Her weapon is language - if she wants to, she'll talk you to death.
Honesty and truth are essential principles we have been learning since childhood.
Parents and adults punish children when they tell a lie, but it could be argued that often they aren't themselves good examples of sincerity.
When an adult tells a lie to a child, he thinks he's always right.
A lie said to avoid hurting someone's feelings and expectations is called a "white lie."
Are white lies really necessary in our social life?
I didn't intend to hurt Tom's feelings.
White lies could help us to be diplomatic and avoid hard feelings and arguments which can ruin a day - or a friendship.
In some situations, we would never receive criticism about our appearance, such as clothing or hair.
We would never know that someone hadn't invited us to his party.
In some situations, telling a white lie could be used to avoid people to be disappointed or get angry by or with someone.
Honesty is one of the most beautiful things in the world.
Even if lies and white lies are a spontaneous reaction of our brain, they will never be the truth, the reality of things, the life.
I would like a ratatouille, please.
My brother Jacques is fourteen years old.
I'm a French citizen.
This is hot, not cold.
I brush my teeth.
She has got long hair.
I go to the theatre.
I don't have a good reference book to hand.
Ivy Bean, the oldest user of both Facebook and Twitter, died at 104.
It happened on the 1st of May.
He had hoped for success, but in fact, he did not succeed.
He had hoped to succeed, but he didn't.
The dog is white.
May I?
Dogs are loyal animals.
My brother is as large as I.
As far as I know, she has not yet married.
Take my glasses.
I couldn't answer all of the questions.
I had a fight with my older brother yesterday.
He refuses to accept his old age.
I'll cook tonight.
Mummy, where's my hanky?
The hotel is looking for a new head receptionist.
You're no match for him.
The goal of this report is to examine every advantage and disadvantage of this proposal.
Tom is a math-geek.
The director of the school wants to close the canteen and create a new recreation room for the students.
We should write a formal letter to the director.
Most students agree with the proposal, and made a list of arguments in favour of it.
The canteen is underused, but always dirty and neglected.
The food at the canteen isn't very good, and the menu contains mostly unhealthy foods, too salted or sweetened.
There are only a few consequences of closing the canteen.
Students have not cheap places where to buy food.
I have nothing to do today.
The proposal is accepted.
We should discuss about it face to face with the director.
Close your book.
I'm so excited you will come here in the end!
I will provide you all the necessary information.
As for getting to my house from the airport, the best way is by taxi.
The airport is quite far from the city centre.
You probably have some heavy luggage.
In my city there is a special bus, called BLQ, which leaves from the airport and stops near my house.
I suggest you to go absolutely on a trip to Ferrara and Ravenna.
In my region there are beautiful and living cities you will surely love.
Unfortunately I will not have much free time.
I'm working full time in a bookshop until the end of September.
All the museums of my city are in the city centre.
She is living in the village.
I've got a weakness for homework.
Do you really mean that?
He squashed the insect with the heel of his foot.
My 3 year old is really trying my patience!
In spite of our encouragement, he decided to throw in the towel.
I'll give them to you as a rough guide.
Somebody tipped off the gang members to the police surveillance.
She's really touchy about her new braces.
The police dog found trace amounts of cocaine in his luggage.
She bears an uncanny resemblance to Marilyn Monroe.
If you're not sweating when you do cardio, then you're not doing it hard enough.
My friend doctored his ID to make it look like he was 18.
Some things in life are beyond our ability to control.
His best friend ratted him out to the authorities.
Serpents have had a bad rap ever since the Garden of Eden.
It was the court's finding that the witness committed perjury.
The senator has a very demanding schedule this week.
One of his paintings fetched more than a million dollars at auction.
There's no denying the harmful effects of smoking.
There's no way to predict what you will dream tonight.
After that fall she's lucky to be alive.
My cat likes it when I scratch her behind the ears.
The wizard waved his magic wand and disappeared into thin air.
If you don't start behaving I'll have to ground you.
The view of the Earth from the Moon is one of the iconic images of the 20th century.
It's still in limbo.
He's not stupid.
This machine impressed everyone.
He weighs ten more kilos than me.
We grow wheat here.
Bread is made from wheat.
Native Americans fought with bow and arrow.
She is eating.
This is a bow for a strong person.
He must be homesick.
The rock was moved by dynamite.
You are inferior to me.
We put the world at your fingertips.
Give me some time to figure out what went wrong.
There's no poison in this fish.
Yoda's grammar learned you have.
It's raining non-stop.
I'm the one responsible for the accident.
You're going out with a Keio student, aren't you?
You're dating a Keio student, aren't you?
If I remember correctly, I think we have to turn left at the next corner.
With every broken vow, you bring our ideal closer to destruction.
The turbulent sands above our heads, the flinging of our swords... they're naught but falling stars in the night sky.
I'm always writing strange things, so I'm sure it's difficult to comment on.
Kate stays in Izu on weekends.
If Katsumi doesn't get his own way, he gets angry right away.
The flowers in the garden smell sweet.
I'm not a sentence. I should be deleted from Tatoeba.
According to pernickety moderators, non-sentences constitute a mortal danger to Tatoeba.
You can count me among your friends.
Could you change it for a different one?
It's time to separate.
It wasn't expensive.
"Why are you going to Japan?" "To attend a conference in Tokyo."
I've finally learned how to roll my R's!
His hair was brown.
Yes, tomorrow is my day off.
He is her friend.
Does the letter need to be written in English?
Since I lived in Tokyo, I know that city pretty well.
What? You don't know how to drive a car yet?
The northern wind blew all day.
I heard that Robert is ill.
Do you like to dance?
Bob got used to hard work.
We need to buy a new rug for this room.
I have three times more books than he has.
I think he'll never return.
I can run as fast as Bill.
He climbed up the tree without effort.
This man lacks courage.
My husband always reads in bed.
Now you're an adult.
I've been very lucky today.
He's smarter than them.
The problem is in that we don't have enough money.
Life begins when we start paying taxes.
I think I lost my keys.
He's fluent in Japanese.
I reached the summit of the mountain in exactly five hours.
You're a new student?
He's good by nature.
You need to take your shoes off before entering the room.
He's a smart boy.
I'm sorry, I don't think I'll be able to.
Let me introduce you to my wife.
There are no roses without thorns.
The moon lit the room.
There is no god but God, and Muhammad is the messenger of God.
He left the bedroom and entered the living room.
The Pope has no right to marry.
Some of her children are good, some are bad.
The problem is in that it's too expensive.
I go there every year.
Read as many books as you possibly can.
She gave me good advice.
What a big dog!
She came home very late.
He's blond.
Where did you spend your vacation?
He's proud of never being late to school.
Rabbits have long ears.
What's your blood type?
They eat with a knife and fork.
She worries about my health.
When will she have to go abroad?
I go to school on a bus.
I love sport.
He's not first but second.
I always thought that a stroke was one of nature's ways to tell you that it's time to die.
Mathematics is a subject which I want to study the least of all.
It's high time to get going!
Why does he look so black?
He's an Englishman.
It's considered to be an important matter.
I played tennis all day.
He's financially dependent on his wife.
She woke up.
I made a nightmarish mistake.
He made his parents happy.
You never told me that.
I remember that I gave him the key.
Are you studying chemistry?
Hello. Is it possible to speak with Mrs Johnson please?
I'd gladly speak with you on this subject.
Animals act according to their instincts.
I like love stories.
This year is an important year for me.
I'm grateful for your help.
My brother has a good memory.
The population of Japan is larger than that of Canada.
Why did he live in the United States?
I'd like to confirm the hour of departure.
Can I get something to eat?
A child is crying somewhere.
Did you know there were a few foxes living on this mountain?
My father can swim, but my mother can't.
I have a natural talent for maths.
I feel happier than I've ever felt before.
That's a trivial error.
Yesterday was Thursday.
When I was a child, I often went swimming in the sea.
He ridiculed my idea.
The Greeks also eat fish often.
Can I park my car here?
He has read "The Manifest".
Really good!
I am peeling the celery and the potatoes.
"And besides," Dima made sure to add, taking out his calculator and dividing 0.99 by 3,000,000, before multiplying by 100. "You do realize that you would only lose 0.0033%, right?"
I washed my t-shirt.
Goodbye for ever!
When are you free?
Tatoeba is created for adding and collecting example sentences.
But Tatoeba Project is not a word heaven. Please stop adding words.
Audio in Tatoeba sentences are provided by Shtooka.
The audio feature is only available in some sentences in Chinese, Dutch, French, German and Shanghainese.
The languages that have obtained transliteration in the Tatoeba Project are Japanese, Chinese, Shanghainese, Georgian and Uzbek.
Wash the quinces thoroughly.
Xavier is a young student in economics at Paris University.
Xavier is a young student studying economics at the University of Paris.
I think I have a cavity.
Let's turn off the telly.
That's 486-2435, area code 213.
Could you tell me how to adjust the volume?
Where was I when I needed myself most?
Did you speak with your wife?
Tomorrow lessons start.
It's not far from here.
I live with a porcupine.
Health is more important than wealth.
I sent him a letter to let him know my decision.
He was able to memorize that poem when he was five years old.
We're married.
Ask only questions that can be answered with yes or no.
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate. Perhaps someone else will know!
I wish I were what I was when I wished I were what I am.
The story is set in Neuilly-on-the-Seine, a French town not far from Paris.
There is a second way to define the Gabriel-Roiter measure which may be more intuitive.
A totally ordered set is often called a "chain".
The diagram above commutes if and only if f is an isomorphism.
Note that we work with a slight generalization of the original definition.
The set of real numbers is closed under addition.
It came on to rain toward evening.
He can ski as skilfully as his father.
I have four in my family.
Don't judge people by appearance.
I graduated from an American school in France.
The light bulb burned out.
You may not be able to find sentences that have been added recently because they have not been indexed yet.
The candles burned down to within an inch of their holders.
Please behave honestly.
Stanford University has educated entrepreneurs like Larry Page and Sergey Brin.
All socks are very precious.
Rare gems include aquamarine, amethyst, emerald, quartz and ruby.
We are having a serious talk about your future.
The two pieces were glued tightly together.
I listened to his story.
In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit.
We don't want any freeloaders around here.
I am completely agog over your diaphanous dress.
Don't underestimate your opponent.
I have never seen such a beautiful girl.
A good case can be made for the legalization of drugs.
Is the Loch Ness monster real or is it just an elaborate hoax?
Tell me if you're going to give it to him or not.
My shoelace got caught in the escalator.
The only difference between a bad cook and a poisoner is the intent.
If I could, I would.
If he hadn't wasted time, he'd be finished by now.
The next day, I went to the river.
The report was put together from data collected by the Center for Disease Control.
Looks like I got a good number.
The doctor gave her a thorough check-up.
He didn't get the joke.
Don't tell anyone this.
I opened the box, but it was empty.
He weighs 10 kilograms more than I do.
He has a lot more money than I have.
He can run faster than me.
I still have another sister.
He knows how to drive a car.
It's not a classroom.
It's not a class.
He goes to school by bus.
The tradesman promised to come the next day.
Have you heard that?
I always drink a cup of coffee in the morning.
Don't pick your nose!
When you yawn, cover your mouth with your hand.
How does one calculate the capacitance of a capacitor?
Everything went well.
Why do you attach importance to this incident?
Did you make this yourself?
The search function has too few options.
He had to take over the task.
What do I have to do?
He has a round face.
I eat breakfast here normally.
I plead you to tell me the truth.
Please knock before entering.
My friend sent me a letter in which he asked me if I'm well.
You're grown up now.
He's definitely not coming.
My sister is very intelligent.
After I came back from abroad, I had much to do.
It would be good if you were to wear summer clothes.
You must get off at the next station.
Let him enter.
You should just wear summer clothes.
The customs office is at the border.
He lives above me.
He entered the room on tiptoes.
It's possible that they'll go to the supermarket today.
In April there were not many holidayers on the island.
All members hope that Tatoeba will have a million sentences by the year's end.
My mother told me to behave myself.
He let the dog loose in the yard.
He likes to listen to the radio.
He likes listening to the radio.
Do you study every day?
The bench is there too, isn't it?
The soup's too hot, I can't eat it.
I'm sick of it!
I'm fed up with it!
Stop eating in bed, I'm sick of cleaning up after you.
He always went fishing at the river when he was young.
"We don't give discounts," the woman said sternly. "Regardless how small. Now, please take off the suit if you can't afford it."
So long, and thanks for all the fish!
If you hurt her, I'll kill you.
I'd like to leave this book with you.
I want to keep my car there.
A diagonal matrix is positive semidefinite if and only if all of its elements are nonnegative.
Your most interesting friend is?
He lives there alone.
I've never been abroad before.
I would like to marry somebody like her.
Give me more milk!
You shouldn't read other people's private letters without permission.
Route 12 stops near the opera house.
The Chinese automotive import market shows signs of slight growth.
The entire city was without electricity.
We went to the beach to swim.
He described to his neighbour, who has never gone abroad, the tourist attractions.
The party was a great success.
I often read manga in my spare moments at work.
The mother was exhausted.
I bought myself this superfast popcorn machine as a Christmas present.
What came first? The egg or the hen?
His name is known to me.
He ordered a beer.
I speak good Japanese.
War is a crime against humanity.
Does any other country fan the flames of patriotism as much as America?
The station is in the center of the city.
10% of the inhabitants come from Japan.
There's also a park there.
Who's your most interesting friend?
The raising of children is something that concerns the entire community. There will be an education reform.
This ticket is valid for three days.
Dawn breaks, which is no small thing.
Why wait for Christmas?
They were left to fend for themselves.
This house was on the market for three years before it sold.
He was able to get home before dark.
They never pay any attention to me.
He sat next to the stream.
The Mongol hordes wiped out everything in their path.
He treats me as if I were a stranger.
What bus do I take to get to Rampa?
Please bring us two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.
About how many English words do you know?
We're going dancing tonight.
That's the best news I've heard in a long time.
He climbed the stairs.
I get along with my younger brother.
He has little money.
What is your problem?
A knocking sensation may indicate a loose headset.
To the ancient Yogis, the body was seen as a vehicle for the soul, and this is a useful metaphor in the modern context.
The two adversaries in distance running are your competitors and the clock.
It's absolutely miserable outside; cold, wet rain is no good for drinking beer on the plaza with your friends.
It's so grey out there that I can't see the mountains on the other side of the valley.
Maybe it would be better if I were to just stay inside. Who wants to go out when the weather's like this?
I like to watch her undress.
He forgot that he bought her a present.
There's a woman as wants to see you.
"It's a woman as wants to see you;" the boy answered, pointing towards the shop.
I don't understand a thing about that result.
You can also ride on an old, restored, steam train.
She's divorced.
Where are we going tonight?
I like your plan a lot!
I was busy this week.
Speak louder so that everyone may hear you.
They asked his older brother to help them do their homework.
This is the book that I told you about.
I don't know if I'll have time.
Muiriel's twenty.
If she comes, I'll go too.
If he comes, I'll go too.
No, it's not me. It's you!
I've forgotten your number.
Her hopes were dashed when she heard the verdict.
Money makes the world go round.
His face went white with fear.
Please unlink this sentence from English.
Please link this sentence to Spanish.
We'll get them to talk no matter what it takes.
Mrs Ogawa is really good at tennis.
If for some reason they come early, please tell them to wait.
And if I were gay, would that be a crime?
A piano is expensive, but a car is even more expensive.
It seemed like a good idea.
Lithuanian is a good language.
I'm a man born in the Showa era.
Heisei is next after the Showa era.
The 10th year of Showa is 1935 in the Western calendar.
I live it.
There are six sentences in Mongolian in Tatoeba for now.
I like that university, but it's too near my home.
He doesn't sing well.
My software isn't compatible with Windows.
He took a mirror and carefully examined his tongue.
He had gone to the airport to meet Mr West.
I have a receipt.
The trip will take at least eight hours.
His fever subsided.
Her fever subsided.
Let it go!
The problem is that we don't have a lot of money.
How long are we supposed to keep this up?
Don't feel so bad. There's always someone worse off than you.
She became a nurse.
Ethics is a branch of philosophy.
Nothing special.
He inherited an old wooden chest.
I hope that I will meet her this evening.
I'm tired of dancing.
How much did you pay for him?
I stopped coughing after two days.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, determines your altitude.
Accept that some days you're the pigeon and some days you're the statue.
He's at home resting and preparing for the exam.
She's at home resting and preparing for the exam.
Why did you leave the class yesterday?
Somebody knows that.
You're lightly dressed.
I'm sorry, I have to see off the guests now.
They still haven't woken up.
So you've got hair on your chest after all.
There are 40 pupils in this class.
So you're a man after all.
Where did you see this woman?
Does she still have a temperature?
Does he still have a temperature?
That won't have an effect.
No one knows the inside story.
Any such objection must be referred to the chairman of the meeting, whose decision is final.
Look at that one there. He's such a lazy bum!
Let the rain drown out your sorrow.
There's more to this than meets the eye.
He made a speedy recovery.
After a few minutes, I began to lose interest in the conversation.
She nodded her head in agreement.
The scientist found that rats treated with the chemical lost on average 30% of their weight.
Good old Descartes thought so much that ... he was.
Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me.
That's a bankrupt idea, as the history of modern politics readily shows.
We followed him single file till we reached the cabin.
In the era of email, I'm so happy when a friend sends me a real letter.
It's hard to swat a fly with your bare hand.
I couldn't sleep well last night because there were lots of things on my mind.
"Hold on," Dima said, taking out his phone. "I know someone who could lend me some money."
The faster the mouse, the bigger the churchyard.
I got a lot to say.
I can't remember now.
I can't forget, but I don't remember what.
He chatted with me while drinking his tea.
She chatted with me while drinking her tea.
He has half as many books as me.
He has half as many books as I do.
Mouse now, cry later !
A bottle of water goes for 5 francs in Bastions Park!
My father told me to rest well.
Drink your medicine at the prescribed intervals.
Let's go over to your girlfriend's place!
Actually, I've seen this movie before.
He has half again as many books as I.
There are but a few men who don't know that.
There are few men but know that.
Every Tatoeba sentence should be commented and its translation discussed, unless it's completely obvious.
He went to America to study medicine.
There are few men but know this in their hearts.
Cut the salmon into small pieces.
Erection problems can have various causes.
After I tried out my new loom, I made my bed and repaired the coffee grinder.
Slowly, please.
I began to learn Esperanto.
He had a new idea.
Don't touch the glass.
I'm not very social, but I try to make an effort.
It's always been like that.
There are no roses in the garden.
The church is on the other side of the street.
What a wonderful family!
What! You've eaten my chocolate bear?
He forgot to lock the door.
Unless otherwise decided by the directors, if the company has a common seal and it is affixed to a document, the document must also be signed by at least one authorised person in the presence of a witness who attests the signature.
I'm saying "For the sake of Earth's environment," but actually it's "For the sake of the people living on Earth."
It's no big deal.
The conclusion reached by a study is "People who think their feet are smelly, have smelly feet; people who think they aren't, don't."
He's thought long and hard for this election. Very long and hard for the country he loves.
Drugs are a cancer of modern society.
Can you imagine?
Do your work with more attentiveness.
It's pretty windy today, no?
Show us the straight path.
Guide us to the straight way.
She can read even this difficult a kanji.
He changes his opinions one after another.
He's a university student.
He went to the store just as it was going to close.
You and Emet are the only ones still here.
He takes pleasure from long walks in the woods.
Her unexpected visit got him all worked up.
He ushered me to the hall.
That museum turned out to be huge.
Can you give me a ride?
Looks like that's a pretty big museum.
Maybe you'll come back to me?
I just found out that my wife cheated on me.
Their equipment is extremely advanced.
Anybody can participate.
He's brighter than they are.
Where is the most beautiful place in the world?
This shop has all kinds of foreign-language magazines.
Tatoeba is the most beautiful place in the online world.
You're the only one for me now.
They greeted us warmly.
They gave us a warm greeting.
The world's educational standards disappoint me.
We must sit down.
I just wanted to tell you that I'm really sorry for what I said.
In the past accidents have occurred where shells fell outside of the firing range area used for exercises by the JGSDF.
What will you do?
If she had told me the truth, I wouldn't be angry.
'Seminar', in universities, refers to debates and the presentation of research results by a few students.
Milk doesn't mix with water.
Such behavior can cause an accident.
My grandma has gotten very old.
When you come back, I'll be gone.
Miss, that dress is splendid, it has a sheer silhouette and is very classy.
If you consider the objective of hibernation, I think it's the response of animals trying to somehow survive the winter season with its lack of food.
Please change the punctuation.
Reading books is my hobby.
I declare Allan as our vice president.
Persimmons are highly nutritious and a great delicacy, but sometimes you get a sour one.
Rather than light-hearted and cheerful men, I'm attracted to sober men with a bit of a dark side to them.
Whatever you say, I'll do it my way.
When I said that work had got busy so could we split the housework my husband pulled a face.
Have you mastered English, or is it English that has mastered you?
Insurance companies everywhere are facing hard times and have become even more tight fisted about payouts.
I got the need for a car.
The Okinawans came to be forced to live alongside life-threatening danger.
Once again, the dog has gone on a rampage.
That exercise - backs together, link arms, one bends forwards while the other stretches their back - we did that a lot as children, didn't we?
He grimaced as if memories of his bitter past were crashing like waves inside his head.
Tomorrow there will be no normal lessons, in view of the athletic meet rehearsal.
Ultimately, he ended up going to school.
China's developing too quickly.
On the doorstep sat his old woman, with the broken wash-tub before her.
The natural sciences are harder than the social sciences.
The Geneva University Library has a good reading room.
Let's ask at the circulation desk.
He finished the job in an instant.
I was able to find the book I was looking for.
We need a medical team here!
My love, I've finished cooking the food.
Go and call the guests!
It looks like there are now over two thousand Uyghur sentences on Tatoeba!
A special resolution to be proposed at a general meeting may be amended by ordinary resolution.
At a directors' meeting, unless a quorum is participating, no proposal is to be voted on, except a proposal to call another meeting.
It's night out, but I'm not asleep.
I couldn't get him to leave me alone.
Newsflash: People a couple of hundred years ago didn't speak the same as we do.
You should keep clear of that side of town.
He has half again as many books as I do.
Gay marriage is a hotly contested issue.
The only window in our hotel room opens onto a smelly alley.
The event opened with a stirring rendition of the national anthem.
In spite of my diet, I couldn't help taking a slice of chocolate cake.
He finds fault with everything I say.
They'll stop at nothing to achieve their political goals.
I can't walk, but I can definitely hobble.
If only she'd wear summer clothes.
You should get to school.
You learn something new every day.
What?! You didn't do your homework because of a soccer match? That's no excuse!
My dad won't let me go out with Bill.
Money doesn't buy happiness.
How's your mother?
He turned pale with fright.
It's night and I'm still not asleep.
I can play the piano.
The keys are on the table.
I have to go to school.
You will get fat if you eat too much.
Yesterday was very cold so I wore a hat.
For a moment I forgot what her name was.
I hate my neighbors.
The princess is wearing a gold tiara.
I can speak French and also Spanish.
After taking a bath, I drank juice.
Her name slipped my mind.
He's really sensitive to heat and I'm sensitive to the cold. What should we do about our bedroom?
As I'm sensitive to heat, I can't live comfortably without air-conditioning in summer.
I took a week off.
A house that keeps out rain and dew and is impervious to heat and cold is a wonderful thing.
You don't think that that is weird at all?
I don't think it's weird at all.
He visited France three times.
I'm tired!
My teacher always said, "You can find happiness if you rid yourself of selfishness".
The more I eat the bigger my appetite gets.
The net is huge.
The other day I went on an overseas trip with my mother.
I can't take any more!
The workers do not have a fatherland.
I don't think it's odd at all.
Well I don't think it's at all odd.
But I don't think it's at all odd.
If so, it shouldn't be any problem at all, should it?
You know Grievous Bodily Harm? Just how bad do the injuries have to be before it counts as Grievous?
If it was light I'd have read it.
The function has no side effects.
Functions have no side effects.
I heard the children's happy voices.
I like taking walks in the woods.
At night, she gazed at the moon.
I only spent three dollars.
I spent last Sunday reading a novel.
"Do you know the country code for Lebanon?" Dima asked.
She doesn't seem to be an American.
They don't seem to be Americans.
If the life and death of Socrates was the life and death of a wise man, then the life and death of Jesus is the life and death of a God.
Is it all right to eat out tonight?
The old man who'd fallen was really Buddha.
The rabbit did not have any special abilities but devotedly attended the old man.
The three animals tried to help the old man, the monkey using its ability to climb to collect fruit and nuts, and the fox catching fish in the stream to bring to him.
I took the elevator to the fourth floor.
Put this on my tab, please.
That experiment led to a great discovery.
"Who's this man?" "That's not a man. It's a robot I thought up!"
If the life and death of Socrates are those of a wise man, the life and death of Jesus are those of a God.
Judging from how the sky looks, we'll be having fine weather.
Judging from how the sky looks, we're going to be in for some good weather.
It looks like it'll be clearing up.
Abu al-Husayn ibn al-Rawandi, already in the ninth century, held that reason is man's exclusive guide to truth, a quest in which revelation is of no help.
According to the "ahl al-haqq" the universe consists of only one substance, and all what we name generations and corruptions, death and life, is a mere combination or dissolution of modes.
The Koran, far from being inimitable, is a literary work of inferior quality, as it is neither clear, nor understandable, nor does it possess any practical value and is certainly not a revealed book.
It is astonishing to witness that the Iranians, onto whom the Arabs imposed Islam through military defeat, have become its most zealous followers to the point of oppressing those of Zoroastrianism, though it is the religion of their own fathers. A kind of Stockholm syndrome on the national scale.
It's too late to do anything about that now.
They ironed out their differences.
After all, I'm a waste of space.
I understand, but I cannot agree.
The heavens do not create men that are more than men, nor do they create men that are less than men.
That house is really better than this house.
Answer accurately in one go.
A good friend will stand by you through thick and thin.
His efforts in studying have paid off and his grades are improving by leaps and bounds.
Waste not a single grain of rice!
The new president did away with a lot of the traditional protocols.
But I don't think it's strange at all.
The groom was getting cold feet just minutes before the wedding.
The bills keep piling up.
What do you think is the best nickname for Keiko Tanaka (25 years old)?
Act faster!
Somehow I just can't accept that.
I recorded the conditions up until now!
Roger works from dawn to dusk.
The other kids at school made fun of him because of his strange accent.
Mother Theresa devoutly cared for old people.
Why don't you pick on someone your own size?
He pinned responsibility for the accident on his sister.
She's really pissed off that she wasn't given a raise.
Why do you consider that incident important?
Is it true that the Pacific side of Japan is cheerful while the Sea of Japan side of Japan is more quiet?
Frankly, I don't like that man.
His parents tried to drive home to him the importance of a good education.
I met you; that is enough.
The detective shadowed the suspect for four blocks.
He faked his death and assumed a new identity.
The future is far more practical than I imagined.
Shugo is a colloquial way of referring to someone who can drink large quantities of alcohol and additionally not feel the effects of intoxication.
Just the sound of 'I love you' makes me feel stronger.
Right now, to 20 people only, we're revealing for free the secret of manipulating younger women.
I can hear everything.
Let the moving finger stop on - someone who understands Japanese.
The new year drew closer.
Buddhism is a religion founded by the Indian Shakyamuni.
Since he became a third year student, the only day he came to school was the day of the opening ceremony.
Even if malicious gossip is being circulated around someone, it doesn't necessarily mean that the value of that person will be diminished.
You must turn your tongue seven times in your mouth before you speak.
Don't forget death.
Beautiful flowers don't always produce good fruits.
Life is hard, death is cheap.
Walls have ears and Shoji style Japanese paper sliding doors have eyes.
Men do not exist in this world to become rich, but to become happy.
This AC unit wastes a lot of electricity.
Shall I stay like this until morning embracing you?
He left in the blink of an eye.
This restaurant is located on the riverbed.
Any geometric programming problem can be transformed into a convex one.
Japanese green gentian tea is very bitter.
You don't have to worry about her anymore.
Don't make the same mistake again.
It's fine just the two of us. We don't need anyone else.
Forget about her.
You're all cowards.
The mother worried about her children.
Aa, Aaaaa~~ It's about to leak.
Money isn't everything, but if you have no money, you can't do anything.
It looks like it's an ability that everyone has.
Did you leave at the same time as my younger sister?
I contacted them the other day, but I was not able to get an answer.
Do you also go to work today, by any chance?
How many copies of magazines are being printed in Japan across all Japanese magazines?
The number of empty harvested fields along the roads is increasing right now.
The voracious monsters endeavoured to upset the boat; they swam by its side in seeming anxiety for their prey; but after waiting for some time, they separated - the two rescued seamen found themselves free from their insatiable enemies and, by the blessings of God, saved.
I was saying that I didn't think that it was weird at all.
The war was finally brought to a close.
I don't think that it's strange at all.
I'm a woman and I don't think that it's strange at all.
But I don't think that it's strange at all.
Well, then there's no problem, don't you think?
The mystery surrounding his death was played up by the media.
I love Fist of the North Star!
Takeda always shows his anger openly.
Thanks a lot!
When many enemies appear in front of you, look back, you have many allies as well.
I don't think it's strange at all.
I think I'm gonna shit myself.
Just as a thorn stuck in one's throat.
I knew I could rely on you!
I watched Doraemon a lot when I was a kid. But I had no idea he was so large!
It has just started to snow in Vicenza.
They are sitting on the lawn and the ground.
The cat is sitting on top of the table.
He's sitting at the table.
He came about four o'clock.
I'm bursting for a pee.
With no work, I can't save any money.
Without work, I can't save anything.
I go to school every day by bus.
For the holidays, I'm going to Tokyo for a week.
You're all chickenshits.
The finger approaches the tip of the nose.
May happiness knock on your door.
The cat sleeps on the table.
A year after saying those words, she succumbed to the illness she had been fighting.
He went to the hospital yesterday.
We have a gig at the club tomorrow night.
If I don't get my wallet back by tomorrow, heads will roll!
James finally fessed up to stealing money from the tip jar.
Are you ever going to fess up about cheating on your boyfriend?
He neglected his duties.
Time will tell.
Kate went to the party to see her friends.
Do you have any idea what they're talking about?
I have a few things to finish up before I go home.
Purists are to be defeated. Language is not to be kept in the cage of tradition.
Thank you for your beautiful postcard.
I'm only an immigrant trying to protect the English language from its native speakers.
Do you have a cellphone?
There's going to be a downpour.
She's in contact with all the high schools.
Crap! We're out of vermicelli!
Pancake! We're out of vermicelli!
I don't know what he's doing now, but it's not her.
Why didn't the half-cooked steak say hello to the nearly-cooked steak when the two saw each other? They both weren't ready.
After taking a bath, I drank some soft drink.
Chokichi keenly felt that people, as they get older, forget entirely about the worries that only young people know about and that they themselves experienced in their youth; and that they nonchalantly take this convenient disposition where they judge harshly the circumstances of the young persons born of the next generation. He felt that there was truly an irreconcilable gap between the old and the young.
But I want you to understand what I'm saying.
Who likes insects?
He's a rather rare individual.
She's a rather rare individual.
You can put anything into a hodgepodge.
I don't think it's possible to finish that amount of work in one day.
She left the room and went outside.
A bit more chocolate please.
Charles Moore created Forth in an attempt to increase programmer productivity without sacrificing machine efficiency.
I walked along the beach when the tide ebbed.
Your order has been dispatched.
"I believe that the code for Lebanon is 961," the shopkeeper said.
You must eat to live. You must not live to eat.
To catch the bull, grab its horns.
In all cases, love is perseverance.
Beautiful flowers have thorns.
Please relax your sitting position and feel free to stretch your legs.
The doors of the train on line 3 are closing. Please be careful.
I will wash my car in a hand car wash today.
How many days are there in a week?
Tom has memorised so many kanji that he can read books for primary school children.
The worse the better.
That's too much for my little brain.
You like her, don't you?
You like him, don't you?
I love mother nature.
Every once in a while I study Esperanto.
When I use a word, Humpty Dumpty said, it means just what I choose it to mean - neither more nor less.
He told me that, without me, this life had nothing of interest for him.
She told me that, without me, this life had nothing of interest for her.
Although Iran is nowadays known for being a stronghold of Shia Islam, most Persian Muslims were Sunni until the XVth century.
Idle hands are the devil's workshop.
Speak of the devil.
Does she play piano?
It's great to have you back.
The whole is more than the sum of its parts.
He read into my words a message that I hadn't intended.
I'd stay home rather than go alone.
Listen well to what I say.
Eating too much is bad for your health.
Why did I do that?
I want to buy.
He's always on time for his appointments.
He's always on time for her appointments.
The mere sight of a mosquito makes her sick.
I met your mother through Facebook. So, if Facebook didn't exist, neither would you, my little angel.
Christopher Columbus once fought Cerberus, the three-headed guardian of the underworld, with nothing but his hat.
A renowned tactician, Christopher Columbus once downed an entire pirate fleet by stealing all of their fruits and vegetables, thus giving them scurvy.
Christopher Columbus's infinite accomplishments are a threat to Google, who do not know how to index infinity when someone searches for "Christopher Columbus".
It is easy for babies to get sick.
That's bullshit!
Christopher Columbus was once quoted as saying that pirates were too "simple-minded". He created the Bermuda Triangle later that year.
You made a great contribution.
This is an order.
It may be a sparrow, but it's still meat.
Every little bit counts.
I wish you success in your work.
If you don't like the service, don't leave a tip.
My favorite word in German is the word for "glove".
My best friend works for an NGO in Afghanistan.
No one has ever called Christopher Columbus "Chris" and lived to do it a second time.
"Who are the Uyghurs?" "I don't know."
Stephen Colbert is a pretty crazy guy.
Are you kidding or are you being serious?
Are you joking, or are you serious?
A stranger tapped me on the shoulder from behind. He must have mistaken me for someone else.
If so, then there's no problem at all, is there?
I don't see that there's any particular problem here, is there?
I am a translator.
First hold crime-prevention firmly in mind! Before going out, lock the doors!
Orange juice, please.
Isn't a problem at all, is it?
I have no doubts.
In the name of God, Most Gracious, Most Merciful.
The weather is so nice!
Glass developed dramatically in the Roman era when glass blowing techniques were invented.
Akiko is busy enough to forget her appointments.
I hate studying.
The hare was overtaken by the tortoise.
My monkey ran away!
If only I had an "anywhere door" ...Doraemoooon!
I'd like an orange juice.
What do you plan to major in at college?
As soon as the bell rang, we got up.
A flight attendant was rescued from the wreckage of the passenger plane.
Christopher Columbus once landed on the moon, but mistook it for Antarctica.
"Thanks," Dima said as he dialed the number.
You have freedom to travel wherever you like.
He is a tough cookie.
I have a plastic glass.
I remember meeting you before.
Patty was so short that she couldn't reach the branch.
Their life's really not so bad.
This is a life-sized statue.
Together or separately?
That'll be three euros.
Please stick this label to your baggage.
The Iranian nuclear program has just been attacked by malware.
Malware? This word will be a hit. It could become the word of the decade and, why not, of the century.
That's the building where Dad works.
Nobody answered the phone.
Every Tibetan above 25 has the right to stand for election to the Assembly of Tibetan People's Deputies.
Several dozen young people participated in the demonstration.
In China too glass is being excavated out of graves from the Era of Warring States.
Japan's shame, the result of the Pacific War, has not yet faded.
You'd better get your stuff together now because we're leaving in ten minutes.
When Albert fools around, Ruth rests. When Ruth fools around, Albert rests.
People must learn to be satisfied.
No man can resist the lure of a woman.
Suffer pangs of conscience.
Heaven and hell exist in the hearts of man.
Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
Ill weeds grow apace.
Truly you are the flower of my life.
Well prepared means no worries.
Yesterday work didn't get anywhere, we just kept making mistakes.
In China as well, glass is being excavated out of graves from the Warring States Period.
It's all just a big misunderstanding.
This program has both downloading and uploading capabilities.
Mr. Johnson's room was a large one.
How long have you been pregnant?
How many months pregnant are you?
How many months have you been pregnant?
Hi.
After listening to an Arabic song for ten seconds, Dima finally heard a familiar voice say, "As-Salamu Alaykum!"
Your see-through dress really excites me.
I hope he will come.
She has a flower in her hand.
Don't confuse "efficacy" with "efficiency".
I know a shortcut.
I don't give a fig about my CV.
The child is stroking a cat.
Please open the file circled in red with a text editor.
Effective use of disinfectant is an important subject in relation to infection control in hospitals.
There's a chance that tap water may contain harmful substances like chlorine and lead.
With his crew stranded at sea, Christopher Columbus was able to save them from starvation by pulling 100 rabbits out of his hat.
People often laud Christopher Columbus for all the lands that he discovered, but most are completely unaware of his numerous under-the-sea discoveries.
We have to be willing to take the first step.
Many revolutions have aimed to abolish the aristocracy.
I can get to work faster by walking than by taking the car.
What's the catch?
Many people believe that money brings happiness.
Don't be lulled into a false sense of security.
That idea we were discussing in class yesterday really piqued my interest.
Is it always wrong to take a human life?
That exercise is good for the abdominal muscles.
If you go hiking in the desert, be sure to take plenty of water.
This technology will open up a whole new avenue of research.
I've tried everything I know to cheer him up.
After ten years as business partners, they decided to part ways.
My new assistant is eager to learn the ropes.
We climbed right up to the top.
The big, yellow bus came hurtling down the street.
We estimate the damage at one thousand dollars.
Tomatoes are good for people who suffer stomach pain from excess stomach acid when their stomach is empty.
Nominate now the champion of gender-balanced business.
I think that he's probably not a bad boy.
God created Padania and, realizing the error, created the fog.
He likes fishing.
I sometimes hear my father singing in the bath.
There is only one bath towel.
The accident took place the day before yesterday.
He likes to sin.
Do you care to hazard a guess?
The child was made a ward of the state.
With this talisman, you can ward off any and all evil spirits.
You attach too much importance to what he says.
I'm an avid reader of biographies.
I've given him the benefit of the doubt one too many times.
He went above and beyond the call of duty.
My grandpa blew out all 97 candles on his birthday cake.
He got bogged down at work.
The fawn bolted from its hiding place.
I hesitate to broach the subject with her.
No beer before four!
If he keeps drinking like that, he'll have to take a taxi home.
Being "really busy" does not mean running around and acting like you don't have time for anyone or anything.
Last year in Nagoya I ate a very delicious dish called "Shoujin Ryouri".
Let's go to Paul's Diner.
What I was looking for was right before my eyes.
I was just in the shower.
She is a charming woman.
I just took a shower.
The boy didn't reach his father's height of six feet.
I see death around the corner.
Facebook is blocked in China.
You can call me anytime you like.
I got so wasted last night.
I don't know how to say it.
Short hair really suits her.
I forgot my PIN number!
I really don't like Apple products.
There are three different types of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can't.
He works all night and he sleeps all day.
I pwn noobs.
I don't really like the mall stores.
I mistook Ann for her sister.
I mistook her for her sister. They look so much alike.
It seems that he mistook me for my sister.
He mistook me for my twin brother.
He mistook me for my mother.
He mistook me for an Englishman.
She mistook me for Mr. Tamori.
She mistook me for my brother.
She mistook my brother for me.
At first, I mistook him for your brother.
I mistook him for Mr. Brown.
I mistook him for his brother.
We mistook him for an American.
I have nothing left to say.
What else could you possibly give me that I don't already have?
With these eyes, I shall see mountains burn.
Nicholas and Maria love each other.
The two women know each other.
He will pay for everything.
Our Father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Romans, go home!
Mayuko designed her own clothes.
Open the brackets in the equation.
The solution was quite simple.
I heard her speaking English as fluently as an American.
My father's hobby is fishing.
I heard her speaking English fluently, like an American.
It was cloudy, with occasional rain.
The boy was forced to quit school by his parents.
"Walakum-us-Salam, Al-Sayib!" Dima replied. "What are you up to these days?"
Do you think it will be nice out tomorrow?
I live by the way of the samurai.
His eyes are bathed with tears.
That's not what I mean. Sex discrimination, female discrimination, whatever, men and women are just different.
Time is so beautiful.
I'll make an exception just this once.
The unicorn is a fabulous monster.
Do you have a boyfriend?
I like to drink natural mineral water.
One flew over cuckoo's nest is one of my favorite movies.
This river is dangerous to swim in July.
The sky gives promise of fine weather.
What's the fax number for this hotel?
I don't remember what I was looking for.
They advised us to stay put for the time being.
We learned as much as possible about their culture before visiting them.
I'm sick and tired of all the petty squabbling among politicians.
All contributions are tax deductible.
In Soviet Russia, river swims you!
I am trying to learn English.
I am very glad to meet you.
Clean the dust off the shelf.
Here's the change.
I believe this man to be a lost cause.
What on earth is it?
Person ignorant of the real world.
Avoiding the appearance of evil.
Scant difference.
In any case, I've already entirely forgiven you.
I sacked him.
In my work, I sometimes simply determine an area with a tape measure.
The Assembly of Tibetan People's Deputies, established in 1960, is the legislature that holds the highest jurisdiction in the society of exiled Tibetans.
He should come right away!
The story that, "Apparently the new primary school curriculum will teach that pi as 3" spread this March.
Additionally, the tale starting with "Genji's Story" was also much loved.
I get along quite well now with my new cane.
Home prices are plummeting.
It looks like I'm going to have to varnish my bookshelves again.
My jacket has a secret pocket where I can hide money or other valuables.
Wang Lao Ji isn't beer. It's tea.
On his bicycle he can dodge through traffic with amazing speed.
Christopher Columbus drank sea water straight up.
What platform does the downtown train leave from?
Where's the nearest telephone booth?
If you repeat a joke two hundred fifty six times, it will set everybody's teeth on edge.
In the end I ran to the station, and somehow got there on time.
The frog in the well.
"Drinking Fanta and telling noobs to shut up," Al-Sayib replied, taking a sip of the aforementioned Fanta. "Wait, who is this?"
It's cool this morning, innit?
It's his, innit?
English is difficult, innit?
Beautiful day, innit?
Where will you be?
I don't worry so much about my resume.
I speak English, Russian and Globish.
My cousin is a little older than I am.
Nobody is too old to learn.
Nobody was listening to the speech.
There were many rotten apples in the basket.
There were quite a few rotten apples in the basket.
She didn't let me in on her secret.
She didn't tell me her secret.
She had the nerve to speak out.
She'll love her husband forever.
Since I have a cold, I can't taste anything.
Since I have a cold, I have no sense of taste.
Why is a raven like a writing-desk?
Here come the police. Let's get out of here.
Water is important for people.
They all searched for the lost child.
They all looked for the lost child.
Would you like to go to a movie tomorrow night?
We don't have much snow here even in the winter.
Won't you come in and have a cup of tea?
Christopher Columbus once used the same joke 256 times in one day... thereby causing his entire crew to die of laughter.
You can buy it at any bookstore.
You should have studied harder.
You shouldn't have gone there.
It would have been better if you had not gone there.
Crap! I fell for his trap!
Do you like your new job?
You'd better not have drunk all the milk.
You'd better not have eaten the cake.
You'd better not have gone out with my girlfriend.
You'd better not have driven my car.
I live near her house, but I seldom see her.
I'd rather stay at home than go out.
The last leg of our journey will be the most difficult.
When one meets people online, one must be careful of wolves in sheep's clothing.
The returning soldiers were commended for their bravery in battle.
The two candidates were still neck and neck just hours before the polls opened.
The therapist finally got him to open up about what he went through during the war.
I'll have to get my parent's permission to go to the dance with you.
She was late to work because she overslept.
Please help yourself to the chocolate cake.
Your homework assignment has to be turned in by the 20th.
When I was a child, I was spanked if I did something wrong.
My brother is the proud father of a new baby boy.
He said that he had told you to speak more slowly.
He saw to it that there would be no more interruptions.
This restaurant is badly managed.
Man doesn't eat man.
He's my first love.
She's my first love.
Forgive me, my love.
Not all geniuses are engineers, but all engineers are geniuses. The set of all engineers is thus an, unfortunately proper, subset of all geniuses.
No stars could be seen in the sky.
I couldn't see any stars in the sky.
If you keep at it you will eventually succeed.
The distance between stars is measured in light years.
This road needs to be repaved.
Read the fine print whenever you take out a loan.
Don't show your face around here again.
My plans failed one after the other.
There's a soccer match tomorrow.
The soccer game is tomorrow.
Clear society of its evils.
Sooner or later, we'll know the truth.
Has the letter carrier been by yet?
Has the mailman already come?
The water is not potable.
Mr. Wilson is angry at Dennis.
My mother noticed that my feet weren't clean.
It sure would be nice if there were no exam...
That man should be sentenced to death.
Tatoeba: Where we try to be experts in our respective languages and... well, we try.
I'll bring the glasses.
We celebrate Tanabata in July.
We celebrate the Star Festival in July.
Every sentence in that book is important.
She is trying to lose weight.
She is dieting.
The prefectural police chief tried to tighten his police officers' discipline.
According to him, the president must not be turned into a caricature, the loss of authority and public order cannot be borne.
We are, her and I, in the same class.
She's got more books.
Could you go stand over there, Sir?
The pizza delivery guy hasn't come by yet.
After Sunday comes Monday.
The firefighters put out the fire in the blink of an eye.
Wanting to protect me from myself is about as ingenious as saving a fish from drowning.
He was in the process of meditating before the mandala when she entered the sauna.
Having crossed all the oceans of the world, he drowned himself in a glass of water.
I've crossed the seas of eternity to understand that the notion of time is nothing but an illusion.
"It's Dima!" Dima exclaimed. "Is your caller ID not working or something?"
Also, I've answered the question that you asked.
Reading your letter made me happy.
If you have questions, don't hesitate to ask.
I will do everything in my power to help.
Do you have some paper or something?
How do you explain that?
Please send me a letter.
No matter how much I rush it, miscellaneous work keeps piling up and I can't catch up with it.
Your short hair suits you.
I will explain it for you.
There's a secret passage on the left.
I've got to get the house in order, so I'm busy now.
Shall we start?
We get closer, trying to understand each other, but just hurt each other and cry.
This book is so easy that even a child can read it.
This word isn't used like that.
It's troublesome that Internet Explorer's stop icon looks like a shiitake mushroom.
These sentences only differ with respect to tense.
Nyotaimori is where food, like sashimi, is laid out on a naked woman.
Body sushi is where food, like sashimi, is laid out on a naked woman.
My name is Tamako, and yours is?
Remove the lower-most background layer.
Ask my lips.
The letter was written using business terms.
Aqua expresses the colour of clear water, it is a bright, and light, blue.
It is difficult to actually stand up against the flow.
Please look over me warmly.
As we drink, we open up to each other.
My dreams just get larger!
If you float a one yen coin on water and move a magnet slowly towards it then the coin will approach the magnet.
Half-hearted cutbacks that can't save money leave JAL's rehabilitation in doubt.
If you compare him with his older brother, you'll see the difference.
You can see the difference very easily.
You'll be able to see the difference very easily.
You can see the differences very easily.
You'll be able to see the differences very easily.
The parents named the baby Akiyoshi.
She cried until she ran out of tears.
I was born during the Showa era.
I'm a person who was born during the Showa era.
It's good for your health to get up early in the morning.
Moderate exercise is necessary for good health.
Cold, damp days are bad for your health.
Those girls are prostitutes.
Bob ate the snail, then vomited.
How many prefectures are there in Japan?
"Aix-la-Chapelle" is Aachen in German.
I won't smoke from today on.
There are 43 prefectures in Japan.
Thousands of foreigners visit Japan each year.
I had to refuse her offer.
All traffic was brought to a halt because of the accident.
To each group of people its language, and a second, common to all.
Everyone was invited, except for me.
How do babies breathe when they're in the uterus?
Babies grow up inside the amniotic fluid in the womb.
They say amniotic fluid has roughly the same composition as sea water.
How many grade four kanji have you memorised?
It's best to put covers on paperbacks.
Summer came, and it got really hot.
We went outside and saw Adil.
They went to the bus stop, and the bus took off.
He went to the bus stop, and the bus took off.
Either one of us has to go there.
She went to the bus stop, and the bus took off.
She looked ill.
I carelessly ran into the telegraph pole.
You smiled and, just like that, I was happy.
Christopher Columbus once accidentally ate a sea urchin. Then, he did it a second time... intentionally.
He truly is a prodigy.
My sister shelled the beans.
Were you able to find the book?
My sister was whistling merrily.
Break, break the walls between the peoples!
I was astonished to hear that he failed.
I'm lonely without you.
I don't trust businessmen.
What is your favorite sentence?
This desk is a little too low for me.
No matter who says so, I can't believe that.
He spent another sleepless night watching television.
My house is on the skirts of the town.
It isn't strange that the number of children decreases, too.
No thank you, I'm pregnant.
She put some money away for a rainy day.
Whose bicycle is that?
She has a tattoo of a lizard on her thigh.
I plan to work in a brothel.
I'm neither an Athenian nor a Greek.
A common misconception about Christopher Columbus is that he once impressed a tribe of natives by predicting the lunar eclipse. The truth of the matter is that he CAUSED it.
He has to fix the clock.
He has to repair the clock.
They are leaving Cairo today heading for Tel Aviv.
"Would you like something to drink?" "No, but thanks for offering."
There are only 80 Uyghurs in Switzerland.
She is not my mother but rather my oldest sister.
No matter what you say, I will never believe you.
My colleagues warmly welcomed me.
He is extremely strong.
I am not able to do that because I don't have enough money.
Youth adapt to things more quickly than the elderly.
I have one brother and two sisters.
He's rich, but he lives like a beggar.
He's often mistaken for a student.
A swarm of hornets attacked the children.
That factory manufactures toys.
That factory makes toys.
An own language for each nation and a second that's shared by all.
The East Asian economies were hit hard by energy price increases.
I don't remember mailing the letter.
His suit was gray and his tie was yellow.
I've spent 500 dollars in one day.
In Japan there are 43 prefectures, 2 urban prefectures, 1 circuit and a metropolis.
Haven't I met you before?
I like the one-sided view foreigners have of Japan. It makes me happy when ninjas, hentai anime, samurai and stuff like that come up.
My son looked for the other half of a pair of socks.
Recently, many young people have come to feel that they don't want to speak to strangers.
Don't make fun of people.
We don't have sugar.
"Dima?" the man that Dima called "Al-Sayib" asked. "I don't know any Dima. Sorry. I think you've got the wrong number."
We don't have any sugar.
In my secondary school days, I was much impressed by how my hospitalised grandfather would often tell the nurses there, "Thank you, I appreciate your help."
I think we've met before, but if I don't ring a bell, maybe I'm wrong.
My baby is also eight months old, is healthy and is growing by leaps and bounds.
We're coming up short on the head count!
Thanks for the good advice!
They caught the fox with a trap.
Using a trap, they caught the fox.
They trapped the fox.
If I'd known the truth, I'd have told you.
You are all diligent.
You must set off at once.
One Ring to rule them all.
Shiva Nazi doesn't have any photos yet.
Where is the railway station?
Please keep this secret.
The verb "to downdate" does not exist in the English lexicon, but let's go ahead and coin it anyway.
You are the only one who can carry the bag.
Where is the station?
He spends all his time chatting online on Jabber.
Wouldn't it be great if a gender-neutral pronoun for "he" or "she" existed in English?
One should not confuse education with job training.
If one were to use the pronoun "one" it would go a long way towards relieving the inconvenience of not having a gender-neutral pronoun in English.
She will without a doubt visit England this summer.
There's no doubt that she'll visit England this summer.
Even small drops striking constantly will bore through a granite mountain.
Where's the boss?
I sometimes watch TV.
You're my princess.
We spent a sybaritic week in Italy.
She must be visiting England this summer.
I have to find a part-time job.
No one can have three different birth dates.
Seahenge is a Bronze Age monument located near Holme-next-the-Sea in Norfolk.
They are rich Englishwomen on a trip to Italy.
At first they rejected the proposal, but a clergyman urged them to accept.
Lucy witnessed a murder in the main square of Florence.
Lucy accepted to marry a rich young man called Cecil.
Lucy decided to reveal her love.
She broke with Cecil before going to Greece.
Their kiss had been discovered by Charlotte.
After the murder, they had an intimate conversation.
The first part of the book is set in Florence.
The second part of the book is set in England.
In this book, lots of coincidences happen.
She loves Tom more than I do.
He played with his cat.
She took the pen and wrote the address.
He took the pen and wrote the address.
Either you or your friends are wrong.
It's no wonder you ask.
You cannot undo what has already been done.
At night, parents tuck their children into bed.
He has a checkered past.
I don't know how he can live with himself after what he did.
Is there any end in sight to the deepening economic crisis?
He ditched the car in an alley and took off running.
It finally got warm enough to go outside without a jacket.
I have fewer students in my class this year than last year.
"Huh?" Dima didn't understand. "But isn't this Al-Sayib? And aren't you drinking Fanta and telling noobs to shut up?"
She lent them a hand with their luggage.
These things I've told you I know from experience.
His decision to quit his old job and start his own business really paid off.
Certain religions are against organ donation.
I'm going through my closet to find clothes to give to charity.
Pope meets pedophile priest victims in London.
A rook is a chess piece.
The word "rook" comes from Sanskrit and means "chariot".
This is a Turkish tradition.
We have many varieties of coffee.
Parks are ideal for writing.
Frustrated with the European languages, which he considered "too boring", Christopher Columbus invented "Columbian", a language so complicated that only he could speak it.
This is the law of the jungle.
The mythical Kraken, thick as a ship and three times as wide, once made an attack on Christopher Columbus's fleet... giving Columbus no choice but to eat him.
Education is the key to success.
Either one of us will be chosen.
Don't give in to peer pressure.
Remarkably it disappeared within the blink of an eye.
Is it my turn?
Sure I can, although I can't really speak Shanghainese.
Look, there's a cat in the kitchen.
Some believe that the British Royal Family is directly descended from the line of King David.
I usually get up at 8.
Some creationists believe that Adam and Eve had no navels, and that the trees in the Garden of Eden had no growth rings.
What are you?
I have just changed my avatar photo.
Christopher Columbus once cut himself with a knife. It made him so angry that he then cut the knife... with himself.
The only reason why Ferdinand Magellan could claim to be the first man to sail across all of the world's meridians was because Christopher Columbus had chosen to swim.
It sounds like I'm going to school today.
"Michael" is a man's name, but "Michelle" is a woman's name.
The idea isn't bad.
Do not try to imitate her.
You can invite whomever you desire.
It's not good when vacation ends so fast.
Because of everyone's correct-mindedness, the rain stopped on the morning of the match day.
You must share your work with others.
This horse has beautiful big eyes.
Most scholars believe that the Tetragrammaton should be pronounced "Yahweh".
I'm looking for a certain old man.
I'm looking for a certain old woman.
That sick person's life is in danger.
Yes. She got an introduction from her previous doctor and transferred to this hospital.
Yes. She got an introduction from her previous doctor and transferred to another hospital.
Because of the change in Canadian marriage laws, many American homosexuals came to Canada to get married.
"Yes, that's me," said Al-Sayib. "But there's at least one of us in every country. And we all like Fanta, as well as putting noobs in their place."
The changes are being made as we speak.
Every author suffers from writer's block from time to time.
Cosmetic surgery is not covered by most insurance plans.
I just want to make sure that his offer has no strings attached.
Make sure to back up all your files.
We can all benefit from his experience.
It took a whole month to break in those new shoes.
That joke he told really cracked me up!
Every playground has its bully.
Did you see that video where President Obama kills a fly with his bare hands?
That kid's a chip off the old block.
I've been asked to give the eulogy at my grandmother's funeral.
We had to dip into our savings in order to pay the unexpected medical expenses.
They don't know each other very well.
Never take a blind man's arm. Let him take yours.
What she lacks in charisma she makes up for with hard work.
Who can tell me how a light bulb works?
He thinks he's God's gift to women.
We all grew up believing that everyone is entitled to their opinion, however, some now believe that all opinions are equal.
Tell her to call me.
The sentence you're reading doesn't exist.
Ironically, that old grammar rule that says "never end a sentence with a preposition" does just that!
She's not here to defend herself against these accusations.
We can only hope that the government decides to withdraw its troops.
In the kitchen, you're more apt to cut yourself with a dull knife than with a sharp one.
The American anthropologist Margaret Mead once said that one should never underestimate what a small group of dedicated people can accomplish.
That's hardly believable.
This sentence consists of seven words.
In 1492 Antonio de Nebrija said that language is the handmaiden of empire.
What a pain! It's almost 7p.m. and I still haven't finished the chemistry for tomorrow.
I can only gape at such perfection.
Their meeting was inevitable.
Christopher Columbus wasn't an explorer because he loved the sea. He was an explorer because he hated Spanish jails.
His crew members often complained of Christopher Columbus's hogging of their vessel's Wifi connection to play online games, but he denied these accusations with indignation, claiming that he was researching faraway lands that they had yet to discover.
In Germany, there's a superstition that if you light a cigarette off a candle, a sailor will die at sea.
That blow on the head knocked him out cold.
The bomb was defused just minutes before it would have exploded.
The tree was felled with one hard blow of his ax.
Both spellings are correct.
Have you given any more thought to what I told you?
This sentence doesn't mean anything.
I've always thought that rickshaws and sukiyaki were the most successful amongst the products made from what was imported from the West during the Meiji period.
Can anyone translate this sentence?
Elegance at all times.
You don't have an alibi for the day of the murder.
This is not a sentence.
It isn't possible to clear the snow from every road.
The sentence with the next highest number is true.
The sentence with the preceding number is false.
This here sentence consists of seven words.
Either one of you has to go there.
As a means to pass the time on his long journeys, Christopher Columbus once made a sentence with an infinite number of words.
Measure thrice, cut once.
I'm disturbing you.
"I see," Dima sighed. "Sorry for the confusion, then. Enjoy your Fanta, and have a good day."
You don't necessarily have to go there.
You don't necessarily have to go.
She can speak Spanish.
Ken has two cats.
This is basic.
These are the basics.
Once dismissed as an artificial language, Esperanto has gained the respect of a new generation of linguists, as the most successful planned language of all time.
You mean you really can't swim?
Mike has two girlfriends.
Forwards! Without stopping without fearing!
The race wasn't fair because the winner had a ten-second head start.
You're going to turn a lot of heads with that dress.
My grandpa lived to the ripe old age of 97.
We'll have a better chance of surviving if we stay calm.
She spent over half an hour plucking her eyebrows!
We lost sight of them over half an hour ago.
This is a very time-consuming task.
How did you come by all this money?
This railing is not as stable as it could be.
These oil fields have only begun to be tapped.
White carpets are very hard to keep clean.
These senseless killings will not go unpunished.
His behavior spoke volumes about his upbringing.
He stepped up to the plate and looked the pitcher straight in the eye.
A flock of birds whirled across the sky.
War is not an adventure. War is an illness. Like typhus.
Draw me a sheep.
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders.
She's making money hand over fist with the business she started.
I'm pretty good at math, but calculus is way over my head.
When an average person sends a message in a bottle, it's just a childish fantasy. When Christopher Columbus sends a message in a bottle, the fate of an entire country is at stake.
Lord Jesus Christ in heaven, please protect me.
Every Sunday afternoon, I go to the bazaar.
I go to the bazaar every Sunday afternoon.
Our boss organized today's clean-up.
We came into the office to find Emet and Erkin wiping the windows.
Tom was the very last to arrive.
Tom married an older woman.
I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
The number one reason why friends dump their friends on Facebook is too many useless posts.
When two armies oppose one another, those who can fight should fight, those who can't fight should guard, those who can't guard should flee, those who can't flee should surrender, and those who can't surrender should die.
I almost left my umbrella on the train.
I always keep promises.
I'm a vegetarian who eats a ton of meat.
A dot is a small spot.
I borrowed my father's hammer to build a dog house.
I can't help thinking my father is still alive.
I'm sure that my daughter will pass the exam.
I don't like bad children.
I don't blame you for the accident. It wasn't your fault.
It's out of the question!
No matter what you say, the answer is "no."
Not for all the tea in China!
She and her friends are mad about music.
I've lost my pin number!
I can't remember.
I don't remember.
He climbed Mt. Fuji.
I don't want to be seen with him.
I plan to see him on Monday.
I feel refreshed after taking a walk.
I allowed my horse run.
I gave the dog a bone. That stopped its barking.
I'll go to the hospital today.
I'll go to Kyoto.
I go to visit my friend in the hospital every other day.
I'll go to the park.
I grew up watching Pokemon.
"Well?" the impatient shopkeeper asked, once Dima had ended the call. "Is everything all set now?"
I ate breakfast in my pajamas.
I had lost a camera the previous day.
Dr. Zamenhof believed that a language belongs to the people who speak it which is why he never copyrighted Esperanto.
The least talented player will be kicked off the team.
In her book, "In the Land of Invented Languages," Arika Okrent speaks favourably about Esperanto.
We drank shochu at the karaoke bar.
I have a black dog and a white dog.
It feels horrible to be pitied.
Should we invite Dante to the party? No way!
That's the one thing I hadn't thought of.
How are air traffic controllers able to keep track of so many planes at once?
My cat peers bemusedly at her reflection in the water.
Nowadays, people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Corn is the most highly subsidized crop in America.
She looked as if she hadn't eaten in days.
Anyone taken into police custody is entitled, among other things, to a free phone call.
They talked me into staying a little longer.
It's fun to knead dough.
We all breathed a big sigh of relief.
I have a son and a daughter. My son is in New York, and my daughter is in London.
For a language to be international, it does not suffice to say that it is so.
You can use my car if you like.
Let us be fully aware of all the importance of this day, because today within the generous walls of Boulogne-sur-Mer have met not French with English, nor Russians with Polish, but people with people.
Let us consider the gravity of this day, for today inside the hospitable walls of Boulogne-sur-Mer, the French are not meeting the English, nor are Russians meeting Poles, but people are meeting people.
Christopher Columbus was notorious for repeatedly snoozing his alarm clock by hitting it with his fist. Unfortunately, his "alarm clock" was usually his first mate.
How's the writing coming along?
What have you been up to lately?
We helped them as well.
He goaded him on to ever more salacious revelations.
Sorry honey, I'm still stuck at the office.
It sounds like they're not going to leave.
What are you hinting at?
Why did you lie?
Will turkeys vote for Christmas?
Myanmar is ruled by a military dictatorship.
Christopher Columbus enjoyed the torrents of Pirate Bay and would often go surfing there.
No prob.
No problem.
"Honey, come to bed." "No, not yet. I still have to translate some sentences on Tatoeba."
He's a bit lively.
He's a bit energetic.
Rumor says he resigned.
It's a fledgling technology but it shows great promise.
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
For living the good life, the Germans say, "to live like God in France".
Sometimes, I think about the future, and I forget to breathe.
Christopher Columbus has never, ever needed a native check.
We can save on translations by giving it to an employee whose mother speaks that language. -- And I suppose you save on the cost of a doctor by seeing someone whose mother had been a doctor?
The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
The Spaniards are a friendly people.
Don't say, do.
Mireille Mathieu is one of France's best singers.
Wikipedia is the best encyclopedia on the Internet.
I don't understand all the soccer mania.
I'm taking a trip to Armenia next year.
Your nickname is quite lovely.
The participation of Muslims in politics is of fundamental importance to society.
I failed my blood test.
Singer and actress Selena Gomez started her career at age seven on the children's public television show "Barney and Friends."
Selena Gomez has just released her second album.
Selena Gomez's second album hit Billboard Magazine's top two hundred albums chart at number four.
Selena Gomez and the Scene also had good luck with their first album, "Kiss and Tell." It has sold more than a million copies around the world.
Selena Gomez grew up in Grand Prairie, Texas.
Selena Gomez is of Mexican and Italian ancestry.
Selena Gomez was named after the Tejano singer Selena.
In 2009, Selena Gomez became the youngest person to be named a United Nations Children's Fund Ambassador in the United States.
Maciek died in December.
Roger Miller was born on January 2, 1936 in the western city of Fort Worth, Texas.
Roger Miller's father died when he was only one year old and his mother became sick soon after, so he was sent to live with his uncle in Erick, Oklahoma.
Roger Miller learned to play the guitar and the violin. Much later, he learned to play the drums.
Roger Miller began writing songs because he loved the music he heard on the radio.
Roger left the farm when he was still very young.
Roger traveled from town to town in the west.
The song "Dang Me" was written and recorded by Roger Miller in 1965.
"Dang Me" wasn't the first song Roger Miller had written, but it was his first huge hit record.
Roger worked at any job he could find during the day.
At night, Roger went to music clubs and drinking places where country and western bands played. These places provided him with a music education.
Roger Miller entered the United States Army at the age of seventeen. He was sent to an army base near Atlanta, Georgia.
When he left the Army, Roger Miller moved to the home of country music in Nashville, Tennessee.
Roger liked writing songs. He also liked to perform his own songs on the stage.
In 1969, Roger Miller recorded a song called "You Don't Want My Love." Today, this song is better known as "In the Summer Time." It's the first song he wrote and sang that became popular.
In 1964, Roger Miller agreed to record sixteen songs. One of those songs was "Dang Me." It became his first number one selling record.
Roger Miller's "Dang Me" was a hit with country music fans and with popular music fans too. It sold millions of copies.
Roger Miller became very popular because of the success of the songs "Dang Me" and "Chug-A-Lug."
One of Roger Miller's biggest hits was "King of the Road."
Roger Miller died of lung cancer in 1992.
"No..." Dima sighed. "I think I called the wrong country. Let me try the other 960s."
The word "gullible" is not in the dictionary.
Man is kind enough when he is not excited by religion.
Religion consists in a set of things which the average man thinks he believes, and wishes he was certain.
God's inhumanity to man makes countless thousands mourn.
None of us can be as great as God, but any of us can be as good.
All gods are better than their conduct.
God, so atrocious in the Old Testament, so attractive in the New - the Jekyl and Hyde of sacred romance.
The Koran does not permit Mohammedans to drink. Their natural instincts do not permit them to be moral.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him till he emerges on the other side of his Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
A dream... I was trying to explain to St. Peter, and was doing it in the German tongue, because I didn't want to be too explicit.
I don't believe there is anything in the whole earth that you can't learn in Berlin except the German language.
Never knew before what eternity was made for. It is to give some of us a chance to learn German.
I can understand German as well as the maniac that invented it, but I talk it best through an interpreter.
How charmed I am when I overhear a German word which I understand!
The Germans have an inhuman way of cutting up their verbs. Now a verb has a hard time enough of it in this world when it's all together. It's downright inhuman to split it up. But that's just what those Germans do. They take part of a verb and put it down here, like a stake, and they take the other part of it and put it away over yonder like another stake, and between these two limits they just shovel in German.
If the man doesn't believe as we do, we say he is a crank, and that settles it. I mean, it does nowadays, because now we can't burn him.
The people united will never be defeated!
Political pundits have begun weighing in on the president's speech.
Customer satisfaction is our number one priority.
He pleaded with his mother to let him go to the party.
All the sweet talk was just a ruse to get her into bed.
My shoelaces came untied as I was walking down the street.
I like my cookies chewy rather than crunchy.
In the 1980s an opera production of "Hansel and Gretel" caused a furor because the part of the Witch was played by a man; nobody seemed to care that the part of Hansel, a trouser role, was played by a woman.
Nothing I heard at the meeting made me change my mind.
She waits tables for a living.
I can't get the cap off this bottle.
The ashtray was brimming with cigarette butts.
Scissors are meant for cutting but can also be used to stab.
The dog-eared pages made the book less valuable.
I use ordinary slips of paper as bookmarks.
The Miss Universe contestant tripped on her gown but got up again gracefully and continued down the runway.
Pharamp wants Trang all for herself.
Christopher Columbus once stared at Medusa, and Medusa turned to stone.
Wounds heal as time passes.
Irish folklore has it that there is a pot of gold at the end of every rainbow.
It's difficult to breathe when humidity is high.
The ship of fools was a popular allegory in medieval art and literature.
The books will be shipped out tomorrow before closing.
On December 13, 1981 martial law was declared in Poland.
The construction of the dam created an artificial lake that destroyed a whole ecosystem.
Man, that's hard!
The book was published in 1689.
The flame flickered for a moment, then died out.
The book was split along its spine.
He bailed on us just when we needed him.
That building was erected five years ago, I think.
In the U.S., they often mistake me for a Chinese person.
He's learning Chinese.
It doesn't sound like I will get any rest.
It doesn't sound like I'll get any rest.
It sounds like they're going to Kashgar.
It sounds like he's going to Kashgar.
It sounds like she's going to Kashgar.
It sounds like he is going to Kashgar.
It sounds like she is going to Kashgar.
It doesn't sound like you'll be working today.
It sounds like you won't be working today.
I sometimes have pain in my stomach.
I have an older brother and two younger sisters.
Once, I got lost inside a tree.
I've only had two or three drinks.
I've seen that movie before.
It is very interesting to learn Esperanto.
It is not easy to speak English.
Her being fired was a real slap in the face after everything she did for the company.
The soldiers are shipping off tomorrow.
You can always find baked goods somewhere on my grocery list.
The two old men while away the time playing cards.
Owners of red sports cars pay higher insurance rates.
How did it happen?
Recently I found new dictionaries, in other languages.
Wine is poetry put into a bottle.
Don't drink so much beer.
Your hand is as cold as ice.
How about another beer?
How about a beer?
All my cakes are delicious!
We still have a lot of time.
I like English better than Math.
The moon is pretty in the fall.
Tom is happy as a flea.
Her name often slips my memory.
Some programmers seem to forget that writing good documentation is as important, if not more important, as writing a good program.
I have three brothers. One lives in Japan and the other two live abroad.
Tom is happy as a clam.
You can leave your hat on.
I have to hurry to the station to catch the last train.
I'm not disturbing you, am I?
I had hoped that my mother would live until I got married.
I have 13 cats.
In order to make a phone call, I put my hand in my pocket and searched for a coin.
I left my briefcase on the bus.
I left your umbrella on the bus.
I like taking walks.
I made some mistakes on the test.
I'm majoring in economics.
I'm flying to Hanoi tomorrow.
After that, I'll leave for Saigon.
Beer is prohibited before 4:00.
What is the cost of a beer?
How much is a beer?
I must finish reading that book by tomorrow.
I need it right away.
Where is the closest metro stop?
Methodically, Dima tried dialing numbers from 962 to 965, but always ended up with the wrong Al-Sayib, though each liked Fanta and disliked noobs.
The work was completed in under half an hour.
Angry at Leif Ericson for stealing his thunder 500 years before, Christopher Columbus once wrote a rigorous mathematical proof that showed how Ericson had never actually been to North America. Unfortunately, the proof was too difficult for even the brightest mathematicians to understand.
I often help my sister do her homework.
Wipe your tears.
Personal hygiene is very important.
Robots shouldn't need roborants.
If my robot goes on a rant, can that also be called a "roborant"?
You are kindly requested to meet me soon.
I heard that you're not going home either.
These are boys and those are girls.
It sounds like you have class on Saturdays as well.
It sounds like you will have class on Saturday as well.
He pulled a very young girl.
I hear that you have a meeting today.
I hear that you'll have a meeting today.
I heard that you're not coming.
I came into the room to find her watching TV.
I came into the room to find him watching TV.
He's antisocial.
I saw that you were still sleeping when I went off to work.
London is their second home.
My house is close to the school.
In German, compound words are written as one word!
She loves me dearly.
Don't beat about the bush. I want you to answer my question.
All of them are from Iceland.
The flat was furnished in the Victorian style.
All of them come from Iceland.
Have you gone completely mad?
She had a healthy baby.
He has no interest in art whatsoever.
We really need more American slang on Tatoeba, stat!
We really need more American slang on Tatoeba, pronto!
Don't be too strict. They're just kids.
The room key, please.
I spent ten dollars on a book.
Are you in a good mood?
My name is Ahmad.
We had neither known nor heard about it.
The birch leaves have already turned yellow.
Upon finding out about the others' success, she turned green with envy.
Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration, without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status.
Furthermore, no distinction shall be made on the basis of the political, jurisdictional or international status of the country or territory to which a person belongs, whether it be independent, trust, non-self-governing or under any other limitation of sovereignty.
Everyone has the right to life, liberty and the security of person.
No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment.
Everyone has the right to recognition everywhere as a person before the law.
All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law. All are entitled to equal protection against all types of discrimination in violation of this Declaration and against any incitement to any form of discrimination.
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law.
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal, in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him.
Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence.
No one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence, under national or international law, at the time when it was committed. Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed.
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence, nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation. Everyone has the right to the protection of the law against such interference or attacks.
I became esperantist a few years ago.
I think I'll buy this tie.
Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State.
I think it's possible for people to live on the moon.
Miho plays the piano better than Noriko.
Everyone has the right to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country.
Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.
This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.
Everyone has the right to a nationality.
No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality.
Men and women of full age, without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right to marry and to found a family. They are entitled to equal rights as to marriage, during marriage and at its dissolution.
Marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses.
The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled to protection by society and the State.
Everyone has the right to own property alone as well as in association with others.
No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his property.
Everyone has the right to freedom of thought, conscience and religion; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief, and freedom, either alone or in community with others and in public or private, to manifest his religion or belief in teaching, practice, worship and observance.
Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression; this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference and to seek, receive and impart information and ideas through any media and regardless of frontiers.
Everyone has the right to freedom of peaceful assembly and association.
No one may be compelled to belong to an association.
Everyone has the right to take part in the government of his country, directly or through freely chosen representatives.
Everyone has the right of equal access to public service in his country.
The will of the people shall be the basis of the authority of government; this will shall be expressed in periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures.
Everyone, as a member of society, has the right to social security and is entitled to realization, through national effort and international co-operation and in accordance with the organization and resources of each State, of the economic, social and cultural rights indispensable for his dignity and the free development of his personality.
Everyone has the right to work, to free choice of employment, to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment.
I think watching TV is a waste of time.
Everyone, without any discrimination, has the right to equal pay for equal work.
I think that it was probably last Friday.
Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity, and supplemented, if necessary, by other means of social protection.
Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests.
Everyone has the right to rest and leisure, including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay.
Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services, and the right to security in the event of unemployment, sickness, disability, widowhood, old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control.
Motherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance. All children, whether born in or out of wedlock, shall enjoy the same social protection.
Everyone has the right to education. Education shall be free, at least in the elementary and fundamental stages. Elementary education shall be compulsory. Technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit.
Education shall be directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms. It shall promote understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations, racial or religious groups, and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace.
Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.
Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits.
Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.
Everyone is entitled to a social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration can be fully realized.
Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible.
I feel for what you're going through.
He kept shifting his weight from one foot to the other.
Rasputin had the whole Russian court under his spell.
In the exercise of his rights and freedoms, everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just requirements of morality, public order and the general welfare in a democratic society.
Let me spell it out for you.
These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.
No one spoke up in his defense.
You have to have a lot of stamina to be an Olympic athlete.
His supervisor gave him a sterling recommendation.
The stranger strangled the stranded stripper.
My coworker really knows how to suck up to the boss.
I can't shake the feeling that there's someone else in the house with us.
I'm going to show you my new car.
The debate about intellectuals bounces back.
I'm on campus at the moment.
She let me penetrate her.
I went all over her curves, all night, without wearying.
Herman Melville is one of my favorite writers.
I'm looking through his report.
There was a piano in the room, but no one was playing it.
When did you come back from London?
He's my friend.
I'd hang the people who did this to me on a meat hook.
The most effective means for the propagation of Esperanto is the fluent and elegant use of this language.
I'd be content if you paid me with cash.
He and I often chat on the bus.
They speak English in Australia.
Europeans love to drink wine.
The boy gave me a bow.
I don't have an opportunity to get a new car.
This is a scientist who is respected by all.
This is a scientist whom everyone respects.
He took a book off the shelf.
He took a book from the bookshelf.
My father and I go fishing once in a while.
I parted with my friend at the train station.
I parted with a friend at the train station.
Some friends invited me to dinner.
If he had been a real friend, he wouldn't have betrayed you, now would he?
We're learning Chinese.
We're studying Chinese.
He's studying Chinese.
Ask only "yes" or "no" questions.
Only ask questions to which the reply can be either "yes" or "no".
He wrote a book while in China.
I sometimes meet up with him at the club.
Everything happened exactly as I had thought.
Everything was as exactly as I had thought it would be.
You need Bus Number Five.
He held off the attackers long enough for reinforcements to arrive.
What are you preparing?
I need to have a talk with you.
He lived a lonely life in the forest.
The problem isn't so much the money as it is the time.
She's in the bathroom.
One more time.
I didn't hear anything.
Tom likes tomatoes?
Am I mistaken?
Where's the closest pharmacy?
What's the name of this bird?
What is this bird called?
This won't help you.
Almost three.
Nearly three.
Measure seven times, cut once.
This is really delicious.
I'd like to go to France.
I don't know when he got back from France.
That's all I know.
This is all that I know.
What does this have to do with my future?
We'll be on the road for a total of five days.
I'm not kidding.
For centuries Cracow was the capital of Poland.
I saw him with my own eyes.
Someone opened the door.
Somebody opened the door.
Time is the best medicine.
My first computer had only 128 kilobytes of memory!
Ph.D. is an abbreviation of the Latin phrase - philosophiae doctoratum.
Get rid of that heap of old newspapers.
On our first date he popped out his cell phone and started texting someone. I couldn't believe it!
Unwittingly, he told her exactly what she wanted to know.
We waded into the cold water inch by inch.
I don't remember how tall you are.
The watch is slow.
The clock is slow.
Christopher Columbus disliked Spanish brothels, as he found them dirty and too expensive. Instead, he would go out to sea, get lured in - on purpose - by the Siren's song, and then have a rocking good time.
Spread your legs apart.
Nobody had ever heard of it.
Italian is my mother tongue.
It's a direct flight from Tokyo to London.
You don't know how much I love you.
We don't have the same values.
We don't share the same values.
I only saw the apple.
Since it's written in simple English, this book is easy to read.
Shit, I blew a fuse!
Correcting one another, we will all improve our Esperanto.
If a coach is on a couch that's on a coach and the latter has a driver, then all is fine. If a coach is on a couch that's on a coach, but the driver drives the former, then the couch is crushed and the coach is dead.
I think there's a mistake on my bill.
I wonder what I should get you for your birthday.
His birthday is May 5th.
That book is thick, but it's not very expensive.
I want to visit Korea.
My daughter caught a cold.
At night all cats are grey.
What is the tallest mountain in Europe?
The Shinanogawa river is the longest river in Japan.
Satoru is the fastest runner out of the five of us.
If I go to China, it would be for the purpose of speaking Chinese as much as possible.
I often read comic books in my spare time at work.
I've just been to the post office to send a package.
Would it be OK if I took a vacation next week?
May I take some time off next week?
I don't like either of the pictures.
I want to quit my current job.
I'll take a vacation this week.
Tell him that I have perished and that my cadaver is now being used by medical students at a leading Catholic university.
If you stop every time a dog barks, your road will never end.
The camel marches while the dogs bark.
A man fails seven times and rises eight times.
Do not start if afraid, once begun do not be afraid.
Each country's customs are different, just as each meadow's grass is different.
Don't undo your bootlaces until you have seen the river.
Greed keeps men forever poor, even the abundance of this world will not make them rich.
If mind is clean, fate is good.
If you endeavour, fate will favour you.
It is easier to catch an escaped horse than to take back an escaped word.
One idiot can ask more questions than ten wise men can answer.
The government of South Africa can no longer suppress the movement to recognize equal rights for black people.
The two poems express human suffering.
Rich is he who has no debts, fortunate he who lives without illness.
Times are not always the same, the grass is not always green.
Meet lots of people while your father is still alive, go to many places while your horse is still strong.
Wise men talk about ideas, intellectuals about facts, and the ordinary man talks about what he eats.
You can't put two saddles on the same horse.
If you drink the water, follow the custom.
The supreme treasure is knowledge, the middle treasure is children, and the lowest treasure is material wealth.
I started this topic.
I started this thread.
I don't love you anymore.
The company has rapidly branched out from its previous core business in recent years.
Who's this dapper young man?
This is my sister.
I asked many people about the store, but no one had heard of it.
I want to visit South Korea.
How did you learn about that news?
My father walks.
My mother makes cakes.
By the time that he tried 966, Dima was beginning to give up hope.
I would really appreciate a glass of cold beer.
She despises people who lie.
Could an almighty god create a stone that he would not be able to subsequently lift?
Christopher Columbus demanded that an entire "Columbus Week" be set aside to celebrate his glory, but in the end only got a day, and only in America.
I've never seen such a big dog.
A wily hunter, Christopher Columbus once donned a red riding hood and went into the forest. Without a doubt, he attracted the Big Bad Wolf, grabbed him, and dragged the screaming wolf back to his ship.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
So far there has been only one participant who won one million Israeli Shekels in "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire" in Israel.
They live in a council house.
Had he been there, would you have wanted to come?
There used to be a fireplace here but I guess it's been torn down.
According to some sources, Noam Chomsky is the most cited living author.
I can neither confirm nor deny the rumors.
All her carefully made plans began to unravel one by one.
A bead of sweat started forming on his brow.
There are many latent gays among rampant homophobes.
At first glance this is not a bad idea.
I told you to open the hood, not the trunk.
The smoke rose from the campfire and wafted silently through the pine trees.
Whatever goes up must come down.
In the end, I had to fork over $500 for that antique radio.
My wife went to the powder room to freshen up.
I'm a little low on cash right now.
He went around spreading lies about her.
I love to hear a grandfather clock chime.
I don't know why we say it like that, we just do.
Being bald has at least one advantage - you save a lot on shampoo.
She's inquisitive by nature.
The government is redesigning the currency to try and cut down on counterfeiting.
She practiced curtsying in the mirror in preparation for her meeting with the queen.
A vigilante bypasses the law and takes matters into his own hands.
Do teenagers still make out in the back seats of cars?
He muttered something under his breath.
Victory and defeat aren't solely decided by the size of your army.
I've tried calling him all day, but the line is busy.
Does Betty's son know that his mother is a serial killer?
According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word 'set' has 430 different meanings or senses.
Why didn't she come yesterday?
Don't forget to tell the porter to carry our luggage.
Have you already chosen?
Have you already voted?
Do you have one-day tours?
Do you speak Hebrew?
Do I have to answer in English?
What's your first name?
What is your first name?
He sings so well that it's impossible to hold back tears.
Foreign accent syndrome is an as-yet unexplained medical condition where the patient can no longer pronounce his mother tongue correctly and seems to have a foreign accent.
My neighbours who built their house upon a rock ended up with a damp basement.
I can't reach the skylight.
Please do not forget.
They say that on Columbus Day, Christopher Columbus's ghost rises up from its grave and flies around the world, punishing the bad boys and girls who don't believe in Christopher Columbus.
The sunset is soon.
The dog is smart.
Bananas are yellow.
You're really something.
This is a car.
On my mother's side of the family, I have three male cousins.
That's exactly what it means!
I'm watching that TV over there.
I am disillusioned with you.
After listening to an Arabic song for twenty seconds this time - for if he listened for ten this would be a duplicate sentence - Dima finally heard a familiar voice say, "As-Salamu Alaykum!"
Spread your wings and fly away.
Though very outspoken, purists do not comprise the majority on Tatoeba.
Languages should not be used, for that would adulterate their beauty. Rather, they should be cryogenically frozen and observed in silence.
Doctor, I'd... like to talk to you about something. I think that my English is riddled with usage problems, and I just don't know what I should do.
I hate reptiles.
My father stopped drinking.
Has your father arrived yet?
Look! The train has arrived!
I write everything down; I feel uneasy without my notebook.
I have time, so I'll do it.
Come quickly.
I was really tired so I went to bed early.
Professor Hiroshi Ishiguro of Osaka University invented a telenoid which could replace mobile phones in the future.
Why didn't you listen to his advice?
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen!
I wish for your success.
I pray for your success.
I hope you have a successful performance.
I don't mind if I do!
Organic food is usually more expensive.
Time heals almost everything. Give time, time.
Canadian Thanksgiving Day and Columbus Day in the USA coincide, so Esperanto speakers from both countries take this opportunity to have an international meeting.
Catch me if you can.
I've been thinking about it the entire day.
The murder charge was reduced to manslaughter.
The lawyer warned his client against testifying, but he did it anyway.
He wrung out the dish towel and hung it up to dry.
The shooting victim is alive, but just barely.
The lawyer appealed to the jury's sense of justice.
Everybody knows she married him for his money.
He bribed the judge and got off scot-free.
For being such an expensive wine, it really should taste better than this.
The small town, abandoned long ago, seems frozen in time.
Jesus is said to have raised a man from the dead.
She has only bitter memories of her time with them.
What's all that racket?
He sold us out.
The FBI secretly bugged the mobster's hangout.
If we stay here, we'll be sitting ducks.
The murder scene was a grisly sight.
Vandals wreaked havoc in the abandoned house.
The traffic crept along at a snail's pace.
The populace was in thrall to the dictator's whims.
Some fish are able to change their gender.
The Dalai Lama counsels the practice of compassion.
He fell for her big time.
Did you ask after her? What did she say?
Why is it so difficult to establish that the nervous cell is the basic unit for the nervous tissue?
There's a spirit sickness among the Uyghurs.
You didn't eat the cake I made; your sister did.
Don't mind if I do!
So the Father is God, the Son is God, and the Holy Ghost is God. And yet they are not Three Gods, but One God.
It's the truth.
You really expressed yourself quite clearly.
The sight of the centipede on the wall was enough to make my skin crawl.
I've heard that you can kill werewolves by shooting them with silver bullets.
In German, nouns are always capitalised.
We think the world of you.
Keep working hard!
It's easier to ask for forgiveness than to get permission.
Wine is bottled poetry.
Let me go ahead and answer your question.
I slowly got down the Uyghur language.
Only a Sith would appreciate the lack of compromise inherent in a prime number.
His teaching methods are highly unorthodox.
Christopher Columbus once met Betty, but did NOT get murdered.
I need a doctor, where can I find one near here?
Why did you decide to affiliate yourself with Company A?
Takada is the richest out of all of us.
Come fall asleep in my arms.
If only I were as handsome as he is.
When they hear 'Japanese-style room,' most people probably think of a tatami room.
She gets prettier day by day.
We eat here.
Good people can be found anywhere.
The bread dough we made in home economics class turned out as salt dough.
My new class starts today.
My teeth are totally healthy and free of problems.
He is the same famous actor who recently won an award.
I am not sure whether I will be able to come with you.
I can't help but laugh when I think about that.
Everybody row in concert!
Sorry I startled you!
There's the island of my dreams!
She is a good, milk-bearing cow!
Hurry, or you won't get to the movie theater in time!
We really need a man like you here.
What time was it when you entered the building?
Is there a large flower shop there?
He threw everything out of the boat.
The lake is certainly swimmable, but there's no point to swimming in it.
Nobody can hear you there.
Don't come in here, please!
Look at what she brought for my birthday party!
Don't go in there, it's a dead-end street.
His apprehension greatly hinders his progress.
Both quantity and quality are important in most cases.
He accommodated us all for the entire week in his little house.
Never forget to lock the door.
Even if I wanted to, I couldn't do that.
Where a tooth aches, there goes the tongue.
My mother set the table.
I slept with my boss.
Cling film is made from polyethylene.
Jane was angry.
There are more sweets in this shop than in that one.
They are selling fish and meat.
As far as I know, he's an excellent student.
A trip by boat takes more time than one by car.
When two people are forced into a marriage of convenience, they will be an unhappy, bickering couple until the very end.
The cleaning lady interrupted the conversation.
A cheetah can run as fast as 70 miles per hour.
I want a friend.
He slipped on a banana peel.
"Walakum-us-Salam, Al-Sayib!" Dima replied, but raised the volume on his phone this time, so as to avoid making this a duplicate sentence. "What are you up to these days?"
It's easy.
Christopher Columbus abhorred historical inaccuracies.
Aliens are often depicted with dark, almond-shaped eyes.
My body aches all over.
He received a sizable advance for his book.
The recent events have affected him deeply.
He turned with a vengeance against the religion he was brought up in.
For many gay men, coming out of the closet is a difficult experience.
If you listen closely enough you'll be able to hear it.
She's been living for the last five years under an assumed name.
The scale seems to be off by two pounds.
When I was in high school, I used to earn extra money babysitting.
The newborn chicks still have not opened their eyes.
He was surrounded by a throng of reporters.
There are a lot of breweries in Bavaria.
Which foods are rich in calories and which aren't?
All that is needed for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing.
Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
Between you and me, he has a shallow way of thinking.
I can't find a single flaw in her theory.
I can't find a single flaw in his theory.
It was a mistake to refuse her aid.
It was a mistake to refuse his assistance.
Up until now, they've been good neighbors.
My gums bleed.
To arms!
A car is a must for life in the suburbs.
She's well stacked.
The United Kingdom is comprised of England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
Germany is a parliamentary democracy.
I prefer milk to juice.
More than 3,000 people were at the concert.
I'm dubious about claims to speak more than five languages fluently.
It's not easy to thread a needle.
Esperanto is an international planned language.
The sudden gust of wind filled the sails and lurched the boat forward.
A flea can jump 200 times its own height.
I'm undecided as of yet.
That doesn't cut the mustard.
He tried wooing her with love poems.
The wedding will be held in a 17th century church.
I'm famished!
I wasn't present at the meeting.
Participation is voluntary and free of charge.
His grandparents hail from Silesia.
I was what you are; you'll be what I am.
The dignity of man is inviolable. To respect and protect it is the duty of all state authority.
Your shoes are untied.
The next stop is "Berlin Central Station".
He was a freethinker.
I can't make myself heard above the din.
It is considered bad form for a comic book character to break the fourth wall.
Because it's difficult for the Chinese to learn Esperanto.
She raised an important objection to his argument.
This tastes moldy.
Back in the day, we'd go out and do all kinds of illegal stuff.
Daniel thanked the policemen.
You can express the sentence this way.
I got a piece of lead for my mechanical pencil from her.
Traveling makes people knowledgeable.
Make that book your basis.
You better buy that book.
Do you want a drink?
I would kill for a plate of polo right now.
Surrounded by hordes of vampires, Christopher Columbus once had an epic sword duel with Count Dracula in the latter's castle. After the Count cut off Columbus's hand, Columbus calmly picked it up, put it back in place, and proceeded to best the Count.
Someone told me that Albert Einstein said, "Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen."
A small gain is better than a great loss.
She is taller than her sister.
Neither joy nor sorrow can last forever.
Although she is rich, she dresses quite simply.
It's all or nothing.
Yes or no?
Come sin with me.
Come sing with me.
Come swing with me.
Come swim with me.
I won't go in.
Aren't they Englishmen?
"Dima?!" Al-Sayib was so shocked that he dropped his Fanta on his computer, thereby ruining his noob hunt. "Dima?! Is that really you?!"
He's going to get fired.
You're ten times heavier than I am.
He's a fast walker.
He likes tigers.
Did you pick up on that strange tone in his voice?
If I could, I would let every caged bird fly free.
Have you ever walked through a graveyard at midnight?
He was disappointed.
Masha dreams of starting a revolution, but is too shy.
Christopher Columbus's "The Idiot's Guide to Killing a Shark Barehanded" and "The Twenty Ways to Strangle a Giant Squid" both went on to become bestsellers.
So, what else is new?
I will go to the sea, but you, on the other hand, will go to school.
He couldn't corral his anger.
He got his comeuppance.
My students have been eagerly awaiting the test results.
He zones out in front of the TV for hours on end.
This diary belonged to the girl who lived in besieged Leningrad.
What's the big deal about checking my email every 15 minutes?
A child of just five was hit by a bicycle.
I'm back.
At that time, bicycles were just starting to get popular and, here and there, there were many unskilled beginners who ran into people and broke through their hedges.
I thought you'd be happy to see me.
The Devil made me do it.
You lucky devil!
Sorry, I didn't know you were still here.
They all stood up at the same time.
A long time ago, around here, a nice schoolteacher called Matsumoto tried to rescue one of his pupils, but on the contrary he ended up drowning.
The locals call this river the man-eating river and fear it.
He saw the accident on his way to school.
He witnessed the accident on his way to school.
The ATM has swallowed my debit card.
It was in 1832 that Evariste Galois fell in love with Stephanie-Felicie Poterin du Motel.
This music brought me to tears.
I remember having met him in Paris.
You changed the size?
I listen to Nick Drake's singing and I wonder, whether one should want to die for beauty.
The flimsy stalls in this restroom offer very little privacy.
We are his children.
In the end, he recognized his own mistakes.
In the end, we got to the lake.
In the end, we got the information.
I want to find another way out of the situation, although this one isn't that bad either.
It is imperative that we find another way out of this situation.
You need to find another way out of this situation.
I'm obliged to find a way out of the resulting situation.
I need to find a way out.
This music's annoying everyone.
This music puts one to sleep.
Did you hear the noise?
If you promise something, keep your word.
Don't make promises that you cannot keep.
My son wants to become a professional golf player.
We're forced to look for another way out of this situation.
For our singing lessons, we would go to the music school across the road.
This climate is having a bad effect on your health.
I don't have time to be sick.
You got better because you did everything the doctor asked.
What will become of his children after his death?
He made a sharp turn to the left.
Germany shares a border with the Netherlands.
When did you first meet him?
The storm became even more violent.
If you have questions, ask away.
How big you've gotten!
I don't feel like working today, so let's go play soccer.
Miho plays piano better than Noriko.
For how long have you been studying Esperanto?
This ticket is valid for two days after purchase.
The plane arrived exactly at nine.
It seems that Ali is very interested in Myrmecology.
Both victory and defeat are but an everyday occurrence to a soldier.
A person who likes no one is much sadder than someone, whom no one likes.
You absolutely may not cut pictures out of the books on the bookcase.
Yikes!
All of the sugar has fallen to the ground.
They go shopping.
They'll go shopping.
In old age, even the devil would enter the monkhood.
Kublai Khan is the grandson of Genghis Khan.
Kublai Khan established the Yuan Dynasty in 1271.
As the Mongol Emperor who welcomed Marco Polo to China, Kublai Khan became a legend in Europe.
Please turn down the volume.
You'll need an Allen key to open it.
"Could it be...?" Dima wondered. "Did I finally get the right Al-Sayib?"
It's as good as finished.
Foot-and-mouth disease is highly contagious.
Optimists capsize easily.
Keep your eyes peeled!
I'm wondering what will happen if I push this button.
She was livid.
The football game is now being broadcast.
How did you arrive? - By foot.
We, the Japanese, now feed ourselves with rice.
A function that is both quasiconvex and quasiconcave is quasilinear.
Look at that handsome boy.
The people from Madrid are crazy.
Quality is more important than quantity.
Did your wish come true?
No two snowflakes are exactly alike.
From above the river looks like a serpent slithering through the jungle.
I know you see it, but are you really looking at it?
Go talk to Jane. She'll back up everything I've said.
Is Mr. Johnson in?
I once saw a man walk barefoot over hot coals.
I can spot a bleached blonde from a mile away.
Don't let anything stand between you and success.
You should let the wine breathe for a few minutes before drinking it.
Maybe we should call the whole thing off.
The difference between a strictly quasilinear function and a quasilinear function is that, in the second case, the finite difference between two random points may be equal to zero.
This algorithm doesn't converge.
Your "proof" is sophistic.
Kiss me.
We were two, but only had one heart.
The laugh is always on the loser.
Time is money.
Your ignorance is a byproduct of your arrogance.
In Valencia they speak Valencian and Spanish.
I took over the business from my father.
Blow me down!
David Beckham is English.
The smell of macaroni and cheese makes me nauseous.
The death penalty is final and irreversible.
I've been given permission to inspect this equipment.
Why do physicists converge? Because they're monotonous and narrow.
A liter of milk contains about thirty grams of protein.
How long has it been since you played with a yo-yo?
Look how they all speak ill of me behind my back because I married a woman thirty years younger than me.
They get nervous.
He has a pithy remark for every occasion.
He was sentenced to death by firing squad.
The judge handed down a sentence of five years hard labor.
We are the people.
Don't let the dog in.
Dutch is a Low Franconian language.
Danish is recognised as a protected minority language in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.
This lawn mower runs on petrol.
She's very happy-go-lucky.
Have you finished packing your bags for your trip to China?
Esperanto is blatantly Eurocentric.
There was once a time when most people didn't know who Christopher Columbus was, but then he was born.
In his essay "Esperanto: European or Asiatic language" Claude Piron has shown the similarities between Esperanto and Chinese, thereby putting to rest the notion that Esperanto is purely eurocentric.
He's a master of provocation.
You do not use the words "China" and "copyright" in the same sentence. You just don't.
But goddammit where did I put those rechargeable batteries?
I don't think that those damn batteries are in this damn drawer.
I will have to be away for some time.
If you have the least problem, you can contact me by email, or if it's really urgent, come and meet me in my office.
I have to take a shower.
He will be here soon.
This dog has a keen sense of smell.
Ali is my brother.
"Sphygmomanometer" is one of my favorite words to try to say out loud.
They adjudged him guilty.
The electric trains have taken the place of airplanes.
Tatoeba's popularity has been growing exponentially since the day of its inception.
The mother fell into deep thought.
"Just where are you, Dima?!" Al-Sayib asked, getting a towel to wipe the spilled Fanta.
Some translators changed Alice's name to Sonya or Anya, even though Alisa is a widespread Russian name.
I'm a policeman.
I want to draw your attention toward last quarter's results which are very encouraging.
Most of the time, he doesn't get to sleep before two or even three o'clock in the morning.
Tomorrow will be the first time I take the plane, incredible, no?
They say most airplane accidents occur at landing or takeoff stages.
I love the sun.
Don't talk to him about politics because it's like a red rag to a bull.
The group claimed responsibility for the bombings.
We mustn't waste our energy stocks.
My name is Sasha.
I play computer games.
I'm a student.
She traveled around Japan.
Turn off the radio.
I was what you are, you'll be what I am.
Let others wage wars, you, fortunate Austria, marry.
Keep up the good work!
Auto mechanics finish up the workday with grime all over their hands.
You can't step into the same river twice.
Monday mornings make me really grouchy.
Your objection has been noted.
I don't respond well to threats.
I finally overcame my shyness and asked him out on a date.
A single ray of sunlight shone through a chink in the shuttered window.
This is a tried and true method of weight loss.
Green is the color of lima beans.
The sniper picked off his victims one by one.
All this bickering is starting to fray my nerves.
The house needs a new coat of paint.
When two are doing the same thing, it is not the same.
In each of us there lies a dormant superhuman.
My father is happy when he sees his traits in me.
We came here from the province where we both grew up.
Due to recent events, it is completely impossible for me to focus on my work.
Write the essay and don't get distracted.
I hope that all this ends well and end quickly for you.
Lucy's cute, but she's got an atrocious character.
All that's left for me is to drink myself silly with vodka and to get lost in sleep.
To be honest, I don't understand the reasons for such actions.
I just can't make sense of all this nonsense.
If I don't take care of all the bureaucratic issues, they'll simply deport me.
I want to hang myself.
You need to look after your loved ones.
I'll explain it to you.
You've got dark circles under your eyes.
You've got circles under your eyes.
You've got bags under your eyes.
Stop frowning your forehead!
The scariest thing in life is uncertainty.
This lack of responsibility is driving me crazy.
Anyone who really wishes to apply themselves to the freedom of mankind must have the courage to face the truth, regardless how bitter it may be.
My girlfriend said that she'd kill me if I got drunk.
We have different ways of thinking with regard to this issue.
Please introduce yourself, sir. What's your profession?
The neglected room remained unoccupied.
Because of the convenience of public transportation, I can go anywhere.
I got a lot of things done today.
It was my first time coming to Shanghai.
Christopher Columbus despised pirates, but he loved their eyepatches. Sometimes, he would wear one - just for fun.
No! You'll be blown to smithereens!
I got shanghaied by those bastards!
Germans have no sense of humour? I don't find that funny!
Would you mind watching my suitcase for a minute?
Germans have no sense of humor? I don't find that funny.
Is there a youth hostel around here?
Welcome to the Tatoeba Project website.
We were completely knackered from the five-hour trip.
There's nothing like doing it yourself!
There is no excuse for his behaviour.
You're a right little rascal!
I read a most interesting novel yesterday.
Your eyes reflect the echo of my voice.
You can't park on the pavement.
You should read a lot of books while you're young.
The headlights don't work.
I work every morning in Central Park at 6 a.m.
This banana went bad.
"I'm in an Armani store buying a suit, of course," Dima replied.
You can add sentences that you do not know how to translate. Perhaps someone else will know.
I went to many places in a single day.
I was very satisfied with this.
The taxi fares in Shanghai are expensive.
My study conditions aren't that great.
You need two bowls of flour to make this.
Since she didn't come, I didn't go either.
They decided to get married.
Since he didn't come, I didn't go either.
I didn't go to the park because it rained.
Even if we're late, it doesn't bother us.
Give me a cigarette.
One should take good care of every single thing.
Get me a towel.
I would keep coming late to work.
Since you're going to the dorm, can you tell Erkin to come over here?
Since you're going to the room, can you tell Erkin to come over here?
I got my monthly salary today.
A baby camel is smaller than a young camel.
A baby camel is younger than a young camel.
This stove uses kerosene.
Do you like white chocolate?
His dream has come true.
I'm a college student.
I'm a university student.
You've got two books?
You have two books?
My grandfather goes for a walk every morning.
It looks like they're satisfied with the result.
High calorie foods are bad for my health.
Can I bum a cigarette off you?
He's also a salesman.
She was further in debt than she was willing to admit.
He's a salesman too.
There are about 6 billion people in the world.
There are about seven billion people in the world.
She's promised to give me a ring.
There's around 6 billion people in the world.
It's beginning to take form!
It's beginning to get absorbed!
It's not our will that makes us act, but our imagination.
There are a lot of earthquakes in Japan.
The facts do their job.
Masha didn't know her parents.
That negligee is gonna knock his socks off!
If my plane doesn't crash, and if I do not get kidnapped by organ thieves, I will drop you a line at the beginning of the week.
Don't let this opportunity pass you by.
Don't worry, I have every angle covered.
This hat's too small for you.
We found the lost hiker numb with cold.
One must pay for freedom.
The spider web glistened in the morning dew.
I used all the energy I had.
My neighbor's house was featured in last month's issue of Architectural Digest.
His obscene remarks will be expunged from the record.
I can't quite place his accent.
The plot to assassinate the president was discovered just in time.
We're in the process of remodelling our kitchen.
Do tigers purr?
Human remains were found during the excavation.
The escaped prisoners are still on the run.
You are not allowed to violate the rules.
Hang up your shirts before they wrinkle.
Oh please, spare me the sob story.
Young man, enjoy yourself while you are young!
I'll be damned if I let this stop me!
Those pants are a little too tight in the waist.
A black crocodile, troubling his rest, grabbed him suddenly by his rough and heavy foot.
It's then that I had a good idea.
A man who smacks his wife around is contemptible.
This won't work!
You have lovely breasts.
I don't want to risk my life.
He can do five somersaults without breaking a sweat.
I was chuffed with the result.
There are more important things in life.
Long live the Emperor!
Long live the Republic!
I only think of you.
You're the only one I think about.
The shelf fell off and all the books went tumbling down on Vasya.
We need to study German verb forms.
You know what he said?
How many friends do you have?
How are things at work?
What did you do during the holidays?
Do you have plans for tonight?
Why do you look so worn out?
How are things?
What are you doing right now?
We're meeting on Sunday.
I'm glad to have been invited to dinner.
Your coughing is a result from having smoked.
You want to see a French movie, right?
What's the length of this bridge?
She doesn't have many friends.
I'm going to the doctor.
I love cats so much. They just drive me nuts.
You like to sing?
What does that gentleman do for a living?
This doesn't work!
I wasn't dancing!
No-frills airlines have a bad reputation.
She's wearing a hat.
The day is short and there is much work.
Everything I accomplished came from hard work. All bad things that happen to me are due to bad luck. All things you accomplish come from good luck. All bad things that happen to you are due to your lack of work ethic.
Some people do not have a consistent set of principles; they just adopt whatever principles benefit them at the moment.
I got all tongue-tied when she spoke to me.
Never give up. Never surrender.
He looks old, but he hasn't reached 30 yet.
When the mouse is satiated, the flour is bitter.
Who came up with that idea in the first place?
They decided to adopt a child rather than having one of their own.
Step 1. Heat the vegetable oil (0.5L) (any grease or a mixture of oil and grease) in the pot on high heat, add sliced onions (400g), fry until the onions take a yellow color, then add meat (any kind) (1kg).
How does it feel to be back home?
The woman is almost deaf.
Thanks to digital photography it seems that no one has their film developed anymore.
I guess that there are fundamentalists and radicals even in the relatively peaceful domain of language...
Are you going, too?
Will you go, too?
Alice is wearing a sweet-smelling perfume.
All of the dogs were alive.
All students like holidays.
Anyone may use this dictionary.
A squid has ten legs.
Upon seeing that, he stood up.
Seeing that, he stood up.
Set the focus of the microscope.
Adjust the focus of the microscope.
The house collapsed a week later.
Uncle Vasya gave me a painting as a gift.
It snowed a lot last year.
There was a great deal of snow last year.
Christopher Columbus once met the child in Sentence 47456 and opened his eyes to the world.
People who bring personal details into arguments don't know how to argue.
The supermarket is open Monday through Saturday.
Washing clothes and sheets is my work.
Washing is my work.
The baby cried himself to sleep.
Please give the baby a bath.
Could you please give the baby a bath?
Don't forget to take an umbrella with you.
I definitely won't do that again.
Coffee hurts your stomach.
No one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms.
Do your homework now.
Do your homework right away.
Do you have any one dollar bills?
Do you have a question?
Do you have any cheaper rooms?
If you agree to buy 3,000 of them, we'll give you a 3 percent discount.
Do you have anything hot to drink?
Yesterday, I read a really interesting story.
"What," said Al-Sayib. "You think that being on international TV means that you need to strut around in an Armani now?"
The total bill for drinks came up to 7000 dollars.
Each person paid a thousand dollars.
We spent seven thousand dollars on drinks in total.
I wouldn't even accept sausage from a bastard like that.
I wouldn't even accept kielbasa from a bastard like that.
My father bought me a bicycle.
You're really too kind.
Haven't you said too much?
If you need anything, just gimme a holla.
Christopher Columbus once saw a UFO, and ordered his men to fire his ship's cannons at it.
Do you buy that explanation?
Good shot, kid. You got him.
I think you owe her an explanation.
Would you like to get something to eat? It's on me.
Millionaires have an easier time getting elected to public office than the average person.
No worries!
I just thought of something really interesting.
Excuse me sir, could you spare some change?
Konrad Adenauer was the first chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany.
People should wash themselves.
People should wash their bodies.
He quit smoking.
Since it was late at night and I was very tired, I stayed at an inn.
Karakorum is the early capital city of Mongolia.
Ulaanbaatar is the capital of Mongolia.
He threw me the apple.
I gave my dad a tambourine as a gift.
"I see," said the blind man, as he picked up his hammer and saw.
She wore her hair in plaits.
The English language is undoubtedly the easiest and at the same time the most efficient means of international communication.
"International TV?" Dima asked. "What are you talking about, Al-Sayib?"
He passed away yesterday.
He deceased yesterday.
He passed on yesterday.
'Aha', they will say.
They arrived from England a week ago.
Christopher Columbus once discovered an entire ship of deceased sailors... and politely ignored it.
Esperantists are guided by a noble ideal.
Call the doctor!
Tatoeba: Got a PM? You're probably in trouble...
How do you say 'a cat' in Hebrew?
Have mercy!
I see that you're a patriot.
It doesn't work.
I can't be bothered to go out tonight.
My cousin goes to the Carpathians every year.
My sister goes to the Carpathians every year.
The window washer lost his grip and fell to his death.
The mountains could be seen from afar, and it was a breathtaking sight.
My parents met each other in the mountains.
Muriel is making a poor living from her part-time job.
According to the Bible, God created the world in six days.
There is just so much beauty in ambiguity!
I don't care if you don't like your Aunt Mary. You'll just have to grin and bear it while she's here.
He died when he was 54 years old.
She died when she was 54 years old.
She stopped to smoke a cigarette.
He stopped for a smoke.
My dream is to go to Japan someday.
Today I'm lacking inspiration.
Do you want to ride a unicorn to work? Because I do.
We met completely by coincidence.
What a huge dog!
"Your face is all over the BBC, Dima!" Al-Sayib exclaimed. "They say you slept with 25 men and then killed them! How the heck did you do that?!"
He regrets what he did.
He grabbed her hand.
She found it very important.
Tom doesn't have to go to school today.
I ate lunch two and a half hours ago.
The dog sniffed the stick.
You need to study more!
The young girl pulled on her mother's coat.
Spring will be here soon.
There's coffee, and then there's COFFEE.
There are many kinds of coffee.
There are various kinds of coffee.
He doesn't understand what you say.
We can lift curses by a photograph.
An experienced healer can lift curses and dispel evil eyes.
I'm a citizen of Earth.
A single language is never enough.
It's not enough to know only one language.
She has a large bosom.
Don't jinx me.
I don't need anything... just a new pair of pants.
A witch once gave Christopher Columbus an evil eye... and never got it back.
I don't remember having had any toys when I was young.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
In the end, one always ends up wishing to annihilate one's fellow man. Therein lies the sad fate of humanity.
You can lie to everyone else, but you can't lie to yourself.
Typhoon Megi makes landfall in the Philippines.
If you want to marry me you need to get on your knees and give me a ring.
A flush is a poker hand where all five cards are of the same suit.
Flash photography is not permitted beyond this point.
In elementary school, I was a prodigy and I was mostly the first or second best student in my class.
Klava is bidding farewell to her husband.
Klava oversimplifies everything.
Klava tames tigers.
Klava went to a resort.
Police cordoned off the crime scene.
Klava decided to re-floor the flat.
Klava is abroad and sends her regards to you.
When I think about it now, our family lived a very miserable life.
Klava pulled everybody's leg.
Klava decided to change her sex in the flat.
I said that I don't remember having had any toys, and I also don't remember having had any snacks.
I had no toys or anything else, so I used a chalk that had been bought for me and drew pictures and letters on a closet door.
Klava envied Lyusya.
Klava forgives her husband.
You shall answer for this, Ibragim!
Lyusya can't be reached by phone.
Because of Ibragim, Lyusya lost her appetite.
Lyusya decided to give up on everything and leave for Siberia.
The old lady busied herself on her vegetable garden.
The bulb has burned out.
She is no longer the cheerful woman she once was.
She's always putting spokes in other people's wheels.
Lyusya adores social-realistic novels. They're very optimistic.
There's a lot of crazies in the library.
You're not allowed to carry food into the library.
My parrot can quote Shakespeare!
Clothes without tabs aren't accepted in the changing room.
No wedding would be complete without a fight.
Call the ambulance immediately!
Everyone knows and loves this holiday.
Russians never smile.
Lucy's innocent crush turned into an obsession.
Please, give me water!
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
I like waking up to music.
You never turn off the music and the lights before going to bed.
To where leads this difficult path?
This was very difficult.
Listening to Mahler, Lyusya would always think of death and life eternal.
You are a musical genius.
When did you start studying English?
The audience believed it to be part of the act, rather than a short circuit.
I spilled jam on the electric outlet and there was a short circuit.
I see dead people.
There was jam in the electric outlet.
Take the fork out of the electric socket.
There are sparks flying out of the electric socket.
Wrap the wire in electrical tape.
Cover the cut with a bandaid.
The singing of the local birds is akin to the sound of a drill.
My wife gave birth to a child when we were very poor. While she was sleeping, I cooked rice and vegetables for several days and surprised her with the variety and taste of my cooking.
He's realistic and doesn't believe in the possibility of miracles.
Are you still alive, Sysko?
Each student has their own computer.
I had resolved to steal one yen to go see it, but we were poor and there was no way I would find one yen to steal around our house.
There was jam in the jam dish.
Doraemon smiles often.
Our fridge is broken.
When I was in elementary school I thought, from the bottom of my heart, that the teachers were great people and I was influenced by the teachers' attitudes and moral lessons, but middle school was just a business like any other.
Once, when I went to my friend Kawai's house, he fired a pistol. He thought it was not loaded and pointed it at my mouth, but it was and the bullet grazed my ear before hitting the closet.
I wanted to become a philosopher.
You'll catch the bus if you hurry.
It's a lot easier to fall in love than to stay in love.
Is it possible to stay here a little longer?
I'm already ready.
He's being accused of kidnapping.
Cookie is the cutest of all the dogs.
You can't put him off until tomorrow?
He's not my cousin.
Wait a bit. I'll prepare some for you.
I need to find my pen.
There are no classes in August.
I am sure of her innocence, without a shadow of a doubt.
I'm a tennis player.
Tony is a well-behaved boy.
It's nothing but flattery.
Clava loves all things irrational, and works at the kindergarten for precisely that reason.
Miracles do exist, but we just don't notice them in the flow of events.
He's a realist, and doesn't believe that miracles are possible.
I haven't fallen in love like this since I was seventeen.
Wait, don't shoot!
What is needed to win a lawsuit?
The fire burns.
Wait, don't shoot at each other!
Boy, did he suddenly turn pale...
She's just jealous of your youth.
She is totally jealous of your youth.
Daddy, I'll stop doing theater and won't sing anymore.
The powder is soluble in water.
Powder is soluble in water.
Ice melts in water.
We need to discuss this with the director tete-a-tete.
It's completely impossible to foretell his reaction.
The infection has reached the bloodstream.
Lyusya weeped while listening to Mahler.
When was the first time you met her?
One in ten people are nearsighted.
You need to exercise more.
The lion jumped through the burning ring.
While Eugene is busy translating sentences from Russian to English, I'll quickly add some Belorussian translations and jump ahead of Uyghur.
When an Uyghur met a Belarusian, what language did the two speak to each other?
I'd like to eat a book.
A bean can answer all the questions.
Even though he was tired, he worked.
That's not within my remit.
Ali is a good person.
He lives on welfare.
I am well.
He pushed his nose against the window.
I worry that I have caught a cold.
You don't understand. He'll kill you.
Nobody knows this.
There is no milk left.
A cat abhors a vacuum.
I've already lost hope of her losing weight.
We talked about various things.
'Twas brillig, and the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the wabe; All mimsy were the borogoves, and the mome raths outgrabe.
I'm calling her, but she's not coming.
"In one night," Dima added.
I had no visitors today.
I don't think that she looks like her mother.
When I was little, I would only wear pants.
Call me as soon as you meet up with him.
This is the man that I see every day on the train.
She's collecting material for a book.
It's nice out today, and will be tomorrow as well.
She hasn't heard the news yet.
Is your new computer working well?
We don't have class on Wednesday afternoons.
Even though she was very busy, she came to see me off all the same.
I respect the elderly.
That's why I came late.
Think of your opponent as nothing more than a handful of ash.
It was a terrible affair.
It's a question of taste.
Betty may be pretty, but she shoots a gun with the precision of a hawk.
The right you are trying to establish is ruled out by article 7 of the constitution.
Should the rich be forced to part with some of their wealth in order to help the poor?
Her mother was a Christian and her father a pagan, but this wasn't a problem for them at all.
Nice suit.
Help me send out these two letters, all right?
I hate Mondays.
My brother is away on a construction job.
A woman wrote 30 books about how to become happy, and then committed suicide.
When will you finish your assignment?
Optimism is merely a lack of information.
I found a bag stuffed full of gold coins!
There's a pyramid in Mexico bigger than any of those in Egypt.
Christopher Columbus once sacrificed the corner of his hat to an Aztec god, bringing about years of prosperity to that god's village.
Which of these two do you think is better?
My grandpa was an avid collector of stamps.
Wait, don't shoot yourself!
"Dostoyevsky is dead." "I object! Dostoyevsky's immortal!"
And just who are you, exactly?
Money does not smell.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
Me and my colleagues lived in a small 2 room cabin built on the edge of a cliff on the mountain. I say 2 rooms, but besides the entrance, there was a 6 by 2 tatami room. We ate potatoes, dried fish and tofu. Because we were on the top of a cold mountain, the potatoes would freeze during the winter.
What's done is done.
Wanna come over to my place for pancakes?
Want to come over to my place for pancakes?
Let's play a game of blind man's buff.
Regardless how loud you scream "Oo-oo!", you won't turn into a wolf.
Cats don't wear collars.
We can't keep a sheep at home. What should we do with it?
It was his own fault.
Sasha had a huge bump on his head.
Nobody goes outside in this kind of weather.
Let's go home!
"I'll hang the sheets myself," the neighbor said. "It's not like they're that heavy."
They both ate their chocolates down to the very last bite.
You'll sleep in the guestroom?
Look, the boys are walking barefoot in the water.
He stood ankle-deep in the water.
Come on, already!
Won't you sit on my knee?
Mommy, why don't I have an uncle with a beard?
The puppy looked at her with very sad eyes.
Shishir is following me.
High five!
It's really coming down! There are puddles all over the street, and water is pouring down from the rooftops.
Let's rent bicycles over there.
I'll gladly pay you anytime.
I can't say I envy you for being a rat.
I may live alone but at least I don't have to answer to anyone.
He who wounds by the sword, dies by the sword.
You'll get a ticket if you park the car in front of a fire hydrant.
Could I get your autograph?
By changing those things which need to be changed.
The necessary changes having been made.
Since most speakers of Esperanto have learned the language through self study, the Internet in general, and websites such as www.lernu.net in particular, have been a great boon to the language.
He was trying so hard that he turned red.
Just where were you?
When I grow up, I'll be a pilot. And what will you be?
Now this is something. What wonderful presents! Boy am I happy!
Plato's my friend, but truth I cherish even more.
We don't study for life, but for school.
Love if you want to be loved!
By no means may you cut out the pictures from the books on the bookshelf.
There was a small table in her bedroom, and on the table - a little bottle.
Don't touch this bottle ever again!
The ship's going to sink!
Truth be told, she didn't like it in the least, but she didn't say anything.
"Even worse!" Al-Sayib exclaimed. "They don't know what to do with you, Dima!"
I prefer paper cups to plastic ones.
Please keep my place in line.
Dogs can't talk, but it's almost as if the puppy's eyes said, "No, I don't have a home."
In Australia, English is spoken.
Uyghur is a Turkic language.
She loved me, as I loved her.
Please stick out your tongue.
Reading books is interesting.
I love this photo.
You can consult with me any time.
Don't be slopping about with him, you'd better give him a thick ear.
You know so many things about the Chinese language... It's just as if you were Chinese yourself.
Do you recognize the man in this photo?
He gave his camera to his friend.
She'll give her photo to whoever wants it.
Every time I look at this picture, I think of my father.
What did you do with the camera?
To take a photo, all you need to do is to press this button.
There's something I need to tell you, and I know you're not going to like it.
If you keep your emotions bottled up you'll only end up hurting yourself.
I'll take you wherever you want to go and buy you whatever your heart desires.
In the digital age, handwriting is slowly becoming a lost art.
Everyone should choose at least one poem and learn it by heart.
It is extremely important to exercise daily.
Have you ever been betrayed by a good friend?
The Italians say that translators are traitors.
They raised their glasses and toasted to their success.
He's been passing off my ideas as his.
If you're serious about solving the problem, then you cannot pose it as a Catch-22.
Hope and patience lead to power.
Don't forget us!
I don't want that anymore.
I no longer want that.
How far away is the airport?
I'd like to reserve a room in a hotel.
Here's the thing.
Don't forget to send the letter.
I'll have to call you back.
Don't forget that we have chores.
I won't go back there.
When I was a child, I spent many hours reading alone in my room.
The train seems to be late.
Thanks, that's everything.
Every morning, I go shopping.
Do you want to dance with me?
I'll go by car.
Tom, don't die.
The story of a great flood is very common in world mythology.
My daughter has a make-believe friend.
That toast was over the top.
She teaches English.
She burned her left hand.
Don't be ridiculous!
She shouldn't get carried away.
It's complicated as hell.
Now what is it?!
My name is Wang Jiaming.
This is Li Ying.
Fix the watch.
Fix the clock.
"What do you mean?" Dima asked, but burped, for if he remained silent, this sentence would be too simple.
Enough jawboning! Why can't politicians just be honest?
There is a good number of problems for which the Karush-Kuhn-Tucker conditions are insufficient to guarantee optimality, but this doesn't change the fact that these conditions are an indispensable tool for doing optimization.
Be careful on your way back home.
As long as there is life, there is hope.
Silence is a sign of consent.
It's nothing special.
Children need a lot of sleep.
From bad stems worse.
I am a completely happy human being!
As if it weren't enough already!
Stop fooling around!
He's leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
She's leaving for Tokyo tomorrow.
What a nightmare!
This earthquake took a hundred and fifty lives, as well.
No one knows how to think, but everyone's got an opinion ready.
It flew out of my head.
Let's get back to business.
I never want to see you here ever again!
He'll leave for Tokyo tomorrow.
Mary Hat was in New Orleans this week.
Space is full of mysteries.
English has many loan words from French.
It was a put-up job.
Your questions are getting progressively more profound.
There are more clouds today than yesterday.
She's disgusted with the job.
I don't like to make a mistake.
She teaches students English.
She is certainly over forty.
She is clearly over forty.
She is close to sixty.
There are two categories of verbs in the Uyghur language - primary and auxiliary.
Would you like some more roast beef?
How can I extract the audio from a video clip?
I haven't the foggiest idea.
Does this club have a live band, or is there a DJ?
She sang better than him.
History is the teacher of life.
Do you have time on Tuesday?
He said that he was sick, and this was a lie.
I'd be happy to translate all that, but I don't know Dutch.
I know that you're strong, but political pressure is even stronger.
"When do you get up?" "At 8 in the morning."
I've been to Kyoto twice.
I can't stand this cold anymore.
Please, show me these photos.
These are my pants.
The sky was filled with stars.
He'll wait for you.
She slept her hangover off.
I finished the homework, and want to go to bed, but now it's time to go to school again...
You shouldn't judge by appearance.
Do you think you could give me a paper bag?
My teacher is a stickler for grammar.
The mouse's shadow at dusk is longer than the cat's shadow at noon.
One must not confuse homomorphism with homeomorphism.
I'm a man.
It's dangerous to talk on the phone and drive at the same time.
This museum is worth a visit.
Without loss of generality, we can say that the sequence converges to zero.
A furious elephant kicks out the fencing of his enclosure and sends the keeper flying.
Brilliant people have one major drawback - they don't know how to lose.
Woe betide the child who speaks correct English; he will be the laughing-stock of his classmates.
I sympathize with my friend who says that she's only an immigrant trying to protect the English language from its native speakers.
He looked at me out of the corner of his eye.
The early bird gets the worm.
It is regarded as a grey area.
I'm looking for the perfect spot to hang this picture.
Let me introduce you to my parents.
Creationists were in my prayers today when I saw a program about a German vineyard near Lake Constance. They said the soil was very rich, created by a volcano 15 million years ago.
Raised kerbs at bus stops should be mandatory.
I'm waiting for someone.
Godzilla will never ever destroy the Imperial Palace nor the signboards of the sponsoring companies.
Have you ever seen such a nice film?
He went away.
That sea is called the Mediterranean Sea.
We are going to eat a lot tonight so I hope that you are not on a diet.
I hope that your brother is better.
"LGBT communities around the world are calling you a 'hero', and say that you were framed," Al-Sayib explained. "But the law enforcement agencies are all labeling you as a ruthless murderer. Which one are you, Dima?"
This is against the law.
This is a man worthy of respect.
You are qualified to be a doctor.
I need help.
I'm sending you a birthday present by airmail.
Care for a smoke?
She doesn't have a driving licence.
The Taklamakan, an authentic Uyghur restaurant, is conveniently located next to the Munich train station.
A tribe of natives once honored Christopher Columbus with an all-he-could-eat feast. Years of famine followed.
Daniel looks like an Uyghur.
It's okay if you go in there and take a seat.
Do you ever think about the meaning of life?
I've had my fill of the tea.
I washed my shirt.
We are even.
My attitude to the comma is physiological; the more breath I have, the fewer commas I use.
Don't rip me off!
Don't screw me over!
He was not at all thankful to his former teacher.
She doesn't have a driver's license.
There's almost no water in the bucket.
His daughter has become a pretty woman.
The government are being criticised from all sides.
Translation is like a woman. If it is beautiful, it is not faithful. If it is faithful, it is most certainly not beautiful.
All piggybackers are pigs!
The government is being criticized from all sides.
"I can't say I much like that choice," Dima sighed. "To be honest, my head's been all blurry ever since I woke up in a dumpster this morning..."
In a recent article about activities to keep your brain young, they mention Esperanto along with Sudoku, which shows that Esperanto is becoming part of popular culture.
From here on out you'll be on your own.
My algorithm has a 99% success rate.
To think what we do not feel is to lie to ourselves, in the same way that we lie to others when we say what we do not think.
If a natural language can be compared to a tree, which has developed during the course of time, Esperanto can be compared to a plastic tree, which was created artificially.
What do we mean by "global optimization"? It's kind of like if I gave you a pair of binoculars and told you to find me the highest mountain in the world, using only your eyes.
Once a noob, always a noob.
Well-meaning noobs can give advice capable of bringing about an armageddon with the potential of destroying the Earth multiple times over.
When well-meaning noobs start giving out advice, expect the end times.
You stay up until two in the morning. You're such a night owl!
To be on the safe side, she went to hospital.
Draw me the Pareto curve.
How come you only gave me a hamburger? Isn't this a meal set of a hamburger, French fries and a drink?
The royal jewels are kept under lock and key.
Hit the bricks!
"Dude, there's a guy running naked around our building! What's up with that?!" "Eh, just another 'lucky' noob we pwn'd today. If he wasn't, he would've been doin' it downtown at noon."
Christopher Columbus once walked into a McDonald's and ordered a Happy Meal. It did not make him happy, but he liked the toy.
Verily, a noob was pwn'd and he was pwn'd hard.
It's difficult to visualize four dimensions.
I've been grounded because my mum is angry with me.
In a far, far away universe where whatever is visualized becomes real, a noob tried to visualize a four dimensional object only to end up visualizing an object with an infinite number of dimensions that sent our entire existence into disarray thereby ending the universe as we know it.
He'll have no rest from his guilty conscience until he confesses what he's done.
Once I retire, I will dedicate my whole time to Tatoeba.
If you're bored, you can contribute to Tatoeba.
A noob once met Betty and while desperately trying hard not to get killed, ended up killing himself.
Christopher Columbus's happy meal toy was a limited edition clumsy noob waiter toy that whenever is set to walk, trips and falls on its face.
Although Al-Sayib would never admit it, the real reason he hates noobs that much is that he got pwned by one while Dima watched and laughed his ass off.
After torturing a fortune-teller by tickling him to death for several hours, Christopher Columbus placed the noob toy in a treasure chest with the inscription: "To the great pirate of the future Al-Sayib: Noobs always deserve it."
Soon Christopher Columbus got bored watching the noob toy getting repeatedly self-pwned; he then decided to make a fortune-teller advise him on what to do with such a pointless toy.
Her novel sold well.
Little did Christopher Columbus know that future pirates are mostly internet pirates: The closest they will ever get to surfing the sea is being in a bathtub.
After the gym, I drink a glass of milk mixed with powdered protein.
A perfect map would have to be as big as the territory it represents.
There was a time when Christopher Columbus challenged another explorer to a duel. The latter, an underhanded chap, did not take ten steps - as dictated by the rules - but two, then turned around to shoot. Unfortunately for him, Columbus hadn't taken any steps at all.
"But tell us, just what did you kill him for?" "For love."
I looked around and noticed that I was the only car on the road.
I looked around and noticed that mine was the only car on the road.
In court facing charges of obscenity, the American actress Mae West was asked by the judge if she was trying to show disrespect to the court, whereupon she answered, "No, your honor, I'm trying not to show it".
The Sahara Desert is almost as large as Europe.
Here's looking at you, kid.
These are my sister's magazines.
Having misconceptions of what mathematics is is even more ordinary than not knowing how to spell my name.
I looked around and noticed that it was the only car on the road.
Drink wet cement and get really stoned.
I want you only when you're not there.
That theory is generally accepted.
That theory isn't generally accepted.
That idea isn't bad.
This ticket lets two people in.
This ticket allows two people to enter.
That topic is worth discussing.
I'll be here for a while.
You shouldn't sleep with a coal stove on because it releases a very toxic gas called carbon monoxide. Sleeping with a coal stove running may result in death.
If you divide any number by zero, the result is undefined.
"Sleeping in a dumpster, huh?" Al-Sayib asked. "That must have been a smelly experience."
Dolphins and whales are not fish.
Football is the most known sport in the world.
Do not choose locations close to the air space to play game.
Some people think that the works attributed to Shakespeare were written by somebody else.
I could tell you that I love you, but I'd be lying.
After breaking up with his girlfriend he moped around the house for a whole month.
Stop this goofing around and get to work!
His prowess with women is legendary.
There's nothing like close combat to test one's mettle.
At the age of fifty she embarked on a new career.
He went out of his way to make sure that we had everything we needed.
The siblings are fighting tooth and nail over the estate their father left them in his will.
That's strange. I could have sworn that I'd locked this door.
You should let a computer program generate your passwords for you.
She lives in the same house her grandparents lived in.
I don't believe a word of what people have been saying about her.
We played an entertaining game of charades after dinner.
I have never sung, and never will sing, in a karaoke bar.
I am a thin person, but at the moment I am fat.
Mind the gap.
Eat fast food, die fast.
Do not translate this sentence!
I will manage. Mark my words.
Wishing is for those who can believe.
"I understand Italian perfectly," she boasted while choosing a dish from the menu, but when the food was served, it was not at all what she expected.
He understood and remembered easily everything that was taught to him; his teachers were very happy about it.
Communism is the system practiced in the Union of the Soviet Socialist Republics.
I don't know how to go there.
Esperanto is written phonetically with an alphabet of 28 letters.
The international language Esperanto appeared in public at the end of 1887.
I play football every day.
She seems tired.
She looks tired.
According to the CRC, all people under 18 are considered to be children.
The plural form of 'person' is 'people', not 'persons'.
Fahrenheit is a German inventor who invented the thermometer. At the same time, his name is given to a unit of temperature.
In Soviet Russia, television watches the audience!
In Soviet Russia, the computer uses the user!
In Soviet Russia, radio listens to the listener!
He blew all his money.
This book is too expensive for me.
They're unlikely to get married.
Don't take it to heart.
I must bite the sour apple.
I bought this biro for 2 dollars.
After death there is nothing.
The pylon was about to collapse.
I see a lion.
I've waited for more than a week.
I hate leaving messages on answerphones.
It's better to take one's time than to hurry and make mistakes.
Compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe.
Could you please do me a favor?
She will never talk about it.
I'm already full, thank you.
The capital of the United States of America is Washington, D.C.
A wise man once said, "If Esperanto is an artificial language, then my car is an artificial horse".
Your patience irritates me.
You don't like me.
I love you, my angel.
He speaks French fluently.
The collaboration between these somewhat eccentric men was filled with strain and compromise on both sides, but in the end they appear to have gotten on well.
"It was a big dumpster," Dima said. "And there was a lot of food, so... It wasn't exactly uncomfortable. But yes, smellier than a donkey's behind."
She slammed the door.
I'd like a glass of tequila.
I would like a glass of tequila.
The legendary footballer Diego Armando Maradona is from Argentina.
Justin Bieber is more famous than Katie Holmes.
Nobody can be a head coach of a soccer team without being a soccer player.
In the 1950s, Canadian mothers, who scolded their children, called them by their full names.
For the crime of first degree murder, this court hereby sentences you to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
You disobeyed a direct order and must pay the consequences.
I remember playing the original Pac-Man game when I was a kid.
The Kennedys were the closest thing that America has ever had to royalty.
Hummer limousines are the ultimate symbol of conspicuous consumption.
She took a flower from the vase and held it out to me.
This semester I failed two students for plagiarism.
"Come into my parlor," said the spider to the fly.
She just left.
Hold down the fort while I'm gone.
I tried Buddhist meditation once, but I fell asleep halfway through the session.
The kitten lapped up the milk I poured into the saucer.
My son's short attention span is causing him problems at school.
The tornado touched down two kilometers from my school.
The answer was staring me in the face.
There is a stranger in front of the house.
There's a man that I don't know in front of the house.
He works as a translator.
I have an itch right in the middle of my back and I can't reach it. Arrgghh!
Please wake me up at seven.
Though he is no longer president, he still holds considerable sway among the political elite.
The boy buys a dog.
The bar was so smoky that my eyes started to sting.
It is one of the biggest summer music festivals.
The car stalled because you didn't step on the clutch.
Two days ago the wind blew.
The house is cold.
Yesterday snow fell.
He has one son and two daughters.
Dinner can wait.
You are very courageous.
A dog that barks all the time doesn't make a good watch dog.
What is apathy? Certainly nothing earth-shaking.
Put that in your pipe and smoke it!
He won us over with his honesty.
Do you know of an apartment I can rent that allows pets?
Mom, could you read me a bedtime story?
A warehouse full of illegal fireworks blew up and destroyed a whole city block.
Let's dance till the break of dawn!
I always confuse which side is port and which starboard.
He's got lots of sex appeal.
I saw a strange man with dark glasses loitering near the girls bathroom.
You must be the change you want to see in the world.
Give peace a chance.
I do my English homework in Latin, my Latin in Economics, and my Economics before school.
I never make my bed.
What kind of lame power is heart, anyways?
We enjoyed watching TV.
We must clean our classroom.
We have to water the flowers.
You will be there again soon.
Even if it isn't true, it's still rather clever.
Old favors are soon forgotten.
A random variable is definitely a constant if the variance is zero
"So who were the 25?" Al-Sayib asked. "Friends of yours?"
Everything is clear.
I love rock music.
Where can I buy books?
Where can I buy a CD?
Do you plan to go to Tokyo by bus?
He who wants to travel the path of wisdom must not fear failure, for no matter how much progress he makes, his goal remains unattainably far off.
"Do friends sleep with friends and then murder them?" Dima asked in return.
"If they're mantises," Al-Sayib conjectured. "Then, yes."
"To be honest," said Dima. "I really can't remember who they were..."
"Noobs," Al-Sayib stated. "If 25 people got killed by you, Dima, then they must have been noobs."
"Noobs?" Dima asked, a slight hint of anger in his voice. "This isn't a video game, Al-Sayib! This is real life!"
"I know," said Al-Sayib, getting a new bottle of Fanta. "This is serious business. So why'd you call?"
"I need some money," Dima said, with a tone of embarrassment.
"To hire a good lawyer?" Al-Sayib asked.
"No," Dima replied. "To help me buy this Armani. I'm dirty, remember?"
"Oh, boy..." Al-Sayib sighed. "Well, how much do you need? I've got about 10 grand just sitting in my offshore account."
"99 kopeks," Dima stated proudly. "I need 99 kopeks."
"Dima..." Al-Sayib said. "That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard."
"But it's true!" Dima insisted. "They won't let me buy the suit unless I give them another 99 kopeks! Can't you wire me some money?"
"Dima..." Al-Sayib sighed. "How much is this phone call costing you? I bet you it's more than 99 kopeks, noob..."
Since you do a lot of commuting, it stands to reason that using a smaller car would save you money at the pump.
"Oh, it's a lot more," Dima smiled. "But actually, this is a collect call. So you're the noob, 'cause you're paying."
This news made Al-Sayib so furious that he once more spilled his Fanta.
You strike me as the kind of man who never does anything he doesn't want to do.
"Dima," Al-Sayib said sternly. "You know you're like a brother from another mother to me, but... cheating an Arab is unforgivable. Goodbye!"
And just like that, Dima's childhood friend hung up, leaving Dima - as he was before - 99 kopeks short of his goal.
"Well..." sighed Dima, then turned to the shopkeeper and cast her a murderous glance. "I guess I have no choice now..."
He sobered up, got a job, and slowly started to turn his life around.
He just doesn't measure up.
He was really gung-ho when he started at the gym but after a few months he started slacking off and then stopped coming altogether.
The president tried to make his case for war by subtly appealing to the electorate's deep-seated suspicion of Arabs.
I lost this oblong Japanese brazier in an earthquake.
One day, I came back and my wife and one of my friends were inside the kotatsu.
Diet pills aren't a quick fix for losing weight. You have to eat healthier and exercise too.
He tied his son's shoe with a double knot and said, "There, that should do the trick."
How are you doing? I haven't seen you in ages!
You only live once.
I could not buy the 3 sen stamp to put on the letter, so it ended up staying for many days on top of the tokonoma.
I built up some debts at the rice seller and at the greengrocer.
It became so that I had to hide from the landlord.
My wife started to work as a female reporter for the newspaper Yomiuri.
Do my English homework or not do my English homework and contribute to Tatoeba, that is the question.
When I moved into my new home, I just brought with me the things that I needed for cooking, an earthen rice cooker, an earthenware pot and an earthen charcoal brazier.
At the end, the conscientious girl gave up with her English homework, and started to revise her list of Ainu words.
Sometimes the old landlady would come by and said "That child doesn't cry", but it was that my babysitting was godly.
When I was inside my mother's womb, I looked through my mother's navel at the house where I would be born and I thought: "No way I'm going there".
When I was inside my mother's womb, I looked through my mother's navel at the house where I would be born and I thought: "This won't do".
For the peasant, fruits are more important than flowers.
I have one of my friends who graduated from university and became a fine public servant. Once he told me that what he had learned from school had been useless. However, what little philosophy he had learned proved to be of great benefit.
This sentence has seven words in it.
This is a sentence, that has the syllable count, of a haiku.
Only a few people came to the meeting yesterday.
You're a dobber!
You're a grass!
My sister showed a new watch to me.
This is a sentence, that has the syllable count, of a good haiku.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of the expanding bureaucracy.
Are you going to a movie?
You've never been to Paris, have you?
Do you eat in the classroom?
Teochew is a dialect of Min Nan.
Hey.
Tom is the one who broke the window yesterday.
If you're at all wishy-washy during a negotiation the other side will pick up on it and get the upper hand.
God is an intelligible sphere whose center is everywhere and whose circumference is nowhere.
Possible side effects include blurred vision and shortness of breath.
He cashed in his chips and took in a show at the casino across the street.
What part of Betty Grable's anatomy was famously insured for $1,000,000?
Don't cave into their demands.
Write a poem with four three-line stanzas.
Supposedly, everyone is connected to everyone else by, at most, six degrees of separation.
Touch the base of the lamp once to turn it on and twice to turn it off.
The victims of the genocide were buried in mass graves spread over 25 square kilometers.
The vacant stare of dolls' eyes has always creeped me out.
I roll my own cigarettes.
Billie Holliday had an earthy, gravelly voice.
Once you light the fuse you'll have fifteen seconds to get to safety.
A candle without a wick is no candle at all.
In poker, three of a kind beats two pairs.
It's interesting to think about what the world would be like if it were ruled by women.
If I had it all to do over again, I wouldn't change a thing.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
This shot will help numb the pain.
I heard something new today.
I don't like raw cut edges.
The tunic has a raw cut hem.
The game is not worth the candle.
We have guided missiles and misguided men.
She said I am the one, but the kid is not my son.
Do you know it?
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal . . .
In my dream I dreamt that I was dreaming.
One thing a married man should never forget is his wedding anniversary.
Seize the day.
I saw you cooking.
You'll be busy tomorrow, won't you?
Please go right away.
Stay at home.
Don't let me become discouraged.
His scores are always better than mine, even though he doesn't study very much.
Germany shares a border with France.
Place the pan in the oven.
Well, he's a right scallywag.
The facts don't correspond with your assumption.
We praise the good old times, but live today.
We've lost 3 to 0.
The radio died.
Mr. Gardner of the ABC Corporation is staying at the Marriott Hotel from February 20th to the 27th, and would like very much to meet with you.
Last night, Mr. A called me up to say he couldn't attend today's meeting.
No words can express her deep sorrow.
She's a very good teacher.
I was looking for a hotel, when I saw you.
She didn't think so.
No, I didn't go out.
No, I didn't help.
I couldn't come because of the rain.
Peace be with you!
He isn't here now.
I have just returned from the post office.
It is better to be a coward for five minutes than dead for the rest of your life.
When he saw me, he raised his hat and greeted me.
Hello, my dear.
Procrastination is like masturbation, it's fun until you realize you're just fucking yourself.
The world shall perish not for lack of wonders but for lack of wonder.
He tricked out his car with the most ridiculous-looking spoilers and other accessories you can imagine.
Incredibly, one of the students stood up and mooned the dean right in the middle of his speech.
This place gives me a really bad vibe.
Is there life before death?
I'm sharing my flat with my brother.
I definitely told you that!
He is just no match.
Anyway, I did my best.
If I knew that, I'd tell you.
I don't like the house which he lives in.
I don't like that house that he lives in.
I dislike the house he is in.
Speaking of Mr. Tanaka, have you seen him lately?
I'm a 24-year-old American; I go by Steve.
I lived in Japan for 2 years, but now I'm living in California.
Since I'm planning to go to Japan next year, I'm studying Japanese.
I take a walk with my dog in the evening.
I'm satisfied.
The seats are all sold out.
It's my younger brother's.
I have nothing to do with that.
It's perfectly white.
It's all white.
I have hay fever.
She's a good person.
They are good people.
I don't like eggs.
I dislike eggs.
He's a kind person.
She's a kind person.
My mother isn't at home.
He's an author.
He is a writer.
It's snowing today.
It'll snow today.
It's 2:00 p.m.
Dogs are faithful.
This is free.
That's a tower.
My eyes are itchy.
My mother gets up early.
He's now studying.
He's studying.
He's studying now.
He's the oldest son.
Please get me a pillow.
Please give me an ashtray.
I'll be back in a jiffy.
Maybe my grandchild will be the first person to set foot on Mars.
I have an ingrown toenail that's bugging the shit out of me.
Information will be provided on a need-to-know basis.
I'll be back right away.
Look, if push comes to shove I have no doubt she'll pull rank on you to get her way.
With a little elbow grease we'll have this up and running again in no time.
Now look here, we've risked life and limb for you. At least you can show a little appreciation.
The truth shall set you free.
That's an understatement!
The alien shot his ray gun and blasted a hole in the spaceship's hull.
Before the advent of video games children played cowboys and Indians.
Despite her hard exterior, she had a certain vulnerability that made her quite endearing.
He's had a big chip on his shoulder ever since he was passed up for promotion.
How can you just stand there and do nothing while your countrymen are slaughtered?
A part-time job is suitable for housewives.
A part-time job is convenient for housewives.
He played a tune for the girl that he'd written himself.
Instead of slapping him in the face, she spit in it, and walked contemptuously away.
What's your hobby?
I wouldn't be surprised if lots of Tatoeba members were Scrabble addicts as well.
He was a very handsome boy, he had the face of an angel.
I won't give up, no matter what you say.
Give me an example.
I wish I were young again.
A point is a little point.
He got sad after reading the letter.
On weekends, I take my dogs out for a long walk in the park.
She turned away from me to hide a tear that had begun to fall down her cheek.
My phone has a caller ID that lets me screen my calls.
My German vocabulary list is up to two thousand words now.
Do you want to rest?
What is this the abbreviation for?
What time is supper?
Do you like baseball?
Does it taste okay?
How many passengers are there?
What time do we leave?
Do you often take business trips?
Are you looking for something?
Is it really bad?
He'll go, too, won't he?
The skies won't be clear.
The weather won't be fine.
It won't clear up.
The color won't fade.
If he saw you, he'd be surprised.
Don't go near the fire.
Finish that, and then send the whole caboodle to my cellphone.
Outside, the storm was rumbling.
The abbot gave rice to the vixen.
She is about forty.
She often eats breakfast there.
Social networking sites are dangerous for people under 13.
For our children to be safe, please do not enter adult sites.
For the safety of our children, please do not enter porn sites.
Shut the fuck up!
Australian women are very beautiful.
Give me a minute.
That's why I carry 2,000 pesetas.
Where is my dad?
I tried to master English for more than ten years, but I failed!
When I first took a C course, I couldn't understand a single thing explained in class. Thank God I got a friend of mine who's a programmer to explain to me how the whole caboodle works.
I couldn't believe myself when she pretended to be angry. Her loud voice, red face...the whole caboodle was pretty convincing.
You can't just walk around and start slandering people.
In some areas of the world, you can still get sued if you slander or libel a deceased person.
Where were you yesterday?
German punctuation is pedantic, English punctuation is chaotic, and for Esperanto Dr. Zamenhof suggested we look towards our mother tongue as a guideline. Go figure!
There's an important difference between talking "with" someone and talking "to" them.
Courtships get interesting when one of the two plays hard to get.
You will find that the ship's cabins have all the creature comforts of home.
My son loves to throw temper tantrums in the supermarket.
If you hit a patch of fog, slow down and put your blinkers on.
Manholes are round because that way they won't accidentally fall through the hole.
Consider carefully what you're about to say. You have a lot riding on it.
If a philosopher doesn't have a long, white beard, I don't trust him.
The old woman fingered each bead of her rosary with deep devotion.
I have a feeling he's not going to let me off the hook that easily.
I have to finish up some things before I go.
Don't buy your car from that dealership. They'll rob you blind.
I injured myself during PE class.
He is running.
I'm worried because of his health.
His health situation worries me.
He has sinned a lot, and yet I shall forgive him.
Be just and you will be happy.
Do you really love me from the bottom of your heart?
Then, while saying this, the memories of the men who had seduced her, her husband's colleague who had approached her as if it were a joke, the section chief with whom she had held hands, her relative who she had tried to kiss while she was drunk, shined as if projected upon a broken mirror.
The wife stood up from her chair. She then looked at the door.
Near the door, an elaborate metal robot -- a robot designed to keep away intruders, was standing coldly.
Near the bed, the composite aluminium robot, with a human shape and with a rubber skin, cleverly painted to resemble human skin, glued to its body, was standing naked.
It's just like a human. Even the hands of the robot are warm.
There were three buttons on the lower back of the robot.
I can't believe he had the balls to ask the boss for a raise.
"If you stop loving the robot, it will take its revenge upon you" "That robot will--" "Yes" " What type of revenge?" "It will kill you"
With half an hour on this treadmill you'll work up a pretty good sweat.
In time he'll come to see the error of his ways.
An argument broke out on the floor of the convention hall and in no time fists were flying.
The company accountant was sent to jail for cooking the books.
I admit he's smart, but does he have to talk over everyone's heads all the time?
It seems that in Japan too, electric taxis will be operated by robots.
He ran off with his best friend's wife and hasn't been heard from since.
Do I have to spell this out for you?
The new boss runs a really tight ship.
His car spun out of control going around the curve.
I've always been passionate about football.
One must give time time.
Our project fell into the water.
She has a rare given name.
He changed his attitude by 180 degrees.
Not every child likes apples.
I categorically refused.
I recall feeling so good at that time.
I took a bus so I wouldn't be late for my appointment.
For many people, drug dealers and corporate attorneys are the dregs of society.
The escaped convict is armed and dangerous.
You can make a computer-to-computer call on the internet for free!
Is that your car?
The president is expected to put forward a new energy policy.
Eat more vegetables.
Volcanic ash brought aviation to a standstill.
A ronin may not have the status of a daimyo, but he has the freedom that the latter may never have.
It is sickness to be obsessed with winning, it is sickness to be obsessed with using the martial arts, and it is sickness to be obsessed with putting forth all one has learned. It is sickness to be obsessed with offense, and it is also sickness to be obsessed with defense. It is also sickness to be obsessed with getting rid of sickness. To fix the mind obsessively on anything is considered sickness.
You must go to the doctor.
How fast is that train going?
This medicine is good for headaches.
You must study harder.
You must study better.
You look dead, bud.
I wonder if there exists a level that's lower than "user"?
My small bladder has me constantly running to the bathroom.
Your stupid remark just added fuel to the flames.
Bear in mind that you're a guest here and should behave accordingly.
The proposed methodology is applied to three simulated case studies.
The proposed method is applied to three simulated case studies.
The proposed method is applied to three case studies in simulation.
The proposed methodology is applied to three case studies in simulation.
"What's your name?" I asked.
The sentence "This sentence is grammatically correct." is grammatically correct.
I used to respect you.
Don't judge others by the color of their skin.
She is a true witch!
Think before you act!
I told you not to give me a hickey!
My father is two years younger than my mother.
I wonder what the normal life span of a cockroach is and if they ever die of old age.
Are you making fun of me or what? That's thrice now that I've told you to stop talking and to pay attention to the class.
I couldn't find the page I was looking for.
We were unable to find the webpage that you requested.
Grammatically there is nothing wrong with this sentence, but I think it would never actually be used.
Although this sentence has no grammatical mistakes, I think it would practically never be used.
I ran. I devoted my entire life to running to a flower that had already wilted when I reached it.
This isn't any scarier than the Germans.
You ain't gonna cut it.
They stole my wine bottle!
Things are more like they are now than they ever were before.
They gave me an offer that I couldn't refuse.
You sure are a hooligan!
You killed my father, and today I'll have my vengeance.
Can you please pass me the newspaper?
Don't forget to write me.
The windshield of my car was broken.
Size does not matter.
Though grammatically there is nothing wrong with this sentence, I doubt if anyone would actually ever use it.
Why did this happen?
Let's walk to the bookstore.
The lion is an animal.
As Season 2 started, Dima decided that he needed a new look, and - reaching into the pocket of his Armani - pulled out a pair of supercool shades.
This particle turns a noun into a verb.
She gets 5% of my gains.
As I entered the tearoom I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered the coffeehouse, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered the coffee bar, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
As I entered the coffee shop, I found two young men watching a wrestling match on television.
There are many situations in which this suffix might be used.
No more today.
This verb is somewhat similar to "to drink".
He cut himself into his finger with the knife.
Seeing as the curvature is smaller than unity, once the curve leaves the unit circle it will not come back.
That's nonsense.
How can I get to the stadium?
My boyfriend looks like your girlfriend.
The Statue of Liberty is located in New York.
There were hundreds of people milling about in the streets.
Get in the car, babe. We're driving to Madagascar.
As I found out later, the man who showed up on my doorstep asking for help was speaking Quechua.
He spun her around, took her in his arms, dipped her back, and gave her a big Hollywood kiss.
Are we still on for tomorrow night?
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
He's leaving for China tomorrow.
Light is much faster than sound.
You've got a bit of a fever today, don't you?
My friends invited me to supper.
This conference is very important. Don't miss it.
Nobody will know.
Did you listen at all to what I said?
Excuse me, let me point out three mistakes in the above article.
I wondered why people stared at me.
The movie ran for two hours.
I wouldn't mind a cup of coffee.
Where is the stop for the airport buses?
To the Hilton Hotel please!
I'd like to reserve a hotel room.
How long does the airport shuttle take to get to the airport?
It's only your imagination.
Pardon me, please.
Oh! Please show it to me.
It's getting late.
I'm ashamed of myself.
Let's come back.
What's missing?
This guitar is so expensive that I can't afford to buy it.
I sure hope you'll come again.
Turn the light off. I can't fall asleep.
He often leaves work very late.
A number of times the vending machine didn't give any change.
Correcting is sometimes harder than writing.
Please come over for lunch the day after tomorrow.
Tomorrow we're having guests overnight.
We'll talk about this in detail later.
The work was finished before I arrived.
Welcome back. We missed you!
Will you please come to my party?
Everybody loves it.
I happened to see your sentence.
Serra Negra do Norte is a town in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Norte.
Epistemology is a branch of philosophy.
The facts are incompatible with your hypothesis.
A home is more than a mere building.
Forgiveness is the greatest gift of all.
The book is too expensive.
I would like something to read.
I don't see it.
Let's take a short pause.
I see her sweeping the room.
I was just showering.
I'm pooped.
I think that our living together has influenced your habits.
She's got two cats. One's white and the other is black.
He tossed the ball towards the wall.
You're not even phased, you must have known all along!
The workers are complaining that their hours have been increased.
You may well not remember, but I'll never forget it.
He went home three hours later.
Nowadays, equal pay is not enough, household responsibilities must also be distributed evenly.
What time does your office let you go home?
I don't know if modern technology increases unemployment, or rather decreases it.
I love pizza very much.
Tatoeba: A life sentence just got a whole new meaning.
His wife is our Italian teacher.
Tatoeba: Where sentences get owned hard.
Tatoeba: Let the fittest sentence survive!
Tatoeba: Let the 'mortal translation' begin!
Tatoeba: Sentence fragments keep out!
Paolo is a nice person.
Berlusconi sucks.
He opposes racism.
Discriminating against people because of their race is a mistake.
My little son can drive a car.
He's opposed to racial discrimination.
People take things too personally and the good behaviour of some rewards the bad behaviour of others.
She took the taxi to the museum.
I hate myself and I want to die.
I've seen dolphins smarter than you.
She's so stubborn. I bet if she ever gets reincarnated, she'd be a bacteria capable of living in empty space.
OK guys, I really need something to drink.
It was just a joke. Lighten up!
A lot of sport clubs are still burdened by a monumental amount of debt. The worst thing about it, is that some of them are clubs that play a heavy role in leagues; clubs like Barcelona and Chelsea, and others more, are on the list that goes on and on.
The truth is, these days, I'm thinking of writing a novel for a women's magazine.
I can't agree more.
They have scoured the whole desert in search of the hidden treasure.
We were finally able to settle the matter.
I'm not what I do, I am what I can do.
Huh, you've got the experience?! Don't get me started. I have underwear older than you.
Tatoeba: We've got sentences older than you.
Can you go to the seaside tomorrow?
I can no longer stand this noise.
Can you drive a manual transmission?
You should chew your food well.
He is Swiss.
Can a case be made for late-term abortions?
If geometry is the science of space, what is the science of time?
A stay of execution was ordered at the eleventh hour.
I had my fortune read by an old lady with an eery-looking glass eye.
The space race was an exciting time in history.
The fugitive surfaced in a small town fifty miles from here but then disappeared again.
Step out of the car and place your hands behind your back.
Parents try to impress upon their children the importance of honesty and hard work.
The instrument panel has a very ergonomic layout.
He intimated that all is not well in his marriage.
I give up. What do an Irish priest and Congolese witch doctor have in common?
The room was jam-packed with reporters waiting for the press conference to begin.
Don't get sassy with me young lady!
I don't want an apology. I want an explanation.
It's very big of you to admit you're wrong.
When Dad finds out what you've done, he's going to hit the roof.
That offer sounds too good to be true. What's the catch?
I'd like a word with you if I may.
I'm going to run a couple of errands. Wanna tag along?
You have to paint the whole house all by yourself? You sure have your work cut out for you.
"Thanks a lot for letting me play with your Xbox." "No problem dude, knock yourself out."
Oh, how we laughed!
Come to think of it, a Jew has never come to my door trying to convert me to Judaism. A point in their favor!
The best hairdressers are gay.
Someday she'll have to pay for what she's done.
Even though student numbers are increasing, on the whole, fewer scholarships have been granted.
My brother is an immature boy.
A person's heart is approximately the same size as their fist.
I like German doughnuts a lot.
I like German crowns a lot.
Translating that text will be very easy.
How do you say...?
Shit stinks.
His brazen act of defiance almost cost him his life.
What do you think of the new movie?
What does she think about the conference results?
To be mad is to greet.
Everyone has to learn the words by heart.
I have a lot of dreams.
Yesterday my uncle bought a dog.
I am a college student.
Your house is big.
My mother is angry.
You should not talk here.
"What! You're still with that guy?" and we answer: "What can I do! I LOVE him!"
"What! You're still with that girl?" and we answer: "What can I do! I LOVE her!"
Many have suffered oppression and misery for a long period of time under the rule of colonialism.
Many have long suffered oppression and hardship under colonialism.
It doesn't seem strange, but for some reason it feels strange...
What would you do if I died?!
What would I do if you died?!
It's a bit strange to me.
Is this thing edible?
Don't forget your money.
I need some body lotion.
It was already twelve when he reached home.
Your school is so kind to reimburse you for the return airfare.
I need a little help from you.
I'll pay you back once I receive my salary.
I had a cup of coffee at the cafe.
Even though he is my neighbour, I did not know him well.
My father will recover soon.
Is THIS edible?
Could you actually eat this?
My family has my father, my mother, and my little sister.
He is a sluggish student.
He studied how birds flew.
He studied the way birds fly.
Since I was sleepy, I went to sleep.
Since he was honest, I hired him.
Since it was raining, I stayed home.
Since he is wealthy, he can do anything.
He's rich, so he can do anything.
Since he's busy, he can't meet you.
He's busy, so he can't meet you.
Since he was tired, he went to bed early.
He was tired, so he went to bed early.
Since I was tired, I went to bed early.
It was raining, so I stayed home.
He continued to mock me.
Mexico City, the most populated city in the world, is located in Mexico.
Gabriel is only one of the angels of God.
Manchester United is one of the most successful teams in both the Premier League and England.
Now shake hands and make up.
If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all.
Look how tipsy she's gotten with just one drink. She definitely can't hold her liquor.
That car dealership has a reputation for selling lemons.
Harry had to back out of the competition because of a broken arm.
Test pilots are constantly tempting fate.
We shouldn't accept his explanation at face value.
Someone has ripped out the first three pages of this book.
A relationship based on total honesty is bound to fail.
For the residents of Edo, the first bonito of the year was something that had to be bought, even if it meant borrowing money.
He took revenge.
He should have arrived already.
No atheist worth his salt will try to prove that God does not exist.
A couple of years ago, this book was exposed as a fraud.
Atheism isn't a religious belief.
You may as well chew your food well.
Oh my god, a newbie owned me!
The boat can still be seen.
You can still see the ship.
One can still see the ship.
He was getting old.
I've forgotten my pin number.
Here is the father's hat.
I have seen a star today.
She almost fainted.
To me, it is important.
For me, it's important.
I think being poor is nothing to be ashamed of.
As long as we live, we have to work.
I talked him out of the idea.
Dead dogs don't bite.
She put her sweater on.
She put on her sweater.
Every rare thing is expensive, besides a cheap horse is rare, therefore a cheap horse is expensive.
Does it happen to no teacher?
When I speak Japanese, I sound like a child.
We're taking a crash course in first aid before our two-week trek through the mountains.
The Secretary General is making a last-ditch effort to negotiate a peace treaty between the two warring factions.
For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.
We have to nip this problem in the bud before it gets any worse.
You can't seriously expect that they won't recognize you in that disguise. That lopsided, dime store moustache is a dead giveaway!
"Doctor, I thought you said this wasn't going to hurt." "I did, and it won't."
Rise and shine, Johnny! Time to go to school.
Rise and shine, Johnny.
Is there something you want to get off your chest? Come on, you can tell me.
Time is of the essence, Paul. If you don't tell her how you feel now, you'll never have another chance.
Sho was 12 years old, prone to illness and a bit dumb.
They opened up their wedding album and had a little stroll down memory lane.
"They're stupid children, what a nuisance", she said. I replied praising them: "What are you saying, They're both smart, with a good memory and a promising future"
I do not want to clean up dog poop.
Jane likes dogs better than cats.
The jacket, which I wanted, costed three hundred dollars.
The next morning, after having eaten, I thought about what had happened last night while sitting at my desk.
When I read this book, I always find something new in it.
No matter what the difficulties, I was resolved to make an actress out of this woman.
I am your only hope, captain. If you don't do as I say, you and your crew will perish.
Her face after the bath, with a slight tinge of red, was beautiful as to mistake her for someone else.
I understood that it was a great lie that she wanted to become an actress.
The anger that I had built up in me until then evaporated like a mist hit by the sun.
Do you want me to go with you?
The springtime of life is short.
I don't work on Mondays.
At seven I'll be back.
He didn't eat anything yesterday.
Nobody at home?
She was a born and bred Londoner.
He changed the number plate of his vehicle.
She is bad-mannered.
I find it hard to believe.
She was on the high wire.
George was the high sport of the evening.
This is life in the fast lane!
We were one too many.
This was the heart of the matter.
Don't lose heart!
She could be right, mind you.
Fuck. I'm about to come already.
This sword is in fair condition.
You've got a poor memory!
When he became drunk, he was quite an interesting priest, and he talked about various things.
As I was eating lunch, Kichiya came to me and, while she was serving my meal, she was toying happily with her ring set with a gleaming jewel.
I sensed with discomfort that the two of them might ridicule me behind my back as a thoughtless, simple-minded satyr.
The stupider the child, the more lovely.
I work for McDonald's.
You didn't need to buy the book.
No one knows how those who were born feel.
Don't abandon me!
She opened the window, even though I told her not to.
The augmentation of juvenile delinquency is a serious problem.
I am not without my shortcomings, but these shortcomings can easily be amended.
It was right around here somewhere.
Beauty's in the eye of the beholder.
You'll get used to living here in no time.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
The ball is that boy's prized possession.
There's no success without perseverance.
You've got a big hole in your sock.
Are you going to go on holiday this year?
Few people are on a first name basis with the president.
Forty-four Americans have now taken the presidential oath. The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace. Yet, every so often, the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms. At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because We the People have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebearers, and true to our founding documents.
This sentence is composed of forty-five letters.
Where are you working?
Allah is the greatest!
The Lord be most exalted!
She showed him the photo.
She looks quite pretty.
I plucked up the courage and confessed that it was all my fault.
Muslims bury their dead in graves.
They tell themselves that they certainly won't be able to go again on All Saint's Day.
Tatoeba: We've got more sentences than your mom could ever say in her lifetime.
Due to total russification in Belarus, the Belarusian language is at the brink of extinction.
The priest's cassock billowed gently in the wind.
The women in our country are different from the women from other countries. Many think that it's acceptable for women to have children and devote themselves to them entirely; and, towards their husband, to simply uphold their duty and protect their chastity.
Bleeding from her little finger, the nymphomaniac started a hot pursuit with the cops on a stolen raft.
My father loves doing some tinkering in the garage.
I can only think of my wife as an half-paralysed animal.
My chest had become softer than the fig tree's fruit and my heart had become more fragile than the fig tree's leaves.
The language in a society is never a detail.
She was, unlike her daughter, of small stature and her body was fat on the sides. It was as if a human head had been fitted unto the body of a pig.
You're beautiful and intelligent, how is it possible that no man is chasing after you?
Robinson considers nature a mere object of scientific study to exploit for his own uses and pleasure.
He had no hesitations when killing the bird for eating.
I think that Misty has different feelings towards insects.
Robinson is a practical, rational and brave man.
At the same time, he didn't hide his fears and doubts, but tried hard to keep his calm and rationality to face every difficulty.
This character represents the will to learn.
I would like to kill time with you, against me.
The hero demonstrated that a man could have the ability to dominate nature to his uses.
He hopes to gain an always greater knowledge of the whole world during this life.
I'm in love, I can die; I have lived the best and most beautiful of dreams!
The passage illustrates Robinson Crusoe's landing on a wild desert island after his shipwreck.
He didn't lose a single minute, thinking constantly how to survive and how to improve his conditions.
The atheist completely flummoxed her opponent in the debate by asking, "And who created God?"
The narration is written in the first person singular, because it is fictionally taken from the man's everyday journal.
Take wisdom from the mouths of crazy people.
My dictionary doesn't have the word "Impossible".
Love must have wings to fly away from love, and to fly back again.
For when a woman is left too much alone, sooner or later she begins to think;- And no man knows what then she may discover.
Youth sees too far to see how near it is to seeing farther.
The strangest thing is that he saved his arch enemy from an unavoidable death.
I shall have more to say when I am dead.
The world is in dire need of those who think in a more open-minded way.
No creature whatsoever can live in space.
Do you prefer white wine or red wine?
The festival witnessed an unusually large attendance.
Parents look to the new generation as a generation that is far from reality and busy running after unrealistic dreams.
Remember you must die.
Pictures of coffins covered with flags went all over the papers.
There are so many who go to the hospital for treatment and come out of it a dead body!
Relationships built on money will end when the money runs out.
Our governments have become space aliens living among a human population.
A stranger you arrive, a friend you depart.
I carried iron, but didn't find anything heavier than debt.
Love is seeing her even in your dreams.
I suffered through all sours but didn't find bitter than needing people.
I tasted all goods, and didn't find better than good health.
I wish I'd get back to my childhood again.
Alan is a poet.
Is that your carriage?
Do you believe there are ghosts?
Do you believe in the existence of ghosts?
Do you believe ghosts exist?
"Cat?", the old man wondered.
I'm with you.
It's rare that history comes with a man that his fear is set in the hearts of kings all around earth.
Whenever we have such lovely rain, I recall the two of us, several years ago.
Go to hell!
Go boil your head!
Go fuck yourself!
Do you have a light?
Santa Claus, I want to receive a girlfriend for Christmas.
Do you understand what I mean?
The wall has ears.
In summer, people prefer the sea.
Often the fear of one evil leads us into a worse.
Happy him who with ease can steer, from grave to gay, from lively to severe.
Whatever is well conceived is clearly said, the words to say it flow with ease.
Hasten slowly, and without losing heart, put your work twenty times upon the anvil.
A fool always finds a greater fool to admire him.
Gold gives an air of beauty even to ugliness: but with poverty everything becomes frightful.
Mark Twain said, "All generalizations are false, including this one."
One of my favorite quotes by Mark Twain is, "It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog."
It's worth a shot.
Tatoeba: Better to make no sense than no sentence!
Someone needs to take the bin out.
I can't believe I have to sit an exam on Sunday!
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
Jobs are less secure and people must work harder to keep them.
Our bodies are not designed to cope with stress for long periods.
People are becoming more short-tempered and violent.
People are expected to try and achieve more in the time available.
Too much stress can lead to physical disease.
Globalisation has led to 24-hour trading.
People want to use the new technology which is available.
Motivation is one of the factors that affects the learning process.
The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so that we may listen more and talk less.
Tokyo is supposed to be a very safe city.
Australians are supposed to have a relaxed and laid-back attitude to life.
It was raining when I woke up, but by afternoon the sky had cleared up and the sun was shining.
Make sure you stick together so no one gets lost.
The train slowed and blared its horn as it approached the railway crossing.
We combed police records of the incident but found no mention of witnesses seeing a tall, bearded man.
Whenever I get on the subway, I put my wallet in my front pocket.
He craned his neck a bit in hopes of hearing what they were whispering.
In Asian culture it's customary to take one's shoes off before entering a house or temple.
The main streets of many small towns have been all but abandoned thanks, in large part, to behemoths like Wal-Mart.
Whenever my wife's best friend comes over, they sit on the couch and dish for hours.
She got all dolled up for her big date.
I have to wear earplugs to drown out all the noise from the construction site next door.
The populations of China and India dwarf those of every other nation.
We came to a fork in the road and had no idea which direction to go.
Insist on the best.
Is her father a doctor?
Is your father a doctor?
Louder please, I cannot hear well.
Ten million hectares of ancient forest are being cleared or destroyed every year. Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail.
I can't talk.
I'll keep my fingers crossed.
English is not my mother tongue.
I always say yes!
Let's dance all night long!
Paper is white.
The birds fly.
Convenience stores and supermarkets can sell medicine since 2009.
Can we see the hundredth part of what exists?
Our eyes, our ears, our sense of smell, our taste create as many truths as there are men on earth.
There is no use in crying. No one will hear you.
I can't understand his ideas at all.
We're not so young that we don't understand what love is.
The richer the city, the more rubbish it generates.
I'm not in good shape.
It doesn't matter anymore.
It hadn't crossed my mind.
Please have a drink.
Who was that you were with last night?
We remind you that all library books are due to be returned by 15th October.
I declare this supermarket open.
We find him not guilty.
I plead not guilty.
I apologize.
It's hot in here.
I sentence you to ten years.
I absolve you from your sins.
I'm in the bath.
Have a drink.
I'm following their every move.
Go on, snigger.
You cease to care.
Can I speak with Judy?
What's this smell?
An individual is the smallest unit of the society.
He doesn't mean to be mean. It's just his nature.
They were marooned on a desert isle.
My dad gives me a weekly allowance that I use to buy comics and ice cream.
He gets really testy when he doesn't get his way.
Susan, I'm sorry if I lead you on but the truth is that I'm just not interested.
Just because I'm alone doesn't mean I'm lonely.
Cheer up John. There are more fish in the sea.
I can't begin to fathom how someone could believe that one race is superior to another.
It's better to take things in stride than to stress out over every little detail.
She has never been in love.
Barbara regaled us with amazing stories about her trip to Tibet.
We have to abandon the plan.
What is at issue in this debate is the survival of our planet.
This e-mail is confidential and it is intended only for the addressees.
I also think so.
The Bible is a best-seller book.
You and I have unfinished business.
If it must be that way, so be it.
The apple does not fall far from the tree.
What do you want to do today?
Checkmate!
We are familiar with this song.
I will speak with you tomorrow.
He has a pain in his side.
Yeah, I felt bad when we broke up, but I don't lose any sleep over it.
She's made up her mind and refuses to be talked out of it.
Hello Mimi! How are you?
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it's worth watching.
Are you well?
The cochlea implant is a technically ingenious device.
We want complete sentences.
Don't change sentences that are correct. You can, instead, submit natural-sounding alternative translations.
Don't add sentences from copyrighted sources.
We want natural-sounding translations, not word-for-word direct translations.
Make a good translation of the sentence that you are translating. Don't let translations into other languages influence you.
Don't add annotations.
We have no expectations of victory.
In 1918, revolts due to the price of rice erupted all around the country.
Date of last revision of this page: 2010-11-03
Who walks on the Great Wall conquers bravitude.
Run, comrade, the old world is behind you!
He has a lot of land.
He owns a lot of land.
You don't need to call me.
Change the flag, please.
We need to make sure you are human. What are the five first letters of your email?
She's never fallen in love.
Should we change the flag?
Should we change the Australian flag?
In this paper they made the remarkable prediction that radiation (in the form of photons) from the very hot stages of the universe should still be around today.
It is, moreover, very difficult to explain in any other way why there should be so much helium in the universe.
Everybody, let's have a good year.
This was a translation of copyrighted material, so I deleted it since copyright owners have the right to control derivative works.
He's just kidding you.
This is not a method, this is provocation.
You have ten seconds left to live.
He is the least likely to come.
He's the most likely to succeed.
He is very afraid of dogs.
I'm going to give a paper at this year's conference on biomedical ethics.
The operation was really touch and go there for awhile but the doctor thinks he'll pull through.
If you've never had a pint of Guinness in a real Irish pub, I highly recommend it.
Real men go to the gym to pump iron, not to do aerobics.
You know you're in pathetic shape when you can't even do one chin-up.
In footnotes, book titles and journal names are written in italics.
There has been a rash of burglaries in my neighborhood.
According to Andy Warhol, everyone will have fifteen minutes of fame.
My neighbor found a cache of ancient Roman coins using his metal detector.
In Mexico, most small towns have a patron saint whose feast day is celebrated with great fanfare.
Years of running in marathons have taken a toll on my knees.
"What's your poison?" "Oh, give me a gin and tonic."
This species of moth has evolved an ingenious camouflage for blending into its surroundings.
"Just go in and tell the boss you want a raise." "That's easier said than done."
Nobody knows as many stories as the god of sleep.
It saddens me to hear you say that.
He doesn't know it yet, but he's already dead.
My tailor is rich.
It's taken him a year, but I think he's finally come to grips with the death of his wife.
That twenty-kilometer run really wiped me out.
Greek and Latin are useful languages. That's why I study them.
We celebrate November 28 as Tatoeba day because it is the day when Turkish, Esperanto and Greek were added.
All license number plates of all countries are different.
G'day.
He's not as strong as before.
Did you remember to turn the cooker off?
He who says big, does a little.
The number of contributions represents the number of sentences added plus the number of translations added plus the number of sentences modified.
He's an important person in the FBI.
He's as strong as a horse.
He's as timid as a rabbit.
He's very timid.
He contributed a lot of money.
He committed suicide by taking poison.
Yes, she'll probably come home.
He made a lot of money in his new business.
I'm in China for less than a month.
They went by subway.
We would like to eat. Could you serve us expressly? We need to be on our way before half past one.
You have only ten seconds left to live.
There's no more room in hell.
He quietly knocked on the door.
About how many times a month do you wash your car?
He sometimes visits me.
Run for your life!
He was naughty when he was a boy.
Recently, he's been drinking too much.
Unfortunately I hardly speak any German.
My brother is watching TV.
In order to study computational linguistics it's necessary to know various languages, however, one also has to be familiar with the use of computers.
One language is never enough.
What is this called?
What is this thing called?
What is this item called?
He will come on June 24th.
I'll never forget this experience.
I'll never leave you.
He couldn't hold his temper any longer.
He could no longer contain his anger.
My younger brother is watching TV.
My older brother is watching TV.
I think what you're doing is right.
Mary was chosen amongst 500 applicants.
Just as I was asking her to marry me, an impudent fellow jumped in.
Mary was chosen from among 500 applicants.
The waterways branch out across the plain.
What is difficult about Japanese is the writing system.
Last night I saw Pulp Fiction.
Don't release that dog.
Don't let that dog go.
Men go and come, but earth abides.
He's not my boyfriend, it's just platonic love with benefits!
A lion is an animal.
There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
I remember everything.
And while I'm at it, I have another question.
A dog's sense of smell is much keener than a human's.
I kept him company while his wife was in surgery.
Tomorrow's total eclipse of the sun will be visible from the southern hemisphere.
There can be walls without a roof, but no roof without walls.
'Philosophy' is a Greek word that means the love of wisdom.
I'm really bad with names, but I never forget a face.
I said that I could, not that I would.
The sooner we start, the sooner we'll finish.
The scene of the car accident was a horrifying sight.
Sooner or later, every parent has to have a talk with their children about the birds and the bees.
This new Macintosh computer puts the competition to shame.
Mileage varies with driving conditions.
In space, no one can hear you scream.
The angry mob overturned cars and smashed storefront windows.
The plastic surgeon botched the facelift and was sued for millions.
During droughts, farmers are barely able to eke out a living.
Cancer patients often have to deal with debilitating bouts of nausea.
Death is an integral part of life.
You obtained more than me.
The doctor took my pulse.
He doffed his hat when he saw me.
The mountaineer set out for the summit.
Do you have any knowledge of French?
I don't know where my watch is.
His house is somewhere around here.
His study faces the park.
People show up bright on an infrared camera because of their body heat.
No man is a prophet in his own land.
I did not participate in the dialog.
Mary paid five dollars for her lunch.
I was at Kyoto once.
First, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, tenth... penultimate, last.
I'm very worried about my weight.
I have to get some sleep.
You're never fully dressed, until you put up a smile.
Worrying doesn't take away tomorrow's concerns, but it does take away today's power.
Sisters and chocolate make life bearable.
Have you heard the latest rumours?
The label on my scarf says, "Wash and iron inside out." I wonder how I'm supposed to do that.
It went without a hitch.
My letter went unheeded.
If you hadn't done it, someone else would have.
Muslims adhere to the teaching of the prophet Mohammed.
How long ago did you start learning Esperanto?
After six months in China, you will realize that you regret not accepting that pizza before you left.
Eureka!
I'm crazy for you!
I'm sad without you.
Your intelligence is as vast as the distance between Bombay and Mumbai.
I speak Interlingua.
Your grammar is better than your breath.
My horizons are broader than your pupils after cannabis consumption!
Maybe I shouldn't tell you this, but I am truly mesmerized by your beauty.
It was a pleasure to spend the evening with a smart, funny and beautiful girl like you.
No words can express how amazing you are.
It's rare to meet nice people like you.
There is something very charming about you.
I couldn't take my eyes off of you from the minute I entered this room.
It's the first time in my life I've felt so connected with someone.
I would swim through the ocean just to see your smile again.
You know I'd do anything for your beautiful eyes.
You have very sexy legs.
The sound of your voice is like siren's song to me.
Contemplating the reason for existence means contemplating non-existing things.
I can go wherever you like.
I am more worried about you than the future of Japan.
They took the refugees into their home.
She would have come willingly, but she was on vacation.
I fully agree with all of you.
Did you meet him recently?
I looked for it everywhere but didn't find it.
It exists, but seeing as it is taboo and that nobody talks about it, there's no need to have words for it.
I have never read that book.
How do you know they're not just giving you a weird look because you have a funny face?
Next time, I'll do it myself.
I am a man; no human is strange to me.
Your fine, curly hair looks as appetizing as glass noodles.
Just like here.
I dare not probe too deeply, lest I uncover the awful truth!
Looking at your eyes, I thought you must have been smoking crack, but then I realized you were an anime character.
I wonder how I can distinguish a coldly smiling smiley from an honestly smiling one.
Technically, drugs that cause miosis can relieve the PNS effects of those causing mydriasis since sympathetic and parasympathetic stimulation tend to negate each others' effects.
That's true.
Egoists do not meet, they collide with each other.
It's one o'clock.
I do anything I feel like.
Don't forget to put the cap back on the soda bottle so it doesn't go flat.
I can go months without an alcoholic drink, but not even one hour without a cigarette.
To translate is to betray.
Let's go out to eat.
Caffeine is a purinergic antagonist that competitively inhibits adenosine at the sites of P1 receptors.
Jail is a very harsh punitive measure.
Their team has a strong sense of unity.
He's suffering from acute pain in his life.
The government was overthrown in a revolutionary coup.
He was beaten into submission.
He is an exemplary person with an excellent reputation.
My poor state of mind made me distraught.
Their deep love for each other was unequivocal.
Seeing something in a different context than the accustomed one can be surprising.
I gained comprehensive knowledge of God after reading the bible.
I hope I can levitate one day.
Meditation gives me peace of mind.
They have eyes but they do not see - ears, and they do not hear.
In the Bermuda Triangle there is a parallel universe.
I live on the first floor.
Who does not work, also does not have the right to eat.
It's like water on the duck's back.
Everyone is master in his own house.
Many politicians don't keep their promises.
This house is famous.
There are many politicians who don't keep their promises.
You may have to wait several weeks until a sentence you added is indexed by the search engine.
Good lunch.
The child annoyed him with questions.
The child annoyed her with questions.
Don't want you to hurry, but let's take the next bus.
These are my books, those are his.
I'm the happiest man on Earth!
With improper use, he damaged the machine.
I understood what she said.
It is time to study Japanese.
This place is boring.
Why should I listen to you?
That is not safe.
I hope you fall in a ditch.
Give me your best food.
I will do it tomorrow.
You'll do it today right?
Are you going to come tomorrow?
Was it interesting?
It's a lot of fun.
Go right ahead.
We've got a problem.
Do you come here often?
That was good.
What is the number?
What is that thing?
Can you give me this one, please?
Which one is good?
Who will do it?
Do you have any English-Japanese dictionaries?
This is the one I'll use.
Are you going to buy a dictionary?
What did you drink?
Which one are you going to use?
When will it be good?
Which one is broken?
Who is coming?
Let's go to the club.
I listened, but I didn't hear anything.
It was convenient.
I have a test today, too.
I am going, too.
Please say it one more time.
Do you have any more big ones?
I will take both this one and that one.
Please speak more clearly.
Please speak more quickly.
Please give me the correct answer.
Please don't use English.
Excuse me for what I did.
Can you speak Japanese, too?
I can speak it a little.
Isn't it a bit small?
How many do you need?
I love Chinese food.
Is that all you have?
Listen, I think that you are barking up the wrong tree here.
Don't look over there.
If you eat that you will die.
This is a no smoking zone.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
You have absolutely nothing to fear.
You will be reunited with your family very soon, and in good health.
A fool and his money are easily parted.
We can touch each other now.
Peter always makes a mountain out of a molehill.
That did me good.
I remember that laugh.
She was in dire straits, but made a virtue out of necessity.
Deep down I was delighted.
How can you stand it?
There is no paint.
Seeing my collection of frogs would make your hair stand on end.
We can watch on the screen you see in front of you.
We still can't see it.
I wondered if I could be dreaming.
Did you like that?
Is it possible to travel at such a high speed?
That was nothing.
Where are the satellites?
How far away are we?
Who would have dared?
You can do the same now.
Can you explain it to me?
It is very simple.
Everything happened very quickly and it was all very strange.
She was tempted to call his bluff, hardly believing that he would carry out his threat.
I cannot look at you when I speak to you.
We've just received intelligence that the enemy is waiting in ambush two miles down the road.
I know that this is the first time this has happened to you.
Don't call us, we'll call you.
If you have an indoor swimming pool, you're probably pretty rich.
Chinese calligraphy is considered an art form.
The effect was immediate.
It's an intriguing theory, but I don't see how it can be tested.
A moldy loaf of bread lay on the table.
Everyone's eyes were fixed on the screens.
In the room, all was silent.
Nothing had moved.
I could have sworn something moved.
I was horrified by what I saw.
I must say that they didn't really seem surprised.
It was truly an abomination.
We had a very close view.
Everything was completely black.
I could not understand what prevented me from moving.
I couldn't do that either.
I am sorry to have made you wait.
Again, a thousand apologies.
I'm going to ask you to go and change.
I'll show you where.
I was really quite stiff.
I was a dwarf compared with my hostesses.
As a last precaution, I put a flashlight into my pack.
Why does this always happen to me?
They seemed to be watching something.
I felt pressure on my shoulder and turned around.
No one could believe they were false.
I was about to reply, when an almost general exclamation made us turn our eyes to the panel.
They moved quicker than horses in gallop.
The creatures were struck dead, one after the other, with amazing precision and effectiveness.
Everything had happened so quickly.
Her face reflects disgust and sadness, rather than anger.
Not one was left alive.
It's quite possible.
Can you tell me what is happening?
Who are these people?
It would take too long to explain to you.
In fact, a group of their ancestors peopled a continent on the planet Earth about 250 000 of your Earth years ago.
Do you mean a total nuclear war?
It was quite fascinating to see how these men were surviving.
Can you tell me what the temperature is down there at the moment?
It's wonderful!
Exactly, my dear.
I was a little put out by this.
I ask that you forgive me.
She gave me a wide smile.
I won't do it again.
They didn't seem to notice it.
How is it that we can see things so clearly?
However, the close-ups were excellent.
It was really horrible.
What is the age of the oldest?
Do you know?
It was all more and more surprising.
This was a good feeling.
I felt even smaller.
I am delighted to have you on board.
She repeated my name several times slowly, as would someone who had difficulty pronouncing a new language.
The three of them began to laugh.
Please compliment her on my behalf.
I'm still having a hard time convincing myself that this is not a fantastic dream.
How could she have understood what I said?
I am going to introduce you to the rest of the crew.
Cows give milk.
There was a striking resemblance between them.
I might like to follow her lead.
I experienced a sense of well-being and was neither hungry nor thirsty.
Perhaps you would have preferred a French dish.
She spoke rapidly.
From all evidence, I was the main topic of conversation.
To my great surprise, her eyes fixed on me and she smiled.
She waited for my reply.
I expressed a warm thanks.
Did they understand?
For most of them, this is quite a rare experience.
Are you from a planet solely populated by women?
Had I said something stupid?
There are no women aboard this ship.
At this point, my confusion was absolute.
I had an expression of disbelief on my face.
No, I think you misunderstand.
I had believed myself to be among Amazons.
Who died and made you king?
In good time, you will understand, but now we should join the others.
We really do see people as we think they are and not as they are.
Oh please, not so fast.
I'm not good on technical terms.
Can you tell me instead, why the planets on the screen are coloured the way they are?
Sometimes because of their atmospheres and sometimes because of the gases which surround them.
How far are we from it?
How is it you use the numbers of Arabic?
I hate it here.
There was a very simple reason for this: their planet was cooling down internally and would become uninhabitable within 500 years.
I must tell you that these beings were humans who were very intelligent and highly evolved.
A black race, they had thick lips, flattened noses and frizzy hair resembling, in these ways, the blacks now living on Earth.
Today is not my day.
I see a bright future for you.
The two races witnessed numerous revolutions during their time on the planet.
My friends and I are going out today.
The film Biutiful melted my heart.
It is raining hard outside.
I don't like this one here you go.
That girl over there is very fat.
What do you mean they are killing each other?
My therapist told me to go to a bar and strike up a conversation with a complete stranger.
Let me explain the whole situation to you and you'll be able to understand better.
I don't like the way you look.
You are a mean person.
Life is unfair.
Stop whining like a baby.
I don't want to hear your excuses.
You always destroy everything.
I have some kool aid in the refrigerator.
My college tuition is too expensive.
Don't give me that sour look.
I love chicken.
Many Americans are obese.
The price of gas is rising.
I want a 7 layered burrito from Taco Bell.
Even idiots can give good advice.
I am full.
I don't like your behavior.
Please calm down.
I am sorry for what I did.
That is wet.
Do you intend to come tomorrow?
These are my books, and those are his books.
If you don't like it then you can leave.
Jack isn't there.
In the restaurant we were yesterday evening, we had to wait two hours before ordering. What a terrible establishment!
I'll be back later.
Follow your sister's example.
Can I go horseback riding next Sunday?
I could really use a change in scenery!
I visited him on Sunday morning.
Every dog is valiant at his own door.
Darn it!
Where is the bus stop?
I'm sure you'll find a good job.
You can't have left it at the airport.
Tom might be in New York.
Tomorrow it will rain in the south of England.
I'll take a steak.
We needn't have called the doctor.
We didn't need to call the doctor.
This damned computer won't work.
I was made to open my briefcase.
He caused me to miss the bus.
I got him to accept my help.
Our team can win.
Our team may win.
He promised he would help us.
He promised he would tell us.
He said he would come.
He said he would have come.
At the same time, they allowed themselves to be duped and led in circles by a structure of politicians and bureaucrats.
The universe is a gigantic atom and everything is affected by it.
It must have taken years for such a task!
How could I know?
I wish you would stop doubting me.
Where do they do that at?
What I was hearing was so fantastic!
I must acknowledge the evidence.
If you make a mistake, you pay the penalty.
Serve the meal on a plate.
They had to start from scratch.
They must have taken you to be gods!
One of the main problems was food.
Needless to say, theft was a rare occurrence.
What sorts of weapons did they have?
Little by little they spread further.
It could be seen by the naked eye.
Where were they going?
It must have been a frightening sight for them to watch.
I have been wanting to ask you a question.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
I could die of fright.
When you make the first one fall, all the others must fall right down to the last one.
I confess that I don't understand.
We are entrusting you with a mission.
I was dazzled.
It's all right for now.
It was as if they considered me one of them.
It is as clear to me as if it were yesterday.
I was able to admire its body.
I feel I need a whole new lexicon, as my language fails me.
Is that music I hear?
It is restful, isn't it?
I was so relaxed to the point of crying.
I found the light to be no less tolerable than with it on.
Come, let me show you around.
It really is the height of comfort!
Either you are teasing me or you are making fun of me.
When you taste it, you will find all this food excellent and very nourishing.
Indeed, I must have looked idiotic, for all eyes were fixed on me.
Am I safe here?
Yes, I have heard mention of that, but I love to hear it from you.
I know there are people who can see it.
He could read me like an open book.
Night brings counsel.
This isn't going to end well, I feel it!
I've met him on several occasions.
Where are the children?
Did you know that you were wearing odd socks?
Why don't people say what they mean?
Well, it was different.
What's the historian's duty?
There's someone at the door.
What kind of information do you get from dictionary entries?
I came with my friends.
When did you arrive in China?
When did you learn to swim?
You too, my son.
He is right once in a blue moon.
I'm having a bash myself at the ballet.
They have a nerdy fascination.
They're mocking you.
They usually drum their fingers at red lights.
Thanks for bringing the washing in, Gerry.
I move that hanging be abolished.
Rules are all or nothing.
Will you get my bed jacket?
The management wishes to inform guests that the television has been fitted with an anti-theft device.
Pause the game.
What's on?
Nowadays city living is stressful and offers no advantages.
There are both advantages and disadvantages to city living.
I refuse to be treated like a child.
Sir, I would like to deposit my money. How do I do that?
"May I use your pencil?" "Yes, you may."
Christmas is approaching.
It'll be fine, don't be afraid!
Are you picking me up at 7 tomorrow morning?
Everybody says that he is a kind soul.
A pot belly is an occupational hazard for office workers.
It will be best if you stay at home to rest today.
By the age of 25, she had lived in 5 different countries before.
She does not like sushi.
Even if they have a good wine menu, I will not want to dine here.
Both armies were placed one in front of the other and spent their days doing nothing.
This part of the museum is temporarily off-limits to visitors.
Please remain seated until the aircraft arrives at the gate.
I don't know how to pay you this amount of money.
Boxers have to weigh in before a fight.
January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November and December are the twelve months of the year.
The true art of life consists in seeing the miraculous in the everyday.
Life is often compared with a voyage.
This was in year two thousand.
It is going to be quite cold.
It is going to be rather cold.
It is going to be rather cool.
It is going to be quite cool.
I lived in Nagoya for over a month.
They come from Sweden.
My house has two flights of stairs.
Well, that's pretty untranslatable, isn't it?
You come from Sweden.
What do you think of her attitude?
Emperor Hadrian had Hadrian's Wall built.
He often watches TV.
She's always trying to help other people.
He must have left.
She might be leaving.
He can't have lost his keys.
I have bought a car.
When he arrived, I made coffee.
When he arrived, I was making coffee.
My cat has been dead for two days.
The bomb exploded two days ago.
I've got married ten years ago.
I have been married for ten years.
When shall we meet again?
When will we meet again?
That guy is having an affair with your sister!
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, hundred.
They made her learn maths.
You should read Shakespeare's sonnets.
You should be reading Shakespeare's sonnets.
She admitted to having stolen the jewels.
Her studies contributed greatly to developing scientific research.
I hope we'll see each other again soon.
She doesn't have any brothers.
Go straight down the road, and when you pass the traffic light you're there.
In 1900 he left England, never to return.
There's more wind today than yesterday.
It's windier today than it was yesterday.
Sometimes, questions provide us with more information than answers.
I don't drink that much beer.
I don't drink all that much beer.
Sometimes, questions rather than answers provide us with more information.
In my opinion, lack of a mission makes one's life vane.
This video is of interest to anyone who likes classical music and the cello in particular.
Why do people kill themselves?
I really hurried.
Where did you get all those keys?
Has he given up cigarettes?
The doctor emphasized that the patient only had a few days to live.
Was this wall built to keep people out or to keep them in?
He's already been offered a couple of positions but he tells me he's holding out for a better salary.
We went to a secondary school to invigilate today.
When I am in London, I will most probably go catch a few performances.
I'm starting to bleed.
The judges could see no clear winner in the match and decided to declare it a draw.
We all chipped in to buy our teacher a birthday present.
I found the secret compartment quite by accident.
When was the last time you had a really good cry?
Cats hate to get wet.
Their modest income doesn't allow for many luxuries.
She wouldn't let up until I agreed to go to the movies with her.
He swam until he could swim no more.
A white car has been tailing me for the last two miles.
"Are you sure you want me to tell you?" "Please, I'm all ears!"
I wonder how much Darby's new boob job set her back.
Dogs wag their tails and cats swish theirs.
My glasses keep slipping down my nose.
He's a widower with three small children to take care of.
Tomorrow I'm going to throw a watermelon off the roof of a five-story building just for the hell of it.
Many companies monitor their employees' internet activity.
Which came first, the chicken or the egg?
He fashioned a walking stick from a fallen branch.
He has a fearsome intellect before which even the most learned cower.
Every wall of his apartment is covered from floor to ceiling with books.
I want my life to amount to more than just consuming products and generating garbage.
I'm the king of the world!
You know you have a problem when you light up a cigarette while you already have one lit in the ashtray.
Get lost!
I can't get over it.
Ah, okay!
You made the same mistake.
I needed just that.
Prolonging the discussion will bring us nowhere.
The most successful scientists are those who pose the right questions.
Languages aren't his forte.
When does the restaurant close?
I have lived many shameful events during my life.
When I was a child, the most painful time of the day was mealtime.
An increasing number of American parents are opting to home-school their children.
A glass of wine in the evening helps me to unwind after a busy day.
After winning the lottery she went on a shopping binge.
She belted out tune after tune at the karaoke bar.
We should keep this information under wraps for the time being.
It looks like it's going to snow.
I want to go to Italy.
I don't know what the word 'impossible' means.
I don't know the word 'impossible'.
I haven't seen anyone that enjoyed a better life than his, even though his living conditions were terrible.
Marjane Satrapi's mother is Tadji.
Marjane Satrapi's father is Ebi.
This is my home.
I couldn't care less what they say.
Water law is the field of law dealing with the ownership, control, and use of water as a resource.
Criminal law, also known as penal law, involves prosecution for an act that has been classified as a crime.
Neither a borrower nor a lender be.
Everybody feels at home with him.
Everybody feels comfortable with him.
Hello, are you well?
I was having my lunch, when the phone rang.
I'll call you.
I'll give you a call.
If anybody is still absent, please send their names to me.
So we're gonna have a barbecue party. Tell your parents that my parents are gonna be there.
The cuffs of his suit jacket are badly frayed.
Sometimes it's hard to be tactful and honest at the same time.
I need you to take in the hem by about an inch.
We'd like to give this to you as a token of our appreciation.
His toupee looks like a dead cat.
The tree's root system stretches over thirty meters.
When it comes to dancing I have two left feet.
Frogs turn into princes only in fairy tales.
I lifted my daughter up so she could put the star on top of the Christmas tree.
Hailing a cab in Manhattan at 5:00 p.m. is nearly impossible.
The falling of the Berlin Wall was truly a momentous occasion.
It was a dark and stormy night.
The rejected feel dejected.
Please include a self-addressed, stamped envelope with your submission.
I have a wooden back-scratcher whose tip is carved in the shape of a hand.
Every successful writer has a drawer full of rejection letters.
There's a sucker born every minute.
Don't believe everything you read.
Mary had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow.
He's got what it takes to make it in the business world.
This apple began to rot.
I am glad to help you.
I'm on the go.
I still haven't done it.
He was so tired that he fell right to sleep.
I own this car.
Will you be taking a holiday this year?
I found the key I was looking for.
I did not do it.
How is this explained?
There is my answer to your question.
Your physical body will wear out and die one day.
I cannot say how much time passed.
What happened to me?
When I woke up I felt rested and refreshed.
Today we are going to show you something of our country and introduce you to some very interesting people.
I wondered how I would cope with this.
I couldn't help but remark on it.
Are we interrupting them in their work?
Most of the people in this town are on vacation.
She is not only well known in India, but is also well known in China.
If it isn't on Tatoeba, it isn't a sentence.
I put the money into the safe.
Just because it's in Tatoeba.org's database, doesn't mean it's a sentence.
I remember meeting the queen.
I remember that I met the queen.
Is the rat alive or dead?
Kate and Brian discuss the picture.
An error is not worth death.
International law is a branch of law.
Allah rocks!
For comfortable weekly shopping you have to have a car.
I am a Polish journalist.
Millions of people understand interlingua at first sight.
Hope while you live.
Experienced editors do good work.
He drew a blank when I asked him what he remembered of the accident.
One of the perks of my promotion is a chic, corner office with a great view of the skyline.
We haven't seen hide nor hair of him since he eloped with his girlfriend.
Sorry honey, there's just no way I can take a whole evening of cocktail party chitchat.
My doctor thinks it's cancerous but told me to feel free to get a second opinion.
She's going to ruin her life if she marries that good-for-nothing. Someone should knock some sense into her.
The unexamined life is not worth living.
Give them to her.
Give them to him.
The lake has frozen over but I'm not sure the ice is strong enough to walk on.
Those supposed photos of a UFO were finally debunked as an elaborate forgery.
The asteroid broke up into small pieces as it entered Earth's atmosphere.
The badly decomposed body of a young girl was found on the side of a highway.
In the beginning I did not like him, but now I do.
Give it to them.
You speak a bit too fast for me. Could you speak a bit more slowly, please?
It's a little farther ahead.
It was harder than I thought.
His eyes were full of tears.
Do you want a punch?
Chinese and Italian are the most beautiful languages in the world.
I can't stand so many cars honking their horns at the same time!
It doesn't hurt.
It won't hurt.
I'll wait here until she comes.
I was as cool as a cucumber.
My goal is to make people know art.
How was it at your birthday?
I had no work yesterday.
People, a good year to all of us!
He read this poem only once, he can't know it by heart.
Studying really isn't something easy.
That boy doesn't eat candies.
That boy doesn't eat.
That gentleman isn't a teacher, he's a doctor.
You're watching AnnoZero, eh?
We will return sooner or later.
I've got much work to do at the moment.
I was going out.
I'm going out.
I thought I could smoke.
Come on, you have to explain it again to him.
I brought a book.
At five I was already able to ski.
I studied Italian in Florence, not in Perugia.
My school is near to the station.
His brother is married but he hasn't any children.
It's hard to forget instantly a long love story.
The mother is certain, the father is not.
What will it be of us?
I'm sick, so don't talk me about food.
Facebook eats up a lot of my time.
He became blind because of the accident.
Saint Thomas proved the existence of God with five arguments, the so called five ways.
According to Saint Thomas, reason can help faith in three ways.
But what do you want?
I'd like to buy some stickers.
During the first quarter we'll make two rounds of orals.
Don't you get bored at scouts?
Miss Italia is a really sad show.
We don't have much time. Let's hurry.
My mother is crazy.
Doing homework is extremely boring.
A powerful downdraft sent the plane plunging.
I didn't do my homework.
Which town is this?
The dog barked all night long, but nobody cared.
Learning a foreign language is interesting.
Her questions show that she understands the subject very well.
I don't want to read this book.
What did you do this summer?
I studied Chinese at the University of Venice.
Her questions indicate that she understands the subject very well.
Take a paper and write!
I think that my girlfriend leaves tomorrow for Scotland.
This evening I'd stay at home.
I'm sure that he'll succeed.
I look at people walking.
Tomorrow the teacher will not attend the class.
I walked to school when I was young.
You remember things more easily than me.
They usually get home later than us.
I'm not as talkative as you.
I'll never forget meeting you.
I'll remember you forever.
We came up with some interesting ways to surprise her on her birthday.
You are my obsession.
I'd like to drink some tea or coffee.
I won't go skating today.
She bought a vacuum cleaner at the supermarket.
It is not easy to catch a hare with your bare hands.
Dogs can't distinguish between colors.
Dogs can't tell colors apart.
She walked twenty miles a day.
He didn't do any work.
Let's go away.
Everyone has what he deserves.
It isn't a real apartment.
It isn't a true apartment.
There is a rapid increase in shops struggling in the depression.
Write down the facts needed to convince other people.
Mr Smith said, "There's no need for the marines."
Her long hair was completely wet.
Shit, where the fuck did I put my home keys?
When I think of our standing in the series from now I don't want us to lose even once!
He held the trophy on high.
This is centrifugal force, which Newton viewed as absolute motion.
This house and this land is mine!
After climbing Mt Fuji I got the inspiration for a poem.
Because they "could not both support wife and airplane" the two brothers spent their lives as bachelors.
She wrapped the gift in white tissue paper and put a big red bow on top.
I hope to see reindeer on my trip to Sweden.
This guy's great at pitching curveballs.
The police used a battering ram to break down the door.
I can't get this silly tune out of my head!
Do you know the value of fear?
He balked at the suggestion that he give ten percent of his income to charity.
The rules of grammar and spelling have to be broken in order for a language to evolve.
I tipped the cabbie ten bucks for getting me to the airport on time.
Draw two concentric circles of differing diameters.
The lovers fell into each other's arms every chance they got.
This particular model has a really low battery life.
The stench of rotting flesh overwhelmed us as we entered the room.
I asked the butcher to trim all the fat off of the meat.
In some cultures, a resounding belch after a meal is considered a compliment to the chef.
Who is the owner of this car?
Correct!
It's true!
My compliments to the hands that made this possible.
Chapeau!
We agree.
She's way taller than me.
I don't like telling her the truth.
I've been out of the loop for a while. Can you bring me up to speed?
You are a singer.
Cook the rice.
I'm still not really happy.
It's familiar to me.
Are you done washing your hands?
Please attend my birthday party.
It belongs to my brother.
I want to go to my bed!
I'm playing with my computer.
Translating sentences on Tatoeba is more fun than doing homework.
Kojien uses a paper that contains titanium.
Daijisen and Daijirin are very similar.
There's a dead body under the cherry tree!
We're almost like brothers.
We're just like brothers.
I'm thinking of you.
There are dead bodies under the cherry trees!
I have a project to do.
That feast was one of the best I ever had.
The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents. We live on a placid island of ignorance in the midst of black seas of infinity, and it was not meant that we should voyage far. The sciences, each straining in its own direction, have hitherto harmed us little; but some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the deadly light into the peace and safety of a new dark age.
I love you, too.
I want to go to bed!
Can you explain the way to me?
Put a piece of cake aside for me. I have to go.
The airplane was redirected to Munich, because of the fog.
It is unbelievable that he did something like that.
Each has his own duty to do.
Man cannot live forever.
Don't kid me!
80% of the world's computerized information is in English.
He is embarrassed by his son's behaviour.
With a little more patience, you could have solved the puzzle.
Where did it happen?
If only I was younger.
Many people gathered under this banner of freedom.
The more we learn, the more we know.
We're out of stock.
There are various reasons why a house may be left vacant.
Let it all hang out.
His answer was negative.
My condolences!
Our condolences!
I have known the deceased for a long time.
The person who wrote that book is possessed of both humour and wit, isn't he?
It is, even now, a book loved by men and women alike.
Technology progresses steadily.
Do you love each other that much?
Do you love each other to that extent?
Surely one shouldn't knock ash from your cigarette out the car window.
They're related to each other.
In Japan, practically every family has a washing machine.
He's a year and five months old, but he can't walk yet.
It was a forced smile.
It's surely a view the townsfolk are attached to.
The hinges are really squeaky. Could you oil them please?
Sometimes a dog can be a dangerous animal.
Our whole case hinges on whether the government's actions were constitutional or not.
If ifs and buts were candy and nuts, we'd all have a merry Christmas.
He always appeared to be ready to discuss anything and was very tolerant.
The sheep graze the grass in the field.
The shepherd counts the sheep: "One, two, three, four, five ... one hundred."
All our wishes of happiness!
It is a dialogue of the deaf.
She's been dropping some not-so-subtle hints about what she would like for Christmas.
A female friend of mine loves to go to gay bars with me.
I'd be willing to do anything to get that job.
They call Paris the City of Lights, but Las Vegas may be more deserving of that title.
The tree roots have burst through the cement at several points along the sidewalk.
It's an idea whose time has come.
My bad.
Stop slagging off my brilliant idea, it's not naive at all!
My father is a civil engineer.
The gallows were already standing on the square.
At the market, the farmer is selling his farmer's bread.
Class is dismissed.
Only the truth hurts.
A cup of coffee, please.
I am the state.
Do you hear the birds singing?
Conscience grows from language, so be careful about what you write or translate in here.
He likes to run.
Can you explain to me why you refused his offer?
The lesson will begin on Monday.
Oh, you, oh! Come, we must go now.
I got divorced.
Give it to him.
Give it to her.
See you tonight! See you soon!
This novel is boring.
Friday's behaviour shows his total submission and devotion to Robinson, because the Englishman saved him from the cannibals.
The author states his opinion supporting it with academic research.
It is the character that seals the destiny of everyone.
Being on time is a symptom of a boring life.
Life is one awakening after the other.
Life is hard.
In this restaurant the food is good.
It is possible that you win the competition.
She is the most boring girl I ever knew.
I'd like a pastry and a cappuccino.
When you travel abroad, you need change in the currency of the country you are visiting to pay for a taxi, a cup of coffee or a tip.
You look awful.
Potato chips are not good for you.
How long do you think we were away?
I understood the reason for this.
Did you realize that you haven't eaten anything since this morning?
You are going to lose weight at this rate.
The whole system is distorted.
There is something I don't understand.
Don't you feel in some way responsible?
We chose the lesser of the two evils.
Do you have a solution?
Violence does not pay, and never will.
I will give you a good example to illustrate what I mean.
What time do you open?
Jump.
The people were through with violence.
One cup of coffee, please.
He took her in his arms to help her, but she couldn't stand.
I was curious to see evidence of this.
They knew well what was in store for them.
You must have come here as a kid.
My friend asked me if I was feeling all right.
"Thick description" is a term coined by Clifford Geertz.
How do you do that?
I had my driving licence renewed last month.
Faith is never perfect, but knowledge is.
I don't understand why this keeps coming loose.
Salted monkey nuts are popular in many parts of the world.
The greatest and most beautiful temple of man is inside himself.
They should not wait for help to come to them from elsewhere, or they will be disappointed.
She joined me in a wink of an eye.
I think we can go on our way now.
We'll show you the way.
I could never have imagined such a sensation.
It was so exhilarating.
I felt light as a feather.
The ocean stretched as far as the eye could see.
In my excitement, I wasn't aware of time.
I was literally stunned by what I saw.
It was completely astonishing, as you would expect.
My companions were watching me in silence and, unlike other times when my wonder had made them laugh, they remained serious.
I want my husband. Now.
Give me back my husband!
The penis of a dwarf elephant can reach the half meter in length.
That might be a little inconvenient for you, don't you think?
No one laughed at my little accident and everyone seemed a little sad.
It was so unusual for them that I was quite thrown by it.
I was not feeling very hungry.
The ear canal sends sound waves to the eardrum.
I'm going to tell you everything.
Carpenters cut wood.
I looked down and had absolutely nothing to say.
We sat together in silence for some time.
That couple was made for each other.
When they look at the forest, they don't see the trees.
I'll move soon.
Ordinary people possess enormous power.
He who lives by the sword will die by the sword.
Do not eat.
Well, speak of the devil.
I'm really sick of life.
I'm incredibly sick of living.
Don't move from here.
We can't deny the fact that Jessie is honest.
He does not have the money for buying a new car.
I will bring it right away.
This is an immutable truth.
These insects are widely distributed throughout Japan.
"What do you think?" "Well, I'm for it."
I don't like anything.
Thai Air celebrates its 50th anniversary this year.
Once he had written the letter, he sent it.
Sleeping in class is not allowed.
They had a banquet at 12:00.
Amnesia means "loss of memory".
These apples are big.
I have never signed a social contract.
No work is as hard as the one you don't like to do.
She became a mother when she was fifteen years old.
Make it a normal packed lunch, OK?
Atsushi may have been sick.
This is the watch that I bought yesterday.
I'll take your suitcase to your room, sir.
My pastor and I don't see eye to eye on the question of the literal interpretation of the bible.
I think I'll turn in now.
No practical joker should be without a whoopee cushion.
When I was young, I was a bit scruffy and there were times when I didn't take a bath for up to two weeks during the summer.
What fools men are in their salad days.
Mr. Morita started a business by using borrowed money as capital.
Sentence Number 888,888 will bring its owner years of happiness.
The horse balked at the jump.
This magnifying glass magnifies objects by 200 times.
Please find a solution to the problem.
Robert was always besieging people with requests.
Would you give me the recipe for your salad?
I speak English natively, Spanish fluently, and German haltingly.
The old gypsy moved her hand over the crystal ball and, peering inside, beheld my future.
Portugal has decriminalized the personal possession of drugs.
The Cuban Missile Crisis brought the world to the brink of nuclear war.
The Vietnam War is known in Vietnam, and quite appropriately, as the American War.
The results of a lie detector test are inadmissible in court.
Browsing long enough through eBay, you're sure to find something that you never knew you wanted.
The lawyer seems to think it'll be an open and shut case.
The black dog ran.
Not all those who wander are lost.
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
Beijing is bigger than Rome.
I don't feel responsible for what happened.
Death is similar to sleep.
Chinese is much more difficult than other foreign languages.
Men must not dress in black and white clothes because it is said that this brings bad luck.
Would you please explain the rules to me?
Please put this in the microwave oven.
Please put this into the microwave oven.
Neither is beautiful.
She found a job as a typist.
I got a new pair of shoes.
You found yourself a nice guy.
You've found a good man.
I think that you won't be able to do it.
She made a serious mistake.
He was considered to be an accomplice.
They thought that he was an accomplice.
We should call the police.
You should begin with easier questions.
We should call the doctor.
We should cancel the hike.
I have always wanted to become a teacher, but it didn't happen.
She left the company after 20 years.
For the rest of his life he'd remember every single detail of that morning.
Would you like some scrambled egg?
May I have your signature here, please?
This can holds about 4 gallons.
See that this never happens again.
You must see that the cakes do not burn.
I'm surprised to see you smoking; you didn't use to.
General Motors laid off 76,000 of its workers.
More than 40 percent of students go on to university.
I would greatly appreciate it if we could change our appointment to March 6 at 3:00 pm.
January 1st is the day when many Japanese go to shrines.
I can't make head or tail of what you say.
Perhaps our emotions make us who we are.
I go for a walk every day, except when it rains.
My sister started screaming bloody murder when she found out I'd read her diary.
The man is elegant.
One sentence may have multiple meanings in one language.
Lying is wrong.
This wall is taller than that one.
I have read that different idiots are of the same mind.
I'm proud that my father is a good cook.
I'm a little child.
If you want to be happy, be it.
What's the craziest thing you've done lately?
I've got a degree from a polytechnic.
I've got a university degree.
That's the craziest fucking thing I've ever heard!
I'm in the sixth form.
I can't understand what you're saying.
I'm going to go give my shoes to the cobbler.
They planned their first vacation.
They drank tea with lemon, for his nagging cough, with his usual lump and a half of sugar.
I've never met anyone who was able to learn how to play basketball just by reading a book. The same holds true for learning foreign languages as well.
You can count yourself lucky!
He wrote "Best regards" at the end of the letter and then went on to sign his name.
My ears feel stuffy.
My ears feel like they're stuffed up.
It's not long gone failure, nor heroic deeds to come, but here and now, which you should consider.
May I give you some advice?
This is the word I found in the dictionary.
We didn't talk yesterday.
That book is small.
Do you speak Turkish?
We thought that the message was true.
I don't speak Hebrew.
Where's the bathroom?
In that kind of case, it's best to make a trial of drawing up a budget.
You make an effort too!
He dressed him.
These adjectives are all positive.
She stayed there for a short while.
She stayed in that area for a short while.
This is a non-smoking compartment.
Every sentence that starts with "I'm not racist, but" is likely to be very racist indeed.
When will you leave for the Moon? We all need you.
You should take bus no. 5.
Taro gets angry quite quickly.
I had hoped to meet her there.
I had hoped to finish it yesterday.
Wha- Dad! What is this?! You said nobody was here.
Here today and gone tomorrow.
Returned to the villa, afternoon snack.
Don't get carried away and overeat.
I meant to look it up.
"How much is this camera worth?" "About 100 dollars."
He tried to solve the problem, but had no luck.
He decided to abandon law for art.
She drew her gun and said:
Tokyo Station is the third stop.
The artistic beauty of the garden is truly amazing.
The time-bomb exploded with a loud noise.
I want to try my best for as long as I am physically able to.
An absorbing tale of adventure.
People often say to my mother: "Please don't drink too much."
I don't think people should make a mountain of a mole hill.
The youth in Malaysia really like Korean and Japanese celebrities.
The nun's duty is to water the flowers and the cauliflowers.
I've come this far, so I'll keep going.
When I was young, my father often talked to me about the Golden Pavilion.
Has anybody here made a profit in futures trading?
I was going to run over the notes one last time, but there wasn't time.
The Journey: Per Ardua Ad Astra, Through hardship to the stars.
Did you already do your homework?
I felt that that somewhere in this world a mission which I knew nothing about yet was waiting for me.
He doesn't live far away.
Isn't it natural for a young man with a hard to shake reservedness about himself to think that he is secretly the chosen one?
The club has more than 50 members.
Dad is coming home tomorrow.
Trolling is an art.
Whatever you say, I won't believe you.
Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
Nowhere in the Bible does it state that Jesus wasn't a raptor.
Life is a great mystery.
Life is a great misery.
God and the devil are really super.
I'm really too drunk for this now.
Advanced learners of a language would usually get the gist but not the quirks.
The reason why many language learners never become fluent is that they talk the walk more than they walk the talk.
If you're not with us then you're against us.
You're either with us or against us.
Wealthy immigrants from China are happy to pay stratospherical prices for homes in Vancouver.
He lost his reason when he saw his house burned down.
When I was very young, my father died. His younger brother, due to the vicissitudes of the times and to his own laziness, dissipated his own fortune and afterwards became a peddler of writing materials. He often came to our house, but when he came, my mother would scold him and he would be troubled.
Do you need help carrying anything?
The dog ate my shoe.
The torch does not light its own stand.
Man may invent anything, save for the art of being happy.
He who does not see anything strange has never looked a lobster in the eyes.
There's always something good in human folly.
Swans understand signs.
The council refuses to grit my road.
Traffic was building up behind the gritter.
My university can't afford to grit its car parks.
I guess the battery is flat.
The VAT in Germany is 19 per cent.
I think, due to its importance, coffee should have at least one capital letter.
If I may speak from my own experience, the more difficult the problem is the more essential that becomes.
2200 dollars have been allocated for expenses.
Anyone can produce salt from seawater with a simple experiment.
That was a 'cutting the Gordian knot' type of solution.
The new constitution included the aim of abridging the king's power.
Job rotation is essential to running a business.
There is no God, unless you invent Him.
Coffee may have a bad effect on the stomach.
Not all the infectious diseases are contagious.
If Adam and Eve were the first and up to that point only people, who did beget their grandchildren?
I hope I sing better next time.
We must investigate social abuses.
At this time, we should wipe out crime and collusion.
We must not ignore populations suffering under misgovernment.
"Have you eaten?" "Yes, I have."
See more hereof hereafter.
It seems it was a gift for the 50th anniversary of Queen Elizabeth's accession to the throne.
Then a little time-wasting idea came to mind.
"When did Mr Ogawa arrive?" "Ten minutes ago."
God and the devil are awesome.
People under 18 do not marry.
Pinocchio says: "Now my nose will grow."
She is a singer without equal.
Who will see Vera will love her.
They looked at the photo taken of me when I was a boy and laughed.
I thought it was my brother.
He thought I was my brother.
I got acquainted with him three years ago.
He likes not only baseball but football as well.
He likes not only music but sports as well.
It's been ten years since my father died.
You don't say!
A curious German word is "entfernen" (to put some distance between), because the prefix "ent-" means to take something away, in this case the distance, but taking away the distance would mean to bring it closer which is the exact opposite of what the word "entfernen" means.
Don't leave the bicycle in the rain.
I like to take things apart to see what makes them tick.
That's all she wrote.
The robot's guidance system has gone haywire. It keeps bumping into walls.
I found this odd-looking device in an antique shop. What do you make of it?
Get a move on kids or you'll miss the school bus.
Hey Tom, I heard through the grapevine that you and Susie are going out. Way to go!
My colleague filled in for me while I was sick.
A stranger is a friend you just haven't met yet.
I doubt everything, even my own doubts.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
There are many beautiful things on earth that I don't need.
With pure logic you can prove the biggest nonsense.
Many ways lead to Rome.
It is not impossible just because no one has done it before.
I like to decorate my room with flowers.
The city is completely devastated.
What's Tony doing?
He lives in a cozy little house.
He lives somewhere near that park.
You look funny in that hat.
I'm very hungry; where can I find something to eat?
I'll boil the potatoes for you.
Ten, twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, sixty, seventy, eighty, ninety, one hundred.
Tom and Jim are the same height.
Would you like to take part in this risky experiment?
The best ear training is tuning a piano or harpsichord.
Not material, but spiritual things determine our live.
There are many apple trees in the garden.
If your car doesn't have snow tires, you shouldn't drive on icy roads.
Botulism, brucellosis, Lyme-disease and tetanus are infectious, but not contagious diseases.
Oh my god, it's complete chaos!
It's my favourite among articles on Japan.
He did not go out, he sat down.
The weather was not only cold, it was also damp.
The abolition of slavery in Europe eventually reached America.
Can I persuade you to stay a few more days?
Judging by that great tan, it looks like you spent most of your vacation on the beach.
When I last saw him, he was wearing a blue shirt and white slacks.
He belittles others to make himself feel important.
If you write your address on a web-page, anybody can find out where you live if the whim takes them.
This machine generates electricity.
Your carpet is completely white.
Their carpet is completely white.
Her carpet is completely white.
What's that thing you have in your hand?
A ruler can measure something up to twelve inches in length.
In real life kings are powerful, but in chess they're pretty much worthless.
Which kind of watch do you prefer, digital or analog?
I suddenly saw myself reflected in a window pane and it startled me.
The fugitive made a run for the border.
I have a collection of towels I've stolen from many different hotels I've stayed at.
Any man wearing a toupee fears a windy day.
The mafia boss was killed in a hail of machine gun fire.
Nonstop flights are almost always more expensive.
The town was deserted by its inhabitants.
The hacker gained access to sensitive files in the company's database.
The city was deserted by its inhabitants.
The thief had special tools for picking locks.
He is shaking like a leaf.
The demonstration at City Hall started getting out of hand.
Don't put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Though she was angry and hurt, she decided to turn a blind eye to her husband's philandering.
Drastic measures must be taken to prevent the further spread of the virus.
A good poker player can tell when someone's bluffing.
The bigger they come, the harder they fall.
A triathlon is a forbidding test of endurance.
Enough already!
A bright red ladybug landed on my fingertip.
I had a bespoke suit made.
At this rate, Japan will make an exhibition of itself before the world.
Chop the pickled cabbage finely.
Time must take its course.
Isamu Kobayashi received the patronage of Rohan Koda.
"He is loved by many, isn't he?" "Yes, he is."
The fire was put out immediately.
The Netherlands won the 2010 World Cup.
The Pirate Party could mature into a political driving force.
In a minute, I'm going to tell you my life story.
They say that Firefox is downloaded more than 8 million times a day.
I want you to stay by the lady.
Where is the train station?
I like my chicken wings with barbeque sauce.
The revenues go to a charitable foundation.
He always forgets to say goodbye to people when leaving.
Netherlands so deserved the World Cup.
What does a Dutchman do after winning the World Cup? He turns the playstation off.
Mother had a large lung hemorrhage and died.
Breakfast TV presenters tend to be unbearably perky.
The company has branches in 12 European countries.
Will you switch seats with me?
It wouldn't have been able to have been done.
After we had sex, I fell asleep with my head lying on her stomach.
Such is life.
Don't shoot the messenger.
My name is Hase.
The paper is very white but the snow is whiter.
Quiet, otherwise you'll be thrown out!
That is money down the drain.
He read English Literature at Oxford University.
I'm ever so sorry!
The average Westerner, in his sleek complacency, will see in the tea ceremony but another instance of the thousand and one oddities which constitute the quaintness and childishness of the East to him.
Samuel Johnson draws his own portrait as "a hardened and shameless tea drinker, who for twenty years diluted his meals with only the infusion of the fascinating plant; who with tea amused the evening, with tea solaced the midnight, and with tea welcomed the morning."
"We tried to get together, like, at least once a week." "And who all do you play with?"
"I want my dark elf to be blue." "OK... That one's purple. You'll be purple for this week."
Don't disappoint me.
He says he's got to get to Vienna the day after tomorrow.
Why don't you ask when you have a problem?
She often sings when she does the washing up in the kitchen.
Goodbye stranger, it's been nice.
If you see language as a living being, formed by the entity of all speakers, dividing strictly into "right" and "wrong" makes little sense.
Jesus hates you.
Was that really worth it?
Abraham Lincoln was buried in his hometown of Springfield, Illinois.
The one who has everything can lose everything.
Only three per cent of the population of England uses RP.
Delirium of one person is called madness. Delirium of thousands of people is called religion.
In this democratic age of ours men clamour for what is popularly considered the best, regardless of their feelings. They want the costly, not the refined; the fashionable, not the beautiful.
There is neither contingency nor free will.
Charming, you are, my dear.
How can one be serious with the world when the world itself is so ridiculous!
It has been said that a man at ten is an animal, at twenty a lunatic, at thirty a failure, at forty a fraud, and at fifty a criminal.
We are ever brutal to those who love and serve us in silence.
I am playing video games.
Influenza, measles, pox and chicken-pox are infectious and contagious diseases.
So are you and Hanna planning on getting married?
He got out his guitar after dinner and played some beautiful Spanish ballads for us.
In this society where everything is disposable, it is a virtue to use something until it wears out.
I wonder why women don't go bald.
This is our main goal.
This is our main objective.
If reincarnation exists I want to come back with Tina Turner's legs and Nina Simone's voice.
On the moon I would weigh only fifteen kilos.
Between the ages of 15 and 16, he grew three whole inches.
He only who has lived with the beautiful can die beautifully.
I wonder how a government would go about measuring gross national happiness.
She knew that if she started to cry her mascara would run.
I've never worn a tuxedo.
In the morning I try to write down all the dreams I remember from the night before.
What atrocities do we not perpetrate in the name of culture and refinement!
She passed the thread through the pinhole and quickly mended the tear.
A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the majority discovers it can vote itself largess out of the public treasury. After that, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits with the result the democracy collapses because of the loose fiscal policy ensuing, always to be followed by a dictatorship, then a monarchy.
The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public's money.
I'm not going out because I have to do my homework.
Human society is a function of all humanity, those who profit most from it should pay the most for the benefit they gain, of course being greedy, they just want more.
It's very important to respect the rules.
Eh, it's an onion-flavoured bagel!
Aah, they're onion-flavoured bagels.
Scientists are slowly piecing together the mechanism of aging.
We're starting to question what we thought we knew.
Habits are difficult to break.
He set out to do something that had never been done before.
Soon, it won't be unheard of to live to 150.
Why are you asking if you know it all?
One should read many books when one is young.
You should read many books when you are young.
That film is for children.
When was the potato introduced in Japan?
What is the difference between a piano and a fish?
The zombie apocalypse is nigh!
The girl with the long hair is Judy.
He called me up from Tokyo.
She does not have the money for buying a new car.
Have you put winter tyres on your car, yet?
Am I that selfish or he's just too naive?
"We tried to meet at least once a week." "And who are all those that you play with?"
They named her baby Jane.
This museum displays a fascinating collection of Celtic objects.
You cannot eat your cake and keep it.
She has seven sons.
I like jogging.
Look, there's a whale breaching off the starboard bow!
She has a real knack for getting people to do what she wants.
As God as my witness Tom, I didn't tell her about the surprise party you're planning.
He crashed his car because someone tampered with the brakes.
I've never seen a more god-forsaken stretch of desert.
Have you bought a raffle ticket yet?
Sir, that CD is available only by special order.
I think this lamp has a short because the light comes on only if I jiggle the cord.
She's so cheap that she uses tea bags three times before she throws them away.
The senator was censured by the congressional ethics committee.
A drop of mustard fell and stained my tie during lunch.
Two Iranian professors of physics were assassinated.
I thought that he would come.
I hate you very much.
Today is not good for me.
I came back to Kyiv when first snow had already fallen.
The telephone is one of Bell's many inventions.
I met him in January.
Mum's the word.
He brewed beer.
Beauty cannot be determined objectively but depends on personal aesthetic criteria.
The European Union has 23 official languages, theoretically with the same rights, but in practice only 3 working languages: English, French and German.
It's your decision.
Each text should be of a different type.
After listening to each text, write a short report.
That man is in a panic.
Where has he learned Italian?
Where has she learned Italian?
They can understand me.
The effective application of antiseptics is an important matter in the prevention of hospital infections.
This patient's life is in danger.
You have to ask for permission from your teacher.
"Do you think he'll come?" "I hope not."
"Do you think she'll come?" "I hope not."
He was seething with anger.
What book did you buy?
Only after leaving school I realized how important it is to study.
I hope that everything will bring about the amelioration of the world and mankind.
Thus the term has two distinct usages.
The real, biological nervous system is highly complex and includes some features that may seem superfluous based on an understanding of artificial networks.
There is no rule without an exception.
I like clocks.
My eye has swollen up.
My foot is aching.
My leg is aching.
Straighten your back!
Don't make faces.
I'm going to the village tomorrow.
I do not fear terrorists but those who want to make us fear terrorists to be able to reduce our freedom.
Put away your brain and go shopping.
Not the people, but the economy must be well!
Single ensuite, please.
Can you recommend a hotel?
Florence Foster Jenkins was one of the greatest sopranos of the world.
Football is more popular than tennis.
He hates carrots.
Where is the nearest drugstore?
Where is the nearest internet cafe?
Where is the nearest restaurant?
Where is the nearest church?
Where is the nearest bakery?
Where is the nearest supermarket?
I'd like to go with you, but I'm broke.
Didn't you see my birds?
The note is jotted directly on the envelope.
The sports world should, at this time, eliminate the collusion with criminal organizations.
I consider you one of my closest friends.
Good things come in small packages.
It must be nice to have friends in high places.
Better to extend an olive branch than launch a missile.
Give me a chance to make you proud of me.
He thinks he knows everything.
The juggler wowed the crowd by keeping ten oranges up in the air.
This molecule has a crystalline structure.
He had his girlfriend blow on the dice for luck before he threw them.
After the interruption I went back to my reading but forgot where I'd left off.
When I was a teenager I had lots of hair on my head and none on my chest. Now it's just the opposite.
I wonder if a day will come when money will be something found only in museums.
I bet my friend $100 that he wouldn't eat a live cockroach. I lost!
What the hell is a semicolon for anyway?
My father and I nursed my sister back to health after her accident.
Machines may one day think, but they'll never laugh.
The dogs bayed at the full moon.
He peddled his "miracle cure" to desperate cancer patients.
Darn!
He's always losing his mobile.
Cats can see when it is dark.
When it's cold, young people do nothing but drink.
The mammal is dead.
Yona Wallach had been a postmodernist two decades before the term "Postmodernism" was even conceived.
Tom appreciates modern art.
He believes that I can do things that I've never even thought of doing.
Please write me a letter whenever you run into trouble.
Governments, in order to teach how to enjoy cell phones without being controlled by them, have established behavior rules that limit their use in public places, such as in churches, in schools, or during tests.
English studies on the use of cell phones by young people show truly worrying situations, in which a person between the ages of six and twenty sends an average of twenty nine messages, receives fifteen, and makes nine calls each day.
What you see is what you get.
She succeeded as a singer and became famous.
Success breeds success.
Tom has an aesthetic sense for modern painting.
How expensive is it?
He rode his bicycle there.
Cats can see things even when it's dark.
Cats can see even in dark places.
She lost her temper along with me.
It is a strange feeling that creeps over you, when you are standing in front of somebody you dreamed about last night.
I do not fear death, but dying.
They hurried to the scene of the accident.
No matter which musical instrument you want to learn to play, the most important thing is not to make any mistakes from the beginning on, because mistakes are always imprinted on your mind more easily than everything you do right.
Our team lost all of its games.
The best or worst thing to man, for this life, is good or ill choosing his good or ill wife.
To get back to my original point, yesterday I sent the report off to Tokyo.
As always, Keiko showed us a pleasant smile.
Take her to surgery.
It's an attractive price, for this sort of device.
It is the fruit of hard work and a well-prepared plan.
It's rush hour at Tokyo station.
The snow that fell yesterday is no hard-packed snow. It's impossible to make snowballs out of it.
In many cases, the image that comes to mind when you listen to music is that of the CD's artwork.
I think this not a method that I can really recommend unless you are willing to risk failure.
He finds fault with everything I do.
"Wanna go karaoke?" "Sorry, later."
You have to acquire real skills, not just superficial knowledge.
I was acutely aware of how very important mathematical education was.
Ishida advances to third on a stolen base.
It's quiet enough to hear a pin drop.
Do I have to write in ink?
I don't believe that some day a majority of the world's population will speak Esperanto.
This tale is a trip through infinite space.
I was shocked by the dog that sprang out of the darkness.
He was an amiable fellow, but had a certain reserve that he would not let you casually trespass upon.
On the table there are some books.
Oh, onion bagels.
We have found him of whom Moses in the law and also the prophets wrote, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph.
By the way, do you think that when you die that's it?
Well? Will you come?
"Seen my cell phone?" "On the table!"
That cloud looks like a rabbit to me.
The following images are not for the faint of heart.
Somehow I thought you'd say that.
My father is oblivious to the emotional pain his abuse caused me.
I know you're nervous, but rest assured, you won't feel a thing.
Don't let his snide remarks get the best of you.
You have my undying loyalty, Captain.
I would lay down my life for you.
Cuban cigars are among the best in the world.
The earthworm wriggled when I touched it.
My hands were shaking too much to thread the needle.
The tele-evangelist has a large, if deluded, following.
The astronaut lost his grip on the wrench and all he could do was watch in dismay as it floated serenely away.
The clerk refused to give me a refund at which point I demanded to see the manager.
Hello sir!
Gravity is the only thing keeping me here.
My wife is a vegetarian.
The beauty of the Golden Pavilion covered in snow was unmatched.
The carriageway was reduced to one lane.
I inherited his estate.
"Have you seen my cell phone?" "It's on the table."
He's intimidated by beautiful women.
I lost the game.
You lost the game.
You all just lost the game.
She must be very happy.
This is also rather short.
Leave the room.
We have to buy it from abroad.
They congratulated their colleague on his promotion.
You must read this book.
A ship that transports oil is called an oil tanker.
The snowstorm continued.
That's cheap, isn't it?
He never drinks except on special occasions.
I've never seen such a beautiful sunset.
I've never seen such a wonderful sunset.
Then who?
Is Kim Jong ill or is Kim Jong OK?
Is Kim Jong ill or is Kim Jong okay?
I think style or genre are less important factors in making us like music than the individual artists skills in arrangement and playing of the instrument.
I will arrive on 23rd of May.
To win, and we will win!
Everything is arguable.
Some time ago I was married. Now I don't have anymore any certainty.
Get well soon!
The central nervous system consists of four organs.
Central nervous system consists of brain, cerebellum, medulla oblongata and spinal cord.
In fact, Marie Curie is Polish, not French.
Don't judge a man by the way he looks.
The expansion of the Roman Empire wiped out a considerable number of the original European languages.
If your friend is one-eyed, look him by his side face.
It seems that the policeman in this TV series is a dirty cop who abuses his authority.
I think that you're not studying enough.
Why were you sick the other day?
Whatever I do is always wrong!
Ermanno told a funny story.
People got up.
Xiao Wang arrived in Beijing.
I return walking.
Just pull the door shut. It'll lock by itself.
It is said that Didon had for dinner ten plump turkeys' backs.
That doesn't surprise me.
I wash my hands.
My dog likes to romp in the snow.
If anyone is not willing to work, then he is not to eat, either.
No water, no life.
There is nothing concealed that will not be revealed.
All those who take up the sword shall perish by the sword.
I really love my blue pen.
I wonder what he's doing...
I think that I drank too much.
It's already 7 o'clock.
Sorry, I was dining and I didn't see the message.
I need a website to create some lists.
I want to overcome the yesterday's number of sentences!
Is it good news?
Too many people have serious issues with Italian language.
Too many people have serious problems with Italian language.
If every user adds twenty sentences per day on Tatoeba, maybe it would be possible to reach one million sentences by Christmas.
It's hot as hell!
I don't give a shit.
My home is my castle.
You need a haircut.
I can't decide if I'm happy or sad.
It's already 7:00.
Stick your finger through your throat!
Even today, the temperature is below zero.
The dinosaur was not big like I had imagined last night, but it was green, with red and yellow scales and a very friendly face.
I've found it.
I owe my success to my friends.
He puts a lot of thought into how he thinks.
A caged cricket eats just as much as a free cricket.
The crane, unlike the dog, has never dreamed of flying.
The carp's longevity is unmolested by the turmoil of the millipede.
I handed her her gloves.
I gave her her dictionary back.
He gave her her first kiss.
Recently, they have not been giving her her paycheck on time.
They had had that problem before.
They say that that drug is not safe.
I think that that book is not so interesting.
The problem is that that boy never does what he is told to do.
He said that that girl had kissed him.
He thought that he would write something for the newspaper.
I put bait on the hook.
I baited the hook.
It looks like it may rain today. I'm worried that our cherry-blossom-viewing party might be canceled.
I shouldn't have told you anything.
This is how I met your mother.
Bye!
He's on the way to go.
They did well on the exercises.
No, I cannot believe what you say.
They talked about it on the telephone.
I didn't read it all.
One doesn't count the teeth of a gift horse.
The only thing I have now are memories.
Thanks for adding me as a friend.
Do what's right!
One does not look a gift horse in the mouth.
I'm alive in Tokyo.
Do you like taking part in this dangerous experiment?
Infectious diseases are caused by prions, viruses, rickettsia, chlamydia, bacteria, pathogenic fungi and protozoa.
We ordered the meal.
We rented the flat.
Did you accompany Peter to Munich?
The exclusion of mathematics from the field of culture is like intellectual castration.
Nakamatsu smiled bitterly at his own stupid question.
Shimamura, while he was in the inn's entrance, looked at the nearby mountain bathed in the strong smell of fresh leaves and went to climb the mountain as if drawn by this smell.
I promised myself, that I'm never gonna talk to her again.
I promised myself, that I never gonna talk to him again.
My mother died when I was a child.
He promised not to be late again.
She promised not to be late again.
We rented the apartment.
My brother has become a priest.
Have you travelled anywhere recently?
Please talk about your family.
When you walk around your house, what kind of scenery and buildings can you see?
Have you recently taken a trip anywhere?
Please tell us about your family.
It's hard to understand the Osaka dialect.
I hate it when I work late and end up missing an episode of a show I'm following.
We have to get him to the hospital before it's too late.
I rushed to the TV so I wouldn't miss the game.
I was outraged by his answer.
Was there enough money?
Suddenly he saw me.
We improved the quality.
The table was covered with paper.
The water has been cleaned.
I was jealous of my brother.
She disapproved of my trip to Vienna.
And it lasted until early morning.
All men have fullfilled their duty.
I don't know how he received the news, but he certainly wasn't happy about it.
Let's turn off the TV.
Let's turn off the television.
She likes ice cream.
My brother died suddenly two years ago. Since then, my sister-in-law has valiantly kept the small jewelery store he left her going.
I want to go to London.
We've ended up a spanner short of a toolbox.
Trust me, I've been there.
One beetle recognises another.
Yesterday I bought a dog. Sadly my aunt cooked it for dinner.
In Japan, the new school year starts in April.
We rent the flat.
I love my mum.
I regaled the devil; he gave me a fable.
He was in a traffic accident.
I'm scared of killing animals.
Stop that!
Give it back!
Dogs dogs bite, bite.
We got into an accident shortly before the play.
He infected himself with AIDS.
One can trust him.
The game was put off till next week.
The game was postponed until next week.
Crude oil has been falling in price.
It doesn't look like it'll clear up today.
Don't underestimate me. I might look cute and innocent but if it comes down to it, I'll bitch-slap you to death.
We pitched our tents before it got dark.
There's no free lunch.
He had a traffic accident.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
You should have seen that movie.
You, too, should have seen that movie.
You should turn off your cell phone.
Mr Hashimoto started the engine.
Between a rock and a hard place.
Between Scylla and Charybdis.
The military has a very strict chain of command.
That brand of tequila really packs a wallop.
My camera can shoot high-definition video.
Since I installed solar panels on my house, my energy bill has been cut in half.
It's more polite to say thin than skinny.
I was nine years old when I asked my mom if Santa Claus really existed.
Would it be ethical to sacrifice one person to save many?
The new Harry Potter movie is pretty lame.
It's hard to tell if that's the sound of children laughing or screaming.
I've heard it said that English is for making money, French for making love, and Spanish for praying to God.
After a minute of free fall he pulled the rip cord and out came the parachute.
If God had given an eleventh commandment, I wonder what it would have been.
We have less than five minutes to evacuate the whole building.
The fawn blended seamlessly into the foliage.
His mother is worried sick about him.
My blood type is A positive.
It's a pity they're getting divorced.
The five of us stood in a circle holding hands.
They held firm to their convictions.
On second thought, I think I will have a slice of that pie.
I had no other choice but to take him at his word.
The police stepped up their efforts to catch the rapist.
I hope to one day speak German as well as you speak English.
I'm sorry to be so late. The meeting completely slipped my mind.
I've misplaced my glasses, but I need them in order to look for them.
Just dissolve the tablet in a glass of water and drink.
Having never married, he experienced fatherhood vicariously through his nieces and nephews.
Nothing we have done today has gone according to plan.
He'll be groggy for another few hours until the drug wears off.
I thought you of all people would understand my decision.
The first thing you hear when arriving in Vegas is the ching ching ching of the slot machines.
Don't you think I know what people say about me?
That last round of chemo really sapped his energy.
I cried like a baby when the boy and his dog were reunited at the end of the movie.
I tried explaining the algebra homework to him, but it just went in one ear and out the other.
What do you have to lose by asking her out on a date? A little pride maybe?
You like laying on the grass.
He promises not to drink anymore.
He claimed he knew you well.
You decide to stay an extra hour.
Your O's look like A's.
Politics is motivated by interests.
What do you see in the picture?
Careful work will bear its fruit.
A wall surrounded the old city.
A man has ten fingers.
A week has seven days.
If you believe what politicians say, it's really your own fault.
It's exactly the opposite which is true: there is nothing after death, except eternity on earth.
We know it's difficult, but please don't translate literally.
Trolling is a art.
There are twenty four hours in a day.
He was drunk with joy.
I suffer from depression during the winter.
No one was liked by everyone yet.
Mayuko was dead tired.
All that he knows is that he knows.
All that he knows is that he doesn't know that he knows.
Language learning: A process by which a person reduces his ignorance of a language over time.
I killed the count.
I bowed politely.
She seems to be excited.
I find it weird that you'd like to see me given how much I bothered you last week.
I think this dictionary is useful for beginners.
We think Venice is a fascinating city.
The villagers thought that he was very generous.
There is a saying, that "Those who don't understand UNIX are condemned to reinvent it, poorly". If one looks at the Linux desktop, one will realise, that it's also true for desktop operating systems.
I'd like to go to London someday.
You look great in these photos.
I went to the shop.
I am going to the shop.
I will marshal a fair amount of scientific data to support my argument.
If anyone can do it, you can.
It is the sound you hear when everything is silent.
I sometimes visit my friends' homes.
He doesn't belong to us.
I was on tenterhooks.
I want to go abroad someday.
I don't know what the message of "Lost" is, but I know what Twitter's is: everyone wants to be important.
Diamonds are forever.
Did you find your book?
Do you want to leave it like that?
I want to live in the country.
Her mother was busy cooking dinner.
The workers were proud of their work.
He told her that he loved her.
He's not in our group.
He's not one of us.
I've slept well all night.
When it comes to girls, I pay much attention.
In the Middle Ages Latin temporarily assured linguistic equal opportunity in the fields of religion, culture and science.
Glenn has two girlfriends.
He peeps, he farts, the pope.
Spring is over and summer has come.
This is an example sentence.
This is for my practice.
Get outta here!
Not again!
I don't understand what you're saying.
I know your language.
If plants and stones are in the water then this will happen: the plants float and the rocks sink.
I want this television.
My house was ready two months ago.
We sang and we loved it.
If two people are in agreement, one of them is unnecessary.
He has the second animal.
Look at that girl!
Tell me how you feel.
I want to wash my hair.
We couldn't sleep on account of the noise.
You won't feel me.
He likes the music. I like it, too.
When we married my parents gave me this house.
It sees me.
How are you? Are your previous movements alright?
I'm a little crazy.
I don't understand a thing you're saying.
You think that people are okay, but I allow one to think that people and all societies are bad. No one wants other people to tolerate their mischief. People give grief to people because their viewpoints vary.
My friend is completely crazy. Don't pay attention to him.
Don't twist my words around.
A woman without a man is nothing.
A woman without, a man is nothing.
Children are a blessing.
The US is trying to extradite a drug lord from Mexico.
I hope I can count on your discretion.
He is in year ten.
There is a great demand for petrol.
Who talks a lot, doesn't do a lot.
It was a case of mistaken identity.
Innovators think outside the box.
The bird picked up the twig with its beak and flew to its nest.
I'll spend at least two hours wrapping all these Christmas presents.
The priest made the sign of the cross as the casket was lowered into the ground.
I've saved the best for last.
Who knows what you'll find up in the attic?
An ice pack will numb the pain.
The flag unfurled in the wind.
If you don't keep the silverware polished, it'll lose its luster.
Travelers can suffer from any number of maladies in foreign lands.
The water stopped running because the hose has a kink in it.
"Sky" and "heart" are terms of endearment in Spanish.
My best friend is a book.
The book is my best friend.
The police found no signs of foul play in the apartment.
He threw in the towel.
Keep a box of baking soda in the fridge to keep it smelling clean.
You are, hands down, the biggest idiot I've ever met.
That's enough for today. I'm tired.
The girl went into the forest to look for mushrooms.
The Holy Roman Empire ceased to exist in 1806.
I'll give anything that isn't this.
I wonder if I can add a sentence.
The baby was naked.
If this be treason, make the most of it.
Oh yeah? Wanna play this game? Don't get me started or it could all end up badly.
I'll pound you at thumb wars anytime.
He carelessly forgot the camera on the bus.
May I come to see you this afternoon?
Our present house is too small, so we decided to move.
I'm as healthy as a horse.
The poet lived here some twenty odd years.
Because the personal computer here cannot change the system, nothing can be done.
The boy carved his name into the tree.
Cancer is not one but more than one hundred distinct diseases.
I am Japanese.
To where does this road lead?
My stomach is grumbling.
My suit is grey.
Both of the brothers are dead.
In my dream, I encountered a wolf.
What you are thinking about moving doesn't need to be moved.
Thank you very much for the undeserved attention.
I'm reading the New York Times.
Despite criticism, the award procedure will not change.
I hope it is cooler now!
Last winter, I went to Canada to ski.
I went to the store that was very nearby.
He'll be granted American citizenship.
I really wish to see you today.
I desire a lot to see you today.
That album reminds me of the school happy days.
Such work postulate a lot of patience.
A promise is quickly forgotten.
Money opens all doors.
Keep your eyes peeled for a taxi!
Exceptions prove the rule.
I sold my old car for one hundred dollars.
Turn right at the next intersection.
Please do not think of a pink elephant right now.
He let rip.
Nowadays UNESCO recommends that everybody should use three languages: the mother tongue, the language of local communication and the international language.
Don't throw anything on the floor.
The catastrophe also claimed victims' lives.
There's a garden behind our house.
One can acquire this book in one store only.
I ran out of ideas.
The grandfather told the grandsons.
Many pupils bought the book.
Queen Elizabeth II has held numerous titles and honours throughout her life.
Are you the author of this book?
The President of France will visit Japan next month.
That's water under the bridge.
The pen always beats the sword.
I want you to stop spoiling the kids.
There is no one who doesn't desire peace.
I will live in a room with four beds.
He took the job without giving it much thought.
I did some busking during the summer.
Portugal is not an exception.
Though I mainly work as a studio musician, I do a little busking to make some extra money.
I can't speak Klingon.
Do you speak Klingon?
Revenge is a dish which is best served cold.
In space, all warriors are cold warriors.
Why is he angry?
The army had plenty of weapons.
That knife cuts well.
Please mark the correct answer.
The victory is ours.
That place is worth visiting twice.
This place is worth visiting twice.
That poet lived here a little over 20 years.
The bank loaned the company one million dollars.
The car looked as good as new.
I'd like to try skydiving.
He is as nutty as a fruitcake.
When do I have to return the car?
They are peace-loving people.
Don't behave as one of them, so.
My grandpa is out of step with the younger generation.
Sue and John decided to get married.
Where are my keys?
Please write down what I'm about to say.
In 1956 Khrushchev denounced Stalin's crimes.
We can't begin the meeting until we have a quorum.
He spends all his time extolling her virtues.
This form must be filled out in triplicate.
When your resources are limited, you have to prioritize.
In most societies, it's rude to refer to someone in the third person when he or she is standing right there.
Who knows what he'll accomplish if given the chance?
It's not hard to stand out when you're surrounded by idiots.
Your guess is as good as mine.
You can't or you won't?
Could you lower your voice please? I'm really hung over.
That dry-cleaning business is a front for the mob.
Cutting corners will save you money in the short-run but cost you customers in the long-run.
I brought a child into the world with her.
What guarantee do I have that you'll keep up your end of the bargain?
You think I don't know what's going on?
Haters gonna hate.
Why don't you want to eat lunch with us?
I can't imagine that you could say such things.
The weather is bad in the north.
I don't understand his way of thinking at all.
I've already worked in a restaurant.
Give it to someone who needs it.
I prepay.
When do I have to give back the car?
The little girl didn't feel like washing off the dishes.
She has the big room entirely to herself.
The capital of the Ukraine is Kiev.
He loves the tigers.
The weather was magnificent.
I don't speak any Klingon.
These boxes are made out of plastic.
I would like to think hard about it first.
Some children are swimming in the ocean.
Some children swim in the ocean.
I prefer staying to going.
Watch out! There's a pothole in the road.
He did what I wanted right away.
The rain washed away the soil.
The difference between man and animal nowadays has more or less to do with clothing.
People applaud a singer because he sang well, or maybe because he finally stopped.
Is there a drugstore nearby?
I have great news for you.
Bring the vase somewhere where there is sunlight.
My book has to be somewhere in the room.
He sat there and smoked a pipe.
Until now, no one has ever seen a Martian.
He has never hurt anyone.
My uncle didn't die from natural causes.
How much do these glasses cost?
I can't say anything against it.
His speech lasted three hours.
A big animal broke out of the zoo.
Stay with us.
Did you talk to your wife?
He was completely sloshed.
Yakitori is a Japanese food.
Nothing is more valuable than friendship.
Unfortunately, there isn't any yakitori in our city.
I love to eat yakitori.
Yakitori is similar to shashlik.
Yakitori is a Japanese dish.
Work quickly, eat slowly.
Is that your or your sister's glass?
Give me the key.
Without a wife, a man is worth nothing.
These books are my best friends.
Let me be.
Dative is the death of genitive.
A little stage fright is normal before a concert.
I did what I could.
One can't play baseball here.
The baseball stadium was full of enthusiastic fans.
They buy vegetables at the supermarket.
The women are my aunts.
Three beers and a tequila please!
I need a new pair of shoes.
It's my fault.
It was hard for him to stop working.
The girl who works in the bakery is affable.
He comes at noon.
My clock is five minutes fast.
It's a quarter after six right now.
Right now, it is a half past ten.
Unfortunately, I don't have so much money on me.
Can one get something to eat in there?
Shall we pack everything together?
Is this store open on Sundays?
I am an omnivore.
Are you coming to the store with me?
What time does the store open?
Hare and Hedgehog began their footrace.
This is the best thing since sliced bread! I don't know what the best thing was before sliced bread, however.
Can you get something to eat in there?
The book is small.
You're interested in a career in foreign relations, aren't you?
We aren't going to stay at that hotel again.
You have to give three months' rent as a deposit.
Believe you me.
I'm living in Kunming at the moment.
My hand is in warm water.
Time cannot be stopped.
I sat down to translate the sentence shown on the main page to my native language, and half an hour and two dozen sentences later I had to convince myself to stop.
This promises to be a great flamewar...now where's my popcorn?
Do not feed the troll.
He was traveling in the Philippines this time last year.
I was thinking that I would go there by bicycle, but it began to rain.
I showed my ticket to the man at the door, then entered the theater.
He sat astride over the main door.
Everybody loves somebody sometimes.
This book is not about linguistics.
I'll finish the work in a week, that is, on May fifth.
I'll let you know my decision after I have consulted my lawyer.
Tell me more.
I'll pay you back a week from today, that is, on July 21st.
You are a busy man, so I will adjust my schedule to yours.
Not only his son, but his daughter is also famous.
Not only his son, but his daughter is famous as well.
Kate is crazy about a new singer who often appears on TV.
He's studying hard so he can pass the entrance exam.
His daughter, as well as his son, were famous.
I was tired, but continued working.
The word is no longer in use.
What takes you only three days, takes me three weeks.
I haven't worked up the courage to tell her yet.
Main Street was blocked off all morning for the parade.
The substitute teacher was nice but not too bright.
The tetanus shot hurt more than the dog bite.
It's a tempting offer but I'm afraid I'm going to have to turn you down.
She was running down the street clutching two toddlers, one in each arm.
Getting up at 6 a.m. was hard at first, but now I'm used to it.
Supplies were trucked in from as far away as California.
I've hired a private tutor to help me practice my German conversation.
The way things are going, an armed conflict may well be unavoidable.
I told you not to mention that in her presence.
I always root for the underdog.
He got related with her through marriage.
I'd like a fish.
His father died last year.
We ate Peking duck in the Chinese restaurant.
One hundred, two hundred, three hundred, four hundred, five hundred, six hundred, seven hundred, eight hundred, nine hundred, one thousand.
Where shall we go now? To the theatre or cinema?
Today is Saturday.
I'm really into football.
Who wears the pants in your family?
We tend to forget this fact.
Do you still need my help?
Do you still need my assistance?
There is bad weather in the north.
My wife bought a new pram.
It's not a convenient time to speak about that, is it?
Thank you for coming to see me off.
Thank you for inviting me to your birthday party.
Thank you for helping me with my homework.
Thank you very much for sending me such a nice present.
Whether rains or not, the game is going to be held.
Here is the final agenda for the meeting on June 16th.
I have attached instructions on how to use FTP to access our files.
I would do anything to help you both.
He barely escaped being hit and killed by a car.
It was just by accident that we met at the store.
I was in the ninth grade last year.
City life has advantages and disadvantages.
I usually shower at night.
Beef stew should be nice and thick.
A bout lasts about five minutes.
It is a stereotype that police officers always eat doughnuts.
I don't understand why pepperoni pizza is so popular.
Don't tase me, bro!
It seems that most people only barbeque in the summer.
Today Maral became one year old.
The least objectionable "bridge language", or interethnic language is the planned international language Esperanto.
Thinking is difficult, and therefore many people only pass judgment.
If I had known about it, I would have told you.
I let him sleep at my house for the night.
I help my mother with the housework every day.
They always complain.
It's easy to pick up bad habits.
The stars shone the whole time.
If you don't know what your goal is, you'll never be able to achieve it.
Their names were crossed off the list.
Your names were crossed off the list.
Bear in mind that you are dust.
Although he's young, he's an outstanding doctor.
Try not to get wet because of the rain.
Reading books is a habit of mine.
Under the table is a cat.
Who does this belong to?
He introduced you to me, don't you remember?
I don't want to live alone.
She might come tomorrow.
I'd never expected to meet her in a place like that.
I want to watch the film.
Acid attacks metal.
I feel bad today.
I owe my success to her help.
I owe my success to their help.
When she heard the news, she sighed disappointedly.
If you want to be happy, then be happy.
He shook my hand.
You can never be too careful.
It breaks my heart!
Meat is expensive nowadays.
He is sure that he will pass the next exam.
He was completely pissed.
With all the teaching and research, I have no time for myself.
She would love to go back to the days of her youth.
That actor is both attractive and good at acting.
He doesn't trust the doctor any more.
If you hurry, you can make it.
I work from 6am every morning in Central Park.
He lost his patience and hit the boy.
It has got dark. Maybe it'll rain soon.
They're having a break at the moment.
Whether it's white or black, a cat that chases mice is a good cat.
You must start immediately.
His achievements were acknowledged.
Take a leaf out of his book.
Astounding, isn't it?
I like English more than maths.
The cat is licking the candle stand out of love for the candle.
The woman stood up from the chair. And she looked towards the door.
It might snow this evening.
You can get it for free.
There are a few shops next to my house.
You can also replace the mascarpone with cream.
You can count on her.
Shall we add a bit more salt?
Justice in this country is a bit of a double standard: there is the justice of the poor and the justice of the rich.
The capital of Ukraine is Kyiv.
For him, divorce is a good invention, with one sole disadvantage: you have to get married first.
We've just cleaned the toilets.
The game was very interesting.
Let's come back to it later.
At eight o'clock I will be ready for work.
The alarm sounded.
Using Tatoeba, you learn languages.
Winds from the sea are humid.
This horror movie is really scary. I couldn't sleep after I watched it.
This medicine has no harmful side-effects.
I think we should wait another half an hour.
Can you mention some celebrities in Italy at the moment?
What do you think of these people?
How did they become celebrities?
Are you like her?
What does it actually mean?
Who am I? How did I come to be?
Conversion was peaceful and gradual.
When I made my move she slapped me and told me to take a cold shower.
A few glasses of wine can loosen the tongue.
We got along famously.
I think I've showed considerable constraint under the circumstances.
He was court-martialed for dereliction of duty.
There's a grueling uphill stretch of road at mile 23 of the marathon.
This hotel is far from deserving the four stars the guidebook gives it.
Unlike his sister, he has retained the religious faith his parents brought him up in.
It's possible, but not probable.
The locking mechanism has jammed.
My brother wanted to join the army but because of a heart condition he was judged unfit to serve.
The unexpected windfall has put my brother and his wife on easy street.
The events unfolded just as she predicted.
The austerity measures that many city governments have implemented are hugely unpopular.
To loosen a screw, turn it to the left.
At the inauguration ceremony a plaque was unveiled in honor of the founder.
I admit, I'm not the tidiest person in the world.
Unskilled labor is poorly paid.
The vaccination left a funny little mark on my arm.
Father, today I'm going out with some friends. Of course, that's if you will allow it.
Her vanity knows no bounds.
An argument may be logically sound without being true.
Man is never perfect, nor content.
I know it's not true, but it definitely seems like the sun revolves around the Earth.
Humans are the vehicles that genes use to propagate themselves.
With such a vivid imagination he'll become either a world-famous novelist or a lunatic.
Nothing can take an American by surprise. It has often been said that the word "impossible" was not a French one. People have obviously looked in the wrong dictionary. In America, all is easy, all is simple and mechanical difficulties are overcome before they arise.
The high court decided to try the fugitive warlord in abstentia.
Girls are losing their virginity earlier and earlier.
For some strange reason I talk to me dogs with an Irish accent.
I'll never forget to meet you.
A prisoner is more obsessed with the idea of escaping than his warden by the idea of watching over him. Thus, a prisoner will always manage to escape.
I work in a bank.
Prosody semantics is related to pragmatics.
He's in desperate need of the money.
It is easier for heaven and earth to disappear than for the least stroke of a pen to drop out of the Law.
And it is easier for heaven and earth to pass, than one tittle of the law to fail.
You have dirt under your fingernails.
The capital of Ukraine is Kiev.
Don't cast pears before swine.
That girl is Icelandic, but now she lives in the United States.
You don't think he has many faults?
Sometimes he seems very distant.
This singer's genre of music is electronic.
The man combs his dog with a brush.
In this album all the sounds that you hear are really elaborate computer voices.
Spirit, are you there?
I sent it yesterday; you should receive it tomorrow.
If they are as enthusiastic as shy, I don't find it difficult to believe that they are the most enthusiastic people in the world.
I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.
But it allows you to enter the church.
Your car is fast, but mine is faster.
The cat ran away.
Phileas Fogg had won his wager. He had made his journey around the world in eighty days!
I cannot disclose any information about the informant.
Science, my lad, is made out of errors, but of good ones, for they bring you step by step closer to the truth.
The withdrawal symptoms are more severe than I thought.
In spite of all the cooking shows I've watched, I'm still no good in the kitchen.
I found a cache of my grandmother's recipes stuffed away in the back of a drawer.
We know that you're superficial enough to be happy about this gift.
The trains in Serbia are terribly slow.
Can you tell me which bus or train I can take to get to the town centre?
This child became a woman.
I have a much fresher piece of bread than you.
Japan imports great quantities of crude oil.
He answered his parents.
He replied to his parents.
The search function is inadequate.
She tore the letter into a thousand pieces.
Say hello to your parents from me.
Don't neglect your daily responsibilities.
And God said: Let there be light. And there was light.
She threw away everything that was on the small dining table in a drunken hand gesture.
Looks like Latin, but it is not.
Repetition is the mother of memory.
I'd like to see her again.
I'd like to see them again.
The company had to let many of its employees go.
On the day of my birthday, my friends made me drink and I caused quite an uproar.
This key doesn't fit in the lock.
He did what he promised to do.
He lived in Spain, I think.
She's the village bike.
She's the local slut.
If you add three and four, you get seven.
He's giving it a go.
The bike's mine.
She turned away from me.
The meeting room is occupied at the moment.
We got up after midnight.
He gave them food and money.
Girls who are concerned with guys but can't be honest are a real boom among young men nowadays.
The teacher asked us to clean our classroom every day.
Apparently his father died abroad.
The woman crossed her arms firmly.
What sort of temperature are we going to have tomorrow?
I almost got run over by a truck.
They are sitting at the table.
The truth can give rise to hatred.
The fat man jumped over the ditch and fell to the ground.
Most young people have a mobile phone.
I plan to go to France next year.
Are they coming at six or at seven?
The phone's ringing. I'll get it if you want.
There's nothing we could show off with.
My dinner just came back up to say hello.
He still has no experience for this job.
Is it love?
He's not a doctor.
Since it was cold, we made a fire.
Can I call you back within twenty minutes?
My back teeth are floating...
This sentence is false.
This is fucking cool.
I have done what I could.
Out of a hundred soldiers, ten returned unharmed, the rest died.
Iron is more useful than it is beautiful.
Iron is more useful than gold.
The tree was so tall that it surpassed the garden wall.
He decided to come.
Nobody can know everything.
Who out of your friends will come?
Who will come with us?
Who did you write a letter to?
Which of you will come with me?
Which eye is hurting you?
Which brother did you see?
Whoever comes will see me.
Men fight with iron for gold.
December has thirty-one days.
The smaller of the brothers said this.
Your brother is asking for help.
The young man that you saw is my brother.
Marriage is the main cause of all divorces.
I can't sleep at all.
If you're leaving, please close the door.
The price isn't important.
Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.
Do you want soup?
Do you want to sleep?
What do you want to say?
The insanity of the situation made him laugh.
The thought that robots might take over the world is lunacy.
That word is very hard to translate.
Once upon a time, octopuses roamed the Earth.
Words fly, texts remain.
Julia has many roses and many lilies in her garden.
The horse, the lion, the dog and the sheep are animals.
It is difficult to give up a long love suddenly.
He who loves well reprimands well.
Two souls, one spirit.
There are many islands in Greece.
I do not live to eat, but eat to live.
Plato is a friend, but the truth is a greater friend.
I know that life is short.
Which was to be proven.
Dripping water wears away a stone not with its strength, but with its constancy.
A debtor of my debtor is not a debtor of mine.
Moreover, I judge that Carthage must be annihilated.
Sound is less quick than light.
A letter does not blush.
Oh, sweet name of freedom!
Let us also hear the other side.
In Africa there are many lions.
Polyphemus, the son of Neptune, had one eye in his forehead.
I want you to be better.
Watch over me, I will watch over you.
Quintilius Varus, return my legions!
The truth bears hatred.
The deer is faster than it is strong.
There were neither flowers nor trees in the streets of his city.
I'm not coming along.
She said that she was good-looking.
I am Jorge.
No roses without thorns.
A terrible, almost illegible scrawl.
For a bit of a change from red meat, for tonight I've cooked turkey breasts in mushroom sauce.
I can't think of anything.
What do you want from me?
What's wrong with you?
You're crazy!
I need to practice a little more.
Walk every day.
The World Football Championship will take place in Kazan.
She finally fell asleep.
He's been teaching for 20 years.
I couldn't understand him at all. What about you?
He has good chances of being chosen.
Zurich is considered to be a major financial hub.
I didn't recognise the tune.
Wisdom is necessary to understand wisdom: music does not exist to a deaf audience.
It is too hot.
My mother is cooking for me.
He arrives tomorrow, in Paris.
I feel that I should help you.
She's a blonde girl.
I went out for a walk to get some fresh air.
I'll show you my new car.
I don't know whether it's right or not.
I cannot distinguish a frog from a toad.
She said that she had to be back before dawn.
She will pay for everything.
These mosquitos are eating me alive!
He refuses to believe that one of my brothers is responsible for my father's death.
She speaks five foreign languages, but when she wants to curse she speaks in her mother tongue.
I've seen my dog sneeze but never my cat.
I would love to read a book on the history of laughter.
You can't tickle yourself.
I enjoy looking at my old diary.
Imagine if you started hiccoughing and you couldn't stop.
Stop me if you've heard this one.
The idea of God would be more interesting if instead of having created humans he had found them.
You think you're awake, but you may, in fact, be dreaming.
In any decision one makes there is a weighing of options.
In some societies, wives are still considered the property of their husbands.
When a tire loses its tread, it's time to buy a new one.
He wound a bandage around the wound.
Only humans name things.
Body language is a language you won't find translated in Tatoeba.
According to the ballistics report, this gun can't be the murder weapon.
He who thinks he has learned enough has learned nothing.
My German dictionary is a treasure trove of strange and enchanting words.
My heart skipped a beat when my wife told me she was pregnant.
The novel takes place in Victorian England.
It's better to err on the side of caution.
After three hours in the casino, he's $2,000 in the hole.
The detective I hired called to tell me he has a promising lead.
Cut him some slack, John. It's his first day on the job.
The police knew he was guilty but they couldn't make the charges stick.
That movie was a real tearjerker.
What do you want? I want an animal.
I leave in an hour.
She swims, but does not sink.
Let us briefly recall an important result from group theory.
I've decided that we won't go.
That goes over my head.
I don't understand a word of what you're saying.
What was your mother doing when you got home?
He writes to me once a week.
She sent us a telegram, informing that she would come.
We've decided to remain silent.
He's decided to leave the company.
It's none of your business!
When it lightly rains like that, I wish to go for a walk in a park.
My father is on the wagon.
This is a house of crazies!
What have you done this week?
Their house is very modern.
So now it's my turn.
Tom can't swim yet.
What can I help you with?
I have to change the battery of my transistor radio.
His mother picked him up.
Can you sing a song for everyone?
I looked through the garage window; what I saw surprised me.
The new tunnel will link Great Britain and France.
Don't hate me!
Have you ever applied for a job?
Your sister is beautiful as ever.
Paper is patient.
My watch is very precise.
It looks as though this summer will be cold again.
Not everything can be bought with money.
I wouldn't like to be in her shoes.
The more contact there is between people, the more misunderstandings there will be.
Let's stop playing tennis.
This sentence is - apart from a few small tweaks - a sentence that you can find on Tatoeba.
I feel at home in this room.
I'd like to write hundreds of sentences on Tatoeba, but I have other things to do.
Spring sows, autumn reaps.
Since the train was crowded, I stood all the way to Kyoto.
We don't know the truth yet.
Where is the closest train station?
Gluteus Maximus was one of the cheekiest Roman emperors.
He was a wicked musician.
I ate breakfast quickly so I would be in time for the first bus.
The well-known social networking sites Facebook and Twitter operate under the United States Constitution and California state law.
The amount of people on Facebook is greater than the population of the United States of America.
I want to believe.
Please connect a controller.
Ladies first!
There must be a conventional procedure having a conventional effect.
Nowadays school is considered a representation of the world.
I wouldn't miss it for the world!
In a fit of anger I punched the wall and broke my index finger.
Over a long period of time, I had the habit of going to sleep early.
Your playing sounds a bit stilted. You have to loosen up your fingers.
The equal rights and survival of languages can be assured only if the European Union accepts a neutral, easy-to-learn bridge language for interethnic communication, introducing it step by step.
It's my fault, not yours.
Today we have many new translations in Galician and Basque.
This guitar is so expensive that I can't buy it.
Believe me.
Father, today I'm going out with some friends. That is, of course, if you give me permission.
I won't see her anymore.
More kids, more hands.
Without further ado, let me introduce tonight's guest.
Intermediate and advanced language courses are given in the language being learned.
He earns a living.
Smoking is no habit but an addiction.
I said nothing of the sort.
It's not as bad as it sounds.
I am learning Basque.
A clear conscience is the sure sign of a bad memory.
A gentleman is someone who knows how to play the banjo and doesn't.
A man cannot be comfortable without his own approval.
A man is never more truthful than when he acknowledges himself a liar.
A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read.
Those who choose not to read have no advantage over those who can't read.
A person with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
Action speaks louder than words, but not nearly as often.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
All great men are dead and I am not feeling too well myself.
All you need is ignorance and confidence and the success is sure.
Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Apparently, there is nothing that cannot happen today.
Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.
Be respectful to your superiors, if you have any.
Better a broken promise than none at all.
Books are for people who wish they were somewhere else.
Buy land. I hear they aren't making it anymore.
Cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
Don't let schooling interfere with your education.
Education consists mainly in what we have unlearned.
Eighty percent of life is showing up.
Every generalization is dangerous, especially this one.
Everybody talks about the weather, but nobody does anything about it.
Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.
Familiarity breeds contempt and children.
Fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities. Truth isn't.
It's no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense.
Why shouldn't truth be stranger than fiction? Fiction, after all, has to make sense.
Get a bicycle. You will not regret it, if you live.
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
I do not like work even when someone else is doing it.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
I make it a rule never to smoke while I'm sleeping.
If I'd had more time, I'd have written a shorter letter.
If you have nothing to say, say nothing.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
When in doubt tell the truth. It will confound your enemies and astound your friends.
It is easier to stay out than to get out.
It's easy to make friends, but hard to get rid of them.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Man is the only animal that blushes. Or needs to.
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
No sinner is ever saved after the first twenty minutes of a sermon.
Not all horses were born equal. A few were born to win.
Numbers don't stick in your mind, pictures do.
Put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
Reality can be beaten with enough imagination.
Sometimes too much to drink is barely enough.
Too much of anything is bad, but too much good whiskey is barely enough.
The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in San Francisco.
The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work.
The dullest pencil is better than the sharpest memory.
The human race has one really effective weapon and that is laughter.
The more things are forbidden, the more popular they become.
The more you explain it, the more I don't understand it.
The older I get, the more clearly I remember things that never happened.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The worst loneliness is to not be comfortable with yourself.
There are several good protections against temptation, but the surest is cowardice.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist, except an old optimist.
To a man with a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence.
Water, taken in moderation, cannot hurt anybody.
We are all alike, on the inside.
We are all stupid, just on different subjects.
When angry, count to four. When very angry, swear.
When I was younger I could remember anything, whether it happened or not.
Why not go out on a limb? That's where the fruit is.
Worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe.
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
It is better to have old second-hand diamonds than none at all.
Anyone who can only think of one way to spell a word obviously lacks imagination.
I was seldom able to see an opportunity until it had ceased to be one.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we'd have been born that way.
Some people bring joy wherever they go, and some people bring joy whenever they go.
To get the full value of joy, you must have someone to divide it with.
Work and play are words used to describe the same thing under differing conditions.
Writing is easy. All you have to do is cross out the wrong words.
A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Plan for the future because that's where you are going to spend the rest of your life.
The most interesting information comes from children, for they tell all they know and then stop.
Eat a live frog every morning, and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Youth is such a priceless commodity that it is a shame to waste it on children.
I am sorry to write such a long letter. I didn't have time to write a short one.
The less there is to justify a traditional custom, the harder it is to get rid of it.
Often, the less there is to justify a traditional custom the harder it is to get rid of it.
The right word may be effective, but no word was ever as effective as a rightly timed pause.
It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog.
Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it thousands of times.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
If we were supposed to talk more than listen, we would have been given two mouths and one ear.
The difference between the right word and almost the right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
When your friends begin to flatter you on how young you look, it's a sure sign you're getting old.
Life would be infinitely happier if we could only be born at the age of eighty and gradually approach eighteen.
The saved game appears to be damaged and cannot be used. Please quit the game and then restart after removing the save data.
I don't know why I'm in a bad mood this morning.
I don't like the house he lives in.
The plump young woman thrust the heel of her stiletto into my big toe under the pretence that I had been too forceful.
This is my father.
I'm not even capable of pinpointing Germany on a map! I'm ashamed!
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this definition of success?
If you look carefully, you'll see that the box has a false bottom.
A picture of the fugitive was plastered all over the newspapers.
A pygmy is something that is a very small example of its type.
I must buy one of these.
I don't want to write with this pen.
I need to hit the sack.
I have to get up quite early tomorrow.
The chapter on the Russian Revolution really blew me away.
The leaves blew away in the wind.
Do you have any question on this lesson?
We all want prices to decline.
We all want prices to fall.
For this reason, I can't go with you.
The words of the year 2010 in Denmark are "ash cloud", "Peripheral Denmark", "vuvuzela" and "WikiLeaks".
Where are you bound?
Where are you heading?
Where do they do that?
My friends and I are volunteering at the community center this weekend.
My sister is volunteering more and more of her free time to the student union.
Can you visualise how the garden will look once the flowers are in bloom?
It's impossible for us to visualise four-dimensional objects.
The girl was visibly shaken after the accident.
The operation violates international law.
If you learn how to do card tricks you'll always be the life of the party.
They won us over with their small-town hospitality.
The U.S. president's passport is black, not blue like an average citizen's.
She went to rehab and straightened herself out.
An animal can be much more dangerous when wounded.
Aiding and abetting the enemy is considered treason.
Humans are healed, but machines are repaired.
I don't believe we've been formally introduced.
There's plenty of blame to go around.
When changing lanes look over your shoulder and check your blind spot.
They have us out-gunned, but we'll have the element of surprise.
We're having second thoughts about going to Hawaii for our honeymoon.
She's in trouble because she saw something that she shouldn't have.
It's all in a day's work.
Some doctors are in favor of euthanasia while others believe it goes against the Hippocratic oath.
As a public official you have sworn an oath to uphold and defend the constitution.
Please don't blow your nose on the tablecloth.
He sauntered through the park whistling a tune he'd learned in his youth.
I have a whole box of cigars ready to pass out when my son is born.
Time's up. Please pass in your exams.
For me, being a doctor isn't a job, it's a calling.
The policeman wrestled the thief to the ground and put handcuffs on him.
This oil well has been sucked dry.
It seems a cruel thing to clip a bird's wings.
Just wait till I get my hands on that two-timing bastard!
I hope that you are good.
Yikes, we are in the soup now!
In the long run oat flakes with advocaat for breakfast will knock everybody's socks off.
Quantum physics is too difficult for a mere mortal to understand.
The businessman is trying to keep his people on the go by keeping a stiff upper lip, but they are just acting like a dying duck in a thunderstorm.
Child pornography is illegal in most countries, but Saeb wants me to make up sentences about it.
It's a lot too thin that our henpecked husband in fact hooked up the wallflower.
Dima actually thought that midget porn is some subtype of child porn.
Some good-for-nothing at this gutter paper here, spread this mare's nest.
It took a load off my mind that I finally found you!
What the hell? That guy got his license from a cereal box!
Keep your mouth shut!
She read the article over and over again.
The girl had big boobs but sadly she was one sandwich short of a picnic.
There may be life on the moons of Jupiter.
We traveled westwards for 100 miles.
They mined iron in this town for 350 years.
He went undefeated his whole career.
How heavy you are!
I want to climb this mountain.
She waited patiently for him.
What did you do at that moment?
None of us were satisfied with the system.
Not all of us were satisfied with the system.
We should consider the problem from a child's perspective.
Is this your sack or his?
Is this your sack or hers?
Please show me the schedule.
Arianna, you're a disaster!
Someday someone will stand on the Martian landscape and take a picture of Earth in the night sky.
There are four seasons in this country.
There are many good reasons not to do it.
Supporters fought with each other after the football match.
She seems excited.
The more cheese, the more holes. The more holes, the less cheese. Thus: The more cheese, the less cheese.
He was bursting with energy.
The long black coat reached almost to his ankles.
Number unobtainable.
Math sucks.
Whether you drive quickly or slowly, drive carefully.
Please listen to what I have to say.
Could you please speak a little slower?
Why do people use indirectness?
Discuss and give examples.
Do not forget to acknowledge sources precisely.
Examples can be taken from the course materials or can be texts that you found autonomously.
Below, you can read the instructions you will be given during the final exam.
How do idioms contribute to language description and production?
He's losing his looks.
She's losing her looks.
Looks aren't everything.
If looks could kill, I'd be dead by now.
I would like to become a famous soccer player.
I would like to travel around the world.
Tatoeba has no "Log Out" button.
People from China play another kind of chess.
Democracy exists where there is nobody so rich to buy another and nobody so poor to be supplied.
"I am the State!" said the king.
How many barbers work in that barbershop?
The dog was busy burying his bone in the garden.
He buttoned up his coat before walking out the door.
How many caps do you own?
Please turn down the stereo a little.
I'm a fan of Tatoeba.
Since I hadn't seen Martha for several months, I went to visit her yesterday.
You can't drink seawater because it's too salty.
You may invite anyone you like.
You should give up smoking since it's unhealthy.
That's a pretty little girls' school.
Where are the boys?
Our team is still undefeated.
The beautiful girl with black hair was in the park.
Hide this in a safe place. I don't want anyone getting their hands on it.
Don't do anything you'll regret.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
A good lie is easier to believe than the truth.
His story is too preposterous to be a lie.
You want answers to questions you shouldn't ask.
There's proper etiquette for everything, even an orgy.
The Medieval Era gave way to the Renaissance.
Thank you for the generous invitation but we don't want to wear out our welcome.
What bugged me most was having been deceived.
I won't go with you unless you tell me where we're going.
She makes it a point to always arrive fashionably late.
I used to be a night owl, but now I'm an early riser.
Please send any complaints or suggestions to the following email address.
If you find yourself in quicksand you'll sink more slowly if you don't move.
Most castles have a moat surrounding them.
Laughter is infectious.
An undercover operative infiltrated the organization.
On a first date, it's best to steer clear of touchy subjects.
In all likelihood, the president will serve a second term.
The hounds flushed the fox out of its hiding place.
The English class system is known for its snobbery.
We found a beautiful, blue lagoon on the far side of the island.
We are God's wheat.
She loves me. But I do not love her.
He loves me. But I do not love him.
You are children.
One can even buy a so-called Religion, which is really but common morality sanctified with flowers and music. Rob the Church of her accessories and what remains behind?
We are people.
I am not eating.
He who lives without madness is not as wise as he thinks.
She wants to dance.
I am eating a banana.
I did not know this.
Jealousy is always born at the same time as love, but it does not always die at the same time as love.
Old people wake up early.
That documentary about the environmental crisis was a real eye-opener.
His short stature makes him feel insecure.
The five documents treat of the French post-revolutionary situation.
I admire Pharamp a lot.
Let's just hope she won't evaluate the grammar.
Is she sleeping?
He cannot do anything against me without disclosing the matter to the public.
The more important crossroads are equipped with traffic lights and roundabouts.
When the lights are red all vehicles must stop, and they may not start until they turn to green. Amber is the intermediate colour.
Few people get knocked down and run over in the pedestrian precincts which have been created in most city centres.
On weekdays, shopping streets swarm with people hurrying and rushing along.
What bustle in the streets!
In Montpellier, the tram clattering along used to wake me up every day.
Nobody wants it.
In order to help him, talk to him a lot.
I hope that you are able to resolve the situation soon.
I have read your letter closely, and your situation seems very typical and foreseeable in a relationship.
The world often rewards the appearance of value more than value itself.
There are few who are not embarrassed to have been in love once they don't love each other anymore.
Few men know how to be old.
He ran.
And then, the boy did that.
Are you going to do it over again?
These are the bluest blueberries I have ever seen. They're almost unnaturally blue.
The sky today is the bluest that I've ever seen it.
Some of the bluest water in the world is found in Crater Lake.
How often do you edit your profile?
You run.
He runs.
I need to bring this suede vest to the dry-cleaner's.
She runs.
We talked the plan over with him.
We talked about the plan with him.
We discussed the plan with him.
I couldn't sleep all night.
A small boat is steered by means of a tiller fitted to the head of the rudder.
I must learn Japanese.
Have you ever seen a red river?
I get bored quickly in everything I do.
The book is mine.
The horse is mine.
I don't give a fuck about what you say!
If he had been a bird, he could have flown to you.
I don't have any enemies.
What a nice idea!
The political scandal blew over in no time and everything was back to business as usual.
She beat the odds and won the lottery.
Napoleon lived in exile on the island of Elba.
Give me some time to let it all sink in.
He doesn't stand a chance against his opponent.
This morning Tom had vegetable soup.
We found a glitch in the program that will have to be dealt with before we move on.
"Do you really think so?" "I know so."
The defendant was found not guilty by reason of insanity.
I have a bad feeling about this.
The couple broke off their engagement.
He should atone for his sins.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
All women become like their mothers - that is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
She paid them a most generous compliment.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt toward people we dislike.
His fake moustache started to peel off on one side.
The mosque was torched in the middle of the night.
These events transpired while the senator was still in office.
The children were left to fend for themselves.
The catapult hurled the boulder over the castle walls.
I'll monitor your progress from my computer.
No! Did he really say that? You can't be serious!
The wreckage is scattered over a large area.
I can't prove it, but I'm sure he was murdered.
Somebody has to be held accountable for his death.
This is a bit too loose around my waist.
I pay 30 euros for every visit to the dentist.
This has shaken my faith in the institutions of government.
In the near future, he will get his just deserts.
Wikileaks pisses me off.
A massive coverup was orchestrated at the highest levels of government.
I have no comment.
We received a large package.
How did you get such a large amount of money?
It was cold, so we lit a fire.
Have mercy, my God, for the sake of my tears!
I am at school now and I will stay here until 8 o'clock.
It is hard for me to believe this.
Mark's foolery is already making Rosa sick.
I am very grateful for your help.
Mary's birthday will be soon. I am going to bake a cake for her.
My wife telephones me often when I am abroad.
Five times seven is thirty-five.
Pray to the Lord and not his prophets.
He doesn't give a damn about that.
Nothing out of the ordinary happened on our trip.
We had no unexpected incidents during our trip.
My uncle has been diagnosed with leukemia.
In Italian everything is written the way you pronounce it.
He has a nice income.
This organisation promotes literacy in rural areas.
I bought you a kite.
I arranged a meeting on the train station with her at five o'clock
I wore my best clothes.
Her beauty is indescribable.
I would like to play golf.
I will be reading the book when I've finished this job.
Are there any guidebooks in Japanese?
Come in please!
This dog is yours. Where is mine?
One-fifth of the Earth's surface is covered by permafrost.
Permafrost covers one-fifth of the Earth's surface.
He's my age.
An airplane had flown over the mountain.
According to him, yes.
A mother kissed the child.
He doesn't want you to talk about your sexual life to him.
She was nearly without any money.
It was starting to rain.
An artist has to have a color-sensitive eye.
It is already too late.
Get the fuck out of here.
This ticket is valid for only two days after its purchase.
I asked him where I could park my car.
On the way to school I lost my wallet.
A boxer regained his consciousness ten minutes after he was knocked-out.
He sent his luggage earlier.
Let's take this path down.
Let the coin throw decide.
Yes, he is Anthony.
There must be only but a few rules; moreover, they have to be simple.
She didn't like city life.
I have to remember to buy this book tomorrow.
Today I'm going to a game again, but I need to set off earlier than yesterday.
Shut up or you'll be thrown out.
My answer is enough.
The world is running short on the oil.
He puts a lot of his interest in Japanese literature.
He's very nice!
He's so kind!
I took your umbrella by a mistake.
You've changed much.
He's been trying to become a member of a horsemanship society.
Don't sugar my coffee.
Please don't pour sugar into my coffee.
He'll be back in ten.
I'm looking for Andy. Do you know where he is?
Do you even recall me?
Do you recall me at all?
The moon was shining bright.
I tried to reach him but the line was engaged.
Would you stay tonight, perhaps?
Save for the cold in the hall, the gig was good.
Watch your step or you'll be in trouble.
His only wish was to see his son one last time.
Our football team defended well.
His only wish was to see his son again one more time.
I do agree with you entirely, Sir.
He is identical to his older brother.
The fire was extinguished quick.
Round about noon a friend of mine popped in.
This goblet is made of gold.
My mother does a laundry every day.
Sir, we need your help please.
He can't make this.
If I were a bird, I would have been able to fly to you.
Did you hear about yesterday's fire?
Bill, open the door.
An example should make this clear.
He swims in the river.
I overslept this morning, therefore I haven't had my breakfast.
But I don't have money.
She hung up angrily.
No, until now she has never fallen in love.
The car stopped completely immobile.
I can't remember when he moved to Boston.
Don't be stupid.
This pencil cost me at least a hundred bucks.
What are you up to tomorrow afternoon?
He has to be in love with you.
She needs our help.
I often have the same dream.
Indeed, it's true.
I lied. Please forgive.
Everyone around here knows his name.
This new car belongs to her.
You should not lose your patience when dealing with kids.
There are a few boats on the lake.
Her English improved significantly.
I'm afraid you have dialed a wrong number.
We have fish for dinner today.
Kate, take a seat.
Pure talk.
Are we human because we stare at the stars or do we stare at the stars because we are human?
If the music be the food of love, play on!
You can't park your car here.
I would like him to write more often.
Food and blankets were given to the refugees.
What happened to the book I put here yesterday?
He speaks two languages besides English.
I want to visit Cuba before Castro dies.
We are expecting the publication of his book.
With this vote, we righted a wrong.
Stir once every fifteen minutes.
A pill for every ill.
You are what you eat.
We eat more processed food than natural food.
We eat too much of the wrong food and not enough of the right food.
Sometimes the first symptom of cardiovascular disease is death.
Let me put this in perspective for you.
This is like fighting someone with one arm tied behind your back.
If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself.
These are the people who saw the explosion.
Really?! Man, you're kidding right?
Man, I just saw it on the news! Damn, you're making me doubt my own eyes!
Take your fucking hands off me, you bastard!
Grammar Nazis must die!
Our project failed.
Grammar-Nazi-sympathizers must die too!
Do not put child into bag!
Nobody circles the wagons like the Buffalo Bills.
Do you find it risible?
Hark!
Our plan has lots of additional advantages.
It's our duty to help.
I went to Sendai and hurried right back.
I went to Sendai and came right back without staying there overnight.
A man chooses; a slave obeys.
Don't drop that glass.
The robot was so lifelike that it was creepy.
Strive to simplify everything.
He was criticized for voicing such a controversial opinion.
No supply is unlimited.
Is that in the additive or subtractive color model?
My parents are both dead.
He is small and weak.
Do you have any feedback for us?
What is it all about?
The curry fish balls are one dollar each.
I live on the ground floor.
This is my friend.
It doesn't matter!
Could you lend me some money?
There was a beautiful woman with black hair in the park.
People that have experienced so-called 'lucid dreams' often describe them as being 'more real than reality'. They also describe reality after waking up from a 'lucid dream' to be like a 'whimsical dream'.
Every time I listen to this song, I cry.
I cry every time I listen to this song.
There must be an easier way to do this.
Dogs like to piss on fire hydrants.
He thought he could get her to like him if he ingratiated himself with her mother.
The CEO is trying to quash these unfounded rumors about a merger.
She's a violinist of some renown.
His love for her went unrequited.
You never think you'll go to war and end up a victim of friendly fire.
Don't presume to tell me how to raise my children!
I've learned not to put much stock in what he says.
He smokes like a chimney and drinks like a fish.
My little sister sure knows how to push my buttons.
Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat for a white passenger.
Neil Armstrong's famous footprint is still right where he left it.
Bears like to scratch their back on tree bark.
The divorce was finalized this morning at the attorney's office.
Despite all his setbacks, he remains an optimist.
Hey boys, stop fighting. Come on, break it up!
When I asked him if he knew where she was he just shrugged his shoulders.
How do you console a woman who has just lost her only child?
A right without a duty is a privilege.
He said that he spoke to her about the talk that he gave at the conference.
Just staying alive in these times is hard enough.
I am very glad to meet you today.
This isn't quite it yet but I think that we are getting closer.
Clear up a doubt.
I just gave up.
Let's get cracking!
Here we go!
Coat the chicken breast with flour.
If women knew how much we miss them, they would leave sooner.
It is two o'clock in the morning.
Please stay within earshot.
He is said to be able to speak without using notes.
Add salt to taste.
This book is sold for a very attractive price!
This book is sold at a highly competitive price!
Language schools suck.
She is a beginner.
I'm going to put them in a room and let them battle it out.
The animals living on a farm are the livestock.
When will you come back from Milan?
Stock-raising is one of the farmer's occupations and the animals are carefully selected according to their breed.
Cattle breeding is one of the farmer's occupations and the animals are carefully selected according to their breed.
The herds are turned out into the pasture to graze.
Sheep are bred for their fleece and their meat.
Ewes bleat to call their lambs, the most gentle and meekest of animals.
To the crow family belong the raven, the rook and the magpie.
Hawks are birds of prey.
Thank you for amending that mistake.
You just have to trust each other.
I'll certainly do this.
She lives in Kyoto.
This is madness.
Are you pulling my leg?
Pull the other one.
If you have any doubts, let me know without any hesitation.
They speak Spanish in Colombia.
Gods exist.
Augustus is my most beloved son.
A word spoken is past recalling.
When candles are out, all cats are grey.
I drank about 20 beers but the cop couldn't tell I was drunk and let me go.
A truthful politician? Pull the other one!
Keeping up with Joneses.
Which continent is the most populated one?
What's the difference between a violin and a piano? A piano burns longer.
I play with the PlayStation 3.
What is the difference between a pigeon?
I'm from Colombia.
Arthur is one of the students that redid their year.
Existence is a meaningless concept.
Sysko, will you fix the Uzbek transliteration tomorrow?
Someday, you'll wake up and find yourself dead.
Taro, the supper is ready!
I'd like to see her back.
We got off on the wrong foot.
We eloped on the spur of the moment. It was so romantic!
The proposed building site has yet to be approved by the city council.
The statue shows Lincoln with one fist clenched and the other relaxed.
Do you study or work?
Everyone feels a little grossed out at the thought of their parents having sex.
The U.S. government has three branches: the executive, the legislative, and the judicial.
I don't know why I bother repeating myself.
All eyes were glued on the TV set as the election results came in.
She exuded nothing but confidence going into the final round.
I didn't win, but at least I got a consolation prize.
Companies with diversified holdings tend to weather economics shocks better.
She perused a magazine while waiting for her date to show up.
I'd be much obliged if you could give me a lift into town.
He whittled the stick to a sharp point with his hunting knife.
He was demoted to the rank of lieutenant.
Participants in a seance try to contact the dead.
The doctor told me to inhale and exhale slowly and deeply.
The knife's serrated edge makes it perfect for cutting such things as bread.
He confided in me things he would tell no one else.
The Catholic Church doesn't condone the use of condoms.
She was on the scene of the crime.
Don't make a scene in such a public place.
The starlet showed up at the premier flanked by two, big bodyguards.
She was at the scene of the crime.
She was at the crime scene.
The mass used to be said in Latin.
My son has gotten quite good at conjuring up excuses for not going to school.
I have so many things to tell you that I don't know where to start.
You shouldn't coddle her so much. She needs to learn to be independent.
He's offended at the slightest thing, he takes exception to nearly everything we say to him.
Aim at the target with this gun.
Linguistics is the discipline which aims to describe language.
You'll have to pay a damn sight more than that for it.
I'm loved.
There is neither Jew nor Gentile, neither slave nor free, nor is there male and female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
Just as the female ant after coition loses her wings, which then become superfluous, nay, dangerous for breeding purposes, so for the most part does a woman lose her beauty after giving birth to one or two children; and probably for the same reasons.
Compassion is the basis of all morality.
Change alone is eternal, perpetual, immortal.
Every time a man is begotten and born, the clock of human life is wound up anew to repeat once more its same old tune that has already been played innumerable times, movement by movement and measure by measure, with insignificant variations.
Reason is feminine in nature; it can only give after it has received. Of itself it has nothing but the empty forms of its operation.
In early youth, as we contemplate our coming life, we are like children in a theatre before the curtain is raised, sitting there in high spirits and eagerly waiting for the play to begin.
Philosophy is a science, and as such has no articles of faith; accordingly, in it nothing can be assumed as existing except what is either positively given empirically, or demonstrated through indubitable conclusions.
Honor has not to be won; it must only not be lost.
The brain may be regarded as a kind of parasite of the organism, a pensioner, as it were, who dwells with the body.
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
Buying books would be a good thing if one could also buy the time to read them in: but as a rule the purchase of books is mistaken for the appropriation of their contents.
Money is human happiness in the abstract: he, then, who is no longer capable of enjoying human happiness in the concrete devotes his heart entirely to money.
We can come to look upon the deaths of our enemies with as much regret as we feel for those of our friends, namely, when we miss their existence as witnesses to our success.
Only a male intellect clouded by the sexual drive could call the stunted, narrow-shouldered, broad-hipped and short-legged sex the fair sex.
The animal lacks both anxiety and hope because its consciousness is restricted to what is clearly evident and thus to the present moment: the animal is the present incarnate.
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies.
Intellect is invisible to the man who has none.
In the sphere of thought, absurdity and perversity remain the masters of the world, and their dominion is suspended only for brief periods.
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
Women are directly adapted to act as the nurses and educators of our early childhood, for the simple reason that they themselves are childish, foolish, and short-sighted.
Women in their hearts think that men are intended to earn money so that they may spend it, if possible during their husband's lifetime, but at any rate after his death.
In a court of justice women are more often found guilty of perjury than men.
If it is true that the Greeks forbade women to go to the play, they acted in a right way; for they would at any rate be able to hear something.
We all live, at any rate for a time, and the majority of us always, in polygamy. Consequently, as each man needs many women, nothing is more just than to let him, nay, make it incumbent upon him to provide for many women. By this means woman will be brought back to her proper and natural place as a subordinate being.
That woman is by nature intended to obey is shown by the fact that every woman who is placed in the unnatural position of absolute independence at once attaches herself to some kind of man, by whom she is controlled and governed; this is because she requires a master. If she, is young, the man is a lover; if she is old, a priest.
A dead thing can go with the stream, but only a living thing can go against it.
The modern world is a crowd of very rapid racing cars all brought to a standstill and stuck in a block of traffic.
War is not 'the best way of settling differences; it is the only way of preventing their being settled for you.
The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him.
With animals I wish to live my life; they're such great companions!
Our virtues are, most often, only disguised vices.
We are never as happy nor as unhappy as we imagine.
We find little common sense, but in those who share our opinion.
Unfortunately, I don't have a reservation. Do you still have a double room available?
He was hit by a car and died instantly.
Please don't smoke too much.
Don't smoke too much.
Truth be told, this sentence uses the subjunctive mood.
Enough is enough!
The room charge is $100 a night plus tax.
It costs $100 a night not counting tax.
The typhoon knocked down a tree in my yard.
I lost a camera the day before that.
The basic question is, what vision do you aspire to?
I asked the lawyer to make out my will.
She began piano lessons when she was six years old.
Children begin school when they are six years old.
Where are you now?
The high-profile kidnapping has captivated the nation.
Elvis has left the building.
Finishing second in the Olympics gets you silver. Finishing second in politics gets you oblivion.
I played with my brother.
Get lost, stupid jerk!
I was taking a walk with my brother.
Your plans are very good, but mine are better than yours.
Your plan is very good, but mine is better.
Lviv for lions!
Every law has its exception.
I've just finished eating.
Shishir already went to bed.
Tatoeba is a great way to procrastinate.
I bought him a drink to thank him for his help.
Speaking of Switzerland, have you ever been there in the winter?
You should get married in Boston.
My mother and father are sending me to Boston for the summer to visit my cousins.
Why is everybody making such a big deal about this?
Everyone knows that Jessie has a thing for you.
Fresh coffee will be ready in a minute.
Have you set a date for your wedding?
It's pretty warm out for a jacket.
There must be something you can do.
I don't like this place.
I am bored out of my mind.
Please let the man talk.
Please pay attention.
I don't want any trouble.
You guys look the same.
What country are you from?
How do I solve this problem?
I hate this place.
My cell phone doesn't work.
Can I have your number?
What is your number?
I don't have enough.
If you are a member of a primitive community and wish to produce food, for example, there are two things you must do.
I don't have a problem with this.
Bring all your friends next time.
They are all of my friends.
Do you have any cheaper ones?
I am going to have a good day.
Where did you hide the food?
What kind of food do you like?
Come and visit me when you are feeling better.
I await your arrival.
Introduce me to your friend over there.
This is the life that I chose.
Are these the only ones you have?
Do we have a problem?
I need to replace my keyboard with a new one.
Please choose wisely.
You have a weird smell.
You don't smell good at all.
Using a camera appeases the anxiety which the work driven feel about not working when they are on vacation and supposed to be having fun. They have something to do that is like a friendly imitation of work: they can take pictures.
The truth is always something that is told, not something that is known. If there were no speaking or writing, there would be no truth about anything. There would only be what is.
Painters and sculptors under the Nazis often depicted the nude, but they were forbidden to show any bodily imperfections.
Not all violence is equally reprehensible; not all wars are equally unjust.
So successful has been the camera's role in beautifying the world that photographs, rather than the world, have become the standard of the beautiful.
The barbarian is, first and foremost, the man who believes in barbarianism.
The world began without man and it shall end without him.
The radio didn't inform about the accident.
When will Esperanto win?
It rains softly on the town.
It rains softly on the city.
Brother men who live after us, Harden not your hearts against us.
My days have gone wandering.
But where are the snows of olden days?
In this faith I wish to live and die.
The girl washed her hair.
They're able students.
We're able dancers.
Tom is an able cricket player.
Tom is able to play soccer.
I'm not able to fix the computer.
They're able to sing.
I don't want to talk about the weather.
Are you thinking about getting a job?
The book is about the law.
We are about to sit down to dinner.
The country's economy is about to collapse.
The eagle is about to land.
You have to get above a "C" in the class.
The temperature is above freezing today.
They lifted her above their heads.
Child abuse is against the law.
They're against animal abuse.
Tom has a problem with drug abuse.
Mary's husband abused her.
People shouldn't abuse animals.
If you abuse your computer, it won't work well.
The college accepted him as a student.
The company accepted his application.
Tom accepted the job offer.
Car accidents are the leading cause of death for teenagers in the United States.
Tom had an accident at work.
Two cars were in an accident.
Tom accused the employee of stealing.
The police accused her of texting while driving.
The two men accused each other.
We drove across the city.
We try to explain things across cultures; in spite of boundaries.
They didn't act quickly.
In an emergency, do you act quickly?
Tom has been acting strangely lately.
Tom is an activist in his community.
Activists try to prevent disease in poor countries.
Al Gore is a global-warming activist.
Brad Pitt is an actor.
Do you want to be an actor in a movie?
I'd like to add some information to my report.
We need to add some statistics to the PowerPoint.
It is easy to add numbers using a calculator.
The university administration lowered tuition.
The administration decided to move the home office of the company to Hawaii.
The administration makes important decisions.
This ticket admits up to four people into Disneyland.
They admitted her to the hospital.
Tom admitted to spilling the red wine.
This movie is for adults only.
When you're eighteen years old, you're an adult in the United States.
Is it more fun being a child or an adult?
We need to advertise on television.
I don't have enough money to advertise.
How should you advertise on the Internet?
I advise you to listen to your doctor.
Tom advised the job applicant to redo her resume.
Mary's doctor advised her to exercise.
The bad weather affected his health.
Tom's kindness affected her.
Some people are afraid of spiders.
Children are sometimes afraid of the dark.
Are you afraid of horror movies?
There's a party after work.
Let's meet the day after tomorrow.
I usually have dessert after dinner.
I bought new clothes after my diet.
Can you do that again?
I didn't see it.
We need to do this report again.
Can you say that again?
I didn't hear it.
Put the desk against the wall.
Tom is against taking the new job.
The workers are against the new plan.
Please put your age on the form.
I'd love to be your age.
What age was she when she first drove a car?
Tom started an advertising agency.
Tom works for the Environmental Protection Agency.
A talent agency represents actors.
Is aggression natural, or is it learned?
The boy's aggression is making problems.
Fear causes aggression in dogs.
Tom left five minutes ago.
They got married three months ago.
I sent it to you two days ago.
Tom's train left five minutes ago.
The girl's parents agreed to her request.
They agreed to work together on the project.
Many countries depend on agriculture.
Agriculture was developed more than 10,000 years ago.
Agriculture is an important industry in California.
Health workers aid people in need.
Take aim at the target.
French cooking aims at making healthy, tasty food.
Aim the video camera at that group.
I like fresh air.
The balloon is filled with air.
Advertising sells products over the air.
Tom always wanted to join the air force.
The Army Air Corps, which became the U.S. Air Force, began in 1918.
An F-14 is a U.S. Air Force plane.
We'll get on the airplane in an hour.
The first airplane flew in 1903 for twelve seconds.
We'll land at Narita Airport at 7:00 a.m.
We arrived at the airport three hours before our flight.
Atlanta, Georgia has one of the busiest airports in the world.
Here is their photo album.
This is Carrie Underwood's latest album.
The goldfish is alive.
After his accident, he is happy to be alive.
I went on vacation, and my plants are still alive.
Mary's father left her all of his money.
I finished all my work early.
Mary spent all her time working.
Tom is my ally at the company.
Mary wants an ally to help her succeed.
Those people are political allies and will help each other.
I'm almost done. Just give me a minute.
The place was almost empty.
The golf ball almost went in the hole.
Do you like to be alone?
Tom worked on the job alone.
Tom was alone on Friday night.
After dinner, bring your guitar along and we'll sing.
The busy mother told the children to run along.
My sister came along on the shopping trip.
I already called him.
She's already rich even though she's only 26 years old.
They already got married.
They'd like sandwiches, salad, and juice, also.
Can you do a PowerPoint and finish this report, also?
Although the sun was out, it was cold.
Tom doesn't want to be a doctor, although he's very good in science.
We always have a party on his birthday.
Family should always come first.
A husband and wife promise always to love each other.
He's the ambassador to Haiti.
She's the French ambassador to Portugal.
The American and Japanese ambassadors met at a conference.
We'll need to amend the contract so that we can pay you more.
They amended the document.
The Bill of Rights amended the U.S. Constitution.
The factory produces ammunition.
The statistics gave ammunition to her argument.
The hunter put ammunition in the gun.
Is that singer popular among your friends?
We're choosing among those ideas.
It is nice to be among family.
They needed a new government to control the anarchy.
Anarchy can happen during wartime.
Their country is threatened by anarchy.
Tom's ancestors came from Africa.
Where are your ancestors from?
Our ancestors came here over a hundred years ago.
Tom is studying the ancient civilizations of the Mediterranean.
Do you like ancient history?
They found an ancient bowl from 2,000 years ago.
Tom's anger hurt their marriage.
Tom took a class to learn how to manage his anger.
Anger is hard to control.
Do you like to see animals at the zoo?
Which animals make the best pets for children?
Pandas are beautiful animals.
It's the anniversary of the end of the war.
Tom forgot the anniversary of their first date.
They're celebrating their wedding anniversary.
Tom announced that he was quitting football.
They announced their engagement to the family.
The airline announced that the plane had landed.
Tom found a new way to announce his news.
I'd like another glass of water, please.
They'll finish this another day.
We need another member.
They'll give us their answer soon.
What was her answer to your proposal?
What's your answer?
Vaccines deliver antibodies that fight disease.
A flu shot contains antibodies that fight the H1N1 virus.
Antibodies fight off infections and viruses.
Do you know any good restaurants near here?
Would you like any dessert?
Some people have difficulty apologizing.
I apologize for what I said.
I'm really sorry.
Tom apologized to her.
They appealed the court's decision.
When the girl was lost, her parents appealed to the public for information.
Tom appealed for help.
Smoke appeared.
Tom appeared confused.
They appointed a judge.
Tom appointed her as manager.
The administration approved the budget.
Did they approve your project?
The team approved his proposal.
Have you ever studied archeology?
Tom works in archeology.
Archeology reveals the secrets of the past.
They live in a beautiful area.
What area of China do you like the best?
The waterfront is a beautiful area.
Some people hate to argue.
Tell me what you're arguing about.
They were arguing about money.
The mountains were all around the city.
Everyone crowded around the fantastic dancer.
The silver balls are around the red ball.
Mary was using drugs, so the police arrested her.
My neighbor was arrested last night.
The police arrested him for drinking and driving.
They arrived in New Delhi on July 9th.
What time do you arrive in Paris for the meeting?
Tom never arrives on time.
Tom arrived at the hotel.
What's your favorite kind of art?
Do you like Renaissance art?
Great art makes people feel something.
Mary is as tall as Tom is.
They're as tired as we are.
Tom is as fast as a leopard.
The white ball weighs as much as the red ball.
He wanted his ashes spread over the ocean after he died.
Volcanic ash covered the city.
After the fire, only ash was left.
I can't get anyone to assist me.
They can't assist you if you don't have your receipt.
Could you assist me, please?
Neil Armstrong was the first astronaut to walk on the moon.
It takes many years of training to become an astronaut.
Would you like to be an astronaut?
My ancestors hoped to find political asylum.
Thousands of people apply for political asylum each year.
They became citizens after receiving political asylum.
We'll meet at 3:00 p.m.
Tom is at work.
I live at 423 Midvale Drive.
Tom is at the computer.
There's volcanic ash in the atmosphere.
The atmosphere is made up of oxygen.
The atmosphere in this restaurant is nice.
Atoms are in everything.
Who first split the atom?
Atoms cannot be seen with your own eye.
The button is attached to the dress.
Attach the two cables together.
There was an attack on a worker last night.
The attack was shown on video.
The soldiers started their attack.
We'll attempt to start the class soon.
They're attempting to contact her.
Tom is attempting to climb the rock.
How many people attended the meeting?
I won't be able to attend.
Twenty people attended the party.
They always give their attention to environmental problems.
My children share my attention.
Tom is paying attention to his budget.
Who invented the first automobile?
Tom has a very old automobile.
That garage has room for two automobiles.
Children go back to school in autumn.
It rains in early autumn.
Autumn is my favorite season.
Are you available next week for a meeting?
The doctor is only available on weekdays.
Is that seat available?
It's an average day at work.
They're average students.
They are of average height.
We're trying to avoid the bill collectors.
They can't avoid the traffic.
Tom wants to avoid everything.
I'm usually awake by 8:00 a.m.
They have to be awake by 5:00 a.m. tomorrow.
The baby's awake.
Tom got an award for the highest sales at his company.
Awards can help you get into college.
They got an award for good grades.
The boy pushed his plate away.
We live ten minutes away from him.
The soldier is going away.
We'll have to sit at the back of the train.
Mary injured her back playing tennis.
The back of the building is on First Street.
Mary has her back to us.
Hand washing is one way to control bacteria.
We need to keep bacteria out of food.
That disease is caused by bacteria.
My income and expenses aren't balanced.
She's trying to balance her work and home lives.
Tom is balancing on a tightrope.
Tom is filling out a ballot.
We have to count all of the ballots.
It's important to complete your ballot.
The government banned cigarette advertising on television.
Hunting is banned in national parks.
Smoking is banned in restaurants in California.
There's a bank on the corner.
Tom put his money in the bank.
Do you keep your money in a bank?
They barred journalists from reporting on the elections.
Tom was barred from a women-only dinner.
She's a beauty.
The beauty of nature is precious.
There are many examples of beauty.
We want to help you because you deserve it.
We're giving you more money because you did a great job.
Tom stayed home from work because he was sick.
We have space for two beds.
Have you ever slept on a water bed?
Mary walked first, and Tom came behind.
I'm behind in my paperwork.
Tom is getting behind in his work.
That toilet brush belongs in the bathroom, not in the kitchen.
They belong to the chess club.
The dogs belong to her.
Their price is below ours.
It's thirty degrees below zero.
The fuel level is below empty.
Tom is the best runner.
Tom is the best worker in our company.
She's got the best grades.
The traffic wasn't moving between Exits 22 and 23.
Tom is between twenty and thirty years old.
The kitten is between the puppies.
We pay our bills at the end of the month.
They've written a bill for health care.
I paid the bill.
Many people study biology in school.
Biology includes many life sciences.
What is your favorite bird?
How many kinds of birds are in your backyard?
The peacock's beautiful tail helps it attract females.
The bird's beautiful tail helps it attract females.
Mary's husband doesn't blame her for his problems.
Some people blame poverty for crime.
The children blamed each other.
If a cut is bleeding, put pressure on it.
The child's nose is bleeding.
A childhood illness left her blind.
My dog is blind, but he loves to go out for a walk.
Louis Braille, who was blind from the age of three, invented a way for the blind to read.
They blocked his proposal.
The construction blocked the entrance to the street.
The tree blocked the road.
The storm blew down a tree.
Tom blew out the candles on his birthday cake.
The girl is blowing bubbles.
Tom keeps his boat at the pier.
Boats were racing last night.
They take their boat out on weekends.
You may need to boil water.
Many foods can be boiled.
It takes about ten minutes to boil an egg.
You shouldn't feed chicken bones to dogs.
Tom broke some bones in his arm and hand.
There are many bones in your body.
The tourist bus crossed the border.
Put a blue border around this picture.
There is a border between America and Mexico.
They were born in Thailand.
Tom was born on May 5, 2010.
I'd like a bottle of soda.
We need a bottle of juice.
There is sand at the bottom of the ocean.
Mary was at the bottom of the class. Now she's at the top.
Mary's bikini bottom is black.
I can put things in a box.
Mary's boss gave her a box of candy for her birthday.
I'm moving, so I need boxes for my things.
Sixty-five countries boycotted the 1980 summer Olympics.
In 1880, the Irish boycotted a landowner, Captain C.C. Boycott, for failing to lower rents.
They will boycott that product.
Tom is the brains of our company.
The human brain weighs about three pounds.
Brave people feel fear, but that doesn't stop them.
Tom is a brave skydiver.
Someone broke the window.
The little boy accidentally broke the glass.
If you pull too hard, the chain will break.
People normally breathe 12 to 20 times a minute.
Dogs breathe approximately 30 times a minute.
To relax, breathe slowly.
The Golden Gate Bridge is in San Francisco.
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five miles long.
They had a brief date.
Tom gave a brief talk.
They took a brief vacation.
The teacher gave a brief explanation.
Do you have a bright light for reading?
They like to wear bright colors.
Tom is a bright student.
The balloons are bright.
Tom brought a flower and presents for his date.
Who are you bringing to the play?
Would you like us to bring anything to the dinner?
The dog can bring back a stick.
Television stations broadcast 24 hours a day.
Voice of America broadcasts from Washington.
The radio station broadcasts a very strong signal.
We need a budget for our family.
Do you have a budget?
They're having problems with their budget.
It is important to have a budget.
They built the first electric car.
It took 22 years to build the Taj Mahal.
It takes many people to build a building.
The hillside burned all night.
I burned my finger.
Tom burned his first dinner.
It will burn.
The light bulb burst.
Our water pipes burst.
The balloon will burst.
They buried her dead husband.
After the dog died, they buried him in the backyard.
She's burying her money in the sand.
They bought a car.
The family wants to buy a house.
Mary wants to buy a dress.
Hamlet is by William Shakespeare.
We need this report by tomorrow.
The dog is sitting by the bowl.
It was a very calm day in the stock market.
There was a calm wind yesterday.
Yoga helps her to be calm.
If the university doesn't have enough students, the administration will cancel the class.
The company cancelled the meeting.
The flights were cancelled.
Smoking is the major cause of lung cancer.
Tom's mother and sister had breast cancer.
She's beating cancer.
Be careful. That knife is sharp.
Tom isn't being careful.
Mary is being careful with her baby.
Small children like to be carried.
I don't like to carry a purse.
Most students carry backpacks to school.
They caught a lot of fish at the river.
Tom's mom caught the flu.
Tom caught the ball.
We don't know what causes cancer.
This disease causes blindness.
Who caused the accident?
Do they celebrate Mother's Day in your native country?
Mary celebrates New Year's Day with her family.
What are they doing to celebrate her birthday?
Who is the chairperson of the meeting?
The chairperson has asked for questions.
Everyone is listening to the chairperson.
He was an Olympic champion in weightlifting.
She's a soccer champion.
They're academic champions.
They want to change the law.
We changed the color of our house from tan to blue.
Nature is changing.
The police chased the stolen car.
The man chased the robber into the street.
The man is chasing the woman.
Their team cheated during the baseball game.
They cheated the workers out of money.
Why is he cheating on the test?
They cheered for their teammate.
In 1899, the first cheerleaders were male students.
They cheered for their sports teams.
Who are they cheering for?
I can't choose where to go on vacation.
Choose a food from each part of the menu.
Which cup will he choose?
He's a citizen of China.
Tom wants to become a citizen.
Tom is a citizen of the United States.
The fight for civil rights in the United States started in 1954, when the government said school had to be open to everyone.
Martin Luther King Jr. fought for civil rights for African-Americans by teaching nonviolence.
This product claims to help you lose weight.
Tom claimed that he came from a rich family.
The man claimed he didn't take the money.
They're cleaning the beach.
Tom just cleaned his room.
We need to clean the car.
Is my explanation clear?
Most cars have clear glass.
The fish is in clear water.
Seattle has a very wet climate.
What's your favorite climate?
The Earth's climate is fragile.
Did you climb trees when you were a child?
What's the tallest mountain you've climbed?
Tom loves to climb mountains.
We drove along the coast.
The homes on the coast are very expensive.
Malibu is on the coast of Southern California.
The software company collapsed during the recession.
Tom collapsed because of the heat.
The bank collapsed during the recession.
Tom collected old coins.
Tom collected coffee cups.
I love to collect stamps.
Tom went to college on the East Coast.
What's the most famous college in the world?
They graduated from college.
They combined their money to buy a present.
The wind and rain combined to make a terrible storm.
Combine all the parts to make one piece.
Good health is very important in their community.
It was a problem in their local community.
We live in a global community.
Don't compare me to a movie star.
Compare these two computers.
Tom competes in ski races.
Many students compete to get into the best universities.
Tom is competing against other swimmers.
Tom's explanation was too complex.
A computer's electronics are very complex.
Chemistry can be very complex.
I'm concerned about Tom.
Tom hasn't called.
They're concerned about the budget.
The doctor is concerned.
I'll do it, but there's one condition.
They are in great condition.
Is this your first conference in Paris?
They'll attend the national conference in Las Vegas.
They have their annual conference in May.
I'm calling to confirm your appointment.
Can you confirm that he was hired?
I'd like to confirm my hotel reservation on May 5th.
Tom's parents congratulated him on his engagement.
We congratulated him on his graduation.
We want to congratulate them on their good work.
I can't connect to the Internet.
After the accident, they connected him to a lot of machines.
Connect the two cables together.
I'll consider your suggestion.
They consider him their best employee.
She's considering changing her life.
They contacted their local politicians.
The box contains some old jewelry.
This cake contains flour, milk, eggs and sugar.
The boxes are gifts. What do they contain?
The employees need to cooperate to lower expenses.
Parents need to cooperate with each other.
People achieve more when they cooperate.
Could you please copy this report?
Copy this program on your computer.
The dancers copied each other.
Please correct my bill.
You charged me too much.
Can you correct this report before 5:00 p.m.?
Tom corrected all the errors. Now the report is perfect.
They covered the table with a cloth.
This bride is covering her face with a veil.
Cover the pot while you cook.
The motorcycle crashed into a car.
A plane crashed into a mountain.
The cars crashed into each other.
Their company created forty new jobs.
James Cameron created a new way to make movies.
The children are creating a painting.
The bank refused to give them more credit.
They don't want to use credit.
You can buy now and pay later with credit.
There was a financial crisis in 2009.
Their company survived the crisis.
The flood caused a crisis for their community.
A big crowd stood in the street.
A crowd of 500 filled the theater.
The crowd loved the concert.
The cake got crushed by the jar of juice.
Crush the can before you throw it away.
The drug culture has its own rules.
Dance is a beautiful part of every culture.
People dress colorfully in that culture.
Antibiotics are a cure for infection.
A treatment will cure the disease.
Many people believe acupuncture can cure diseases.
Tom found the report on a current website.
Do you use current technology?
It's a custom to celebrate Christmas.
It's a custom to have turkey at Thanksgiving.
Customs include food, celebrations and dancing.
There was damage to the computer.
How much damage is there to the car?
There was damage to the pipe.
Can you dance the two-step?
Mary has danced since she was five.
They like to dance.
There's a lot of danger during a big storm.
What city has the most danger?
Some people like danger.
This room is too dark.
Tom doesn't like dark colors in his home.
Mary has beautiful dark hair.
The sky was dark.
Do we have a deal?
We have great deals on furniture.
We're very happy about our deal.
They'll debate raising taxes.
Citizens are debating about health care at City Hall.
They're debating about raises.
The national debt is growing.
What should you do to decrease your debt?
How would you handle her debt?
They should decrease the sugar in these muffins.
We don't want them to decrease our paycheck.
Mary decreased her waist size by swimming every day.
How deep is the hole?
The writer is deep in thought.
How deep do you think the water is?
Mary will get her degree in June.
Tom is working toward a master's degree in engineering.
Tom will get a better job with a college degree.
There's a degree of stress in every job.
They have a degree of concern about their son's safety in the city.
Thirty-five degrees centigrade equals ninety-five degrees Fahrenheit.
To find degrees in centigrade, subtract 32 from the Fahrenheit temperature, then multiply by 5/9.
They delayed buying a new car.
She'll have to delay her education because she lost her job.
Tom's flight was delayed.
The police demanded that he go with them.
Mary demanded her money back.
Tom's boss demands a lot of work.
The crowd demonstrated in support of human rights.
The man denied that he took the money.
The girl denied saying bad things about her friend.
Tom's proposal was denied.
The Great Depression started in 1929 and ended in the 1930's.
She's in a depression.
Can you describe the man who took your wallet?
Tom would describe the house as small.
I'd describe him as a middle-aged man in a yellow jacket, orange tie and a pink shirt.
Who designed that museum?
Mary designs dresses.
Tom is designing his first building.
Tom has a desire to be wealthy.
Do you have a desire to change jobs?
Mary had a desire for what she saw online.
Tom destroyed his marriage by lying to his wife.
The car was destroyed in the accident.
An earthquake destroyed the building.
Give me the main points now.
You can give me the details later.
The details on the dress include a bright belt.
A butterfly's wing contains many details.
I don't like meat. I prefer a vegetarian diet.
Does your diet have too much fat?
Which diet is better?
Children love to dig in the sand.
In 1848, people came to California to dig for gold.
This machine can dig giant holes.
They have a big lunch and a small dinner.
The traditional American dinner includes meat, potatoes and a vegetable.
They're having a Mexican dinner on their date.
The policewoman directed traffic.
Can you direct me to the train station?
Their department needs some direction from the boss.
Tom can't do the report without more direction.
They need some direction.
I lost my sense of direction in the snowstorm.
Which direction will he choose?
My money seems to disappear by the end of the month.
The stain disappeared after we washed the shirt.
The earthquake in Haiti was a disaster.
The flood caused a disaster in their community.
If there are houses nearby, a volcano can create a disaster.
Tom discovered that Mary had dated his best friend.
There's a lot more to discover.
There's a lot to discuss today.
I'd like to discuss something with you.
They're discussing their next project.
Louis Pasteur discovered that germs cause most infectious diseases.
Breast cancer is a disease.
People wear masks to prevent getting a disease.
The professor dismissed his ideas.
We'll dismiss class early today.
Tom dismissed what Mary was saying.
There was a dispute about our bill.
The actor had a dispute with his director.
They're having a dispute about money.
The distance from my home to yours is two kilometers.
Because he doesn't want to marry her, she felt a distance between them.
Tom learned to dive when he was five.
It's dangerous to dive in shallow water.
Tom dove into the pool.
Let's divide the check between us.
The teacher wants us to divide the work on this project.
Tom divided the bread into two pieces.
In the United States, it takes a minimum of eight years of college to become a medical doctor.
Do you prefer a male or female doctor?
When you buy a house, read the documents carefully.
We have three documents in the file.
They need to discuss the document.
In 1881, Clara Barton donated her time to help people in need, starting the American Red Cross.
She's donating money for cancer research.
Tom wants to donate money.
We'll have to double our budget for next year.
The number of employees doubled in ten years.
Twins double the fun.
Mary had a dream that she won the lottery.
What's your dream for yourself in five years?
The little boy has a dream.
Tom drowned in the ocean.
You won't drown if you learn how to swim.
Someone needs to save him, or he'll drown.
The elderly man takes strong drugs for his heart.
What's the best drug for that cancer?
Doctors suggest drugs to fight diseases.
My throat is dry.
These clothes are finally dry.
Mary uses eyedrops for her dry eyes.
They talked during the movie.
They went skiing during their date.
Tom cried during his son's graduation.
There's dust on the table.
We need to dust the desk.
The horses make dust as they run.
We need to sweep up the dust.
It's too early to get up.
We had an early lunch.
The sun rises early in the morning.
We ate lunch early.
I want to leave early.
Tom is thinking about graduating early.
He's getting up early.
Does Tom earn enough money to live in the city?
Tom changed jobs to earn more money.
How much money do you want to earn?
Earth is the third planet from the sun.
The earth is where we all live.
Water covers about 70% of the earth.
We must take care of our planet, the earth.
In Haiti, there was a large earthquake.
They built a safe building for earthquakes.
Earthquakes destroy buildings.
Ecology is the study of living things all around us.
Ecology is very important to keep our world safe.
We stayed at an economy hotel.
Tom wanted an economy car.
Tom always flies economy class to save money.
Economy cars save you money.
That country's economy is growing.
Are you worried about fuel economy?
We are all part of the global economy.
How many years of education does someone need?
What's the most important part of a good education?
Tom's efforts were rewarded.
How much effort does it take to get your first job?
Being in good shape takes effort.
How do you like your eggs?
Mary needs a dozen eggs.
I'll have my eggs sunny side up.
They elected her to be the mayor.
Will they elect him for four more years?
They elect their representatives in a voting booth.
You elect your representative by voting.
The electricity went out, but it's back on now.
Utility companies supply electricity.
It takes a lot of electricity to power a country.
Our world runs on electricity.
Tom made an emergency stop on the road.
Tom got an emergency call and had to leave work.
They're taking Mary to the emergency room.
There was an emergency on the road.
Paramedics are trained to handle emergencies.
Do you share your emotions with other people?
Are you afraid of any emotions?
They felt many emotions on their wedding day.
Sometimes it's OK to show crazy emotion.
A small company employs 50 people.
They employ temporary workers.
Tom is employed as an animal trainer.
To be employed, you must fill out an application.
There's an empty bedroom in the house.
We keep the empty bags under the sink.
The theater is empty.
Empty the car so we can use it.
Tom had to empty his apartment in two days.
It is time to empty the garbage.
Tom enjoys reading novels.
They enjoy playing together.
Tom enjoys the fresh air.
They have enough money for their bills.
Do you have enough food?
Tom doesn't have enough friends.
The kids have had enough of your rules.
Did you enter the singing contest?
Enter the information into the computer.
The swimmers are entering the water.
Tom decided to enter the room.
Tom's work environment was good.
This is a good learning environment.
What do you love about the environment?
They have old construction equipment.
They need help to understand their office equipment.
Doctors use medical equipment.
Two criminals escaped from prison.
They wanted to escape on vacation.
The dog is trying to escape.
The fish wants to escape.
You can't establish a company without people.
Disneyland was established in 1955.
To be successful, you have to establish a good plan.
Can you estimate how late the train will be?
I estimate that we'll need two days to finish the work.
Tom is estimating how much money he'll need to finish the house.
What's your favorite ethnic food?
Do you know an ethnic dance?
What are some similarities among ethnic groups?
Evaporation from oceans, lakes, and rivers creates 90% of the water in air.
The rain water is evaporating on a hot day.
Water will evaporate after it is boiled.
They're going to a charity event.
Tom loves sports events.
The wedding is going to be quite an event.
There's no evidence this disease is caused by diet.
The police found evidence that the man committed the crime.
Tom's fingerprint was evidence that he was there.
The criminal did evil things as a child.
Stephen King writes about evil people.
Tom has a good side and an evil side.
The bank needs a check for the exact amount.
Can you give an exact report of what happened?
They have the exact same face.
The measurement has to be exact.
Examine the car before you drive it.
How long does it take for a veterinarian to examine a horse?
The doctor examined the baby.
Every house on our street was blue except ours.
Tom likes all vegetables except cabbage.
Everyone looks the same, except the one standing on his head.
We'd like to exchange this jacket. It doesn't fit.
Business people exchange cards at the beginning or end of a meeting.
The U.S. Department of Health says people should exercise at least two and a half hours a week.
How do you find the time to exercise?
Do you like to exercise alone or with a class?
The workers are expanding the road.
The film expands on the idea of the importance of family.
With work, we can expand our markets.
The police expect people to follow the law.
They're both expecting babies.
After his argument, they expelled him from the club.
Tom was expelled from school for fighting.
The penguin was expelled from the group.
Tom has a lot of experience in computers.
Tom doesn't have enough experience to operate a train.
What job experience do you have?
Tom experienced a pain in his leg.
They're experiencing white water rafting on a class five river.
They did an experiment to see if the drug improved memory.
The scientists worked on their experiment.
They asked a medical expert to do more research.
We need an expert in green technology.
A doctor is an expert in medicine.
We need to explore all possible cures for cancer.
In 1497, John Cabot explored Canada.
Have you thought about exploring outer space?
The top U.S. export to China was soybeans.
Semiconductors were the top United States export to South Korea.
Jeans are a popular clothing export.
The U.S. exports billions of dollars' worth of passenger airplanes.
What would you like to export?
Online, businesses can export all over the world.
Mary expressed her happiness when her daughter graduated.
Holding hands can express love between two people.
They're expressing their love by hugging.
The city wants to extend the road.
Can we extend the deadline by two weeks?
A giraffe extends its neck to get food.
They have an extra bed.
There's an extra charge at the hotel for Internet access.
Where do you put your extra change?
Tom got extraordinary grades.
They had an extraordinary relationship.
Tom is an athlete with extraordinary strength.
Tom is an athlete with extraordinary speed.
Tom likes the extreme cold of Alaska.
They're having extreme money problems.
Tom's job creates extreme stress.
Base jumping is an extreme sport.
Those twin brothers have similar faces.
You have some spaghetti sauce on your face.
The baby has a cute face.
The largest bedroom faces south.
We have to face the fact that the company is losing money.
Tom is facing a challenge.
The tire factory employs 250 people.
There are many factories in this part of the city.
Tom is making spare parts in a car factory.
A modern factory is totally automated.
Tom passed one test, but failed the other.
This new technology cannot fail, can it?
Will he succeed or fail?
Sometimes, you must fail before you succeed.
Children get upset when things are not fair.
It's fair if they get equal pay for the same job.
It is fair to say that both balls are of equal weight.
Elvis Presley is one of the most famous singers.
Donald Trump is a famous business person.
The famous building, the Taj Mahal, is in India.
Would you like to be famous?
Who has more fans, Celine Dion or Mariah Carey?
Tom is a fan of simple home design.
Tom's favorite singer is always changing.
What's your favorite movie?
Tom is eating his favorite ice cream.
They want to build a fence around their home.
How high should a home fence be?
Mary loves her bamboo fence.
Tom's field of study is law.
A green field is a beautiful field.
This is a beautiful field of lavender in France.
Tom is taking his final exam.
What were her final words?
They are in the final part of the race.
The final piece was placed in the puzzle.
They are facing financial problems.
What do you do when you have a financial disagreement in your family?
Financial decisions are very important.
Did you find your keys?
They need to find an apartment in the city.
They found each other.
Tom was lucky to find his keys.
How much is the fine for speeding?
Tom had to pay a fine because he parked in the wrong place.
Mary could not finish her dinner.
When will you finish your work?
Tom finished the race.
That desk does not fit in this room.
These shoes fit perfectly.
Their jeans do not fit.
How much will it cost to fix the car?
Can you fix our sink?
Tom can fix the heater.
I love to float on the water.
The balloon floated down the street.
An astronaut can float in space.
My favorite floor is hard wood.
Marble floors are beautiful.
A wood floor is beautiful.
How many fluids are used in a car?
Some fluid is leaking into our office.
We should drink 64 ounces of fluids a day.
Water, in its natural state, is a fluid.
Do you fly frequently?
Birds often fly together.
This airplane from the 1940's still flies.
Mary followed her friend to the hotel because she did not know the area.
Mary's dog follows her everywhere.
People will follow a good leader.
Is it hard to fool you?
Mary invested in the stock because the financial advisor fooled her.
Sometimes, pictures can fool people.
There is a letter for you.
We were on the train for ten hours.
They work for a packaging company.
The road is straight for over ten miles.
Tom speaks two foreign languages.
We're going to see a foreign film tonight.
Foreign countries have beautiful architecture.
Forests cover around 9.4% of the earth's surface.
Forests regulate the water cycle and take away harmful carbon dioxide.
Brazil has one-third of the world's rain forests.
Tom wants to forgive his father for abandoning him.
Is it harder to forgive or to forget?
Will she forgive him for forgetting her birthday?
Our former home was in Sweden.
Tom saw his former employer at a conference.
The Coliseum was the former arena in ancient Rome.
Tom won a free car.
In 1975, Angola became a free nation.
Women in that country are fighting for their freedom.
Is freedom a place or an idea?
Freedom is the center of American democracy.
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius.
Should you always freeze fresh meat?
When water freezes it becomes ice.
Where can you get the best fresh bread?
Fresh food is wonderful.
Fresh fruits and vegetables are good for your health.
They became friends in elementary school.
We spent the weekend with friends.
Friends do things together.
Severe weather frightens people.
Marriage frightens some people.
Scary movies will frighten the children.
Is love frightening to anyone you know?
Is bungee jumping frightening or fun?
This movie is frightening to the children.
They're suffering from malaria.
The school is five kilometers from my home.
Mary is going to open a gift from her boyfriend.
I like to sit in the front of the bus.
Put the chair in front of the desk.
They wanted a wedding picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Food is fuel for our bodies.
Coal and natural gas are natural fuels.
The bus is full. You'll have to wait for the next one.
The fuel tank in the car is full.
The streets in Tokyo are full on Saturdays.
We had fun at Disneyland.
Did you have fun over the weekend?
Spending time with friends on the beach is fun.
Tom's funeral will be this weekend.
Tom's family showed a video of his life at his funeral.
The funeral was yesterday.
Jazz fusion is a combination of rock and jazz.
Everyone coming together is an example of fusion.
You gain more than you spend when you go to college.
The company gained more customers.
Tom has gained weight.
Monopoly is a popular game for families to play.
What's your favorite game to play with friends?
Cricket is a game that takes skill.
I smell gas.
The lawn mower needs gas to operate.
Tom puts gas in his car twice a week.
Can you gather all of the papers together?
They gathered at the coffee shop for a meeting.
Everyone gathered together for the picture.
If you could choose the genes for your children, would you?
Some diseases are caused by a defective gene.
Genes consist of a specific sequence of DNA.
Tom gave them a general idea of what he wanted.
There's a general sense that something should be done about unemployment.
A father and son represent two generations.
Many people in my grandfather's generation grew up on farms.
Three generations see things three ways.
Through genetic engineering, corn can produce its own pesticides.
Should we use genetic engineering on people?
Does genetic engineering improve nature?
Tom is a very gentle person.
Basset hounds are gentle dogs.
Mary is very gentle with her baby sister.
Mary received many gifts for her birthday.
The invitation said, "No gifts, please."
Mariah Carey's greatest gift is her voice.
I broke a glass when I did the dishes.
Beautiful stained glass is art.
Tom's goal is to own a home before he's thirty.
They made the goal.
Many people feel that gold is the most secure investment.
Is that ring made of real gold?
What do people do with old gold?
The company manufactures a variety of paper goods.
Different countries import many goods.
The leader governed his country for more than 50 years.
The president governs for four years.
The government lowered taxes for lower-income families.
Many people do not trust the government.
The United States government operates in Washington D.C.
Tom prefers whole-grain cereals.
They export grain to many countries.
The wood grain in Brazilian rosewood is beautiful.
An estimated 20% of the water used by homeowners in cities is used for their grass.
A field of grass can be quite beautiful.
This is a matter of the utmost gravity.
Gravity stresses the human body.
Gravity brings everything down to Earth.
Oprah Winfrey has great influence over her fans.
It's a great pleasure to be here.
A great crowd waited for the president to speak.
The butcher ground the meat.
I grind my own coffee beans every morning.
Do you know how to grind beef?
You're covering the same ground. We already talked about this.
You can dig dirt from the ground.
Tom belongs to two professional groups.
Work on the assignment in small groups.
They're in a singing group.
The number of members will grow quickly.
Plants don't grow in this soil.
Their sales are growing.
There's no guarantee that the stock will go up.
Their company guarantee is for thirty days.
Tom has been a prison guard for ten years.
Some companies have guards at the front desk instead of receptionists.
Tom is a security guard at the airport.
We hired a guide for our white-water rafting trip.
The tour guide can speak three languages.
The guide sat at the front right of the raft.
Tom was guilty of taking the money.
Mary felt guilty about yelling at her daughter.
The dog felt guilty about eating the homework.
Do you like facial hair on men?
What's your favorite color of hair?
Is her hair naturally red?
I'd like to buy half a cake.
Their financial problems began in the second half of the year.
Can we drive to Miami on half a tank of gas?
Do you hang pictures on your walls?
Tom hangs his clothes, then arranges them by color.
I'll be happy to work with you.
She's going swimming and she's happy.
They are all very happy.
Foreign languages can be hard to learn.
The bread is old and hard.
Moving a huge boulder is going to be very hard.
Doctors take an oath not to harm anyone.
We want to harm the environment less.
Unusually warm weather caused problems for the apple harvest.
They're hoping the wheat harvest will be good this year.
Tom hates raw onions.
What do you love? What do you hate?
Tom hates getting up early in the morning.
Tom hates the rules.
Napoleon's headquarters were in an unused windmill.
Flags of the world fly proudly at the United Nations headquarters.
It takes time to heal from a divorce.
Tom's leg is healing.
Tom's broken arm took several weeks to heal.
About 65% of American adults are overweight, which isn't good for their health.
Health and vitality are important for long life.
Exercise improves health.
The heat turns off automatically when the room reaches a certain temperature.
A grill puts out a lot of heat.
At what heat should I cook this?
They've had heavy rains for over a week.
Tom has a heavy workload.
Tom can lift heavy weights.
News stations use helicopters to report on traffic.
Have you ever been on a helicopter?
Medical helicopters take very sick people to hospitals.
Clark Kent is the hero of the Superman stories.
Every little boy needs a hero.
The clouds hid the sun for a while.
Tom hid his worries from his wife.
Why is he hiding under the table?
Some people dream of having a house on a hill.
It's good exercise to climb hills.
This hill of termites is located in Tanzania.
Tom raises Arabian horses.
They have five different kinds of horses on their farm.
Mary loves to ride her horse.
They took him to the hospital for his fever.
The city of Boston has one of the best children's hospitals in the United States.
Most people don't like hospitals.
In winter, the roads are covered with ice.
I don't like to drink water with ice.
The ice in the Arctic Sea is disappearing.
This is an ice cube.
Can you identify which coat is yours?
I used my driver's license to identify myself.
The witness identified the thief in the police lineup.
The busy woman ignored the ringing telephone.
My cat ignores me, except when she's hungry.
It hurts when the other kids ignore you.
Mary often imagines her wedding.
Have you ever imagined that you could fly?
The girl imagines that she is a doctor.
Japan has to import oil.
Russia imported wheat from the United States.
These days, most clothing is imported from China.
Tom is working hard to improve his English.
I'd like to find a way to improve my memory.
Mary needs to improve her grades.
Tom really wants to improve.
The shopping list included a gallon of milk.
The young couple included their parents among their Thanksgiving guests.
Tom's lunch includes a sandwich and an apple.
I want to increase my vocabulary.
The city increased the number of traffic signals at major intersections.
The company's profits have been increasing.
My son has always been very independent.
How long has your country been independent?
My grandma is a very independent person.
Tom has a good job in the computer industry.
The German auto industry produces excellent cars.
Tom works in the film industry.
I injured myself with a sharp knife.
Tom was injured in a car accident.
Mary injured her foot in a soccer game.
The teenager insisted she was innocent of cheating.
Mary is young, but she is not innocent.
The lawyer will try to show that her client is innocent.
I hate insects of all kinds.
We hired a company to get rid of the insects under our house.
Our picnic was ruined by insects.
Once a week, the mother inspects her son's room.
The general inspected the troops.
A serviceman inspected our furnace.
The child was exceptionally intelligent.
Mary is more intelligent than her sister.
Dolphins are very intelligent animals.
The United Nations sent troops to intervene in the conflict.
The hockey referee intervened to stop the fight.
Tom intervened in his coworkers' disagreement.
Dynamite was invented by Alfred Nobel in 1857.
Paper was first invented in China.
Leonardo da Vinci invented a human-powered glider.
We invited our new neighbors over for a drink.
My boss has never invited me to her house.
My cousin invited me to her wedding.
Iron is used in building ships.
The old iron pipe was full of rust.
Our fence is made of iron.
They live on a small island off the coast of Greece.
I want to take a vacation on a tropical island.
This is an island in the Caribbean Sea.
Tom's father is in jail.
I have never been inside a jail.
The drunk driver had to spend the night in jail.
Mary keeps her jewels locked up in the bank.
I don't own any real jewels.
On special occasions, some people wear jewels.
Mary has been looking for a job since she graduated.
Tom has had eight jobs in ten years.
Are you looking for a job?
Everyone in the church joined hands.
Tom joined his school's drama club.
Tom joined the Marine Corps.
A link can join two pieces of chain together.
They made a joint decision to divorce.
The project was a joint effort by students from three different classes.
They agreed to form a joint partnership.
The knee is the body's largest joint.
In cold weather, her joints become swollen.
Arthritis is a painful condition that affects the joints.
I love jokes about animals.
We spent the evening laughing and telling jokes.
Everyone laughed at the speaker's joke.
You're joking, aren't you?
The teacher joked that she was 90 years old.
My brothers are always joking around.
Many people disagreed with the judge's decision.
Tom was a judge in an art contest.
When the judge speaks, everyone in the courtroom listens.
I try not to judge my friends' decisions.
Three people judged the art contest.
Mary gets mad when she thinks her parents are judging her.
The dog jumped up and caught the ball.
Most children like to jump rope.
The pole vaulter jumped more than seven feet.
Juries usually have 12 members.
I serve on a jury about once a year.
The members of the jury listened carefully to the attorney.
The anti-smoking law is just, in my opinion.
The criticism of the actor's performance was just.
The student felt that her low grade was not just.
Can you help me for just a minute?
Tom just left.
The plane has just taken off.
Martin Luther King spent his life seeking justice.
Tom G. Roberts is the Chief Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court.
Justice is found in a courtroom.
Mary decided not to keep the dress she had bought.
I kept the $20 I found in the street.
Mary keeps her laptop with her at all times.
The children kicked the dry leaves into the air.
I accidentally kicked a large rock and broke my toe.
The soccer player kicked the ball.
Extremists kidnapped the president's wife.
Each year many children are kidnapped by members of their own families.
The journalist was kidnapped by terrorists.
My neighbor's son was killed by a drunk driver.
My cat killed a squirrel.
The crazy gunman threatened to kill me.
Mary taught her children to be kind to animals.
Tom's friends were very kind when he lost his job.
My grandmother's nurse is very kind.
I like all kinds of music.
What kind of dog is that?
What kind of ice cream do you like?
The friends kissed each other on the cheek.
The gentleman kissed the lady's hand.
Tom kisses his child a hundred times a day.
Could you please bring me a clean knife?
I accidentally threw an expensive knife into the trash.
I have a sharp knife.
I don't know Russian.
Tom doesn't know his neighbors.
Tom knows many things.
I have no knowledge about their plans.
Tom needs to gain more knowledge.
Professor Johnson has a lot of knowledge about mathematics.
Industrial countries require a lot of skilled labor.
Carpentry and bricklaying are examples of manual labor.
Plumbers are well paid for their labor.
Tom lacks motivation to finish the job.
The kitchen lacks a dishwasher.
We rented a cabin by a lake.
Lake Baikal in Russia is the deepest lake in the world.
The lake is surrounded by mountains.
The bread landed on the floor upside down.
A large bird landed on the window sill.
The airplane landed safely on the runway.
Plastic in landfills lasts for hundreds of years.
After the fire, the smell of smoke in the air lasted for days.
The telephone call lasted six hours.
The team captain led the players onto the field.
The teacher led the class in singing a song.
The group hired a guide to lead the hike.
We don't know why he had to leave.
Tom will have to leave the building.
Tom left the building at about 6 p.m.
It's legal for citizens to carry guns in many states.
In many places it isn't legal to walk a dog on the beach.
The legal system in America is the world's finest.
A Ford car costs less than a Mercedes Benz.
Mary eats less than her sister does.
The smaller basket holds less than the large one.
Mary does not let her sister borrow her clothes.
My boss would not let me leave work early.
Dad, will you please let me borrow the car?
Before retiring from her company, Anna reached the level of vice president.
The flood water reached the level of the windows.
I rode the elevator to the third level.
Tom lied about taking the money.
Tom loves to lie in the grass on a sunny day.
My grandfather's life was long and happy.
My dog has a wonderful life.
Coral reefs attract a variety of beautiful marine life.
Mary has a bad back. It's hard for her to lift things.
We hired a crane to lift the new air conditioner and place it on the roof.
Can you help me lift this?
Have you got a light?
Mary is sensitive to light, so she wears sunglasses.
A light bulb gives light.
Tom has been struck by lightning three times.
The lightning lit up the sky.
The thunderstorm produced a lot of lightning.
Children need limits in order to feel secure.
There is a limit to how much time I can spend working on the computer.
It's dangerous to drive faster than the speed limit.
Tom drew a straight line on the paper.
Tom stood in line for an hour.
The visitors waited in a long line to get into the museum.
The events were closely linked.
My name links me with my ancestors.
A chain is made up of many links.
The medicine was a brown liquid.
When you have a cold, you should drink plenty of liquids.
I prefer soap as a liquid rather than a bar.
Please list your previous jobs on the application.
The nurse told me to list all the medications I was taking.
I always list what I need before I go shopping.
Tom majored in literature at the university.
Tom is a professor of Chinese literature.
Tom likes reading English literature.
They lived in Spain for several years.
Tom's dream is to live in the mountains.
Cacti are plants that live in dry places.
They live near the beach.
Tom took out a loan in order to buy a car.
Mary asked her family for a loan.
A mortgage is a kind of loan that people can use to buy a house.
Tom has breakfast at the local coffee shop every day.
This pottery is made by a local artist.
Open-air markets sell food grown on local farms.
Although he has many friends, he is lonely.
Working from home via computer can be lonely.
Mary was lonely because the other students didn't talk to her.
Mary lost her reading glasses.
My dad loses his keys at least once a week.
Someone lost a wallet.
Young children can be very loud.
The teacher has a loud, clear voice.
The loud drill gave her husband a headache.
Tom made sure his message was loud.
The chair is too low for me.
The books are on a low shelf.
You are running low on fuel.
Mr. Johnson's workers are loyal to him.
Tom is a loyal citizen of his country.
Mary is loyal to her country.
A car, an airplane, and a computer are all machines.
My mother gave me her sewing machine.
The factory uses many complicated machines.
A magnet can pick up and hold many nails at a time.
The students used a magnet in science class.
This is a horseshoe magnet.
The thunderstorm yesterday delayed the delivery of the mail.
A book came for you in the mail today.
There is a big stack of mail on the table.
The main idea of the plot is not clear.
The country's main social problem is poverty.
This is the main gate to their house.
Mary will make a good nurse.
They are making a salad.
This factory manufactures electric stoves.
The dishes were manufactured in Taiwan.
Robots are used to manufacture cars.
I have to delete many files from my computer.
How many gifts do you think she received last holiday season?
A world map shows all the countries.
Can you draw me a map of your street?
Let's find Highway 483 on this map.
They marched in support of the government.
The soldiers march in camouflaged uniforms.
The market opens at 9:00 a.m.
The stock market fell yesterday.
Fresh produce is sold at an open-air market.
Mary will buy satin material for her new drapes.
The chairs are made of a synthetic material.
Building materials can include tiles, carpet, blinds and tools.
Mathematics was his weakest subject in school.
Mathematics is important in daily life.
Addition and subtraction are functions of mathematics.
Doctors recommend eating three meals a day.
It's not healthy to skip meals.
Pizza is the kid's favorite meal.
I meant to thank you for your help.
Let's measure how tall you are.
Mary measured out two cups of rice for the recipe.
The carpenter is measuring the floor.
Do you eat meat or are you a vegetarian?
They eat meat once a week.
The butcher shop sells assorted cuts of meat.
Do you feel that the media presents the news fairly?
Electronic news media is our primary source of information.
"You have to take all this medicine to get better," said the nurse.
The doctor prescribed some medicine for her cold.
The job applicant did not meet the expectations of the employer.
"Nice to meet you," said the businessman.
The sun came out and the ice melted.
The pain melted away as the ointment was rubbed into his foot.
These ice cubes will melt soon.
The office held a memorial for him.
The Vietnam Veterans Memorial honors U.S. service members who fought in the Vietnam War.
I just received a message that the meeting has been canceled.
Tom sent me a funny text message.
You have an e-mail message in your inbox.
What method do you use to organize your files?
Their research used a survey method.
Kangaroos have a strange method of carrying their young.
I was in the middle of my dinner when the phone rang.
Tom stood in the middle of the room.
There is a white line in the middle of the road.
The Mahdi Army is a private militia in Iraq.
The militia was formed to defend citizens in an emergency.
Tom made up his mind to go to law school.
Mary reads to improve her mind.
Tom can't make up his mind.
Mary told the child to mind his father.
While driving, mind the potholes.
Some salt comes from mines, some from water.
Many workers were trapped in the coal mine.
A mine is where you find precious minerals.
Some minerals are important for human health.
Tom takes a pill with vitamins and minerals every day.
Berries are high in minerals such as potassium.
This is a minor issue compared to our big national problems.
Some couples argue over minor issues.
Do not make a major problem out of a minor one.
In America, you are a minor if you are under 18 years old.
It is illegal to sell cigarettes to a minor.
A minor is dependent on his parents.
An hour has sixty minutes, and a minute has sixty seconds.
Could you please wait a minute?
The time is nine minutes after ten.
Tom missed the opportunity for a promotion.
Every time I practice shooting, I miss the target.
Tom just missed the train.
Mary made a number of mistakes on her test.
Smart people learn from their mistakes.
Tom seems to have made a big mistake.
If you mix blue and red, the result is purple.
Mary mixed the ingredients to make a cake.
You can mix different foods in a blender.
After a while, the protesting mob became disorderly.
The police could not control the mob.
The angry mob attacked the building.
They renovated their grandmother's house and brought in modern furniture.
Each molecule in our body has a unique shape.
A molecule is made up of atoms.
The company raised money for new computers.
I am happy to spend money on books.
Do you think money will buy her happiness?
It took them a month to move to their new office.
Once a month, she has lunch with her father.
January is the first month of the calendar.
Would you like some more cookies?
We have had more rain this year than last year.
Greedy people always want more stuff.
Some people do not like to wake up early in the morning.
Their party won the most votes in the election.
Mary has the most clothes of all her friends.
China has the most people of any country in the world.
The bus was already in motion when he tried to board it.
Mary made a slight motion with her head.
Our planet, Earth, is always in motion.
Tom's family vacations in the mountains every summer.
We could not see the top of the mountain.
The hiker has reached the top of the mountain.
The family mourned the tragic death of their young child.
The nation mourned the death of the king.
The man is mourning after receiving sad news.
Several American presidents were murdered.
Every religion prohibits murder.
Who committed this murder?
Music is considered food for the soul.
Tom loves listening to classical music.
Tom loves studying music.
I must have a cup of coffee in the morning.
Town criers used to tell people what they must do, according to the king's orders.
You must go outside if you want to smoke.
The family loves to watch murder mysteries together.
The mystery of her death was never solved.
What is Mr. Johnson's first name?
Their family name is written on their mailbox.
You can put your name on a name tag.
Mary named the baby after her grandmother.
Tom named his dog Rex.
Tom was named the head of the organization after the director retired.
The nation recently declared its independence.
Our nation is very fond of baseball.
Mexico is a nation that borders the United States.
In many places, nature is threatened by human activity.
Ancient people lived close to nature.
In these mountains, nature is at its best.
The navy defends our seacoast.
Tom joined the navy after finishing college.
Officers of the navy wear white uniforms.
Mexico is a neighbor of the United States.
Our neighbors often play loud music at night.
Some neighbors are very noisy.
Tom had the nerve to yell at the judge.
This idea is totally new to me.
The teenager is showing off his new car.
It's time for the news on Channel 79.
News of the recent blast is all over the radio.
News can be accessed on your computer.
It is expected to rain all night tonight.
Are they arriving at ten o'clock in the morning or at night?
Most people enjoy starry, peaceful nights.
There's a lot of noise in a typical city.
The children will wake up if you make noise.
Oh, please, stop that noise!
Will it start snowing at noon or later?
The flight is expected to arrive at noon.
I was born in the north, but now I live in Florida.
There's a cold wind from the north.
The compass points to the north.
Tom is not fond of pets.
You are not allowed to turn left on this street.
I will send your teacher a note to excuse your absence.
The mailman left a note on our door.
Send them a thank-you note for their hospitality.
Tom noted in his report that the stock market was a factor in the company's failure.
The audience members noted that the speaker looked tired.
They are expected any minute now.
The book is now ready for publication.
If not now, when do you plan to start the project?
The world is worried about the nuclear capabilities of Iran and North Korea.
Nuclear energy is produced by splitting atoms or by bringing them together.
I don't know her telephone number.
The number of stars in the sky is infinite.
Can you add these numbers?
Nutrition is inadequate in some poor areas.
There isn't much nutrition in potato chips.
Information about nutrition is available on most packaged foods.
Soldiers must obey their commanders.
The student refused to obey his teacher.
Police dogs are trained to obey without hesitation.
The house was full of colorful art objects.
Have you ever seen an unidentified flying object?
What is this object used for?
I objected when the waiter tried to remove my plate.
Everyone voted yes. No one objected.
They objected to the new rules.
Tom likes to observe the people walking by.
The students observed as the teacher demonstrated the science experiment.
Tom likes to observe birds.
All the apartments are occupied.
An architect occupies that office.
The soldiers occupied the building.
Large areas of the ocean are polluted.
Tom sailed across the ocean in five days.
My house is by the ocean.
The speaker's comments were highly offensive.
Your attitude towards women is offensive.
The smell was offensive.
Several soldiers were injured in the offensive.
The plans for the offensive were secret.
The police conducted an offensive against some drug dealers.
Tom made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
Their offer to buy the house was rejected.
I appreciated my neighbor's generous offer.
The child offered a flower to the visitor.
Our host offered us a drink.
Mary offered to let Tom use her car.
Mary offered Tom a gift.
The new governor has never held office before.
Tom wishes he had a larger office.
The club elected a new group of officers.
A general is a high-ranking military officer.
What are his official job duties?
The soldier received official permission to leave.
In some states, judges are elected officials.
Many high-level officials attended the meeting.
A government official answered the reporters' questions.
I've been in New York once.
The hotel was once a restaurant.
Tom was open about his problems.
The boss is an open person.
Come in, the door's open.
The chairman opened the meeting.
Tom opened the door and the dog ran out.
It was warm, so I opened the window.
The doctor operates two days a week.
Tom can operate a forklift.
I would like to hear your opinion.
What's your opinion of Japanese food?
That's an ugly building, in my opinion.
You should express your opinion.
Mary opposed her son's decision to get married.
Several workers opposed the manager's suggestion.
They oppose the plan to raise taxes.
North is the opposite direction from south.
My opinion is exactly the opposite of yours.
They went in opposite directions.
Many moons orbit around Saturn.
It takes 165 years for Neptune to orbit around the sun.
Many satellites orbit the earth.
Soldiers must follow orders.
The library books were out of order.
The files are in proper order.
The police ordered the suspect to drop his gun.
Tom ordered the dog to sit.
The sergeant ordered the private to do push ups.
The cancer had spread to several organs.
Have you ever thought about donating your organs after you die?
Nutritious food helps support healthy organs.
Which organism causes malaria?
Millions of beneficial organisms live in the human digestive tract.
Bacteria are microscopic organisms.
The speaker organized his lecture notes.
Tom organized his CDs by artist.
Mary needs to organize her room.
They crossed over the bridge.
Mary hung her grandfather's picture over the fireplace.
The runner jumped over the hole in the ground.
I never want to owe money to anyone.
Tom owes the government a lot of money in taxes.
They owe a huge amount of money on their house.
I don't own any expensive jewelry.
Tom owns two houses and a boat.
Tom owns a yellow sports car.
The injury caused the athlete great pain.
I have a pain in my foot.
Tom was complaining of back pain.
Mary wants to paint her car bright blue.
I love to paint with watercolors.
It took three days to paint the whole house.
The parade included six marching bands.
My neighborhood has a parade on the 4th of July.
Would you like to attend the Mardi Gras parade in New Orleans?
I pardoned my friend for his poor manners.
The prisoner was pardoned by the governor.
Tom asked his girlfriend to pardon him for forgetting her birthday.
My parents picked me up from school.
Tom will move out of his parents' house.
Which parent does the child resemble?
Parliament approved the new law last week.
Two members of the parliament were removed from office.
We took a tour of the British Parliament.
Tom is my business partner.
The police officer's partner was shot.
They've been dance partners for more than 60 years.
We walked down a narrow and winding path.
A bike path goes right past my house.
Where do you think the path leads?
The doctor checked the patient's pulse.
The patient received two doses of medicine.
Tom prefers patients who can't talk.
The patient was well cared for by the doctor.
The student received a perfect score on the exam.
It was a perfect day for the beach.
The cut of the diamond is perfect.
The theater group performed the new play.
I do not like to perform in front of others.
Tom performs in a jazz club three nights a week.
Tom's school day is divided into six periods.
What period is this painting from?
For a short period of time, wide neckties were in style.
The banker's pay cut was temporary, not permanent.
Healthy adult teeth should be permanent.
The wine left a permanent stain on the carpet.
You are not permitted to touch the art.
The child was permitted two pieces of candy.
I persuaded my mother to lend me her car.
Tom persuaded the store manager to give him back his money.
Sometimes it's hard to persuade children to eat.
The doctor ordered a full physical examination for the patient.
The boy's problems are physical, not mental.
Physical fitness requires time and dedication.
Would you like a piece of bread with your meal?
I found the missing piece of your necklace.
They each have a piece of the puzzle.
We have no hot water because the pipes broke.
The bathroom pipes are clogged with sewage.
Water was coming out of the damaged pipe.
Please place your coat on the chair.
I placed the medicine out of the children's reach.
Mary placed her baby in a car seat for the flight.
Earth is a planet.
We all live on planet Earth.
Lavender is my favorite plant.
Are you allergic to any plants?
The forest contains many different plants.
My neighbor is planting new grass in his yard.
If you plant an apple seed, it might grow into a tree.
I am planting beans in my garden.
The waiter did his best to please the customers.
I was not pleased by your rude behavior.
The doctor was pleased with the baby's good health.
I have written many plays, but never a poem.
A haiku is one type of poem.
Shakespeare wrote many beautiful love poems.
The burglar pointed his gun at the victim.
Can you point me in the right direction?
My mother taught me that it's not polite to point.
A rattlesnake's bite is filled with poison.
Many household cleaners contain poison.
Poison can kill you.
The oil spill polluted the bay.
Sewage often pollutes the ocean.
Exhaust from factories pollutes the air.
What is the student population at your college?
The population is growing.
The world's population recently passed 7 billion.
Do you think it should be legal for citizens to possess a gun?
Someday, I would like to possess a sailboat.
How many books do you possess?
I postponed my date because I had to work late.
Our professor postponed the exam until next week.
Tom's flight was postponed for three hours.
The runners poured water over their heads.
I poured more sauce on my pasta.
Can you please pour me some more wine?
My neighborhood is threatened by poverty.
Tom grew up in poverty.
Millions of people were living in poverty after the earthquake.
All the critics praised the new movie.
My boss praised me for my hard work.
Mary's colleagues praised her for winning a new account.
It's impossible to predict earthquakes.
Which team do you predict will win the game?
Some people say they can predict the future.
Tom's wife is pregnant with their second child.
Mary is 36 weeks pregnant.
I discussed baby names with my pregnant sister.
The water pressure caused the pipe to burst.
Put pressure on the wound to stop the bleeding.
The pipe burst due to great pressure.
I stretch before exercising to prevent injury.
Eating healthfully can help prevent heart disease.
Vaccinations help prevent childhood diseases.
I hired a private tutor to help me with math homework.
My rich neighbors belong to a private golf club.
Do you promise to keep my secrets private?
I have never won any kind of prize.
Mary has received several prizes for her poetry.
Tom won a prize in the spelling competition.
That company produces microchips.
The painter produces many fine works of art.
The factory produces thousands of bottles every month.
You are not allowed here. This is private property.
How much property does the landlord own?
Many new properties are being built in the suburbs.
The mother cat protected her kittens.
The policeman protected the witness.
My umbrella protects me from the rain.
The students protested against the unfair exam.
The child protested against having to swallow the medicine.
The striking workers protested their pay cut.
Can you prove that what you said is true?
I don't know how to prove this math equation.
The lawyer's job is to prove that her client is innocent.
The plumber pumped the water out of the pipe.
In swimming pools, water is continuously pumped through a filter.
I pumped five gallons of gas into my car.
Mary punished her daughter for lying.
What's the best way to punish a dog?
Jail is where criminals go to be punished.
I need to purchase health insurance.
The couple wants to purchase a home.
After months of looking, Mary purchased a new dress.
This apple juice is 100% pure.
Please make sure the drinking water is pure.
Mary's wedding ring is made of pure gold.
The water is pure.
The purpose of a roundabout is to slow down traffic.
Tom's purpose in college is to get a degree.
Everybody should have a purpose.
No one had any questions about the plan.
The man raised his hand to ask a question.
Mary was thinking about her question.
Mail service in that country is not quick.
All the workers ate a quick lunch at their desks.
Aspirin can provide quick relief for a headache.
When I'm home alone, the house is too quiet.
Do you have a quiet place where you can do your homework?
Tom likes to spend quiet time alone every day.
Many railroads have been replaced by highways.
Which railroad do you prefer to travel on?
In the United States, most goods still travel by railroad.
Mary raised the mattress in order to change the sheets.
A crane raises heavy construction materials.
I collect rare coins.
Perfect diamonds are extremely rare jewels.
Two-dollar bills are rare in the United States.
The exchange rate of the dollar versus the euro has declined.
At what rate did the illness spread?
I can type at a very fast rate.
I can reach the top shelf.
We have reached our destination.
How did he react to the bad news?
I do not react well to surprises.
The audience members reacted to the speaker with applause.
Tom had no reason to be angry.
What is your reason for your being late to work?
Mary hates her job for many reasons.
The student made a reasonable request.
I am very reasonable with my employees.
My daughter was not reasonable when I asked her to spend less money.
Did you receive my package?
I was happy to receive my paycheck.
Mary received beautiful flowers from her son.
I had a recent conversation with my neighbor.
Recent developments caused them to change their travel plans.
When was your most recent dental appointment?
The recession caused many businesses to close.
How can banks prepare for the next recession?
Tom lost his job during the last recession.
Did you recognize your old classmate?
I don't recognize this shirt. Whose is it?
No one will recognize her in this mask.
We reduced our spending during the recession.
Can you please reduce the volume of the music?
The politician proposed reforms to Congress.
The new law was a major reform.
The protesters demanded government reform.
Tom decided to stop drinking and reform his behavior.
The state is going to reform its drug policies.
Does prison reform criminals?
I refuse to listen to your excuses.
My boss refused my request for a raise.
Tom refuses to eat his vegetables.
Tom's college application was rejected.
My neighbor rejected my request to cut his tree.
My credit card was rejected by the ATM.
I cannot release that information. It is private.
The terrorists released the hostages.
The prisoner asked to be released early.
The bones remained frozen in the ice.
At the end of the party, only two guests remained.
Mom remained in the car while Dad shopped.
The politician was removed from office.
We removed the old furniture.
It's going to be difficult to remove this stain.
The computer repair took all day.
After his knee repair, he could walk without pain.
The mechanic said the repair would not take long.
I hired a professional to repair the stove.
The shoemaker said the shoes were too old to repair.
Tom knows how to repair computers.
The lawyer represented his client at the meeting.
The vice president represented his country at the international conference.
Mary represented her team in the competition.
I would like to make a request.
The teacher submitted a request for more funds.
Tom's loan request was turned down.
The speaker requested that the audience remain silent.
I requested extra salt on my French fries.
Mary requested a raise from her boss.
What type of tools do you require for the job?
I require that all my employees be on time.
Tom is required to wear a suit and tie to work.
Research on the causes of cancer is very expensive.
What kind of research does the organization do?
The scientist is conducting medical research.
I resigned from my position as club treasurer.
The president resigned from office after an investigation showed he had lied to voters.
The young worker was asked to resign.
Gas is an important natural resource.
I use the Internet as a resource for my research.
A library is the best resource for books.
Tom is responsible for preparing the report.
Tom is a responsible driver.
A drunk driver was responsible for the car accident.
Where are the rest of the files?
I put the rest of your clothes in the laundry.
Do you want the rest of my sandwich?
I'm going to rest before I go out.
Mary hopes to rest a lot during her vacation.
Tom likes to rest on the couch after a long day.
Mary restricts the amount of meat in her diet.
The police restricted access to the road.
The hospital restricts the number of visitors who can enter the intensive care unit.
What were the results of the test?
Do you believe global warming is the result of human actions?
Tom's diet resulted in weight loss.
The fight resulted in several arrests.
Two weeks of heavy rain resulted in flooding.
The player retired from the basketball team.
When do you plan to retire from your job?
My wife and I are preparing to retire.
Tom returned the shirt because it was too small.
Tom always hugs his son when he returns from work.
Rice is a grain that feeds billions of people.
Do you prefer white rice or brown rice?
China is the world's leading producer of rice.
We rode a boat to the island.
I don't know how to ride a bicycle.
We rose from our seats when the national anthem was played.
The temperature rose every day for a week.
Our hot-air balloon rose into the sky.
Smoking poses a risk to your health.
I took a risk when I made the investment.
Gamblers enjoy taking risks.
The road is blocked because of an accident.
Do you know which road leads to my house?
The view of the ocean from the road was spectacular.
Tom was robbed while walking late at night.
Pretending to be a friend, the man robbed old people of their social security checks.
Two men wearing masks robbed the bank.
Have you ever gone climbing on rocks?
This old bread is as hard as a rock.
The ship crashed on the rocks.
Some people actually collect rocks.
The children rolled down the hill.
I rolled the dough to make some cookies.
The kitten rolled the yarn across the floor.
Tom's face feels rough because he needs to shave.
The sea was rough because of the storm.
The trail ahead looked rough.
The earth is round, not flat.
The bowl was perfectly round.
Mary adores her baby's cute, round face.
My cat rubbed her head against my shoulder.
Will you rub my shoulders?
Children often rub their eyes when they are tired.
The scandal ruined his career.
Tom ruined the surprise by talking about the party.
Will the coffee stain ruin the carpet?
Have you ever lived in a rural area?
Rural environments are too quiet for me.
Our farm is located in rural Nebraska.
The refugees felt safe in their new country.
It isn't safe to walk alone at night.
It's not safe to drive without wearing a seatbelt.
The earth's moon is a natural satellite.
The first artificial satellite was Sputnik 1, launched by Russia in 1957.
Thousands of satellites orbit around the earth.
Physics is a branch of science.
There are some important questions that science cannot answer.
Young children are often fascinated by science.
Spring is my favorite season.
Summer is the hottest season.
Different flowers bloom in each season.
Tom is seeking a job.
I've been seeking an answer to your question.
My grandfather went to the hospital to seek help for his stomach pain.
Tom was elected to the Senate in 2008.
Tom's sentence was 25 hours of community service.
Tom will finish serving his sentence next month.
The judge gave the woman a three year sentence.
They want to separate after 40 years of marriage.
The mother separated the fighting children.
A river separates the city into east and west.
They are separated, and cannot touch.
My niece is a serious girl.
Our financial problems are serious.
Tom is sick, but it isn't serious.
In my family, the punishment for lying was severe.
The look on my boss's face was severe.
In severe weather, it's best to stay indoors.
Would you like to share my dessert with me?
Did you have to share a bedroom with your brothers or sisters?
The children shared a pizza after school.
My grandmother's death was a big shock.
It was a shock to hear about Tom's divorce.
For Tom, getting fired was an unexpected shock.
The estimate was a complete shock!
Did the test results shock you?
We were shocked when the landlord raised our rent by $200.00 a month.
The cost of repairing the roof shocked her.
I heard a shout and then a crash.
You don't have to shout. I can hear you.
Tom always shouts when he is angry.
Shouting at your computer will not help.
Mary's sickness does not stop her from enjoying life.
Dirty drinking water can cause sickness.
Chicken pox is a common sickness in children.
The car's left-turn signal was broken.
It's dangerous to ignore the signal at a railroad crossing.
This signal means "don't walk."
The silence in the library was disturbed by the ringing of a cell phone.
Silence makes some people nervous.
Mary and her sister have a similar hairstyle.
Their voices sound similar over the phone.
All American bills are similar in color.
Two dogs can be different, but similar.
Are you satisfied with the political situation in your country?
The economic situation isn't good right now.
I dreamed I was in a very strange situation.
Tiger Woods is famous for his skill as a golfer.
Mary has no musical skill, but she loves to sing.
You can't get a job if you don't have useful skills.
Playing chess requires a certain amount of skill.
Ice is solid.
The skyscraper was built on a solid foundation.
Columns provide a solid foundation.
My brother helped me solve the math problem.
No one was ever able to solve the riddle.
The service agent helped me solve my problem.
Sometimes a clear path can solve the problem.
Bagpipes produce a very strange sound.
I love the sound of children laughing.
Be quiet, please! Don't make a sound.
There's no space in the room for another bed.
Do you wish you could travel in space?
I have a special relationship with my aunt.
Tom only wears a suit on special occasions.
Americans eat special foods on Thanksgiving.
The red chair was set apart. It was special.
Tom spends a lot of time on the phone.
Don't spend more than you earn.
The friends spent a lot of money on their shopping trip.
In rich countries, few people starve.
The people almost starved during the terrible winter.
It was a dry year, and many animals starved.
The Constitution gives certain rights to the states.
California was the 31st state admitted to the United States.
America is made up of 50 states.
The president stated his position on the issue.
The contract states how much we have to pay.
The witness stated his name.
Mary stood as still as a statue when she saw the snake.
I have several statues in my garden.
Have you ever visited the Statue of Liberty?
Tom told the dog to stay.
Our vacation was so much fun that we decided to stay an extra week.
People stay in one place while meditating.
We rested on some stones.
The protesters threw stones at the police.
I love collecting stones at the beach.
There were many snow storms last winter.
People were not prepared for the storm.
Driving during a storm can be dangerous.
Lightning can occur during a storm.
Mary wishes she had straight hair.
The walls in the old house were not straight.
The road stays straight for the next 50 miles.
A strange car was parked in front of my house.
Teenagers often wear strange clothes.
The boxer struck his opponent hard.
Tom struck the wall with his fist.
The workers are striking for better pay.
The new concert hall is a tall, modern, structure.
The structure isn't safe.
Skyscrapers are beautiful structures.
Sometimes I struggle to speak English.
Tom struggled to walk again after the accident.
Tom struggled to climb to the top.
What is the subject of your lecture?
For me, history is a fascinating subject.
Math is her favorite subject in school.
We succeeded in finishing the project.
Mary succeeded in her studies.
Will the experiment succeed?
With hard work, your plans will succeed.
For years, Tom suffered from migraine headaches.
I hate to see animals suffer.
Do you suffer from seasonal allergies?
In her job, she supervises 30 employees.
I supervised the people fixing my bathroom.
The teacher is supervising her students.
While she is writing, her dad will supervise.
Tom's answer surprised me.
Tom's decision to get married surprised his family.
We surprised my cousin with a birthday party.
The Roman Empire survived for a thousand years.
None of the old trees survived the fire.
Could you survive alone in the wilderness?
There were a dozen suspects in the case.
The suspect was told not to leave town.
Tom was arrested as a suspect in a criminal case.
The woman suspected that her son was using drugs.
The teacher suspected the student was cheating.
The policeman suspected the man was guilty.
I am five feet, two inches tall.
Most basketball players are very tall.
The bridge is very long and very tall.
Tom's shot missed the target by two feet.
The center of a target is called a "bull's eye."
You hit the center of the target.
The fruit tastes sweet.
When I have a cold, I cannot taste anything.
Watermelon tastes delicious on a hot day.
Tom pays about 25% of his income in taxes.
Many people hire accountants to help them with their tax returns.
All Americans have to pay their taxes.
The water polo team practices at 5:30 a.m.
Tom is the captain of the football team.
My son practices with his Little League baseball team every weekend.
I tear my clothes when I work in the garden.
Tom tore the paper in half.
I tore a hole in my jeans when I fell off my bike.
You need technical knowledge to understand how this system works.
The programmer is fixing a technical problem with the computer server.
The world's largest telescope is in the Canary Islands.
They are using a telescope to look at the sky.
You can see the stars using a telescope.
What is the temperature of the water in the pool?
The company hired a temporary office assistant.
The dentist put in a temporary filling.
The roadblock is only temporary. It will be removed when the construction is finished.
Tom's meeting with his boss was very tense.
I am always tense before I get on an airplane.
Tom served two terms in Congress.
By signing a contract, you agree to certain terms and conditions.
We saw a terrible movie last night.
There was a terrible accident on the freeway.
Smoking is terrible for your health.
We drove through unfamiliar territory.
Some Canadian territories have almost no people.
Tom could never forget the terror of war.
Some people have a terror of mice.
The vampire movie filled them with terror.
Terrorists blew up a bus.
Terrorists attacked the World Trade Center in New York City in 2001.
The theater in my neighborhood is being rebuilt.
Would you like to go to the theater this evening?
We waited in the movie theater for the film to start.
Scientists are debating his theory about the disappearance of the dinosaurs.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world.
These keys are not mine.
I got these earrings from my grandmother.
These apples look very fresh.
The wall is two meters thick.
The forest is very thick.
I love thick, creamy mushroom soup.
This book is very thick.
The dress is made of a thin fabric.
The dough used for pancakes is thin.
I think fashion models today are too thin.
This laptop computer is very thin.
The ball flew through the air.
We walked through thick bushes.
Many trains pass through the old stone tunnel.
The boys are throwing a ball in the back yard.
In baseball, the pitcher is the player who throws the ball.
The two families have very close ties.
The United States has close ties to Mexico.
The strings are tied together.
The mother tied a ribbon in her daughter's hair.
Tom wrapped the package and tied it with strings.
I always tie my shoes tightly before I go jogging.
The patient's lung tissue was damaged from years of working in a coal mine.
I need a tool for pulling weeds in my garden.
What is the most important tool ever invented?
The plumber used many tools to fix our sink.
A wrench is a commonly used tool.
Tom filled the bucket to the top.
Tom put his wallet on top of the dresser.
Do you think she will reach the top of the mountain?
It was torture for him to see his girlfriend with another man.
It is illegal in the United States for law enforcement to use torture to get information.
In the U.S., it is illegal to torture people in order to get information from them.
The boss tortured the workers with his criticism.
Mary's back pain was torturing her.
Please do not touch the merchandise.
Have you ever touched a dolphin?
Blind people read by touching, using a system of raised dots called Braille.
It finally stopped raining towards evening.
They walked toward the gate.
The confused travelers realized they were headed toward the wrong town.
The town was established in the 18th century.
Life in a small town is boring.
My hometown is located about 20 minutes from a large city.
The two stamp collectors arranged a trade.
Trade between two countries can be complex.
There has been a large increase in trade between the United States and China.
The tragic mistake affected many people.
They both cried after hearing the tragic news.
After hearing the tragic news, he went outside to be alone.
Tom was trained as a doctor.
I trained my dog to bring me the newspaper in the morning.
They hired a moving company to transport their belongings to their new home.
Many goods are transported across the globe by ship.
Steel traps are illegal.
We set out traps for catching cockroaches.
The mouse was lured into the trap by a big piece of cheese.
It is an act of treason to sell military secrets to your country's enemies.
In some countries, the punishment for treason can be life in prison.
Tom treats his employees generously.
The therapist is treating the patient for a back injury.
This package requires special treatment.
What's a good treatment for insomnia?
Medicine is a treatment for illness.
Many countries have signed a treaty to eliminate nuclear weapons.
When two countries end a war, they sign a peace treaty.
The accused thief is on trial now.
Many newspaper reporters attended the trial.
The witness did not seem nervous when he spoke at the trial.
The investment firm tricked customers into buying worthless stock.
Magicians trick their audience into believing they have special powers.
Tom is away on a business trip.
We are planning a trip to New York.
Our biking trip in the French Alps lasted two weeks.
The company is in financial trouble.
I do not want to cause you any trouble.
My little brother likes to make trouble at school.
The street was blocked by a huge truck.
Tom drives a truck for a living.
We rented a truck to move our furniture.
The subway in London is known as "the Tube."
Please buy a tube of toothpaste.
An artist uses many tubes of paint to make a large painting.
Please turn around and look at me.
I tossed and turned in bed all night.
One day this caterpillar will turn into a beautiful butterfly.
The river flows under the bridge.
Mary is wearing two sweaters under her coat.
Tom is hiding under the table.
We couldn't understand what the baby was trying to say.
Tom doesn't understand how to use a computer.
All the neighbors united to clean up the park.
In 2008, Delta and Northwest airlines united to form the world's largest airline.
The workers united to solve the problem.
There are billions of stars in the universe.
How old is the universe?
The universe is endless.
Tom's dream is to go to a university in England.
Dr. Johnson is a professor at the university.
My daughter graduated from the university today.
You can't park in a handicapped parking space unless you have a special permit.
Unless I hear from you, I'll plan to meet you at five.
I will not go unless it stops raining.
Last night we worked until 10 p.m.
The children played outside until dark.
The card was valid until January, 2006.
The cost of gasoline keeps on going up.
The cat climbed up the tree.
When I was small, my father used to throw me up in the air.
Mary urged her son to take an umbrella.
The doctor urged the patient to stop smoking.
Mary urged her parents to let her go out with her friends.
The manager called an urgent staff meeting.
Tom received an urgent message to call his wife.
I need to get to this meeting now.
The boss said it's urgent!
Tom said he would write to us.
They saw us yesterday.
Would you like to play with us?
Tom used old towels to dry the dog.
Mary doesn't use salt in her cooking.
The thief used a screwdriver to break into the car.
I'll meet you at the usual time.
This cold weather isn't usual for June.
They're late, as usual.
Workers in France receive four weeks of paid vacation each year.
Where did you go on your summer vacation?
We took a family vacation to Tahiti.
Scientists haven't found a vaccine for cancer yet.
Jonas Salk developed the polio vaccine in 1952.
In 2010, there was a shortage of H1N1 vaccine.
Squaw Valley, California, is one of the largest ski resorts in the United States.
The valley was twenty miles wide.
We hiked through a beautiful green valley.
Your friendship has great value to me.
What is the value of an average home in your area?
Broccoli is one of the healthiest vegetables.
Bok choy is a vegetable used in Chinese cooking.
Tom doesn't like eating vegetables.
Tom can drive almost any kind of vehicle.
Tom's favorite vehicle is a 1960 Ford truck.
Soldiers go on patrol in a military vehicle.
The book is available in both hard and soft-cover versions.
This dictionary isn't the most recent version.
I just bought the latest version of this MP3 player.
The President vetoed the law after Congress passed it.
Mary's parents vetoed her summer plans.
The bank vetoed my student loan application.
Tom is the victim of a terrible crime.
Victims of the hurricane received financial aid from the government.
The firefighter helped the car-accident victim.
Winning the election was a great victory for the candidate's political party.
It was a victory for the whole country when he finished first in the race.
She was born in a remote village in Nepal.
The village does not have a post office.
The village is located high up in the mountains.
We sued the insurance company because it violated the terms of our policy.
Tom got a ticket for violating a traffic law.
People were told to stay indoors because of the violence in the streets.
Many parents believe that there is too much violence on TV.
Tom caught a virus and had to stay home from work.
Under a microscope, some viruses appear quite beautiful.
Americans need a visa to travel to China.
We don't need a visa to go to France.
I have many visas in my passport because I travel a lot for my job.
I can't wait to visit my grandmother.
Which countries have you visited?
It's fun to visit old friends.
The opera singer has a beautiful voice.
My teacher has a very soft voice.
Singers use microphones to make their voices louder.
It's dangerous to live near a volcano.
The 2010 eruption of a volcano in Iceland caused many problems for European travelers.
Tom won the election by just three votes.
The family took a vote on the type of restaurant they wanted to go to for dinner.
Every vote counts in an election.
Americans vote for a new president every four years.
I didn't vote in the last election.
The employees voted on the manager's proposal.
The workers receive their wages every Friday.
I try to save 10% of my wages each month.
In most countries, teachers do not receive high wages.
Please put the table next to the wall.
What color are the walls in your room?
The Great Wall of China is more than 5,500 miles long.
The Great Wall of China is over 5,500 miles long.
I like my soup to be warm, not hot.
It was a warm day, so we went swimming.
It was nice and warm inside the house.
The doctor warned him against smoking.
The teacher warned us that the test would be hard.
The sign warned people not to park.
It's Mary's turn to wash the dishes.
How often do you wash your hair?
You should wash your hands before you eat.
That computer class was a waste of time.
Please put your waste in the bins outside.
Many tons of waste go into the landfill each month.
It's illegal to waste water here.
Stop wasting time and get back to work.
My mother taught me not to waste money.
The family is watching a movie together.
Watch what you're doing!
Do you like to watch sports on television?
She's afraid to swim in large waves.
In the United States, a wave means "good bye."
The beaches in Hawaii are famous for their huge waves.
What's the fastest way to get to Boston?
Do you know a good way to learn new words?
Barbecuing is one way to cook meat.
The old woman is too weak to get out of bed.
People do not trust a weak government.
Tom is too weak to lift himself.
Tom has great wealth, but he is not happy.
It takes luck and hard work to achieve wealth.
What would you do if you had great wealth?
The museum has an exhibit of ancient weapons.
Does your country have nuclear weapons?
Soldiers are trained to use weapons.
Police are trained to use weapons.
It's raining, but she's not wearing a coat.
The little girl doesn't like to wear shoes.
What do you usually wear to work?
Every morning I read about the weather in the newspaper.
Tom goes jogging in every kind of weather.
The weather is beautiful today.
Every website has a unique address.
Mary has a website for her business.
Mary welcomed her mother with a kiss.
The teacher welcomed the new students.
The United States welcomes immigrants from many countries.
How many languages do you speak well?
The children work well together.
My house is on the west side of the street.
Mary's office is two miles west of her house.
The sun always sets in the west.
Be careful! The floor is wet.
The sidewalks were wet after the rain.
Cats don't like to get wet.
Your feet feel good when they are wet.
The United States exports wheat all over the world.
Some people are allergic to wheat.
The accident damaged her car's front wheels.
It's not known who first invented the wheel.
A unicycle has one wheel.
Have you heard whether Tom got the job?
I'm not sure whether to stay home or go out.
Mary can't decide whether or not to buy the dress.
Which color do you prefer, blue or green?
Which of your parents do you resemble?
Which dessert should he eat?
Tom read a magazine while he waited for the bus.
While Mary was in college, she worked for a lawyer.
It's not safe to text while you drive.
Every Saturday we clean the whole house.
Tom spent the whole day reading in bed.
Will he eat the whole cake?
The final piece makes up the whole pie.
The sofa is wide enough for four people to sit on.
My living room has wide windows.
The Mississippi River is deep and wide.
The dam blocking the river is very wide.
Some wild cats live under my neighbor's house.
Most of the Amazon jungle is still wild.
Millions of wild animals live in Alaska.
I'm not willing to cook dinner for twenty people.
Are you willing to drive me to the station?
Friends are always willing to help each other.
Tom won $10,000 in the lottery.
The Republican candidate won the election.
Tom won the race.
The wind knocked the birdhouse out of the tree.
The wind blew her hair into her eyes.
Wind is a cheap and clean source of energy.
I was born in the winter.
The sun goes down by 4 p.m. in the winter.
It's fun to build a snowman in winter.
The hotel provided a wire in the bathroom for hanging wet clothes.
The children made sculptures out of wire.
Do you see the bird on the telephone wire?
Who is the wisest person you know?
You made a wise decision.
Tom decided it would be wiser to study than to go out with friends.
Older men are usually very wise.
I have no wish to live in a large city.
It's an American tradition to make a wish on your birthday.
Mary withdrew her application for the job.
When he's sad, he withdraws from other people.
Many people use ATMs to withdraw money.
Mary can cook anything without using a recipe.
My friends went to the movies without me.
You can't travel overseas without a passport.
Have you ever been a witness in a court case?
Six witnesses said they saw Tom cheating on the exam.
There were no witnesses to the crime.
It's a wonder they're still awake.
Venice, Italy is one of the wonders of the world.
The pyramids of Egypt are one of the seven wonders of the world.
Tom wonders if it's true.
I wonder what time it is.
Have you ever wondered how many stars are in the sky?
Mr. Johnson is a wonderful music teacher.
The cool air felt wonderful on my face.
The view of the ocean was wonderful.
All the floors in her house are made of wood.
In California, most houses have frames of wood.
Tom makes beautiful furniture out of wood.
There are more than six billion people in the world.
My mother makes the best cakes in the world.
From space, the world looks very small.
My mother worries about everything.
Tom worries about making mistakes at work.
Today, many people worry about losing their jobs.
Many people worry about paying their bills.
Tom speaks French worse than English.
The weather today is worse than yesterday.
Tom's fever is getting worse.
Tom needs to call a doctor.
The worth of friendship is greater than gold.
What is the worth of a jar full of pennies?
Can you guess the worth of the diamond?
In older people, wounds take a long time to heal.
The divorce left the man with emotional wounds.
The wound stopped hurting after he put a band-aid on it.
I was wounded by her comments.
A wounded whale washed up on the beach.
Mary treated her wounded knee.
After the hurricane, their house was a wreck.
A hundred people were hurt in a train wreck.
Driving on a slippery road can lead to a car wreck.
I wrote the wrong address on the envelope.
Parents teach their children that it's wrong to lie.
Be careful not to drive the wrong way on a one-way street.
The x-ray showed two broken fingers.
Dentists take x-rays to examine your teeth.
The doctors are looking at an x-ray.
Tom has lived in Chicago for a year.
What year is it?
I love my yellow sweater.
The garden was full of beautiful yellow flowers.
In the United States, school buses are yellow.
Tom's birthday was yesterday.
Yesterday was the last day of school.
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
The flights haven't left yet.
It's easier to learn a new language when you are young.
Most young adults enjoy going out at night.
A young dog is called a "puppy."
There are two zeros in the number "2010."
Zero comes before one.
The world's largest zoo is in Berlin, Germany.
Have you visited a zoo in your country?
The little boy is at the zoo.
Zebras and giraffes are found at a zoo.
The killer confessed his terrible act.
We've only picked off ripe fruit.
The reason will never be known.
I'm coming from the garden.
It's Greek to me.
It's Chinese to me.
Many people use cash machines to withdraw money.
The mayor of Naples has apologised to a US tourist who was beaten up by local residents shortly after he was mugged.
The dog followed its master, wagging its tail.
There is frost on the road.
I saw my Twitter account suspended after a while.
Merry Christmas and a happy New Year to everyone.
There was a savour of bitterness in his voice.
There was a savour of bitterness in her voice.
Only a fool doesn't fear the sea.
The beautiful French language is lost.
I'm an idealist. I don't know where I'm going, but I'm on my way.
Time is the coin of your life. You spend it. Do not allow others to spend it for you.
Let the fruit-tree come to bloom.
He ran to his mother in the library.
He does nothing but watch TV all day long.
He gazed at me.
He held a pen in his hands.
He dedicated himself to biology studies for almost ten years.
His face was enlightened by happiness.
Her face was enlightened by happiness.
I have no friends to play with.
He described the incident in detail.
The arrow missed its target.
I am astigmatic.
I have astigmatism.
I couldn't put up with that noise any longer.
A long caravan of camel was heading to the West.
One year later, Paul was born.
Alain tells me that it doesn't work, so I'm running tests to know if it works.
I can't trust him.
The batteries in my calculator are dead.
Do you ever happen to snack between meals?
Do you ever happen to nibble between meals?
She got up to answer the phone.
We can see things in the distance using a telescope.
I wish it was Valentine's Day!
I can't wait for Valentine's Day!
You are good at speaking English, aren't you?
Any book will do provided it is interesting.
It's a deep feeling, yes really.
Iceland entered into an alliance with France.
Don't count your chickens before they hatch.
No one is bound to the impossible, except me!
It's bogus.
It's phony.
Culture is like jam, the less you have, the more you spread it.
I can't leave work until five o'clock.
I had a dream last night, about silk and fine cloth or about equality and fair trial.
It's a unique device able to make stress and melancholy vanish.
All that work exhausted me.
Software is like sex: it's better when it's free.
I take a bath once a day.
She focused on her work.
Is this true?
Oh my god, it's delicious!
I never would have thought that I would meet you here.
My pastime is collecting insects.
I can't resist her.
Stop resisting!
He is wearing a woolen sweater.
He wears a woolen sweater.
After having spent so much money on Christmas gifts, she found herself in a tough spot.
Four of my favorite Christmas carols are "Silent Night," "Joy to the World," "The First Noel" and "Away in the Manger."
"Jingle Bells," a popular song around Christmas time, is not really a Christmas song. The lyrics say nothing about Christmas.
He was given a detention for being out after curfew.
She closed her eyes, pursed her lips and leaned forward for a kiss.
I like watching movies.
Next year is the year of the rabbit.
There is a custom of eating buckwheat noodles on New Year's Eve in Japan.
There is a custom of eating rice cakes for New Year's in Japan.
Nothing beats the pleasure of mutual understanding when using a foreign language.
The true gifts of Christmas are love and peace. You cannot buy them in a store.
The animals which live on farms are domesticated.
Sheep are raised for their wool and meat.
I am very pleased to receive this from you.
What is the continent with the most people living on it in the world?
I burnt my fingertip.
Everyone who knows him, respects him.
How many colors are there?
Translating languages is very difficult.
How did I oversleep even though I went to bed early?!
I overslept because I stayed up late.
I'm going to buy a cell phone tomorrow.
I'm going to buy a mobile phone tomorrow!
I'm gonna get a cell phone tomorrow!
Can you not sense the mood?
Can't you read between the lines?
Cows eat grass.
He just ate. I'm always eating.
My father fixes broken chairs.
Today, the Ministry of Health announced that it has stopped distribution of and is recalling a medicine for children due to the problem of heart related side effects. The government has taken this into account and has forbidden the importation of this medicine.
Compared to Tokyo, London is small.
London is smaller than Tokyo.
Please prepare a CD player so that you can quickly playback the sound you want to record.
How about putting something on the front or the back?
Did you come by train?
People pursue more freedom and equality.
Please don't tell this to your parents.
The bee flew to the flower.
He was born in Switzerland.
He is Swiss born.
Will you be home tonight?
The store is also open at night.
Better bread without butter than cake without freedom.
He returned from China.
It is difficult to catch a rabbit by hand.
It's 8 P.M.
This explanation doesn't mean anything!
It is a very sad tale.
I was raised in Tokyo.
I was born in Tokyo.
I'm waiting for her to come here.
What would German be without commas!
Although he is rich, he is not happy.
I'll explain to you how to use it when I come back.
He looked at him in the mirror.
This is not about my capabilities. Even if I never had heard the slightest sound of english, I still could kneel down and put my face on the ground to show my submission. But who can force me into that?
Of course I remember you, we used to be best friends when we went at elementary school!
My father lost his work.
She moved to the USA because her father died some months after you went to France.
The last time I called her she told me that she wants to get back to Italy.
I guess you have changed a lot. I imagine what kind of beautiful young lady you've become...
Don't vilify me!
Can you unjam the printer?
Can you unclog the toilet?
Try not to splatter the ink.
The title of the book should be italicized.
What languages do you speak?
Do you have money?
He blackmailed me.
Don't treat me like a kid.
Your book is here.
He was born and raised in Tokyo.
I'm afraid that my wishes will not be fulfilled.
The police officer wore a bulletproof vest.
He's always on time.
Wanker.
I lent him a book but he still hasn't returned it.
It's not what I wanted to say.
Ask her when she comes back.
We discussed the subject at length.
There are some good marriages, but there are no delicious ones.
My baby brother still wets his bed.
I used my windshield wiper to clean the snow on my window.
My wrists were sore after lifting wieghts.
The boxer weaved out the way to avoid getting hit.
My friend gave a me typical reaction after I scared him.
I tracked down the enemy through the sniper scope.
I felt an uncomfortable tightness in my chest.
English is tougher for me than math.
We toured all the major cities.
I need a tighter grip on my possessions.
I quench my thirst with a cold glass of water.
The nonviolent actions of Martin Luther King inspired many people.
Predators always prey on unsuspecting victims.
My friend always accuses me of doing wrong things.
I have accustomed myself to work long hours.
I am accustoming to this life style.
Their accustoms were different from ours.
Children below the age of 8 have an underdeveloped frontal lobe that might cause them to be unable to separate reality from fantasy. Some of them might believe that there are monsters in their closet or under the bed for example. They are also sometimes unable to distinguish dreams from reality.
They are not used to our customs yet.
The annoying advertiser called my house.
Doctors advertise the flu shot every year.
He speaks quickly.
I talked to my advisors about which classes to take.
I received an advisory notice about my electricity cutting off this month.
They were afforded the opportunity to work for the government.
I can't afford much because of the economy we are in.
I wondered aimlessly to find something fun to do.
I am surprised by how aimlessness can affect people.
I study languages ambitiously.
I am very positive and ambitious for my goals.
I tilted my camera at a better angle.
Murderers and thieves can come from any angle.
Let's approach this from a different angle.
The pitcher threw the balled angled towards the batter.
His face grew angrier when he saw his girlfriend kiss another guy.
I'm angry that she didn't call me.
His face was the angriest out of everyones.
I've never seen anyone look so angry like that in my life.
There was an angry crowd gathered outside the courthouse causing a riot.
What caused you to be angry?
He got angry when he found out about their plans.
He sent an angry customer to the manager.
She gave me a dirty look.
I apologize for disturbing you like this.
We apologize for his rudeness.
We apologize for the mistake and promise that it won't happen again.
He apologized to his wife and children for losing his temper.
I have no intention of apologizing.
The audience applauded his efforts.
The crowd whistled and applauded at President Obama's speech.
We applaud the decision to lower taxes.
I approve of this message.
I don't approve of the way he bullies others.
You must obtain approval before you can go.
I don't approve of them dating each other.
I don't always approve of his methods.
The cook drew approving comments from across the table.
What is there in your bedroom?
What is there to see in Malvern?
What's the matter with him?
What is today's date?
What is your job?
What is your opinion?
What is your phone number?
What is your registration number?
What is your surname?
What kind of fish is this?
What kind of monkeys are those?
What kind of music do you have?
What make of car is it?
What rate of exchange is today?
What room would you like to reserve?
What rooms are there in your house?
What shall we buy him for his birthday?
What shirt is pink?
What shoes are too big?
What shoes are too small?
What shoes do you like?
What shoes fit well?
What size cake do you need?
What size do you take?
What street is this?
What sunglasses are pink?
What sweater do you like more?
What time does my flight arrive?
What time does my flight depart?
What time is now?
What time shall I call back?
What to do?
What to drink?
What toy is big?
Which t-shirt is red?
What type of animals can I find here?
What type of job are you looking for?
What was the weather like when you went out this morning?
What will be the fastest?
What will the weather be like tomorrow?
What would you like to drink today?
What would you like to eat today?
What year was that piece made?
What's the restaurant's speciality?
What's for dinner?
What's it to you?
What's my prescription?
What's that animal's name?
What's the distance from here to Salamanca?
What's the name of my doctor?
What's the name of that piece?
What's the name of that station?
What's the name of this fruit?
What's the name of your web page?
What's the side effect?
What's the temperature now?
What's the weather in your country now?
What's the weather like today?
What's this zoo's name?
What's your blog about?
What's your debt?
What's your diagnostic?
What's your e-mail address?
What's your favorite day?
When can I travel?
When did it happen?
When did you go?
When do you drink coffee?
When do you eat breakfast?
When do you eat dinner?
When do you want me to call you?
When do you write?
When does it open?
When I am sitting next to the window, I feel sick.
When I found the restaurant, my friends had already had supper.
When is my first work day?
When is my next appointment?
When is my surgery?
When is the next departure?
When it's hot, I go swim. When it rains, I like to play chess.
When must I go on board?
When she was back, she said you were playing truant and they wanted to throw you out of the school.
How long will it take for the letter to arrive?
When will we arrive at Barcelona?
When you have time you should read this book.
Where are the crocodiles?
Where are the giraffes?
Where are the lions and tigers?
Where are the paintings?
Where are the restrooms?
Where are the toilets?
Where are you all from?
Where are you going this afternoon?
Where are your red meats?
Where can I buy a bathing suit?
Where can I buy a map of the city?
Where can I buy a toothbrush?
Where can I develop these photos?
Where can I exchange money?
Where can I find an authentic food restaurant?
Where can I find the produce?
Where can I get a cab?
Where can I get a map?
Where can I get information?
Where can I mail these letters?
Where can I place these beers?
Where can I take a tour of the city?
Where can we park the car?
Where did she learn to cook so well?
Where did you buy that dress?
Where do I turn?
Where do they live?
Where do you all live?
Where do you want to eat tonight?
Where do you write?
Where does your grandmother live?
Where is he practicing?
Where can I buy a program?
Where is a bakery?
Where is it?
Where is mom?
Where is my luggage?
Where is Retiro park?
Where is the bird's area?
Where is the cathedral located?
Where is the embassy?
Where is the entrance?
Where is the exit?
Where is the gate?
Where is the laundry mat?
Where is the nearest metro station?
Where is the Palace of Fine Arts?
Where is there a drugstore where they understand English?
Where is there a restaurant?
Where is your underwear section?
Let's go to the park where it is not noisy.
Where shall we have breakfast today?
Where were you born?
Where's the bakery?
Where's the children's section?
Where's the ice?
Where's the men's section?
Where's the party?
Where's the women's section?
Where's the zoo located?
Where's your bakery?
Where's your shoe's section?
Which direction were they heading in?
Which do you like?
Which floor is it?
Which is brown?
Which is new?
Which is old?
Which one do you prefer?
Which sports do you like?
Which train takes me to downtown?
Who are the members of the board?
Who are the voting members?
Who are those children?
Who do I report to?
Who is the Administrative Assistant?
Who is the Assistant Manager?
Who is the man who was talking with you?
Who is the secretary?
Who is the treasurer?
Who plays golf?
Who represent the executive management?
Who sings that song?
Who's wearing the blue T-shirt?
Who wears the sunglasses?
Who's the company's president?
Who's the owner of this property?
Who's your daddy, bitch?
Whom are you going out with now?
Where is my office?
Why are there people in the dining room?
Why are there people in the living room?
Why are you drinking water?
Why are you in the bathroom?
Why are you washing your hands?
Why are you wearing a sweater?
Why did you buy flowers?
Why do you need a new ladder?
Why do you need a new television?
Why do you need a new umbrella?
Why does the dog smell bad?
Why is dad in the kitchen?
Why is mom washing the dog?
Why weren't you at school yesterday?
Will you allow me to go with you?
Will you check the tires?
Will you go to the movies with me?
Will you lubricate the car?
Will you telephone for me?
Will you wake me at seven?
Will you wrap this package neatly for me?
With a good trainer, the swimmer is bound to win.
With so much noise I couldn't sleep last night.
With the fever that you have you cannot go out of the house.
With whom are you eating dinner?
With whom are you eating lunch?
I can get a gun for you within five hours.
If you want to lose weight, spend a day without meals.
Would you like a place by window or by passage?
Would you like anything else?
Would you like bread?
Would you like to come out with me?
Would you like to come to my parents' house?
Would you like to go for a walk?
Would you like to go to dinner?
Would you like to try the car before buying it?
Would you mind leaving it until tomorrow?
Would you please bring up another pillow?
Write a composition of ten sentences.
Write it down!
Write me when you arrive.
Write soon!
Write Spanish.
Yes, I have a daughter.
Yes, fits me well.
Yes, I have insurance.
Yes, I speak Spanish.
Yes, it can be done very easily.
Yes, it's true. And you?
Yes, please.
Yes, it's pretty, but I don't like red.
Yes, she wanted. I gave her your notebook.
Yes, this one is very nice. How much does it cost?
Yes. Always when I can.
Yesterday I went to the doctor and when I came back I wrote the essay myself.
You are from Columbia.
You are hot!
You are my life.
You are right. I will go by taxi.
You are so beautiful. What are you doing this evening?
You are the light of my eyes.
You are too big.
You are welcome.
You can buy almost everything in the big department store.
You can change it for another one.
You can go by bus, by metro or on foot.
You can go for walks on the hills.
You can go to the theatre, the cinema, or the swimming pool.
You can have breakfast between 7 and 9.
You can learn as much in the library as in school.
You can park behind the hotel.
You can't trust anybody.
You don't have to be a genius to know who said that.
You go to bed at eleven o'clock.
You have an entry ticket.
You have a fever and should not go out.
You have a message.
You have to call the doctor and make an appointment.
You have to go often for maches.
You have to open the envelope carefully so as not to damage the cheque.
You have to take bus number 12.
You live in my heart.
You look great in this photo!
You made it!
You must go to the dentist.
You must make an effort.
You must put on your overcoat.
You must take this cough syrup.
You must take your passport to the bank.
You need an entry ticket.
You need money?
Do you need the keys?
You owe me $1,000.
You owe me.
You should do it this way.
You should go to specialist, for now I will prescribe you medicine.
You sign here, please.
You smell like shit.
You speak Spanish very well.
You teach Arabic.
You tie a knot in it and that's it.
You want to pay in cash?
You want to pay with a check?
You want to pay with a credit card?
You wash yourself.
You went back to the camp leaving me alone in the primeval forest.
You won't get anything by shouting.
You, what do you like to do?
You'll be able to take many pictures with your new camera.
You'll have to come back in a while: the man dealing with that business has just gone out.
You'll have to get a move on if you want to catch the train.
You're very kind.
You've put on weight.
You can use this phone.
Your mum eats shit.
Your room number is five hundred four: five-oh-four.
You're very sexy.
The old man arched his back.
He was ashamed of the grades he got.
I am not ashamed to be seen with them.
I am ashamed to call you my friend.
His appearance and behavior made me ashamed of him.
I am ashamed about what happened yesterday.
Ashamedly, I went along with it.
Some people never fail to astonish me.
What astonishes me is that he never learns his lesson.
The astonishing blow finished the match.
I hate unfinished business.
I had perfect attendance this year.
My attendance is necessary.
She attracted the wrong kind of people.
Her voluptuous body attracted me.
Negative electrons attract positive electrons.
I did not want to attract attention.
I was attracted to the idea of helping others and getting money.
Her beauty attracted everyone in the room.
His charade attracted negative attention.
The attractiveness of his charisma made other people listen.
My aunty is feeling sick.
I was strolling down the avenue.
The accident was entirely avoidable.
I want to cut down any avoidable costs.
His stupidity was unavoidable.
Why do you keep avoiding me?
He took a detour to avoid the heavy traffic.
We need to avoid any further delays.
He was caught trying to avoid getting arrested.
I am trying to avoid any arguments.
They avoided each other for days.
I'm not going to be late if I can avoid it.
This problem is not avoidable.
He has completely avoided being sentimental.
Is this what you want?
Can you give me more food?
Are you a leader or a follower?
Are you interested in promotional opportunities?
Aren't you a little young for this position?
Can you describe the ideal supervisor-subordinate relationship?
Can you name the situations in which a supervisor should use a direct order?
Can you say how employees may be recognized for excellent performance?
Can you tell me how you completed all your work at a time your course load was very heavy?
I'm 27.
Jim was sewing loops on a flag this morning.
I can't remember her address no matter how much I try.
I can't remember her phone number no matter how much I try.
I can't remember her name.
Can you tell me what the major sources of conflict in organisations are?
Can you tell us about your experience in developing technical materials?
Can you tell us what quality that you possess is the most outstanding?
Do you have plans for additional education?
Do you work well under pressure?
Does that suit you?
I'm 24 years old.
I'm 24.
Smoking kills.
My wife's father is my father-in-law.
Peas and carrots are common ingredients in soups.
Mother-in-law jokes are funny because they're true.
I was born in 1972.
He speaks really well.
Riding in the car is for kids.
He hurt himself during yesterday's game.
You appear to think of other things.
She speaks English really well.
Can I pay with a travelers check?
He is more clever than me.
He is more clever than I am.
This watch costs 10 000 CFA francs.
Where is the restroom?
In many dialects of English, the letter Z is pronounced "zed", not "zee".
Is it a yes or a no?
If human life is convex, we can optimize it.
You were alive when you were born and you are alive at this moment, so you must be alive any point in between. That implies everyone's life is a convex one.
Maybe after easter, spring will come.
In today's society, the media encourage young people to strive for success.
It is often assumed that this success means wealth, prestige or fame.
Marrying someone from a different background or country will always be more problematic than marrying someone from your own.
If there were an accident, we would have to report it.
I was told I would feel better after this medicine.
Every morning he would go for a walk.
Would you help me post these letters?
Would you help me post this letter?
It would be impossible to estimate how many crimes went undetected last year.
She would keep interrupting me.
If you pressed that button, the engine would stop.
I don't want to see your face ever again.
Do you speak Chinese well?
You have to face the facts.
Some people stared at me awkwardly.
You don't have to do it so awkwardly.
They arrived at an awkward time.
She bent awkwardly in front of me.
That is an awkward amount of weight to carry.
His style was awkward.
I felt awkward around them.
That was an awkward moment.
There was an awkward pause.
Her awkwardness was uncanny.
She was awkward and reserved at parties.
I sensed the awkwardness in the room.
He felt awkward after she kissed him.
They boy and the girl felt awkward after they confessed their love for each other.
His awkward skills with his hands surprised me.
He walked awkwardly down the street.
The earth revolves on its axis once every 24 hours.
The employees would soon be given the ax by the company.
He claims that has no ax to grind with him.
I had to get the axes to chop the wood.
Many workers are facing the ax in the assembly department.
The door had been axed by the firefighters.
The president promised to ax government spending.
We're not axing Grandma out of the nursing home.
The principal was axing students and teachers out of classrooms.
Hush!
The bagging was quite expensive.
Please don't look over here again.
He is afraid of Father.
He packed his lunch in a paper bag.
The tired old lady had bags under her eyes.
He put his money in the bag.
I had bags of energy.
An interfering old bag didn't keep her mouth shut.
The cashier bagged the customer's groceries.
We bagged the fruits and vegetables.
We bagged two hot girls tonight.
We've bagged many awards for excellence.
We need to get there early to bag a seat in the front row.
All the positions are full.
We are not hiring anymore.
You came too late.
These jeans are baggy.
He bagged all of his hopes of getting into first place.
Breath through the bag.
He stuffed his laundry into a large bag.
I put all my belongings in a plastic bag.
I didn't have enough space to fit my lunch in the bag.
Don't put that in the bag.
Don't put anything in the bag.
Don't take out anything from the bag.
Can you please watch my bag?
Who went into my bag?
Who stole something from my bag?
That bag looks expensive.
My shopping bag broke.
Would you like a plastic bag or a paper bag?
Don't touch my bag.
Give me back my bag.
You should check your bag to see if anything is missing.
How much does this bag cost?
My book bag is very heavy.
I do not have anything in my bag.
My bag is empty.
Why is my bag empty?
Who went inside my bag?
I did not take anything from his bag.
Who's bag is this for?
Can I check into your bag for security purposes.
Someone stole my bag.
I still need to eat breakfast.
I haven't eaten for days.
I am going to pick up my brother from school.
My brother is waiting for me at the school.
This is a random sentence.
I am a very busy person.
Today is half off at the mexican restaurant called qdoba.
I got this in the bag.
My room looks like a mess.
If we have a problem we can take it outside.
I need to catch up the lost time.
I have to catch up the lost time.
I cannot remember her name.
She needs assistance.
Pal, you're a pussy.
They fucked all night long.
The alarm clock is ringing.
Going down on somebody is an art.
Then I can still have five more minutes of sleep.
Anyhow it will be a good idea to hurry up.
Hey Pandark, how did you became so famous that Pharamp started writing sentences about you?
Jonathan Swift would defend me.
Oleg is happy that someone loves him.
I discovered the truth.
We were obliged to abandon our plan.
She remarried when she was in her mid-forties.
Don't you believe it is strange that I should live alone?
Do you jack it off often?
I don't give a fuck.
He can't tell the real thing from the fake.
In autumn all the leaves on the mountain change color.
The entire mountain changes color in autumn.
Everyone must protect their own family.
He acknowledges the danger.
You must work diligently.
Give me a cut, wash and dry please.
Today is very warm.
I'm leaving first.
I'm leaving, please excuse me.
Thanks for your hard work.
Translated into many languages, The International has been and is still singing symbol of social struggles around the world.
The park is nice and comfortable.
There are many countries that are suffering unemployment. In other words, there are many young people that are not guaranteed a future and are late for the train called life.
Hey, I'm Mike.
Robots just do things, they don't think at all.
My family is from Malaysia.
Musk is one of the best scents.
I spent the best times of my life at my grandfather's house.
Poets select the best words.
I went to swim in the river yesterday.
Everybody has weaknesses.
He made an official visit to the French president the day before yesterday.
Italy is a peninsula.
Esperanto, with its 130-year history and abundant literature, can be mastered in one tenth of the time required for learning one of the widespread national languages.
There are no comments for now.
Sappho was a famous Lesbian poet.
To survive in a hostile environment, one must be able to improvize and be tenacious.
Can you please leave me alone?
You are here now in a doctor's surgery.
First of all, I will ask you a few questions and then examine you.
The workers banded together to go on strike and fight the company.
We need to band together to beat the enemy.
Please answer either by nodding or shaking your head.
I have wads of rubber bands.
The sword is banded with steel to make it stronger.
Please write the answer on this piece of paper.
There are other possibilities with regard to this question and you will find numbers next to the variants.
Indicate the applicable numeral, by holding up the corresponding number of fingers.
All the questions apply to your sick child.
Philosophy teaches us to feel uncertain about the things that seem to us self-evident. Propaganda, on the other hand, teaches us to accept as self-evident matters about which it would be reasonable to suspend our judgment or to feel doubt.
I'm afraid of losing my obscurity. Genuineness only thrives in the dark. Like celery.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Habit converts luxurious enjoyments into dull and daily necessities.
It is man's intelligence that makes him so often behave more stupidly than the beasts. ... Man is impelled to invent theories to account for what happens in the world. Unfortunately, he is not quite intelligent enough, in most cases, to find correct explanations.
Please take it easy, we will help you.
The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human.
So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly rise and make them miserable.
There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities.
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted.
The trouble with fiction... is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.
Liberty, as we all know, cannot flourish in a country that is permanently on a war footing, or even a near war footing. Permanent crisis justifies permanent control of everybody and everything by the agencies of central government.
That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons that history has to teach.
An intellectual is a person who has discovered something more interesting than sex.
Because machines could be made progressively more and more efficient, Western man came to believe that men and societies would automatically register a corresponding moral and spiritual improvement.
I ate a quarter of the cake.
I spent the whole day cleaning up the room.
I need a painkiller.
You're not gonna die, eh?
She has her faults, but I like her.
There is a book about dancing on the desk.
You're very stylish today.
Wives, submit yourselves to your own husbands as you do to the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife as Christ is the head of the church, his body, of which he is the Savior.
I've never had Chinese food.
Stracciatella ice-cream is nothing but a plain ice-cream with chocolate chips.
I don't know whether he'll come or not.
Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo.
It's better.
He has invited me to attend his wedding.
She has invited me to attend her wedding.
She really is a good lay.
I like to travel.
Today is a boring day.
I need to find something interesting to do.
Come, Emilia! Your father is waiting for you.
Unfortunately, the soup is only warm.
Please replace it.
Should I wait for you tomorrow in front of the opera house?
The revolution ushered in a new era.
Our ancestral home is in Tongli, Jiangsu.
The second lesson is very simple.
What lesson do you like most of all?
Grant us peace!
Give us peace!
The weather is so oppressive.
I like math, it's an interesting subject matter.
With me everything is OK.
I'm only the substitute teacher.
Competence and performance are two different things.
Have you ever taken anything out of the dirty clothes basket because it had become, relatively, the cleaner thing?
Rest in peace.
The correct setting for silverware is the fork on the left side of the plate and on the right side the knife then the spoon.
This CD costs $10.
I like to write poems.
Be cheerful! Add an exclamation mark to all of your sentences!
Indicate by holding up the appropriate number of fingers!
How often do you feel this pain or complaint each day?
He kicked his shoes off without untying them first.
Fur provides animals protection against the cold.
Did you ever have the symptoms which have just been described?
If all else fails, reboot the system.
I struck a match in the darkness.
The cable car wends its way up the mountain just a few meters above the treetops.
The resistance movement has gone underground.
I may win if I have luck.
I may win if I'm lucky.
A passing car hit a puddle and splashed water all over me.
For detecting drugs or hidden explosives, there's no technology that can match a dog's nose.
I must ask you a few questions and take a blood sample.
She tried to stifle a sneeze during the concert but she couldn't hold it back.
Going out drinking with the guys makes him feel macho.
Legend has it that this house is haunted.
If you don't get your act together you won't graduate from high school.
You're going to catch hell from your wife if she finds out.
When your girlfriend finds out about this the shit's going to hit the fan.
Come on Jack, it's Christmas. You've got to get into the spirit of things.
"More coffee?" "No, I'm good."
You can't just make up the rules as you go along.
A pelican can fit a lot of fish in its beak.
The witness perjured herself on the stand.
We are moving toward a dictatorship of relativism which does not recognize anything as definitive and has as its highest value one's own ego and one's own desires.
Not all are called to be artists in the specific sense of the term. Yet, as Genesis has it, all men and women are entrusted with the task of crafting their own life: in a certain sense, they are to make of it a work of art, a masterpiece.
It can be said, in fact, that research, by exploring the greatest and the smallest, contributes to the glory of God which is reflected in every part of the universe.
Please show me your identity card or passport!
Where can we make a phone call?
I simply don't know what to say...
Too much of a good thing is wonderful!
So all you need is good cheese and a jar of black cherry jam.
Guess what they got! A bowler hat for him and leather boots for her!
You'll never take me alive!
The business of the journalist is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of Mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread.
If any man come to me, and hate not his father, and mother, and wife, and children, and brethren, and sisters, yea, and his own life also, he cannot be my disciple.
It's exactly what I wanted.
Do you see the raccoon?
That will change nothing.
The United States are a republic.
I go to bed at 10 p.m.
We'll come and visit you.
I want this one.
All my siblings are taller than me.
I am Thai.
Idiot!
Bangkok is the capital of Thailand.
Stop gawking.
It was difficult to remove the coffee stain.
None of the computers can continue to run with a burnt card.
Those who have a long hair own a blow-dryer.
Those who have a long hair own a hairdrier.
Can I have a cup of tea?
Above all, don't buy anything from him: he's a blithering swindler.
She was born lucky.
Don't you get bored when you're alone?
Have you anything to declare?
Please open your suitcase.
Can you recommend a good restaurant?
I need a knife.
May you have happiness.
All you can do is wait.
Hello, I'm Mike.
He continued walking for some time.
He continued walking for a while.
He was happy for having realized his dream.
I think you've mistaken me for someone else.
You don't give up too easily, do you?
Music has charms to soothe the savage beast.
The victim declined to press charges.
The movie is a harrowing depiction of life in an urban slum.
The skyscraper's elevators ascend at an astonishing rate of speed.
There is to be no fraternizing with the enemy.
My new job leaves me little time to socialize.
The actor's illustrious career was honored at a gala event attended by a bevy of A-list celebrities.
Four or five pens in one's shirt pocket is a dead giveaway for a nerd.
The medication should be administered topically.
I can hardly wait to get home and sleep in my own bed.
I like the crisp taste of menthol cigarettes.
Julio is swinging in the hammock that I hung under the old oak tree.
The cough syrup has a licorice flavoring.
She tossed me grapes and I tried to catch them with my mouth.
You will need to bring two passport-sized photos of yourself taken with a white background.
Intolerance will not be tolerated.
Parallel lines do not intersect each other.
The odds were seemingly insurmountable but he overcame them to win the presidency.
Since we insulated the house we've saved a lot on heating oil.
The district attorney is unwilling to proceed due to insufficient evidence.
Go say goodbye to them before they leave.
We all got in the car.
No one will hold us back.
A black darkness is an example of a pleonasm.
I can go there, wherever you want.
I remember it as if it were yesterday.
One store decided to pull the controversial CD from its shelves.
He who knows does not speak, he who speaks does not know.
I don't have a stamp collection, but I have a Japanese postcard collection that I could use as an excuse to invite him.
I don't have a stamp collection, but I have a Japanese postcard collection that I could use as an excuse to invite her.
Thou shalt not kill.
Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that feareth the LORD, she shall be praised.
Women are a decorative sex. They never have anything to say, but they say it charmingly.
You will fail.
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods. They worship us, and are always bothering us to do something for them.
I have the simplest tastes. I am always satisfied with the best.
Who teaches you?
Do you need money?
People who count their chickens before they are hatched act very wisely because chickens run about so absurdly that it's impossible to count them accurately.
We're all the same according to law.
She said that she would dance with me if I brought her red roses.
Please give me a drink.
I can resist everything except temptation.
The letter returned.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
It's sick.
Education is an admirable thing. But it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
The cat sleeps next to the couch.
How am I close to you?
I love you and vice versa.
It's very hot today.
It will be spring soon.
Love, Jon.
I went to Boston on a train.
The father is very tired.
Aw, my father's going to China.
My father is going to China.
I'm not afraid.
No, it's not.
Fighter jets were scrambled to intercept an airliner that deviated from its flight path.
What color, in numbers?
He doesn't work here anymore.
We don't know anything about him.
He went to London a month ago.
I have bad eyesight.
The difference between a lady and a flower girl is not how she behaves, but how she is treated.
The Cockney mode of speech, with its unpleasant twang, is a modern corruption without legitimate credentials, and is unworthy of being the speech of any person in the capital city of the Empire.
There are some songs from Scotland.
Please tell me how to get to the bank.
Incidentally, this room doesn't have anything like an air conditioner. All it has is a hand-held paper fan.
This bird is a wagtail.
He has such coarse manners!
Press and wait for green.
Fool!
You need the keys?
From the old ox, the young one learns to plow.
My friends gave us a whirlwind tour of Paris.
I'm relieving you of duty.
Keep me apprised of any further developments.
I can help you chart the course, but you have to make the journey on your own.
I hope all but one of your dreams come true, so you always have something to strive for.
My wife is throwing a baby shower for her best friend.
Most souvenir shops are filled with worthless knick-knacks.
We bought our new neighbors a clock as a housewarming gift.
May I ask what you're working on?
Don't kill the messenger.
I wonder if she'll accept a belated birthday present.
"Can I ask you a question?" "Shoot."
We now know that the testimony he gave was coerced.
As the play develops, the real motives of the protagonist become clear.
The talisman he's wearing is supposed to ward off evil spirits.
The church's steeple is beginning to crumble with age.
Streaking was popular back in the 70s.
This whole affair stinks to high heaven.
He winced as the nurse pushed the needle into his arm.
The wounded soldier writhed in pain.
Yolks are yellow.
She sat on the bed as her mother braided her hair.
I didn't factor those variables into the equation.
Extenuating circumstances led the judge to pass a more lenient sentence.
He and he love her and her, respectively.
I bought the MP3 player.
I know whether or not he is an enemy.
I know who my enemy is.
F in hexadecimal is equal to 15.
I have returned.
He managed to climb the mountain.
You have no right to pass judgement on these people.
What is written on the road sign? - ONE WAY.
He wants to get rid of his books.
I was baking a cake.
Did the Indians invent cigars?
I'm sorry, this flight is full.
She felt a bit tired.
Ridiculous!
We both teach each other the language.
Ingo loves her.
Duh.
If the weather is good tomorrow, let's go on a hike.
I have just returned.
Are you ready to study Klingon?
I speak Klingon to you.
Did you fall for her at first sight?
If there was no sun, we would not be able to live.
Prospectuses must be signed by two sponsor representatives.
In case of fire, I would grab my flute and escape.
If you want to master a foreign language, you must study as much as possible.
It's not possible to breathe here.
If my mother had still been alive, she would have helped me at that time.
Had she been alive, my mother would have given me a hand then.
What time do you go to school?
Hi, my name is Omid.
We will be back at half past three.
We sit down at the table.
A square is both a rectangle and a rhombus.
The English team beat the Brazilian team in the international soccer tournament.
I lay a hand on his shoulder.
I want to go with you, but I'm broke.
I'll recommend him as chairman, whether you are in favor of it or not.
The flowers don't look well. I'd like to water them. Is there a watering can?
Would you like to travel to the United States?
Every morning I buy a newspaper at a newsstand.
Through his own efforts and a bit of luck, he won first prize in the contest.
I have to go out to the newsstand to get a newspaper.
Having all of you here is more reassuring than having the police or anybody else.
Harbin is very cold.
It was impossible to understand his questions.
What will you do with this camera?
I'm going to Hanover with you.
It's our duty to always obey the law.
Seen from a distance, she's a beauty.
I'm off to Turkey tomorrow.
Don't put children into the bag.
Is this gift Laura's?
I'll stay home today.
How can things be perfect?
I needed time to convince her.
The university's endowment grew 10% in the last year alone.
He's enamored of the idea of becoming a rock star.
He doesn't want to be encumbered with the responsibility of caring for children.
Every effort he makes falls short in the eyes of his father.
I'm thinking of embarking on a new career.
Mothers used to tell their sons that if they masturbated they would go blind.
If I hear one more peep out of you I'm sending you to your room without supper.
The laws of a land embody the spirit of its people.
He was doubtful at first but soon came to embrace my advice.
The body was burned beyond recognition.
Robert Deniro made a cameo appearance in the movie.
Venezuelans speak with a very musical cadence.
The canteen had not a drop of water left.
A caravan of fifty camels slowly made its way through the desert.
The tornado left a trail of destruction in its wake.
The boxer was pressured to throw the fight.
Alice will tell you that in Wonderland everything is topsy-turvy.
The hypnotist was able to put his subject into a trance.
To be human we must transcend our animal nature.
One does not wear a red mini skirt to a funeral.
In order to swim, you have to learn to tread water first.
A father shouldn't shirk his responsibilities to his children.
Christians view human nature as inherently sinful.
I forgot to shutter the windows before the storm hit.
He shuddered with horror at the grisly sight.
Why did you side with him instead of me?
Raisins are shrivelled grapes.
Have you ever had a heart attack?
It is not meet to take the children's bread, and to cast it to dogs.
He lives outside the city.
I visited her, but she was not home.
I'm visiting her; however, she is not at her house.
He is a doctor and an author.
She owns few books.
She doesn't own many books.
Are you studying or working?
I see a nobleman and a noblewoman.
I see a gentleman and a lady.
The book is white.
The book is big.
The gentleman stood in front of the bank.
I own two books.
That is a little girls' school.
That is a school for little girls.
She needs it.
Life is short.
What's your situation?
You are very dear to me.
Wait a minute.
The contract is invalid if you were forced to sign it.
According to all probability, no language is totally free of loan words.
If you don't like it then you can quit.
A jam is made of strawberries.
Do you live alone?
It's time to go home.
She is Li Ying.
Tomorrow I'm going to Paris.
He asks me to be attentive.
He says that I'm attentive.
Be loved.
My country is the world, and my religion is to do good.
I don't know if it's a bug or not, but this software doesn't work correctly.
I will stay home today.
Yuriko, a marine biology grad student, fell asleep inside a fish tank and awoke covered in octopuses and starfish.
Harold's arm bicycle workout was sufficiently vigorous that his pectorals burst into flame.
The only metal that a metal detector can detect is the metal in another metal detector. That fact was instrumental in my parents' meeting.
"Educational autism" in the California school system apparently has looser criteria than the DSM-IV's series of autistic disorders.
As a punishment, the disgraced Greenpeace volunteer had to scrub oil from an otter's fur with his own toothbrush.
It is impossible to burn a copy of Dante's Inferno because the ice of the ninth layer of hell will put out any fires kindled with earlier pages.
He couldn't fulfill the promise he made to his father.
I remember my childhood well.
Oh, hush!
Do you think such a thing is possible?
Einstein liked to play the violin.
None of the flowers are made of plastic.
He doesn't know any one of us.
Although you can probably guess what's happening.
She hadn't given me her name.
The studio is very small, with no place to hide.
He'd been in Kyoto twice.
The beach, bordering the Gulf of Mexico, teemed with tarballs.
In the attic is my grandfather's old first-aid kit from World War II.
Where can I pick up some souvenirs?
Is this real turquoise? At this price? Come on!
He attempted to climb the fence to no avail.
Not five minutes after he started running, he tripped on a rock.
Harnessing electricity, said the man with the bongos, is a sinful perversion of the earth's resources.
I ran into my teacher just as I left the store.
This product is both a floor polish and a dessert topping.
Kids these days have no imagination whatsoever. Only a nationwide revolution and sweeping economic reform will bring the hoop and stick back into vogue.
One of her choice parlor tricks was to crack walnuts with her quadriceps, to the amazement of even the most seasoned bodybuilders.
The future diplomat to France carved his name and the name of his beloved (a Japanese cartoon character) into the bark of a tree.
All of his friends were body pillows, and all of hers were dolls; so they bonded over their fondness for animating the inanimate. However, because they were not inanimate objects but people with complex emotions, their relationship was sometimes strained.
Keeping Mario in a state in which he can throw fireballs is a delicate process; that newfound power sometimes makes one cocky and careless.
He was excommunicated for serving the Eucharist in highball glasses.
Justine made short work of her opponents in her own personal variant of chess.
Rose, Juniper, Lily, and Camellia were all named after plants, as was Giant Corpse Flower, whose high school experience was far worse than theirs.
A homeless man and a three-year-old boy argued for an hour about whether or not Batman has superpowers, which he does not.
I don't like novels without heroes.
This has nothing to do with me.
Please don't turn up the volume on the television.
Regrettably, I cannot agree with you.
All the elements of a data structure are public by default.
He gave me a nasty punch to the face.
Please tell me your opinion.
The city became popular thanks to the amusement park constructed last year.
That tie really suits you.
He decided that his kielbasa was too dignified for an ordinary bun.
The vodka he had brought to the party contained flecks of gold, which turned out to have been salvaged from discarded electronics, making for a lot of carcinogenic cocktails.
Don't worry about me; hell is where all the interesting people go.
Indulge me with your saucy dating stories.
A gaggle of intoxicated youths stopped to ponder whether there is an Opposite Day in Bizarro World.
Let's play at that beach.
To feather one's own nest.
I'll stay in the house today.
I'm staying at home.
The kernel of the morphism of groups always contains the neutral element.
Bill and John like to get together once a month to talk.
Bill and John like to get together once a month to chat.
If a triangle has two right angles, it's a square missing one side.
I wanted to buy the book.
In a democracy, it is important for journalism to be independent.
You can use English at most hotels around the world.
Ask a policeman!
You have wanted to go there for a long time, haven't you?
A lozenge is a square deformed indefinably, generally by heat.
The library is in the center of the city.
The battery of my MP3-player was empty.
Tastes are diverse.
There is no accounting for taste.
Pharamp cut the cake in half.
In a democracy, it's important for the press to be independent.
From that day on, he'll never say hello to me again.
She's passed an English exam.
Open your book to page ten.
Shit on a Ritz!
I shit on the Eucharist!
Whoa! Where did that come from?
Gabrielle, a striking 6'1" woman, was tired of enterprising young men asking her how the weather was up there.
Did you do it by yourself?
How's it hangin'?
My Japanese teacher used to use a song to help us remember verb conjugations. No one really sang along.
Ain't that America?
He adored his school.
Good friends are one in a hundred.
Every new day you feel good.
That was really interesting.
Bros before hoes.
In all her pompous majesty, carried on the shoulders of the entire football team, stood the de facto queen of the school.
How may I help you today, sir?
You captivated me, dear.
Good luck on the test!
When he heard the whistle, he crossed the street.
What time are you used to going to bed?
The video shows him chugging an entire bottle of whiskey (God rest his soul).
Water is not coming out of the shower.
A language is a key to the heart of millions.
The rose is a flower and the dove is a bird.
I'll call him.
The Black Forest cake is a natural aphrodisiac.
The Black Forest gateau is a natural aphrodisiac.
This fact proves her innocence.
After hours of browsing TV Tropes, Lyle could predict the ending of any show. This gave him a distaste for entertainment that, in a roundabout way, enabled him to make time for a more productive life.
Forget the old saw: some men are, in fact, islands.
Kuma the bear has been wrestling human martial artists to the ground for as long as I can remember.
Do you like this flower?
He's the type of guy who doesn't take women very seriously.
One would like to have a collection of last words of famous people.
He loves to fish.
She loves to fish.
Do you have attacks of dizziness?
She went to bed here, near me.
I'm not such an idiot that I believe you.
Can you solve this problem?
You can't breathe here.
I'll stay at home today.
My doctor has advised me to stop taking this medicine.
Where is he?
This incident is quite uncanny.
I'm travelling to Paris tomorrow.
A hen laid an egg in my closet.
After three full days of interviews we've narrowed it down to two candidates.
Yesterday, I ate an apple.
I couldn't understand a thing from what he said.
I'm about to go out.
I will talk about it with my horse.
I will discuss it with my horse.
Do you often rub it?
The Ghost of Cock Lane is an English ghost story from the 18th century.
The concert lasted about three hours.
They really are wise.
Yesterday I arrived in Tokyo.
Don't touch that.
I was trying to follow her, but she gave me the slip.
Why don't you come to my house in the near future?
And do you know them by face?
I'm older than any other student in my class.
We are never as happy or as unhappy as we imagine.
I saw the dog.
I'm 18 years old.
Yesterday we had a good evening with my brothers and friends, and a very nice barbecue.
Many kiss the hand they wish to cut off.
I'm driving to Paris tomorrow.
I will drive to Paris tomorrow.
You did what you had to do.
I'm sorry, I haven't gotten around to doing it yet.
A warm, lazy breeze wafts across the flat, endless fields.
In the distance I hear a muezzin calling the faithful to prayer.
The sun is beating down and there's no shade in sight.
My dad gives me an allowance of $10 a week.
I found an alcove with a statue of a Hindu deity.
She tried to allay their fears but only ended up heightening them.
Preserves must be stored in a jar with an airtight seal.
The doctor's treatment has only aggravated my husband's condition.
The celebrations culminated in a spectacular fireworks display.
What natural foods help curb the appetite?
The crux of his argument can be found on p. 56.
It was determined that the plane crashed due to pilot error.
The general ordered the deployment of two battalions.
If you really want to get to know a place you have to go off the beaten track.
One of the greatest chapters in the history of western music came to a close with the death of Beethoven.
We should lay down a few ground rules before we begin.
I had a lot of gumption when I was young, but now it seems to have all petered out.
It helps a young man find his place in the world if he has a mentor.
This ticket entitles the bearer to one chocolate sundae.
That new biography of the prince puts him in a less than flattering light.
He may have lowbrow tastes but at least he's not snooty and conceited.
He can do anything he sets his mind to.
I'm open to suggestions.
Who do you live with?
Do not fear the unexpected, but be prepared for it.
You disappear.
My bike is stolen.
She talked incredibly for two hours.
He is responsible for it.
I'm gay! Get over it!
She is responsible for it.
What is this thing used for?
I have succeeded in doing it.
I have done it.
She got married at the age of 17.
I bought a few stamps.
I'll call as soon as I am at the airport.
The barbers around here are not good.
If you make a mess, clean it up.
There's no telling what he'll do next.
Don't come complaining to me when it bites you.
That's one reason why I'll never do it again.
This conversation is being recorded.
I sure hope this is a dream.
Never work on electrical wiring without unplugging it; it's a bad idea. I know from experience.
Sometimes, if I look at a forest of trees, I get in a trance and don't even realize until minutes later.
What's good in the neighborhood?
You're a gentleman and a scholar, my friend.
Hah! I wish my all my textbooks were $40! Some of them are almost $100!
That man was wearing a tiger mask.
The joke about the chicken crossing the road to get to the other side is an example of "anti-humor": meant to be funny because, on the surface, it is not.
Reality has one problem - it is always honest.
Don't be afraid to make a mistake.
True art is theft.
It's not graffiti; it's Banksy!
Each pancake comes with a dollop of suspiciously soft butter in a tiny plastic cup.
Spanish inflects; Japanese conjugates; German declines.
From then on, he made it a rule to put T-shirts only on mammals.
In a cruelly ironic twist of fate, someday Tatoeba will make an example of us all.
The level of unbridled misogyny at the barbershop made me feel as if I had stepped back in time.
Is this French?
We need you to confirm your attendance because places are limited.
I have no plans whatsoever.
Why don't we ask for his advice?
I don't like the substitute teacher.
Recreational drug use inspires many urban legends.
There really was an Alice, but Wonderland is a figment of the imagination.
Todd the squirrel, playing two stereos at once, claims to listen only to "double music."
A four-year-old American tourist was disappointed to realize that, in fact, the Sichuan province is not entirely made of spicy beef, in spite of its famously piquant cuisine.
There is only one true gnosis: that I percept what I percept.
I would like to see my father.
I like sashimi.
By air mail, please.
He believes everything that I say.
I cannot afford buying a used car.
He lived until the age of 90.
The new film was a great success.
I was happy for her unexpected visit.
It would be great if you could sing.
I will never tell it to anybody.
I shall never tell it to anybody.
It was urgent.
It is man's destiny to suffer.
Man is destined to suffer.
The train is 30 minutes late.
The two brothers have died.
You can't bribe that judge.
He called his son James.
The door was not closed.
I look forward to meeting you.
First, we decide on what needs to be decided, then we split into two teams.
"Bonanza" is not about bananas. Or maybe it is. It's a famous western series.
Add 3 spoonfuls of white wine.
There were no customers, so we closed the shop earlier.
More coffee, please.
What is the most beautiful place in the world?
As there were no clients, we closed the shop earlier.
They have to pay in advance.
Why don't you go in my place?
I'm holding a book.
This week is Fire Prevention Week.
The person on the left ruins the balance of the picture.
I leave by train soon.
I arrive by train soon.
The train is leaving soon.
The train is arriving soon.
I'm interested in music.
He attributes his poverty to bad luck.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
The King of France is bald.
What color is your urine: bright, tawny, reddish or golden brown?
Call a taxicab to take us.
The gaunt policeman had a bolt-action rifle slung over one shoulder.
The beggar rattled a few meager coins in his tin can.
Do not fear the heavens and the earth, but be afraid of hearing a person from Wenzhou speak in their local tongue.
Some insist that the Spanish hostel is a pornographic film.
She has a cute giggle.
The stimulus package was heavily criticised.
Orly, Sunday. Parents take their children there to watch the departing planes.
Do that at your own risk.
He flatly rejected that idea.
It's just that easy.
I live in the Pacific time zone in the USA.
Good writing has been going out of style, in favor of texting.
It's not a laughing matter.
He heaped abuse on the rather surprised clerk.
He gets pissed off very easily and yells and screams.
It's a very urgent matter.
It's a very pressing matter.
When was this novel published?
I'm gay, so?
Maybe tonight I'm going to my younger sister's house.
One must be careful about free advice.
In Esperanto an adjective ends in "a." The plural is formed by adding "j."
That word is of Greek origin.
Ah, the coffee is really hot!
My wife hates cats.
I didn't know he had a weak heart.
I remember how he used to be.
London is among the world's largest cities.
The party took place in a big room.
Prices continue to climb.
Our son died in the war.
I'd rather drink coffee than tea.
This is new.
I love to travel.
I have a new bicycle.
My mother is in the kitchen.
There are many different people in Europe.
He asked for a lot of money.
It's hot in Kyoto in the summer.
I don't speak English as fluidly as Naomi does.
I think he's angry.
We don't like our neighbors, and they don't like us, either.
Does your head hurt often?
What's today's menu?
She took a taxi to the museum.
They became nervous.
Let's play, little bro!
I don't have much collaborative spirit.
I don't like playing on a team.
I'd like to be a millionaire.
During the Middle Ages, honor was fundamental to the life of the free man and of the Christian man.
Tell me what movies you guys have seen.
The author is Brazilian.
English is pretty hard, isn't it?
Shall we go together?
Do you speak Esperanto?
For very long?
Fifteen more minutes and I'll be out of here.
Today is McRib Friday.
It's a pretty house.
Why do you use Tatoeba?
You would have to practice the violin every day.
Your daughter isn't a girl anymore.
I cry every time I hear this song.
They constructed a new government.
The telethon is a French TV program organized every year to collect funds in order to finance medical research.
I'm sorry, but I have to go to the gym.
Or are there photographs so obscene that you can't publish them?
Through which city does the Mississippi River pass?
We'll have to celebrate the winter solstice.
Let's put the Christmas tree here.
How many sisters do they have?
This generation of online daters, far more native to the Internet, are a lot less awkward than the first generation.
It's funny how German can take a verb, cut it in half, and spread it over a five-clause sentence.
Even science is not an exact science.
As a matter of fact, he did just catch that bird in midair with his teeth.
Idle hands are the Internet's workshop.
Upon explaining plosives to his class, the linguistics teacher instantly became covered in spit.
The phlebotomist scared herself by practicing her craft on a balloon.
This towel is rough to the touch.
There was nobody in the room.
I usually take a bath at night.
There are no chairs in this room.
In China, we put our family name first, then our name.
I'm speaking with my student.
Come when you have some time.
Are there public restrooms in this building?
Mom and Dad gave me a bicycle.
Go wash up!
Embrace your vulnerability, feel your fear, love fully.
Do you like this garden?
Paris is one of the cities I visited last year.
I love practical jokes.
For what you have written, your reaction is not justified in any manner, and I imagine it can make your life impossible.
Your boyfriend is a problematic person, but that's not a good enough reason to give up or break off your relationship.
What countries formed the Axis Powers in World War II?
In what continent is the Nile River?
Where is the highest point on earth?
Where are you coming from?
We had a fairly good idea what the world thought of the United States. Now we also know what the United States thinks of the rest of the world.
Religion is the opiate of the masses.
If there's no solution, it's because there's no problem.
This sentence isn't very interesting out of context.
The capital of Ecuador is Quito, in the mountainous province of Pichincha.
There are over seven thousand languages in the world.
There are over 800,000 Basque speakers in the world.
Do you really think we'll get it?
I am in favor of a German orthographic reform.
I have to meet him.
We're neighbors.
They watched me in silence.
Would you like to contribute to the program?
100 euros for the whole day.
40 dollars for seven days.
Is this price acceptable?
Will you come with me to the store?
Where can I do some shopping?
Where can you find the closest store?
How much should I pay?
What do you want to buy?
The store also opens at night.
It's a quarter to three.
See you at five.
He'll come at noon.
Today is March 5th.
What is your date of birth?
Shit! You scared me half to death!
You're mistaken. He plays bass, not trombone.
Have you heard? Our neighbor won the lottery, and she's gone to the Bahamas on a luxury cruise.
That man has hit bottom: his wife has left him, he's lost his job, and he's an alcoholic. The worst is that I know him--he used to be my boss five years ago.
Listen! They're playing my favorite music.
The boy stayed quiet.
What do you have to eat today?
No one knew it.
No one said anything to me.
Let's start at the beginning.
I'd rather live in peaceful poverty than in wealth and fear.
I can't speak that fast.
The sky today is blue, without a cloud.
I met him when I was a student.
He quickly adjusted to the new situation.
Yes, it happens once in a while.
He is three years my senior.
Start with books that you can easily understand.
"How do you pronounce the sign @ in this language?" "at"
The island is situated five kilometers off the coast.
So be it.
She was made to learn maths.
There were fifty passengers in the bus.
Tatoeba is a language dictionary.
You can search words, and get translations. But it's not exactly a typical dictionary.
It's all about sentences. Not words.
You can search sentences containing a certain word and get translations for these sentences.
Sentences bring context to the words. Sentences have personalities. They can be funny, smart, silly, insightful, touching, hurtful.
Sentences can teach us a lot. And a lot more than just words.
So we love sentences. But, even more, we love languages.
This is why Tatoeba is multilingual. But not that kind of multilingual. Not the kind where languages are simply being paired up together, and where some pairs are left behind.
Tatoeba is really multilingual. All the languages are interconnected.
If an Icelandic sentence has a translation in English, and the English sentence has a translation in Swahili, then indirectly, this will provide a Swahili translation for the Icelandic sentence.
Languages that would have never found themselves together in a traditional system, can be connected in Tatoeba.
But where do we get those sentences? And how do we translate them?
Obviously, this cannot be the work of one person. This is why Tatoeba is collaborative.
Everyone is free to contribute.
And everyone has the ability to contribute.
It doesn't require you to be a polyglot.
Everyone speaks a language.
Everyone can feed the database to illustrate new vocabulary.
Everyone can help ensure that sentences sound correct, and are correctly spelled.
And actually, this project needs everyone.
Languages are not carved in stone. Languages live through all of us.
We want to capture all the uniqueness of each language. And we as well want to capture their evolution through time.
But you know, it would be sad to collect all these sentences, and keep them for ourselves. Because there's so much you can do with them. Which is why Tatoeba is open. Our source code is open. Our data is open.
We're releasing all the sentences we collect under the Creative Commons Attribution license.
This means you can reuse them freely for a textbook, for an application, for a research project, for anything!
So that's Tatoeba.
But that's not the whole picture. Tatoeba is not just an open, collaborative, multilingual dictionary of sentences. It's part of an ecosystem that we want to build.
We want to bring language tools to the next level. We want to see innovation in the language learning landscape. And this cannot happen without open language resources which cannot be built without a community which cannot contribute without efficient platforms.
That's awesome, right?
It's a hard question.
This is the most beautiful ostrich I've ever seen.
This is the most beautiful bouquet I've ever seen.
The heyday of the Romans is over.
The wedding of the Romans is over.
He bought a thimble.
He bought a foxglove.
The art teacher paints at night.
The art teacher is painting the night.
Learning Klingon will serve him well in his business career.
There are no clocks in my room.
She will cheat him, as so many others.
Jim's coming to the party, too.
I believe this man is lost.
I don't remember exactly.
I believe this lost man.
The maid is confined to her bed.
The good guard reads it.
The strong shall devour the meek's reward.
The future was five minutes ago.
What happens when an unstoppable force hits an unmovable object?
They're here to fix the heating system.
We all consider your idea to be impractical.
We aren't born with the capacity to carry out a happy coexistence.
Since children are more scared than amused by clowns, I wonder if some comedy trope of ours will become horror fodder in 100 years.
The Tequila Sunrise is made with orange juice, tequila, and grenadine.
The Cathares in southern France were called Albigensians.
Seriously, don't be a stranger.
The handyman was supposed to arrive at twelve noon, but got stuck in a traffic jam for a few hours.
The two brothers died.
He'll be seventeen in February.
Tartiflette is a delicious potatoe and reblochon cheese based dish.
The cinema is bursting at the seams.
I read this tome from end to end.
Can you wrap it up for me? It's a gift.
The only way to lose weight is to create a caloric deficit by burning more calories than you eat.
I went to Italy for the second time in 1980.
Ladies and gentlemen, please notify the people to stop contributing to global warming and use nature-friendly equipment.
The German word "Scheibenwischer" means "windshield wiper".
Stir the soup.
I am south of the north.
I am west of the east.
I'm waiting for the train.
It's been a long time since you broke up.
This better not happen again.
I'm fairly certain that it was the elephant.
It's been a long time since he broke-up.
It's been a long time since she broke-up.
There's only one thing we can do now!
Could you be more specific?
Is it the right place to sign up for foreign language courses?
The French language, by the way, is a clear stream that affected writers have never been, and will never be able to ripple. Each century has thrown in this limpid current its fashions, its pretentious archaisms and its preciousness, without anything surfacing from those useless attempts, those powerless efforts. The nature of this language is to be clear, logical and nervous. It won't let itself be weakened, obscured or corrupted.
Thomas is an esperantist, who began learning Esperanto one year ago. Now he already speaks it fluently.
She'll be seventeen in February.
Do you think she's attractive?
Where is the rain?
The problem of many language teachers is that they underrate new technologies in their teaching methods.
You have changed a lot.
I have a brand new pair of socks.
This is how Pandark got lost in his room and noone ever saw him again. Some people say that he died of hunger, some other tell that he still wanders, looking for his CDs.
And this is how Pandark got lost in his room, never to be seen again. Some say that he died of hunger, others that he still wanders in search of his CDs.
Everyone aspires to have a better life.
I talked on the phone.
If cheese is good, but the cake is a lie, what is a cheesecake? A good lie.
Welcome home, little brother!
As always, you have understood poorly!
I don't know how many are going to endure this situation.
This is your waitress uniform.
I have to hurry!
XYZ used to be a good restaurant, but it has gone to seed now.
What are the pros and cons of hitchhiking?
God created man in his own image, God is a warrior.
Waste your pathetic life.
The path is the goal.
The way out is the way through.
Don't do that if you want to live!
We're heading for disaster.
The world is a grand ball in which everyone wears a mask.
Do you think animals have a soul?
Her parents decided that she would play the cello.
The girl who works at the bakery is pretty.
I don't see any difference.
Bad weather is no obstacle.
The door was locked and we couldn't enter.
Get out of here! All of you!
It's raining again.
I don't need him anymore.
What a shame that Andrea left this early.
The accident wasn't your fault.
Don't interrupt me while I'm talking.
It's for you that I have come.
I'm not a bird, though I'd like to be one.
Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina.
Where has she come from?
That plane is enormous!
Come on Tuesday, if it's possible.
He has long hair.
Salt is an indispensable ingredient for cooking.
That girl who wears a scarf is virgin.
They behave towards Muslims in a way in which no Muslim would behave towards an unbeliever.
Do you still collect stamps?
They behave towards Muslims in a way in which a Muslim would never behave towards his enemy.
He's trying to commit suicide.
She's trying to commit suicide.
From chipping come chips.
Why is the tartiflette a lie?
How can it be claimed that tartiflette is a lie?
I just had a snack at the bar.
The shop stays open all day.
I, on the other hand, prefer sweets.
I like to eat sweets.
We have played at this beach.
My mother tried to reconcile the couple.
She got so angry that she belted him in the face with the back of her hand.
Filiberto is a man who is more than forty years old.
It's said that these floods are related to the presence of a god in the area.
The story tells of the ghost of someone who drowned on the banks near a small town on the Caribbean sea.
He is used to such situations.
He is heroic.
Our sister bought some eggplants, potatoes, zucchinis and Chinese cabbage at the market.
I used to stay up late.
I used to stay up long into the night.
Daily exercise is essential for your health.
Dwarf tossing is not an olympic sport.
Management has even cut back on toilet paper since the crisis.
The local newspaper is endorsing the conservative candidate.
Uranium has to be enriched before it can be used in nuclear weapons.
He is a member in good standing.
My little brother ran through the living room stark naked.
Because of the increasing risk of complications the doctor decided to induce labor.
Your drinking is starting to affect the performance of your duties.
You're putting words in my mouth.
I love what you've done with the place.
Your services are no longer required.
They're playing our song.
Take your hat off when you enter a house of worship.
When you catch me off guard, it really puts me on the spot.
I had to get a molar extracted.
Night watchmen drink a lot of coffee.
If a restaurant has valet parking it's probably pretty expensive.
My grandmother is too frail now to get in and out of bed by herself.
No one has come forward to claim responsibility for what happened.
Some months have thirty days, others thirty one.
More than 10,000 people signed the petition.
He gives with one hand and takes away with the other.
Sometimes little kids aspire to be strange things.
Tell it to him, not me!
Come in. I insist.
From that moment on, the town was recognized as Esteban's town.
The women washed him, tried to dress him, and also gave him a new name.
Since his arrival in town, all the women have remained cautious about him.
Filiberto lives in a very large apartment in a city we're not familiar with.
Filiberto just lost his job.
There are two main characters in this story.
Filiberto has two lives.
The main character is a man whose name we do not know.
Happy Mother's Day!
Generally, Americans love coffee.
Do you like to sing?
I've had enough already!
How much does a room cost?
I don't know who should guide me.
I want to have dinner at a restaurant.
The majority of large Japanese companies depend on exports.
I love geography and history.
I'd like more detailed information.
He began a new life.
He is an English teacher.
I'm going to take a shower.
Health over wealth.
A trip to Hawaii costs around 200 dollars.
She explained the literal meaning of the phrase.
What languages are spoken in Canada?
There are few customers today.
100 years is called a century.
He greets everyone loudly.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Life is, in the best case, an ocean of problems.
I'll never find a keyboard patch that actually sounds like an electric guitar.
I liked boring jokes, too.
He was crying.
Hey, are you remotely sane?!
The scent of musk is one of the best smells there is.
Why is that baby crying?
Don't take it seriously. It's a joke.
Four times five is 20.
This is the cheapest shop in town.
Christ on a cracker!
Aren't you excited that Anki is almost ready to update to a stable version 1.2?
A good way to boost reading and listening skills in a target language is to read or listen to the news.
Even people with perfect pitch sometimes have a hard time with Mandarin, let alone Cantonese.
Only in San Francisco are burritos supposed to be that big around.
Anna Freud had a profound influence on Hollywood.
At this rate, even independent film will never reach a true understanding of romance and relationships, so to hell with the movies, let's have dinner.
Is there some gustatory or culinary analog of a novel or film? In other words, can you eat or taste a complete, riveting story the way you can watch or read one?
Is there, for example, a three-course meal that conveys sin, punishment, and redemption?
Paganini dazzled his audience with (among other things) a veritable hailstorm of left-handed pizzicatos.
His style (if you were to call it that) was excessively (though I run the risk of hypocrisy) parenthetical (pardon the pun).
Damn the torpedoes!
No matter how thin you slice it, it's still baloney.
It may never be known how we silly Anglophones got "baloney" out of "bologna."
Conformity is the jailer of freedom and the enemy of growth.
There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there always has been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that "my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge."
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Nero did not actually fiddle while Rome burned.
Yumi went there alone.
I'm worried about you.
Wait five minutes, please.
They have drunk two bottles of wine.
The Van Horn family was rich.
Next spring I want to go to Hawaii.
Dad isn't home.
There still weren't any visible signs of spring.
Every morning he leaves to take a walk.
They didn't play tennis yesterday.
My feet are small compared to yours.
Dog is man's best friend.
Javier turned red.
The steeple of the cathedral of Seville used to be a minaret.
In Spanish, there are many different expressions to indicate changes and transformations.
That girl has become a woman.
In France, advertising of mobile phones directed at children 12 and under is prohibited.
Was last month November?
When I was 10, my brother left our home.
We've arrived pretty quickly, haven't we?
The boy was so tired that he couldn't take one more step.
It'd be better if you would come with me.
Would you tell me your name and phone number?
I've decided to write 20 sentences a day on Tatoeba.
What is two plus two?
Here's where they usually have dinner.
In general, men run faster than women.
It's very dangerous to swim in this river.
In my opinion, Australia is one of the best countries in the world.
What's Ken doing?
You look like an imbecile.
Believe it or not, this woman has three kids.
We've all become communists.
How much time does she need to translate this book?
All of her books are written in Italian.
During the 60s and 70s, she published her most famous books.
Italo Calvino returned to Italy when he was still just a boy.
Italo Calvino was born on the island of Cuba in 1923.
Last week she gave birth to a beautiful baby girl.
He still hasn't responded to my letter.
My friend George is coming to Japan this spring.
He caught a cold.
It's so big!
The little kids were very curious.
She screamed when she saw the snake.
This type of music is not to everyone's taste.
Hate is a cancer on society.
I'll pay with my card.
My friend has proposed to me that I go play in the street.
I'm dying of hunger.
We still don't know the truth.
At the end of his life, Hokusai lived in misery, alone with his daughter, and worked until his death.
The people all praised the emperor's clothes without telling him the truth so as not to seem stupid, until a little boy said, "The emperor is naked!"
Taking photos here is prohibited.
Would you like us to go to the game together?
Do you want to come with me to this concert?
Tomorrow morning, they're selling tickets for the Shakira concert.
I don't ski, but I really like to skate.
She became the director of the cardiology department at the city hospital.
Elisa has enrolled in the anatomy department.
As a girl, Elisa loved to play nurse with her dolls.
I pay in cash.
Take this medicine if you don't feel well.
Don't bother.
The birds used to sing in the trees.
I hope he'll wait for me.
She likes chocolate, too.
Mom, where's my handkerchief?
Stay a little longer.
If I had time, I could help you.
Fine, thanks.
I know he left for London.
Atomic energy can be used for peaceful ends.
Tomorrow he'll play tennis.
I would prefer today over tomorrow.
I'm on my way.
My uncle gave me a gift.
On Saturday, we went to the movies and then to a restaurant.
You've done it very well.
My mother was very pretty when she was young.
Wash your hands before you eat.
He has studied the possibility of a collaboration.
The coffee was so hot that I couldn't drink it up.
How do you calculate the length of the circumference? I've forgotten.
Mrs. Roland, what do you think of this problem?
He used to read a lot.
Thank you for the correction.
He likes jazz and so do I.
All were invited but me.
It's all my fault.
You did a good job.
Have you gone mad?
Have you gone off your rocker?
Have you lost your mind?
She speaks ten languages.
I take a bath every night.
She's on a diet.
He explained it to me.
That was the tiniest cockroach I've ever seen in my life.
When dubbing Japanese TV series in English, characters from Osaka are sometimes given a Texas accent. Both Southern and Kansai accents are distinctive in their respective languages.
Osakans sometimes roll their Rs like in Spanish.
The Kansai dialects are said to have a "sing-song" quality because their pitch accents differ from standard Japanese, which comes from the Tokyo dialect.
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
English is not hard to learn.
Yesterday I finished the job.
When will it begin?
Doctor, my stomach hurts.
It isn't my preferred theme.
Muiriel has promised me that if I read the book "The Picture of Dorian Gray" entirely in English, she will help me with my math homework.
Part of why corn syrup is in everything is because massive corn monocultures have created a surplus that agriculture companies are scrambling to get rid of.
The other part of why corn syrup is in everything is that it's cheap.
We'll do it when we have time.
I understand you.
We'd like to climb that mountain.
You doubt, so you exist.
She doesn't smile for me anymore.
What are little girls made of? Sugar and spice and everything nice.
What are little boys made of? Snips and snails and puppy dog tails.
He had just arrived.
I ran into your girlfriend.
I like you a lot.
I want you so much.
You are taller than me.
I hope we see each other again soon.
She left without saying even a single word.
She signed up for a Spanish course.
At first there will be many unfamiliar words and grammatical forms, but you don't have to be afraid.
Little by little you will begin to comprehend the text without translations or explanations.
Lola the cow, Lola the cow, she's smart and she brings trouble, and she goes mooooo.
We're students.
This flag is very pretty.
Next month it'll be five years since he began playing the violin.
We've eaten pizza and chicken at noon.
He more or less understands his problems.
Do we have to take the bus?
Thank you very, very much!
Don't forsake me!
That'll be seven dollars, please.
I believe in ghosts.
I'm going to go out this afternoon.
Yesterday I went to Disneyland.
Yesterday the alarm clock didn't go off and Kurt didn't wake up.
I think we could be great friends.
I like to go to the movies.
I'll wait for him for an hour.
There's no salt.
Shall I prepare you a warm meal?
The lunar month is shorter than the calendar month.
No, I don't understand Ms. Kunze.
This gives me the strength to go on.
What are you so happy about?
Do you eat bell peppers?
Today I learned a lot of Spanish words and now I know how to say "cheek," "chin," and "knee."
The elbow is the joint between the arm and forearm.
She is a pleasant person.
You began to learn Esperanto.
I would hate to see him mess up one of his butterfly knife tricks.
Jazz isn't dead, it just smells funny.
There, there. It's all better now.
Can you imagine how many Lincoln Logs it would take to build an actual shelter?
He is a pleasant person.
Thanks to Facebook, stalking is no longer the bastion of a few devoted enthusiasts, but a highly automated task convenient enough even for the busy housewife.
A woman whose tongue grew out of the roof of her mouth soon found herself surrounded by overeager linguists.
Someday, dear language learner, you must stop poring over IPA charts and start listening to people.
Tim produced a perfect alveolar trill for a straight minute. The rest of the Spanish class envied and despised this vulgar display of power.
Tatoeba gave Imogen of the Internet a fascinating opportunity to compulsively produce a series of extremely short stories.
Imogen of the Internet wore an eyepatch under her glasses, a look which hipsters would imitate on and off for the next ten years.
Jill of the Jungle could transform into a phoenix, a frog, or a fish. The fish and the phoenix could both fire unlimited projectiles.
He is near forty.
Whenever the school bell rang, Ivan would stare into space and drool. Several failed exorcisms later, his parents realized that he was the reincarnation of one of Pavlov's dogs.
Which food do you think tastes best?
Count to thirty.
It takes time.
Even drunken celebrity tweets look better in 24-point Georgia.
Hide and seek / I count to three / Winter has come
She can play all kinds of instruments, classical or folk.
This shop uses only recycled paper.
I should study now, but I prefer staying on Tatoeba.
Advances in science and technology and other areas of society in the last 100 years have brought to the quality of life both advantages and disadvantages.
Recycling paper is very important.
The library is closing.
It is a good cake.
This tea is very good.
When will you return?
Tomorrow is the last day of school!
At first, they were all convinced he was innocent.
I like my coffee without sugar.
Inner beauty, I'll believe in it when my dick has eyes.
Almost all workers refused to work during the night.
The first of human rights is to shut up!!!
Be at the station at 11 o'clock sharp.
He was in the hot seat.
She had a strange look on her face.
I didn't know she was ill.
Numerous violent and sudden casualties among C++ developers are caused by segmentation faults every year.
She didn't go there yesterday.
Have you got a car?
My grandfather is still strongly anchored in my heart.
This conference attracted 150 diplomats.
All of them are good, so choose three books.
The fortress being out of supplies, its protectors had to give up.
Considering the violence of the impact, he must have died instantly.
I don't have a computer at home.
I can respond to his question.
Throughout my life, I've had the great pleasure of travelling all around the world and working in many diverse nations.
With Esperanto you can communicate equally with people from other countries.
I'd rather be poor than rich.
The knife was so dull that I couldn't cut the meat with it and I had to use my pocketknife.
Don't let the kid play with knives.
Looks like it's snowing, eh?
I feel happy when I'm with you.
I'm 17, too.
Nothing new under the sun.
Show me where Puerto Rico is on the map.
There was lavender in bloom as far as the eye could see.
It is a secret.
He was electrocuted while playing the electric harp.
This town excels in waste separation.
If you're unhappy with your private life, I suggest you register on Facebook. It's the best way to get rid of it.
This summer I went on vacation in Scotland.
A tiger is larger and stronger than a cat.
Please don't interrupt me when I am speaking.
I'll see him next Friday.
She loves her puppy, and the puppy is really lovable.
A taxi is the same as a cab.
Indeed, dwarf tossing is an Olympic sport!
In the summers, I cut clothes at the tailor's shop.
Two male tailors work at the tailor's shop.
They're really good at making clothes.
Please, urinate in this vessel!
We want to analyze your urine.
After filling your pipe with tobacco, tamp it down with your thumb, but don't pack it too tightly.
I'm not flexible enough to sit in the lotus position.
The poem's rhyme scheme is highly complex.
I can pick out only two or three constellations in the night sky.
Planets are easy to identify because they don't twinkle like stars do.
My sister can't start the day without reading her horoscope.
He pissed away his inheritance on booze and loose women.
A customs official asked me to open my suitcase.
I went snorkeling in a beautiful coral reef.
Let me do the talking.
If any harm comes to her, I will hold you personally responsible.
It was determined that faulty wiring was the cause of the fire.
An awning broke his fall and saved his life.
Cats are fickle creatures.
My grandfather died in the same room in which he was born.
My father has a lot of clout at city hall.
For the first month after the accident she could only drink liquids through a straw.
The resistance to theory is the resistance to the use of language about language.
Metaphors are much more tenacious than facts.
Why are there beings at all, and why not rather nothing?
Making itself intelligible is suicide for philosophy.
The most thought-provoking thing in our thought-provoking time is that we are still not thinking.
Death is the possibility of the absolute impossibility of Dasein.
In order to remain silent Dasein must have something to say.
Hegel's philosophy is so odd that no one would have expected him to be able to get sane men to accept it, but he did. He set it out with so much obscurity that people thought it must be profound.
In a calm sea, every man is a pilot.
I will postpone my trip to Scotland until it is warmer.
Praise be to Buddha.
She pricked herself with a needle while embroidering.
I enjoy embroidering.
There were strange things happening there.
The only business of the head in the world is to bow a ceaseless obeisance to the heart.
The creations of a great writer are little more than the moods and passions of his own heart, given surnames and Christian names, and sent to walk the earth.
The official designs of the Government, especially its designs in connection with postage stamps and coinage, may be described, I think, as the silent ambassadors of national taste.
How can we tell the dancer from the dance?
A sadist is always at the same time a masochist.
The great question that has never been answered, and which I have not yet been able to answer, despite my thirty years of research into the feminine soul, is "What does a woman want?"
It is always possible to bind together a considerable number of people in love, so long as there are other people left over to receive manifestations of their aggressiveness.
The aim of all life is death.
Hail, milord.
Every intellectual product must be judged from the point of view of the age and the people in which it was produced.
To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.
A putrid smell came up out of the hole in the ground.
I had to study English.
Are there any other planets on which life can exist?
Do other planets exist, on which life can exist?
From the inside, the Earth is very hot.
Many people in these parts have fallen on hard times.
I'm sure his chemistry teacher would have failed him had they survived the tragic explosion.
Comedy always includes a little tragedy. That's why there are sad clowns.
I'm too cheap to play anything but homebrew PC games.
Her ceaseless caterwauling alarmed every dog within a 500-foot radius.
The seaside resort was so touristy that it actually stood up and walked to Vegas.
His face betrayed his sheer puzzlement.
He had a crush on his Chinese teacher; but what with all the hormones, he had a crush on just about everyone.
May I eat this?
Our car happened to pass theirs by the station.
He raised his hand to stop the taxi.
Laugh is a cure for everything.
Should this be understood in something other than the literal sense?
He makes good use of the pheasants he hunts. He has a purpose for every part of the bird.
I have a friend who's a pilot.
The bandage was wound around the wound.
They were hanging on her words.
We must polish the Polish furniture.
Since there is no time like the present, he thought it was time to present the present.
When shot at, the dove dove into the bushes.
The insurance was invalid to the invalid.
They were too close to the door to close it.
I'm not really sure.
The telephone is ringing.
The cow cast her calf.
It is not a watch.
It's not a watch.
Thank you, sir.
You'll get used to it.
The beer is stale.
Give her the book.
He sings treble.
Maybe some other time.
He is in conference.
Haven't seen you for ages.
Say that again, please.
Everything will be OK.
He likes to throw the bull.
She draws on her socks.
What do you look like?
I have many discs.
My pen is new.
My body is old but my spirit is young.
When the chips are down, the only one you can count on is yourself.
When we stepped off the bus we were immediately surrounded by a throng of children from the village.
The newspaper published a hilarious parody of the president's speech.
He was paroled after having served eleven years of his sentence.
Officers patrolled the neighborhood for a month after the string of robberies.
The devaluation of the currency dealt a crippling blow to the nation's economy.
It's not a question of good or bad but of better or worse.
Please handle it with the utmost care.
Recent advances in medicine will usher in a new age in medical care.
I collected my urine sample in a small, plastic cup and gave it to the nurse.
The French are known, among other things, for their chic urbanity.
You should get that sofa reupholstered.
The automaker will unveil its new line of sports cars tomorrow.
He doesn't like to eat fish.
Though my house was in the path of the tornado it came through unscathed.
I don't dispute the facts you've presented but only the conclusion you draw from them.
Many fear that cuts in the defense budget will undermine the military's effectiveness.
The strange object in the sky could be seen with the unaided eye.
I'm telling you for the umpteenth time - No!
The queen took umbrage at remarks made in the press about her insensitivity to the death of the princess.
A sadist likes inflicting pain; a masochist, receiving it.
The company's insolvency forced it to file for bankruptcy.
Mr. Brown's unique style of teaching left an indelible mark on generations of students.
The result of the experiment was inconclusive.
Haiti is a nation that seems hopelessly impoverished.
The speaker covered the microphone with his hand and whispered something to the woman sitting beside him.
Incest is a taboo found in almost all cultures.
Cars parked illegally on this street will be impounded.
These rights are inalienable.
I was disappointed with the result.
I don't want to jump the gun.
The Prime Minister consistently holds this opinion.
What is bred in the bone will come out in the blood.
Federico said that he would help us finish the painting.
I have received personal information, from a very high quarter, that a certain document of the last importance, has been purloined from the royal apartments.
"The Parisian police," he said, "are exceedingly able in their way. They are persevering, ingenious, cunning, and thoroughly versed in the knowledge which their duties seem chiefly to demand."
I hate quotations. Tell me what you know.
Considering that you have explained it to him many times, he must have already understood it.
He doesn't realize that he doesn't have time for these things.
Although he works and has two kids, he has started studying at the university.
It would be three in the afternoon.
There are more fools than wise men, and even in a wise man there is more folly than wisdom.
Today I shall go visit my friend, who is ill and has to stay home.
He had a weak point --this Fortunato --although in other regards he was a man to be respected and even feared. He prided himself on his connoisseurship in wine.
The gait of my friend was unsteady, and the bells upon his cap jingled as he strode.
"I drink," he said, "to the buried that repose around us." "And I to your long life."
Are there enough chairs for everyone?
The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
A favorite tool in dealing with blatant racism is blatant ableism.
May I pay with a credit card?
Actors and sports stars often parlay their celebrity into endorsement deals.
Does he like oranges?
Do you like oranges?
Do they like oranges?
Greece, conquered, took captive her savage conqueror.
Wow, these are tasty doughnuts!
Feel free to take this.
Time: That which man is always trying to kill, but which ends in killing him.
The saying that beauty is but skin deep is but a skin-deep saying.
As there must be moderation in other things, so there must be moderation in self-criticism.
Every man is free to do that which he wills, provided he infringes not the equal freedom of any other man.
The cost of petrol keeps on going up.
Kaliningrad was once called Koenigsberg.
It is all Greek to me.
What time would it be when we leave the restaurant?
I won't wait for you for any more than ten minutes in the corner at eight. You have to be punctual.
Her silence surprised me.
His silence surprised me.
Yesterday I was in a meeting.
Is this really worth it?
Every girl's crazy about a sharp-dressed man.
Someone's knocking at the door.
A couple more!
Unplug the television and turn off the light.
I like the taste of watermelon.
Would you be so kind as to close the window?
Opportunity makes the thief.
The paper aeroplane slowly glided to the ground.
She postponed her trip to Mexico.
This is the cheapest method of them all.
The world is full of dumb people.
It's no use trying to find people to play Street Fighter with when you can't explain double quarter-circle joystick motions.
The dog buried a frozen burrito in the yard, but only halfway into the ground.
Some of the most sociable people I know have friends both online and off-.
He met his end in a rusty bear trap.
I did not doubt you for a moment.
This is my cat.
Abandon hope, all ye who enter here.
I wonder if there would be so many Japanese translations on this site if it were called "Por Ejemplo."
It's only a matter of time before the meteor strikes.
Paella often includes snails.
This song samples a bunch of old American funk records from the 70s using equipment from the 90s.
Has anyone attempted to "surf" the Internet since 1998?
She is a shining example of absolutely nothing.
I once read an interesting anthology of poetry generated by a computer program in 1984.
This is as good as it gets, kids.
Buckle up, sit down, shut up and hold on.
The Oxford comma is awkward, unnecessary, and cannot be carried over to languages other than English.
White tigers are not albinos. If they were, they would have no stripes whatsoever.
Ah, screw it.
Ellipses have so much to hide....
It's fun to watch nerdy cartoon characters from the 90s brag about how many megabytes of RAM they have, which is usually somewhere around 8.
Imogen of the Internet has only been photographed by cheap webcams and cell phones.
Imogen of the Internet drew a mustache on each of her fingers, outdoing all of her friends, who only thought to draw a mustache on one finger.
Imogen of the Internet looks rather svelte after six hours of Photoshop.
Imogen of the Internet crochets about half of her possessions.
Will it disturb you if I turn on the TV?
Imogen of the Internet has a habit of paying fifty dollars for clothes that are manufactured to look like five-dollar hand-me-downs.
There is no rest for the weary.
Imogen of the Internet is fighting six bored housewives to win an eBay auction for a bag of premium chai tea.
Imogen of the Internet is not yet notable on Wikipedia, but it is one of the many things she aspires to.
Most of his posthumous fame came from his autopsy results.
That finch is performing its cute little dentistry on a crocodile over there.
She had a lazy eye.
I'm afraid you'll need more than a conical hat to be a real wizard.
The United States and Britain have different sign languages. Mexican Sign Language also differs from Spanish Sign Language.
This controller has accelerometers in it so it can send a farewell transmission as your child chucks it out the window.
It still amazes me what she could coax out of table scraps.
Jane never backs down.
She always wins arguments.
While we were discussing the situation, Terri broke in to give her opinion.
The police are checking up on the bomb threats.
She faints all the time.
Keep the cat off the couch.
I'm looking for my keys.
Have you seen them?
I saw Tom and Mary making out in the movie theater last night.
After battling cancer for several years, he finally passed away at the age of 87.
The neighbors told us to quiet down last night or they would call the police.
I wouldn't rule out the possibility of moving to another country if I get a good job offer.
I don't think he killed those men.
Somebody set him up.
Would someone shut him up?
He's talking so loudly that we're going to get in trouble.
The child ran away because her parents beat her.
How's the research paper coming along?
Why don't you come over after work for dinner?
Unfortunately, my trip to Indonesia fell through because I couldn't save enough money.
I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints.
My mother told me that the only thing he could give me was a reputation.
George Bush thought it would be relatively easy to win the hearts and minds of the Iraqis.
She showed up at the party looking like a million dollars.
Faith is believing what you know ain't true.
The president's off-the-cuff remarks have gotten him into hot water.
I want to want what you want.
The government hopes that lowering its carbon emissions will set an example and that other countries will follow suit.
The first naked woman I saw was in a National Geographic magazine.
I'm double-parked. Could you hurry it up?
This article analyzes both the benefits and the drawbacks of reducing military spending.
A dreary landscape spread out for miles in all directions.
Can you spin a basketball on your fingertip?
It looks like the data you lost on your computer is irretrievable.
They took a two week vacation on Phuket island in southern Thailand through a travel agency.
The pastor gave a fiery sermon that left the sinners among them shaking in their boots.
What he saw wasn't a ghost but just a figment of his imagination.
It's nice meeting you.
Suits me fine.
Yes, certainly.
He is at her side.
He's at her side.
Please show me the menu.
After a brief speech the mayor fielded questions from reporters.
The two mirrors facing each other created a repeating image that went on to infinity.
People with amputated limbs continue to feel them as if they were still there.
He's just gone on leave.
Used car salesmen are a disreputable bunch.
He didn't divulge the information, not even under pain of torture.
My phone was out of order.
The tall man wore a pink carnation in his lapel.
She pooh-poohed the idea with a disdainful wave of her hand.
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is there to hear it, does it make a sound?
A loud noise jolted me awake from a deep sleep.
The monks chanted a mantra in unison.
The train belched clouds of black smoke into the air as it chugged away.
The argument is rigorous and coherent but ultimately unconvincing.
A friend of mine commissioned a well-known artist to paint a portrait of his wife.
One should be respectful of other's beliefs rather than mock them.
The military engaged the enemy five kilometers south of the capital.
A musician friend of mine gave an impromptu performance of a piece he had just finished composing.
I asked him if I could read his book.
Six divided by two is three.
He jumped onto the table.
Last night there was a full moon.
His hat isn't on straight.
He studies Chinese as well.
He is my senior by two years.
He's my senior by two years.
Violin, piano and harp are musical instruments.
Doesn't it look like a mirror?
Stay quiet for a moment.
That suits me all right.
It's much more convenient.
He's two years older than me.
I don't think you ought to.
We started at six.
I admit I'm wrong.
Rice is cultivated in several parts of the world.
He made a huge mistake.
What's essential in education is not the doctrine that is taught, it's the awakening.
Pleasure is always in the past or in the future, never in the present.
I'm convinced that today the majority of Americans want what those first Americans wanted: A better life for themselves and their children; a minimum of government authority.
I'm not working on Mondays.
In Scotland you can get a deep-fried Mars bar in a chippy.
If I were young, I would go abroad.
Many flowers start blooming in springtime.
April showers bring May flowers.
Grandpa was a real curmudgeon to the very end.
The President has fled the capital.
Wars don't simply start like winter starts, but rather it is people that start a war.
I bought forty dollars' worth of gasoline today.
I'm smarter than the average bear.
Immaculate conception simply means that the Virgin Mary herself was born without original sin. Virgin birth is how Christ came about.
I don't have time for you.
Nobody has deleted this sentence.
Are you a wizard?
What would happen if two powerful nations with different languages - such as United States and China - would agree upon the experimental teaching of Esperanto in elementary schools?
Can you also count in Italian?
My train leaves at six o'clock and arrives there at ten o'clock.
Do you like plum-cake?
The crops need rain.
Can you count in Italian?
I know the feeling.
My watch is five minutes slow.
Greet her, if you see her!
You will have to wait and see.
You'll have to wait and see.
The child will be six.
I've worn holes in my socks.
You have put your hat on backwards.
I have no idea of what to do.
He is a tall boy.
He's a tall boy.
The book was published posthumously.
I don't know what to write in this sentence.
I do not know what to write in this sentence.
I can't bear the thought of her with another man.
If actions mean more than words, why is the pen mightier than the sword?
Johnny, please read the penultimate paragraph.
The word 'sesquipedalian' is an example of the very thing it means.
The phrase 'honest politician' is an oxymoron.
In English at least, the name of all the continents end with the same letter that they start with.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
There is no room for a vacuum in a continuum.
Whether a dough is a success only depends on the quality of the flour, never on Qdii's cooking skills.
The gazing populace receive greedily, without examination, whatever soothes superstition and promotes wonder.
Methinks I am like a man, who having struck on many shoals, and having narrowly escap'd shipwreck in passing a small frith, has yet the temerity to put out to sea in the same leaky weather-beaten vessel, and even carries his ambition so far as to think of compassing the globe under these disadvantageous circumstances.
Nothing is more dangerous to reason than the flights of the imagination, and nothing has been the occasion of more mistakes among philosophers.
Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous.
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.
A wise man, therefore, proportions his belief to the evidence.
The Christian Religion not only was at first attended with miracles, but even at this day cannot be believed by any reasonable person without one. Mere reason is insufficient to convince us of its veracity.
Nothing appears more surprising to those, who consider human affairs with a philosophical eye, than the easiness with which the many are governed by the few; and the implicit submission, with which men resign their own sentiments and passions to those of their rulers.
It is a great mortification to the vanity of man, that his utmost art and industry can never equal the meanest of nature's productions, either for beauty or value.
Beauty is no quality in things themselves: It exists merely in the mind which contemplates them; and each mind perceives a different beauty.
Rousseau was mad but influential; Hume was sane but had no followers.
It is not from the benevolence of the butcher the brewer, or the baker that we expect our dinner, but from their regard to their own interest.
As soon as the land of any country has all become private property, the landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed, and demand a rent even for its natural produce.
We rarely hear, it has been said, of the combinations of masters, though frequently of those of the workman. But whoever imagines, upon this account, that masters rarely combine, is as ignorant of the world as of the subject.
No society can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the greater part of the members are poor and miserable. It is but equity, besides, that they who feed, cloath and lodge the whole body of the people, should have such a share of the produce of their own labour as to be themselves tolerably well fed, cloathed and lodged.
The violence and injustice of the rulers of mankind is an ancient evil, for which, I am afraid, the nature human affairs can scarce admit a remedy.
Our seamen have always been famous for a matchless alacrity and intrepidity in time of danger; this has saved many a British ship, when other seamen would have run below deck, and left the ship to the mercy of the waves, or, perhaps, of a more cruel enemy, a pirate.
Fraud and deceit abound in these days more than in former times.
Law is the safest helmet.
The house of every one is to him as his castle and fortress, as well for his defence against injury and violence as for his repose.
He is not cheated who knows he is being cheated.
The royal navy of England hath ever been its greatest defense and ornament; it is its ancient and natural strength; the floating bulwark of our island.
That the king can do no wrong, is a necessary and fundamental principle of the English constitution.
It is better that ten guilty persons escape, than that one innocent suffer.
It is a general popular error to suppose the loudest complainers for the publick to be the most anxious for its welfare.
People crushed by law, have no hopes but from power. If laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to laws; and those who have much to hope and nothing to lose, will always be dangerous.
Bad laws are the worst sort of tyranny.
The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion.
You can never plan the future by the past.
They made and recorded a sort of institute and digest of anarchy, called the Rights of Man.
Those who have been once intoxicated with power, and have derived any kind of emolument from it, even though but for one year, never can willingly abandon it.
There is nothing that God has judged good for us that He has not given us the means to accomplish, both in the natural and the moral world.
The first and the simplest emotion which we discover in the human mind is Curiosity.
No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear.
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
All who have ever written on government are unanimous, that among a people generally corrupt, liberty cannot long exist.
Superstition is the religion of feeble minds.
He's got a boy-next-door look about him.
When leaving from the gulf of Otranto, we were thirty; but when arriving in Cadiz, we were ten.
Superstitions derive from the inability of men to acknowledge that coincidences are merely coincidences.
Make sure you cut the board against the grain.
Don't you want to come along?
Imogen of the Internet, in an attempt to save the earth, sketches exclusively in oekaki chatrooms instead of on paper.
Imogen of the Internet calls people out for openly liking the same fan fiction that she does secretly.
Have you got that in stock?
He's offered to help.
Ladies and Gentlemen, now we will start the movie.
All that you said in the mail is correct, except the price.
The doctor warned me to stay away from booze.
In contrast to yesterday, it isn't hot at all today.
You have to keep your promise.
She had to stay in the hospital for 6 weeks because of her illness.
I thought your remark was interesting.
Wouldn't you like to drink some tea?
Japan is a country in which there are many earthquakes.
Did you all clean your room?
He'll help you if you ask.
He works in that lab.
Everyone is smiling in the picture.
How does this work?
There is no honor among thieves.
My neighbor's dog is dead.
I haven't seen him for a very long time.
I have to clean up my apartment.
"That shan't happen again," Fortunatus said to himself, and they started to ride at each other again. This time, Fortunatus's spear met his foe so powerfully that he flew from his horse like a ball and lay dead on the earth.
I don't like to speak in front of people.
I often went skiing in the winter.
He went bankrupt.
Where is the washroom?
Intonation is a notoriously difficult part of a foreign language to acquire.
As she was really busy, she couldn't come.
Don't forget to send that letter.
Again, the toddler says, "no, I won't" as he is wont to do.
How can you have a belfry without bats?
Warning: unsupported characters are displayed using the '_' character.
She's a few fries short of a Happy Meal.
The American tourist insisted on gelato, for he was too hipstery for regular ice cream.
One gladiator's weapon of choice is the mace, while the other's is a sword.
The cat is under the chair.
In one of my most loathed fever dreams, I had to unscramble a block of dry ramen with my mind.
Tatoeba is just Twitter for language nerds. I eagerly await tempestuous floods of snarky hashtags in every sentence.
Subjective reality is whatever the hell I want it to be.
Stravinsky's The Rite of Spring caused riots at its 1913 premiere. These days, of course, music is only capable of causing angry YouTube comment threads.
A katydid's ears are in its knees.
I'm careful when I zip up my jeans, not to pinch myself.
I like music and English.
Your eyes are like pools of eyes.
A body of researchers funded by Frito-Lay are attempting to compile a list of bite-size snack foods through which the body and blood of Christ can transubstantiate.
To the chagrin of young job seekers the world over, McDonald's now requires a bachelor's in philosophy for its cashiers.
In this family, jokes are not laughed at but rejoined with other jokes.
"I Love You" is the title of more songs than anyone can sing in her lifetime.
From the coffee table photo book to the bathroom factoid anthology to the bedside escapist novel, American literature is designed to match the furniture.
Crowd sourcing varies from person to person.
I'd go to the goth club more often, but my outfits are depressingly cheerful, not cheerfully depressing.
You have helped me so much, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude.
His first work gained great popularity among people.
His words set everybody roaring with laughter.
You can go to prison for that.
He was sent to prison for armed robbery.
He's currently in prison for tax fraud.
Has prison changed him?
Has prison changed her?
Has prison changed them?
Has prison changed these people?
The people who stay in prison are called prisoners.
She could face a ten-year prison term.
He could face a ten-year prison term.
They could face a ten-year prison term.
Adam spent 3 years in jail for drug possession.
She's been sent to jail for murder.
Stuart handed me a piece of paper with an address written on it.
He sat down and read the paper.
The story was in all the papers.
Is that today's paper?
We had to show our papers at the security desk.
His private papers include a diary of his first year in parliament.
Some important papers are missing from the files.
Please hand your papers in now.
He has published many papers on the subject.
Leading scholars have been invited to present papers at the conference.
Someone who is misanthropic dislikes people and avoids social situations.
I want to drink a coffee.
The definition of 'family' has changed over the years.
We need a clear definition of the concept of human rights.
Some of the photographs lack definition.
A dictatorship means, by definition, one centre of power.
A dictatorship means, by definition, one center of power.
Do you take sugar in your coffee?
Two coffees, please.
We need some more coffee.
I poured myself a glass of whisky.
Two large whiskies, please.
He gave several examples of how we could change things.
She gave several examples of how we could change things.
You have to see it to believe it.
This sentence has a predicate but no subject.
No one has yet found the fountain of youth.
You should be setting a good example for your younger brother.
He followed his sister's example and demanded more money.
With his enthusiasm and determination, he's an example to the rest of the team.
We want the government to serve the whole nation.
Marge works for the Royal Bank of Scotland.
I need to go to the bank this morning.
A man was fishing on the opposite bank.
The library has a valuable bank of old documents.
You can borrow a copy from any public library.
We had lunch at a little coffee shop.
Isn't he Italian?
Who told you this?
When did you finish your studies?
I learned it from him.
Red-haired people tend to have freckles.
I wish the fedora would come back in style.
A bad writer's prose is full of hackneyed phrases.
I learnt it from him.
She's so gullible she'll believe anything you tell her.
She's a fixture at all the high-society parties.
Everyone was just flabbergasted that she was able to get pregnant at 48.
A little, old woman foiled the robbery by whacking the thief on the head with her cane.
Any play opening to bad reviews won't last long.
We took refuge in a cave and waited for the storm to pass.
He marches to the beat of a different drummer.
The judge recused himself from the case because of a conflict of interest.
A portion of the proceeds will go to benefit children with disabilities.
We picked the number at random.
Racial profiling is a controversial police tactic.
A quartet has one more member than a trio.
The punishment should be proportionate to the crime.
People with physical disabilities abhor being pitied.
The president wants to jump-start the sluggish economy by lowering taxes.
The middle finger is the longest.
I just got your letter yesterday.
Knowing that you're doing fine over there, I'm really pleased for you.
I haven't heard from you for a long time.
I'm just wondering how you are getting on and if you have adjusted to the new environment.
Sorry I haven't replied to your letter earlier.
I've been really busy with my graduation dissertation recently.
Please give my regards to your family.
Many Americans insist that immigrants speak English, but wouldn't a true language purist insist on Old English, wynns, thorns, edhs and all?
I haven't the foggiest.
Why do you have to do it?
Do you think it'll work?
And you, how's it going?
Who do you talk to?
So where did you live?
Is this sentence in the present perfect or simple past?
He's not a boy anymore.
I don't understand him sometimes.
He's a little like his father.
He visited Japan when he was president.
I'm beautiful.
Her eyes were full of tears.
We have three planes.
There are hundreds of books in his studio.
It's an excellent wine.
I need three hours to write this letter.
You'll need a ticket to travel by bus.
He is painting a picture.
School starts at nine.
How was the weather yesterday?
Everything's in order here.
I want to ask you something, Ms. Ionescu.
I think I understood.
I am Antonio.
My name is Luis.
I know that.
It was all delicious!
My, how she eats!
I study at the University of Hyogo.
I'll see you at the library tomorrow.
Her legs are long.
Anita washes the tub.
I have to tell him something.
I'm reading a book about languages.
It's so hot in Havana!!!
I wrote him a friendly reply.
No, I agree.
I blacked out.
His dad calls him Tom.
Don't reach for the moon, child.
She gave him some money.
But where are the snows of yesteryear?
Life is too short to worry about things like that.
Yesterday I ate 10 skewers.
Could you cook a skewer for me, please?
Do we really want all these cars polluting the air?
She breathed in the cold air.
I'd like to open the window: I need some air.
A blast of cold air swept through the house.
They threw their hats up into the air.
The baby waved its legs in the air.
His jokes really slay me.
I told William, but he didn't believe me.
Like all dogs, he'll chase a rabbit if he sees one.
Everyone has a right to say what he thinks.
The property must have been nearly a thousand acres all told.
I can't tell you how sorry I am.
She threatened to tell on me.
You promised you wouldn't tell.
These endless business trips are telling on his marriage.
The strain of the last few days was beginning to tell.
Peter could tell that she was bored.
It's never easy to tell whether he's being serious or not.
He's lying, I can always tell.
Can you tell butter from margarine?
They're so alike I can never tell one from the other.
These days it's hard to tell the difference between political parties.
I told you it wouldn't work.
Do as you're told this minute!
You will be told where to sit.
I told you to be here on time this morning.
I told him what to do, but he wouldn't listen.
I'll tell you one thing: I wouldn't like to have his job.
Something tells me we haven't heard the last of him.
You can always rely on Jane to tell it like it is.
Tell me, what's she really like?
I'm so overworked.
They said I was their best worker.
David tells me that you're leaving.
The children are learning to tell the time.
Josh asked me out, but I told him where to go.
I kept telling myself that it would all be over soon.
To tell you the truth, I'm completely bored.
You can never tell how long these meetings will last.
This is so boring.
You're telling me.
What hurts you?
Our car will run out of petrol in 2 minutes.
I want to go to see a movie.
I want to go to see a film.
Bela Lugosi acted in several films.
Bela Lugosi acted in several movies.
The book I read yesterday was really interesting.
I was impressed by the new MP3 player.
We have enough on our plate at the office.
Both of these are Song Dynasty block-printed editions.
I'm Italian.
I am Italian.
I'd like to understand how commerce works.
Lots of companies have implemented an eight-hour working day.
After work, I go right home.
Let us go forward together.
Let me write it down so I don't forget.
They don't realize that they're being used as pawns to obtain a wider political objective.
The style of this item of clothing is good; it's just a bit expensive.
I'd certainly like to go and watch the match; it's just that I'm not sure if I have time.
It's still not certain who's going to win this match.
I haven't seen Xiaowang for a month now; perhaps he's already gone back to his own country.
What time will you go home today?
My work at the TV station is handling letters written in by viewers.
Today I haven't dealt with the things I wanted to deal with; I'll have to work overtime again.
The population of China has already exceeded 1.3 billion.
This year, the speed of development in our company far exceeds that of last year.
If you want to set your mind at rest and relax at home, first you have to not think about work matters.
With the T.V. on, how can you keep your mind on your studies?
In the United States, fluoride is added to the drinking water.
These days many young people work without much focus; my friend's son hadn't gone two years after graduating before he'd changed jobs five times.
In other aspects, the results of Laowang's health examination were all quite normal; it was just that his blood pressure was a bit high.
This year's weather isn't very typical.
Our company's technology has already reached the level of a developed country in the 1990s.
No matter how hard I strive, I fail to achieve my parents' requirements.
Chinese is too easy to learn.
I can already write in Chinese.
I come from China.
For this race, people under the age of 35 (including 35) join the young people's group; people from 36 to 50 years old join the middle-aged group and people 51 or over join the elderly group.
In China, children shorter than 1.1m don't need to buy a ticket to travel by train.
Whilst at university, Xiaowang held the post of class monitor.
From graduation to retirement, Laowang worked as a teacher without intermission.
During the probation period of my friend's new job, each month's salary is 3000 RMB; once the probation period has been fulfilled, each month's salary is 3500 RMB.
I can't write in Chinese.
I've got two books.
Those who know do not talk. Those who talk do not know.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
Imagine there's a war and no one shows up.
May I have a straw, please?
The calzone is a pizza-like turnover, filled with tomatoes and cheese, whose name comes from an Italian word for "pants."
He's on the playground, surrounded by 12-year-olds twice a day, five times a week! How do you expect him to be mature?
What a load of horseshit!
Kirby's quintessentially Japanese cuteness is almost incomprehensible to his American audience, who satirize him as a dark and gloomy character constantly, almost as a reflex.
There was a version of the King James Bible for the original Game Boy.
Big things come in small packages.
Chimpanzees have been known to maul their owners.
A black panther can be a jaguar or leopard, but in either case it has a gene that causes it to produce more melanin than other specimens.
When submitting a new sentence, feel free to add usage notes or tag requests in a comment below it.
Bonobos often use sexual behavior, sometimes homosexual, sometimes heterosexual, for social negotiation.
What time is your Basque class?
What's your favorite music?
What genres of music are you into?
John doesn't know how to play the guitar.
Lie to me again. In this case I'd prefer not to know the truth.
The baby needs his mother.
I was born in Barcelona on March 23, 1969.
Do you know of any good dentists?
Many fish swim in the river.
I'll wait for you in my room.
Please excuse me, I have to leave.
See you Sunday at three.
He had discovered a new star.
"Where is her book?" "It's on the table."
I asked her what kind of music she liked.
People sometimes ask me what I'm going to do when I retire.
What about?
Harry, I'm worried.
What was the weather like?
I told him what the problem was.
We suddenly realized what was happening.
I haven't even thought about what I'm going to wear to the dinner.
He doesn't know what to do.
You haven't given me what I asked for.
What you need is a good long holiday.
What annoys me is the way he boasts about what he's done.
George always does his best, and that's what I like about him.
This sentence needs to be checked.
Tom eagerly finished up what was left of the champagne and chicken pie.
What little free time he had was spent with the family.
You mean he can't read or write?
Are they still in bed?
What a nice surprise!
What a nuisance for you, having to make all these changes.
Whenever he adopts a new business strategy, his employees fear for their jobs.
In many cultures, accountants aren't thought of as an exciting lot.
Dyes and other food additives are notorious amongst supporters of organic food.
Adopting a child is a tough decision with plenty of bureaucracy to wade through.
Averages come in three flavors: mean, median, and mode.
My grandfather, who collected baseball cards as a kid, used to compare batting averages between players. He started a lot of arguments with his friends that way.
We used to meet at that pleasant spot.
He spoke of sex in a rather businesslike manner, which was how he tried to avoid talking about his problems with intimacy.
Centrists can be just as extreme as activists on the far left or right.
Early American colonists often had extremely strict work ethics inspired by their unique take on Christianity.
The baby is crowning! It's almost over!
Fans of the original comic had a field day with the myriad continuity issues of the movie adaptation.
Her coloring book lay limp, jagged with angular pink scribbles.
Single dads are becoming more and more vocal in the U.S.
The rationale behind certain New Age treatments can be dangerously wrong.
Much of the riots' coverage was taken from the cell phones of passersby, saving local news outlets valuable film which they would later use for banal "human" "interest" "stories."
The departmental heads, lost in petty argument, could not reach a cohesive decision.
Death before dishonor!
Don't be disrespectful to your mother!
In the U.S. it is disrespectful to slurp while eating noodles, but in Japan it is considered polite and even flattering.
Be sure to clear the lint trap before you run the dryer. Otherwise, you might start a fire.
Elevens have to be timed well in craps.
His eights looked like lowercase Gs.
She was born with underdeveloped lungs, but eventually a few steroid shots set her straight.
Even his everyday speech was an off-the-cuff, tangential, disjointed narrative.
Who are you to address me so familiarly?
The senator favors a policy that would leave me and thousands of my peers without a job.
Shortly before her fiftieth birthday, she received the news about the birth of her grandchild.
Librarians are woefully underutilized.
In a lawless outpost deep within the desert, everybody wore football shoulder pads and mohawks.
Mars has two moons: Phobos and Deimos.
Her standards for men are impossibly high, thanks to a girlhood rich in Disney, Cosmopolitan, and private school.
I was picturing a completely different concept, but I like where you're going with this.
Every time I attempt to teach myself C++, I get stuck on pointers.
She gave him a few pointers on pronunciation.
Hollywood guns have unlimited ammo, so of course all the bad guys can afford to be such bad shots.
He disregards his wife every time she asks to cuddle.
Henry populated his model train set with little plastic animals from the dollar store.
Astonish your friends by teaching your dog to do backflips!
I'm totally boned!
His sexist slur was broadcasted across the country.
How many more Christmases must we go hungry?
The United States boast some of the world's cleanest food.
Alana and Nila went clubbing the other day.
Stop clubbing the suspect and let him talk already!
I can hear her drumming from five stories below!
The manager dismisses someone almost once a month now, and I don't know how we can flip burgers any faster or better or with more team spirit or whatever it is that he wants.
The waistband has lost its elasticity and now it's all crumbly and itchy.
Some electricians learn their trade within an apprenticeship system instead of going to college.
She enclosed a little dark chocolate in her valentine.
Unsaturated fats are essential to a healthy diet.
This is a rather fatty cut of meat.
Nate has the fiercest attitude of his whole squadron.
I always laugh at funerals.
It's better to stay in her mother's good graces.
We used to play over by that grassy knoll.
I find that I get the best flavor by grinding fresh peppercorns.
Lupe grinds the piloncillo into a fine powder.
Tim's uncle was a machine gunner on a helicopter in Vietnam.
Those little yogurts may be guiltless, but do they really taste like key lime pie?
El Carnicero harvests organs and disposes of bodies for a living, working in the shadows, unlike many of his associates.
He often hastens physical intimacy, much to the chagrin of his dates.
I'm sick of playing these goddamn guessing games with you.
Arroz negro tastes inky because it's made with squid ink.
My fingers are all inky from the tragic calligraphy accident.
How many milligrams are you taking right now?
It's offensive how inoffensive you are!
His unrelenting mildness infuriates me! Where is his drive? Where is his passion?
This hallway keeps narrowing as I go farther and farther in.
The editor often omits those little details that make the author's points logically sound.
His code's readability drowned in a riptide of nested parentheses.
Nested dolls are a telltale Russian export.
Frankie parceled out soup for each of the homeless men.
He patterned his stage persona after anime characters.
A litany of taste tests enabled Hugo to distinguish between a variety of pastes.
Her husband occasionally pauses mid-sentence, and then simply leaves.
Beating the game without continuing unlocks the secret character.
He bore an unmistakable reference to his father. It made his mother cry.
Few things can match the unmitigated fury of child preachers.
By pooling their money, they were able to afford a new computer for the office.
Jane radioed the dispatcher for backup.
The energy of his lines and the rawness of his strokes place him firmly in the modern art canon.
Moira refreshes the page every 3 seconds.
How many sacrificial lambs do we need to bring the rain back?
Scented soaps tended to make her skin itch.
Whips can have one or many tails.
This is a support group for widows.
She decorated her notebook with gum wrappers so the cover was all shiny.
What are the zeros of this parabola?
Half the pain of chest waxing is in the anticipation.
Visualization, a favorite tool of the psychologist, cannot solve all problems, but many so-called positive thinkers seem to think that it can.
She was visibly afraid to be here.
This violates about a million penal codes and every holy book there is.
Tragedy is a powerful unifying factor for a nation's people.
The call was traceable to an address in south Detroit.
This is a topical cream, not a toothpaste, so I hope your gums are free of hemorrhoids.
Taping a woman's wrists together is not first date activity.
His successors slowly undid his popular economic reforms.
Rightists often dislike regulatory legislation.
Some humorists do randomness right, and some are breaded and lightly fried with herbs.
The advisory board had a lot of qualms about her latest album, which she ended up releasing independently.
She works as an advertiser at a New Jersey firm.
Mariela had a terrible time with her college advisors, who were worse at keeping her schedule together than she herself was.
Sony ambitiously revealed its newest project early in order to take competitors by surprise.
Could you have afforded another TV at a time like that?
Quit wallowing in your postmodern, wangsty aimlessness and stand up for something!
Lyle is getting angrier by the second.
Apologizing isn't going to heal hundreds of second-degree burns, sir.
The new CEO opened up a lot of avenues for partnerships.
The lumberjack had a variety of axes for different jobs.
This has to be graphed on three axes, so go ahead and whip out your laptops, kids.
An exclusively behavioral approach to psychology ignores family problems, school situations, and a host of other issues that can adversely affect a child's emotional and psychological growth.
He exhibited a number of behaviors typical of his diagnosis.
An inch is now precisely 2.54 centimeters.
Treasure chests abound in the dungeon, but so do horrible monsters.
Thanks to the Internet, the world is beginning to turn away from the centralization of resources and power that characterized the Industrial Revolution.
Proponents of a newer study classify the golden-bellied mangabey as a distinct subspecies.
The closeness of their relationship was too much for him and his busy schedule.
Each picture in the blog includes textual descriptions for blind readers.
Everything this boy says oozes discontentment. I have to wonder about his parents.
Wes dug through the unclaimed baggage, looking for something to pawn.
She was uncommonly witty and charming.
The cherry cordials are her favorites out of the whole chocolate box.
After a failed soldering job, this computer is a bit less than fixable.
The freshest of all scents, if it exists, is definitely not laundry soap.
These gatherings always get rowdy after hours, when the boss breaks out the single-malt scotch.
That's fine by me.
Night has fallen!
I studied around the clock.
I often go out with friends in the evening.
I applied for a summer internship.
This novel is very difficult to understand.
The same force spread over a smaller area will produce more pressure.
You can't get the suitcase closed because you've stuffed too much into it.
He tells a new lie to cover up those that came before.
Moses came down from the mountain bearing divine commandments.
The report gives a sober assessment of the current state of science education in the US.
The assassin smothered his victim with a pillow.
Her slurred speech was an indication that she was drunk.
The slippery snake slithered right out of his hand.
You have the right to free speech, but not the right to slander.
A heavy stone slab was lowered over the grave.
Quite a few shingles flew off the roof during the storm.
He's gone into hiding.
Would you like to do the honors?
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
You sure ruffled her feathers with that anti-feminist joke.
Real friends stick together through thick and thin.
The Brazilian economy is growing by leaps and bounds.
The national health service takes care of you from womb to tomb.
After eight years of Bush the election of Obama was, for many, a breath of fresh air.
My aunt died an old spinster.
My neighbor is a penny-pinching old miser who won't even give you the time of day.
He hung an old, wooden oar on his wall as a decoration.
He swore never to trust her again.
Is what a computer does when it computes an apt metaphor for what the mind does when it thinks?
There are wavelengths of light that the human eye cannot perceive.
Certain smells can easily trigger childhood memories.
I believe in one God, and no more; and I hope for happiness beyond this life.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian, or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
It is impossible to calculate the moral mischief, if I may so express it, that mental lying has produced in society.
The word of God is the creation we behold and it is in this word, which no human invention can counterfeit or alter, that God speaketh universally to man.
It is only by the exercise of reason that man can discover God.
The sublime and the ridiculous are often so nearly related, that it is difficult to class them separately. One step above the sublime makes the ridiculous, and one step above the ridiculous makes the sublime again.
Man is not the enemy of man but through the medium of a false system of government.
The Christian religion is from heaven. The gates of hell shall not prevail against it, and its professors are not afraid of its being examined. It has stood for eighteen hundred years, and it will stand long.
The Court has no fears for the safety of the Christian religion. It does not believe that the rock upon which Christianity stands can ever be shaken.
There is no act which Christianity forbids, that the law will not reach: if it were otherwise, Christianity would not be, as it has always been held to be, part of the law of England.
It is not necessary for the public to know whether I am joking or whether I am serious, just as it is not necessary for me to know it myself.
The demand that I make of my reader is that he should devote his whole Life to reading my works.
There is not past, no future; everything flows in an eternal present.
It is one thing to show a man that he is in error, and another to put him in possession of the truth.
Religion, which should most distinguish us from the beasts, and ought most particularly elevate us, as rational creatures, above brutes, is that wherein men often appear most irrational, and more senseless than beasts.
Which celebrity is "the hotness" today?
This is awfully hilly terrain; I hope we don't screw up the transmission.
Does anyone actually sell leaded gasoline anymore?
He won't let you in unless you knock the ostinato rhythm from the Mars movement of Holst's The Planets suite.
Well, to me, he seems kind of annoying.
We don't have a tumble dryer.
We have to act quickly.
My friend is studying Korean.
He has been to France three times.
I work better under pressure.
I don't like pepperoni pizza very much.
I'm in the car.
Don't threaten me.
I don't want to go to bed.
Quit picking your scabs. I don't care how good it feels.
A clove cigarette miasma made navigating the pub like swimming underwater.
He made a farcical attempt to save face during the fallout of his sex scandal.
Are there infixes in English? Abso-fucking-lutely!
Estonia has its own national anthem.
I never go shopping on Saturdays.
They don't eat meat.
Susan never smokes.
We don't often eat out.
They are vegetarians.
She doesn't live near the office.
The Italians never drink coffee.
The Italians often drink coffee.
The Italians always eat spaghetti.
It's always sunny in Italy.
The Italians always sleep for an hour after lunch.
The Italians seldom talk about politics.
Italian men never help in the house.
Italians eat a big meal twice a day.
The Italians always drink wine.
They never drink beer.
I plan to never drink again.
Looking back at 2010, I think I wasted too much time.
My hope for the new year is to study harder.
The best way to really know a person is to see how he behaves when he is absolutely free to choose.
Alex often spends his holiday in Spain.
We receive many telephone calls from abroad.
Ron likes surfing.
You should prepare for the worst.
It always snows here in winter.
I usually shop in Oxford Street.
In my view, studying hard is the best way to achieve success.
My friends go to The New Pizzeria every Friday evening.
The 9:35 train stops at Bambury.
This shop sells very good shoes.
She smokes a lot.
Do you speak Spanish?
I don't mind doing the housework.
I would hate to work shifts.
I prefer going to the mountains in summer.
I like to read before I go to bed.
I like to give a little charity each year.
I hate to interrupt you but it's very late.
Julian keeps on forgetting to switch off the computer.
I'm writing a random sentence.
I used to work in a bank when I lived in London.
Philip is more handsome than you.
The Himalayas are higher than the Alps.
Philip is more handsome than you are.
They usually get home later than we do.
This carpet is more valuable than that one.
Mary isn't as active as her sister.
Mary's less active than her sister.
She doesn't speak English as fluently as you.
Mary is less active than her sister.
Stephen travels more than his boss.
Steve spends the most of all the family.
The days are getting warmer and warmer.
Bank services are getting more and more expensive.
Fiona's letters were becoming less and less frequent.
This newspaper is selling fewer and fewer copies.
You're spending less and less time with the children.
The sooner you do it, the better it is.
The more you eat, the fatter you'll get.
The more you do now, the less you'll do tomorrow.
Samantha has arrived.
John isn't here.
He has gone to the library.
I have gone.
I've told you many times.
Have you been to this pub before?
I have seen James recently.
I have recently seen James.
Have you ever eaten sea urchins?
I've already had a coffee.
I seldom hear from him.
Jim has never been abroad.
Have you bought any new clothes lately?
I didn't envision him as a Klingon speaker; his forehead was too smooth.
Open the door for love.
Do we already have that text?
He is living abroad at the moment.
She is always losing her handkerchief.
It is said that the price of wine may go up at any time now.
It is rumoured that a spaceship has been seen near Shanghai.
He is a man of strong, stable and trustworthy character.
I cannot praise them too highly.
The term 'greenhouse effect' is often used when people talk about global changes of climate nowadays.
She sat on the empty beach watching the waves roll in one after the other.
In an almanac you can find information about the phases of the moon.
One should give alms to the poor.
In truth, there was only one Christian, and he died on the cross.
How many letters does the Russian alphabet have?
My grandfather amassed a great fortune in the stock market and then lost it all over night.
It's a pretty minor surgery so the doctor will probably only give you a local anaesthetic.
Mexico is experiencing unprecedented violence as drug cartels are battling over distribution routes.
They renewed their vows on their 25th wedding anniversary.
I was amazed to learn that fewer and fewer young people can write in cursive.
"What toppings do you want on the pizza?" "Anything but anchovies."
In the fight to abolish slavery Lincoln knew that he occupied the moral high ground.
The trade agreement must provide a level playing field in which to compete.
Nothing seems so tender to me as an old couple walking down the street holding hands.
He's in the bathroom.
You have to ask me for it.
These pillows need to be fluffed up.
The thief stubbed his toe on the door.
A great number of these buildings are World Heritage Sites.
But I have no money.
Let the game begin.
It rained this afternoon.
Whenever you download something from the Internet, make sure it's from a trusted source.
Don't forget to lock the door!
After that English exam, my brain is fried.
Where am I supposed to be right now? I can't find anyone in my group.
Just hang around in the lobby until the basketball game.
You got 120% on the physics exam? You could probably teach that class...
The more I study for an exam, the worse I do! I guess correlation does not imply causation.
I wonder if it's possible to teach myself perfect pitch.
Most people don't even scratch the surface of the human mind's capacity for memorization.
Doctor L.L. Zamenhof (1859-1917) personally translated masterpieces of literature into Esperanto.
The site http://esperanto.typeit.org/ really facilitated my survival in Tatoeba.
So many tasty foods can be prepared with eggplants!
Pull the bobbin, and the latch will go up.
Drink water only when you are thirsty; drinking 8 glasses a day is only a myth.
It is a term used to describe the warming of the earth due to increasing amounts of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere.
Why are there disappointments in human life?
When there were unexpected expenses in the household of me and my wife, we could not avoid pawning our belongings.
At first, we could make ends meet, but as it continued we became unable to cover our expenses.
Initially this gave rise to gossip among petty people, and it gradually provoked criticism from members of our family.
The greatest wisdom has no shape; the greatest vessel is the latest to be completed; the greatest music has the most tenuous notes.
I'm tired of translating.
He made me his own assistant.
It's strange that people in hot climate zones eat spicy things like curry.
Your father is Japanese.
Whose letter is this?
I can't find the word to express what I feel.
I'm glad that they fixed the heating system, but now it's too hot.
She didn't go yesterday.
I have xenophobia.
Do you know the way?
Someone left their umbrella in the hall.
It's senseless to worry about doing it.
The distinction between hardcore soccer fans and criminals is becoming more and more undistinguishable.
We'll be in touch.
One year is not enough to visit all the places in Kyoto.
Call me Ishmael.
When I see this photograph, I think of my family.
I only have butter in my refrigerator.
You trust him completely.
Turn right at the intersection.
Armies invaded and conquered the enemy territory.
An army was divided into the vanguard, the rearguard and the main body.
When two armies met, they drew up and fought a pitched battle.
Trench warfare characterized the 1914-1918 War.
After a battle casualties are usually heavy.
Some men are slained, others wounded, others reported missing in action.
Lucky are those who have escaped safe and sound.
Soldiers were regularly relieved and found relative safety in the dug-outs.
The soldiers in the outposts are continually on the look-out, ready to push back enemy attacks.
It was very imprudent, very rash of you to speak about her the way you did last night.
George took up the problem of racialism.
He took it up with Mr. Jones, who was forever taken up short by his boss, Mr. Douglas.
How many times have I explained to you that your explanation is most unconvincing?
If you really have grounds for acting the way you did, then please tell me.
So far, your action seems completely groundless.
Justify your attitude, come on, justify being there when it all happened.
Your movements were unaccountable.
You have a very logical way of thinking.
Logic is obviously your strong point.
You are always very concise and very much to the point.
Other people are always off the point.
Virtual memory is a memory management technique developed for multitasking kernels.
Almost all implementations of virtual memory divide the virtual address space of an application program into pages; a page is a block of contiguous virtual memory addresses.
By 1969 the debate over virtual memory for commercial computers was over. An IBM research team led by David Sayre showed that their virtual memory overlay system consistently worked better than the best manually controlled systems.
Some systems, such as Burroughs B5500, do not use paging to implement virtual memory. Instead, they use segmentation, that divide virtual address spaces into variable-length segments. A virtual address consists of a segment number and an offset within the segment.
I took a walk in the mountains.
He's learning to swim.
She's learning to swim.
Once the work is done, usually around half past five, I come home to have dinner.
He's been divorced for 2 years already.
As for the Emperor, he is the ruler of the world. As for the barbarians, they are the servants of the world.
Truthful speech is not elegant, and elegant speech is not truthful. Good words are not persuasive, and persuasive words are not good. The knowledgeable are not many, and the many are not knowledgeable.
The Way produces one, one produces two, two produces three, and three produces the myriad things.
There is no dog which is bigger than this one.
He's a British citizen, but he lives in India.
The demon grabbed my sister and, with howling laughter, cast her into a bottomless pit.
The Mormons have outlawed polygamy, but some adherents still practice it.
The cow gave birth to a calf with two heads.
The submarine had to break through a thin sheet of ice to surface.
Simone, please go and set the table.
Since she got her braces, I've hardly seen her smile.
Instant noodles are a staple among college students.
He has unsightly hairs growing out of his ears.
He began courting her in earnest when he found out that she had another suitor.
Your eccentricities can make you either charming or tedious.
The pastor's sermons may bore you, but they are morally edifying.
The pilot ejected his seat seconds before the plane crashed.
This species of deer is so elusive that only two have ever been photographed in the wild.
If you would talk less and listen more, you might learn something.
Keep me posted.
Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.
You shouldn't go swimming after eating a big meal.
I forgot who said that.
Kill me with words!
They grew frustrated.
It will grow old.
If every user added twenty a day to Tatoeba, it might be possible to reach one million sentences by Christmas.
He left me waiting for an hour.
Go out and breathe some fresh air instead of watching TV.
My Twitter account is suspended because of spamming.
I'm not a fan of Kim Kardashian.
Kim Kardashian started a campaign against Turkey, so I never like her.
While I was coming home I saw him, but he pretended that he hadn't seen me.
Marriage isn't a subject that interests young people.
I only saw him once.
He lived alone in the forest.
What is the advantage to this technology?
Go out and get some fresh air instead of watching TV.
He is also studying Chinese.
Tom got some wrong on the test.
You go to school, right?
Do you want some scrambled eggs?
I had a little bit of a fever this morning.
It's cloudier today than yesterday.
In most languages the verb is an essential part of speech.
I'll come at five to pick you up at your place.
I heard that Mr. Inoue has stayed at that hotel.
The feelings of "love at first sight" and "faithful unto death" are unrealistic; this sort of unrealistic and illusory feeling is not what we need.
The way some people see it, associating with the opposite sex is just like going to the seaside and gathering stones; everyone can pick up the ones they like.
Once you've picked up a stone that you like, take it home as soon as you can and treat it well, because that's the only stone you've got.
What's more, from now on you must remember that you cannot go to the seaside again (by believing this forever, I have already found the biggest, best and most fitting one for me).
The most important thing about relations with the opposite sex is not how good the other person is, but that they treat you well.
If one person's qualities are really good, and they have one hundred points, but of those hundred they only give you thirty or forty, or even ten or twenty and then inversely, another person maybe only has seventy or eighty points but they treat you with their heart and soul, then which person should you choose?
In fact, each person's qualities are the same.
No matter how good you are, there will always be people who are better than you.
Although you can't make it as "the greatest person", you can still be the best person to your partner.
Every guy can say "although I'm not the greatest man in the world, I am the man who is best to you."
The most important thing in a relationship lies in how good your partner is to you, and not in how good they are themselves.
If someone is already good in and of themselves, however, and treats you sincerely and from the heart, and truly loves you, then you really can entrust your life to them.
Today, women's only consideration in marriage is probably if you love him or not, if he loves you or not, whether he is sincere and heartfelt towards you, whether there will be pressure with him, whether there will be happiness, and not what his possessions are!
He's an interpreter in an international bank.
He is an interpreter in an international bank.
It's two pounds.
It's windy.
It's one mile from here.
She's my daughter.
She is my daughter.
Who's Mr. Owen?
Who is Mr. Owen?
It's important to know foreign languages.
He's my neighbour.
He is my neighbour.
I was looking at the dog, but, with another look, it had turned into a cat.
It is midday.
The men are eating lunch.
I've known John since 1976.
In total there are 9 people in my family.
He has in his possession films that were never distributed to cinemas to protect them against piracy.
These jellies are nice.
This one or that one?
I don't like the red jacket.
I prefer the black one.
Although I was tired, I did my best.
Although I was tired, I did my very best.
All that is to be done is to wait.
I saw her walking along the kerb.
I have a paper glass.
How did you spend your holiday?
How have you spent your holiday?
Always praise he who brought coffee to Europe.
Even if I had wished to stop, I couldn't.
You are a workaholic.
If I had a nickel for everytime a woman has turned me down, I'd be a rich man!
He regards women as disposable pleasures rather than as meaningful pursuits.
It would seem that you know something that I don't.
I hereby tender my resignation.
It is strange that you know nothing about her wedding.
He who makes the mistake bears the consequences.
Once upon a time, there was a bad king in England.
Do you know Latin?
I want to dive into the river.
I want to dive off the cliff.
Has the house got a garden?
Has the flat got a garden?
Is there a washing machine in the house?
Has the house got a dining room?
Is there a television in the house?
Is there a telephone in the flat?
Has the flat got three bedrooms?
Has the house got a garage?
Has the flat got a garage?
Are there two bathrooms in the flat?
This book isn't mine.
That suitcase isn't theirs.
That bicycle isn't his.
You should get his car fixed.
I wash my hands before eating lunch.
At least being sick gives you the perfect excuse to stay home and watch movies.
He's getting along well with all of his classmates.
I'd like to return this.
This sentence is not in Italian.
His favourite pastimes were hunting and golf.
Stephen King is one of my favourite writers.
My father is my friend because he gives me a lot of toys.
It seems that you're not having fun in here.
They went hunting most days of the season.
I need to go flat-hunting this weekend.
Lawrence didn't flaunt his wealth.
I'll write at you or I'll phone you in the next week.
I fear that I might not be able to help you.
Sadness never ends, hapiness do.
She didn't accept the invitation.
His selfishness makes me nervous.
What time do you often lay down?
The most important book to learn a foreign language is, naturally, a dictionary.
I hate my neighbour.
A sharp knife is nothing without a sharp eye.
He was thirsty.
C++0x will admit template functions that take an arbitrary number of arguments.
You are not the owner of this save data. You will not be able to save your progression. Trophies will be disabled.
It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future!
Who was the first person to break the four-minute mile?
The peasantry revolted wielding pitchforks and clubs.
The old man wanders from town to town peddling his wares.
I wonder if Prince William lets anyone call him Bill.
Prince William is second in line to the English throne.
The muscles in his legs had atrophied during the seven months he was bedridden.
Scientists long ago ceased to believe that the atom is the smallest unit of matter.
He who walks the straight and narrow path must resist temptations of all sorts.
I hear the Freemasons have a secret handshake.
Along the whole length of the pew hymnals are placed at regular intervals.
Fascism and communism as they were realised demonstrate two faces of the same monster.
We've had no word from Brian yet.
He sent a word that they had arrived safely.
Word of the incident spread quickly.
All you have to do is say the word, and I'll leave.
When I give the word, start the machine.
You gave me your word that you would look after them.
Tom and I have already had words about that today.
These were people who fought for money.
She's very susceptible to hypnotic suggestion.
A hypochondriac imagines maladies where none exist.
The hyena's bark sounds like laughter.
I miss the hustle and bustle of city life.
The last two lines of the document are mostly illegible.
There is strength in numbers.
This cookbook has recipes for every imaginable occasion.
Beyond what age is it unhealthy for a child to have imaginary friends?
The faithful believe that this relic is imbued with healing properties.
Good news! This is the four hundred forty-fourth sentence in Klingon.
Your body is nothing to be ashamed of.
Carbon dioxide is a gas that is produced every time a fuel such as coal, oil, or natural gas is burned.
Some scientists believe that the greenhouse effect is imaginary.
Others say it may even be beneficial.
They have both failed to find the most serious problem that has ever faced our planet.
First of all, the level of the ocean could rise, because ocean water expands as it grows warmer.
Melting polar icecaps could also contribute to an increase in sea levels.
People living on coastlines might lose their homes, and cities might be completely submerged.
This would be a terrible tragedy.
Parts of the world that are already hot enough might become unbearably so.
Did it come with leads?
Did it come with cables?
Did it come with cords?
Thanks for inviting me.
Is this the first time you have tasted it?
It means a huge increase in the use of air conditioning which uses energy, which costs money and creates pollution.
A well-made cup of coffee should require no cream or sugar.
It can make some people, especially elderly people and infants, very ill.
It can also kill crops.
Come whenever you'd like.
Use a dictionary to find the meanings of the phrases below.
Losing one's health is worse than losing money.
You can come at any time.
His father is Japanese.
My heart is painful.
I'm so tired that I can't study.
The abbreviation of "Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference" is "CPPCC".
I can't afford eating in such an expensive restaurant.
The qipao is a classic female garment that originated in 17th century China.
I don't like pepperoni pizza that much.
Betty didn't say a word.
Kate always sleeps through her alarm. Speaking of which, have you seen her yet today?
I don't think he's a great actor.
He learnt the periodic table by heart just for fun.
All of this stationery is his.
I'd like to have a glass of water.
She cut the apple in two.
He said that he was tired and that is why he'd like to go home earlier.
As long as there's life, there is hope.
English has no word for "Zeitgeist".
As the wind blows, so does his jacket.
The term "qipao" is widely used in Northern China.
In Southern China, the qipao is also known as "changshan".
A qipao in the traditional style is made entirely by hand and requires labour-intensive manual tailoring techniques to enhance and exhibit every unique female form.
With a high, closed collar, figure-hugging cut, and large slits at either side of a straight skirt, the qipao is unique in its ability to communicate both modesty and sensuousness.
The original qipao was wide and loose.
The original qipao covered most of a woman's body, revealing only the head, the hands and the tips of the toes, in order to conceal the figure of the wearer regardless of her age.
The modern version, which is now popularly recognized in China as the standard qipao, was first developed in Shanghai after 1900.
People eagerly sought a more modernised style of dress and transformed the old qipao to suit their tastes.
Slender and form-fitting with a high cut, the new qipao contrasted sharply with the traditional one.
Some days ago I was in another place.
By the 1940s, the qipao came in a wide variety of designs and fabrics, with an equally wide variety of accessories.
The modernized version of the qipao is noted for accentuating the female figure.
With its distinctive Chinese features, the qipao enjoys growing popularity in the international world of high fashion.
She also bought the dictionary.
Sysko has plans to buy Microsoft.
Which shoes are too small?
Yesterday I went to Denizli and I saw a rooster near the coop.
I ate potato flavoured village bread in my hometown, Bolu.
Old birds sing, young birds twitter.
Children usually think and behave like their parents.
His wig is skew.
Good medicine is bitter to the mouth.
Soft healers make stinking wounds.
Who hurts his nose, also hurts his face.
The one whose butt got burned has to sit on the blisters.
Who seeds wind, shall harvest storm.
Whoever causes trouble will be the victim of the trouble.
He who is born for a dime, will never be worth a quarter.
The one who demands much, gets much. The one who demands too much, gets nothing.
One who doesn't take risks will not win.
If your colleagues don't work, either you do their work or I'll dismiss you by tomorrow morning.
It is said that there is a treasure buried around here.
They walked a great amount without drinking water.
Smoking is forbidden here.
How romantic!
I am going to undergo an electrocardiography.
What language is spoken in Egypt?
This is my horse.
He is my husband's best friend.
People call her Yotchan.
The champion of Eredivisie will be Ajax.
Kocaeli, especially Gebze, are industrial areas.
The founder of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, is almost a casanova.
Don't mention rope in the home of a hanged man.
Even a blind squirrel finds an acorn sometimes.
I sell a new car.
I felt ill.
I wonder which country will be the first to censor Tatoeba.
We should read at least one book a month.
If you'll just sit still I think I can comb out the knots in your hair.
The baby is cranky because it's teething.
My great aunt was a staunch teetotaler.
Hollywood marriages rarely last.
My brother just received tenure at the university where he teaches.
The tenor of the report is fairly negative.
They live in a rundown tenement on 5th St.
Tendrils from the plant are slowly wrapping themselves around the fence.
It used to be that a girl could only marry if she had a dowry.
I love the smell the pages of an old book give off when you open it.
Finally I found the answer to the question.
I wonder why eggs are sold by the dozen.
I walked by a little girl playing jumprope on the sidewalk.
He quickly scanned the page for the word he was looking for.
He was on the verge of revealing the secret when a sharp look from Martha shut him up.
I must confess that my theory doesn't account for that fact.
His criticism of the Thai people doesn't jibe at all with my experience of them.
The public is clamoring for more jobs and lower taxes.
The incumbent's rival is taking issue with the claim that crime was reduced by 50% under the current administration.
I'm sorry, I don't buzz in people I don't know.
Water is leaking into my goggles. I don't think they fit right.
This pool isn't for diving but for swimming laps.
He's nothing special. Just another working stiff.
My boss tried to cop a feel but I slapped his hand before he got any further.
She has the habit of clearing her throat whenever she's nervous.
It feels so good when you run your fingernails over my back.
Hey man, take it easy. I'm just messing with you.
She never forgave him the infidelity and held it over him every chance that she got.
I'm sorry, I fucked up.
Nice try, but no cigar.
The talk was peppered with scientific jargon that no one understood.
We raced toward the fire.
But otter hunting is no "mug's game." Let it be known that it requires more than a few couple of hounds and a brace or so of terriers to kill an otter.
He is very sensitive.
It was not clear whether they had done or not.
How much bus stops are to center?
I sell a new umbrella.
I work here.
I'm no guest.
He came home right at ten.
How is the family doing?
The desire is the father of the thought.
Tatoeba is a multi-language dictionary.
I would like to pay with cash.
Is breakfast included in the price?
The GDP of China still pales in comparison with that of the US.
He returned home three hours later.
First, do no harm.
I am from Brazil.
I like listening to music when I'm not doing anything.
Please don't make so much noise. They are studying at the library for a very difficult test.
He was wearing a dinner jacket.
He was wearing a tuxedo.
One apple a day keeps the doctor away!
This is an authentic Suzhou embroidery.
Scientists and the new media are presenting even more evidence of climate change.
Governments cannot be expected to solve this problem.
What is your occupation?
Include these points in a 3-4 minute talk about your book.
I caught my son making prank calls to random phone numbers.
The police are investigating my brother for the murder, but they're barking up the wrong tree.
My wife harbors a deep-seated resentment toward her father.
Read my lips, no new taxes!
By all accounts, Fr. Mulligan was a paragon of virtue.
Not thinking before he speaks, he invariably proceeds to stick his foot in his mouth.
Grandma Moses started painting when she was in her seventies. A late bloomer indeed!
A priest was called in to give last rites to the dying man.
After the argument with his wife he took a long walk to clear his head.
I have no beef with him.
Things aren't always as they appear.
Everybody needs something to believe in.
I didn't have time to think. I had to make a judgment call.
"Do you promise?" "Cross my heart and hope to die!"
My friend ended up taking the rap for a crime he didn't commit.
I study English for one hour every day.
If you don't eat, you'll die.
He knows this city very well.
I resign.
It's a pity that you don't know that.
I quit.
I was preparing to finish my report when my boss asked me to explain all of the project's details again.
Peter and Eve make a lovely couple.
Nowhere is safe.
No place is safe.
Dogs that bark don't bite.
Barking dogs don't bite.
Philosophy is actually homesickness: the drive to be at home everywhere.
Klabaster and Gizmo are cats.
Can you fix my broken tire now?
My native language is the most beautiful gift from my mother.
How many times have you gone?
The safeguard of the state shall be the supreme law.
The prisoner was set free yesterday.
Prior learning of the alphabet is very helpful.
He refused to say more about that.
She refused to say more about that matter.
He refused to say more about it.
Could you tell me the exact time, please?
The key is on the table.
A prolonged silence followed.
In the end, just don't drive me there.
Could you wake me up at the same time tomorrow?
He and I want to dance a lot and go for a walk.
It's already evening, I'm tired and have to finish writing. Good night!
Governments should not be in the business of legislating morality.
The bride is American with Polish origins.
They fit each other so perfectly.
Their wedding announcement is exquisite.
We received their wedding announcement.
Not only Esperantists, but also supporters of Esperanto may participate in the Congress.
She's lost the plot.
According to the Italians, translators are traitors.
Is there anything new today?
Is it your car?
The Government has collapsed, but the street fightings continue.
The ticket is good through Monday.
None of the girls is a student.
I'm really sad that I can't come tonight.
Have you traveled somewhere during the summer?
I share this room with my sister.
I cannot answer your question.
I can't answer your question.
He fascinated me.
She fascinated me.
He doesn't know that I'm Japanese.
She doesn't know that I'm Japanese.
In order to be easily understood, a sentence should not be unnecessarily complicated.
Can I visit the Madam Tussaud?
Can I visit the London Eye?
He is resting on his laurels.
He is not just kind, but honest too.
He continued to work.
She told the joke with a straight face.
Why am I adding this sentence?
Spring has passed and summer starts.
Hey, steer clear of the boss today, he seems really ticked off about something.
Some people caricature gay men as limp-wristed and speaking with a lisp.
The defendant is being accused of a litany of criminal and civil offenses.
The hotel lobby boasts a beautiful, crystal chandelier from the 1920s.
A swarm of locusts descended on the cornfield.
Day after day the tabloids titillated the public with lurid details about the president's marital infidelity.
She told me not to tell anyone, so I didn't.
According to scientific estimates, the universe is nearly 14 billion years old.
Penance is one of the seven sacraments.
The nurse used a sphygmomanometer to check my blood pressure.
If you participate in a decathlon you'll be throwing a discus at some point.
American football is for sissies. If you're a real man you play rugby.
The AT&T building in New York is an example of postmodern architecture.
Muslims always pray facing toward Mecca.
The biblical Tower of Babel is what architects call a ziggurat.
The skin is the largest organ of the body.
"Wow, your brother is really handsome!" "And what am I, chopped liver?"
Tatoeba is starting to look like one of Borges' labyrinthine libraries.
The pastor of the local Lutheran Church is considered a pillar of the community.
A young woman most penitently confessed to a friend of mine that an unholy desire to read women's magazines was her besetting 'temptation'.
If I eat too much chocolate, I break out in pimples.
The pier took a real beating from the hurricane.
Protesters were picketing outside the company's headquarters.
It is often not the costliest and most lifelike toy that wins the child's love.
When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up.
Much of the modern resistance to chastity comes from men's belief that they "own" their bodies.
100 per cent of us die, and the percentage cannot be increased.
We are half-hearted creatures, fooling about with drink and sex and ambition when infinite joy is offered us, like an ignorant child who wants to go on making mud pies in a slum because he cannot imagine what is meant by the offer of a holiday at the sea. We are far too easily pleased.
If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world.
I fancy that most people who think at all have done a great deal of their thinking in the first fourteen years.
The hardness of God is kinder than the softness of men, and His compulsion is our liberation.
All that is not eternal is eternally out of date.
I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives, for it does not contradict Scripture.
But it is specially evil that the young maiden folk are exceedingly bold of speech and bearing, and curse like troopers, to say nothing of their shameful words and scandalous coarse sayings, which one always hears and learns from another.
Reason is the greatest enemy that faith has: it never comes to the aid of spiritual things, but--more frequently than not --struggles against the divine Word, treating with contempt all that emanates from God.
I think putting thieves to death is not lawful; and it is plain and obvious that it is absurd and of ill consequence to the commonwealth that a thief and a murderer should be equally punished.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
There is no creature among all the Beasts of the world which hath so great and ample demonstration of the power and wisdom of almighty God as the elephant.
Some learned writers have compared a Scorpion to an Epigram, because as the sting of the Scorpion lyeth in the tayl, so the force and virtue of an epigram is in the conclusion.
A camel is a gentle and pleasant tame beast whereof there are plenty in Africa especially in the Deserts of Libya, Numidia and Barbary by which Africans estimate their own wealth.
A language is a dialect with an army and navy.
Both pronunciations are correct.
I would like to see you before leaving for Europe.
Kobe is the city I like most.
You should set a good example for your children.
Do you want a seat by the window?
Of course I'll help you.
That uncle of his often visited America.
Death is certain, only the time is not certain.
I don't think he'll be able to do that work.
I don't think he'll know how to do that work.
Some learned writers have compared a Scorpion to an Epigram, because as the sting of the Scorpion lies in the tail, so the force and virtue of an epigram is in the conclusion.
It's not true that equality is a law of nature; nature makes nothing equal - her sovereign laws are subordination and dependence.
I'm not privy to their decisions.
I would recommend to everyone that can speak German that they read "Liebesgeschichte" by Hans Peter Richter.
Even paranoids have enemies.
If you recognize this person, call 110!
Many leading British politicians studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics at Oxford.
Who swings too high, achieves nothing.
I need a stamp.
How do I contribute audio in Tatoeba?
Please follow the right hand path.
I'm not tired right now.
You need have a good microphone because we care about sound quality.
Download Shtooka Recorder and get familiar with it. You will be using it to record the sentences. It's a very useful program.
He spoke kindly with me.
There is lots of sugar in the black box.
The youth was quiet.
God gave a job, god gives a reason.
I neither heard nor saw anything.
The boy, you see, is my son.
Those types of birds I completely hate.
Let me work in peace.
A dog barks; a man walks.
Which is our car?
I did another test.
The universe is full of secrets.
There's no rush to get married.
Don't rush into marriage.
Although marriage is a great thing, don't worry; what should be yours will be yours.
Don't be afraid to invest time and energy.
Each of you must work hard for a lifetime, and only then will you be able to maintain a relationship.
You can't "get" a great relationship; you can only find someone you love from the heart, and work together with them to achieve a great relationship.
We will go, but without you.
"Tatoeba" in Japanese means "for example".
If you don't resolve to become a good man, then you just won't get a good woman.
There isn't a bad man in the world who has been able to get a good woman; similarly, there isn't a bad woman in the world who has been able to get a good man.
This opportunity for success in forming a partnership is a big one; the key lies in whether you are willing to work hard and invest in it, and that is all.
In fact, love is the only genuinely precious thing in life; it's also the only thing worthy of pursuit.
As long as you have someone you love from the heart, you have a motivating force and you can face the entire world.
Why do women want to sleep in a man's embrace?
It is false that equality is a law of nature. Nature makes nothing equal, her sovereign law is subordination and dependence.
Consider what effects, that might conceivably have practical bearings, we conceive the object of our conception to have. Then, our conception of these effects is the whole of our conception of the object.
Taro, are you able to help me?
Rumour has it that he's the richest dude in this town.
This tape isn't sticky.
That table is made of wood.
A trebuchet is a siege weapon similar to a catapult.
It's my pleasure.
Turn off the lamp. I won't be able to sleep.
He got his sleeve caught.
Didn't you know he was dead at two years old?
Our country will prevail, because ours is a big and brave army.
Our country will win, for our army is big and brave.
I would very much like the place where I live to be less polluted.
Tom is two years my senior.
Are you warm enough in such thin clothes?
Give me a precise answer.
Give me an exact answer.
At what day are you off, usually?
Enjoy your flight.
These headphones aren't working.
How long is the flight?
Could you place your bags on the scale, please?
I'd like to sit with my family.
A spectre is haunting Europe - the spectre of communism.
What is the local time in New York?
Could I have some water please?
I'm sorry, that flight is full.
Here is your boarding pass.
Do I have to change planes in London?
Excuse me. I believe that is my seat.
What is your final destination?
What time does it start boarding?
Let me check the system here.
If there are any cancellations, just call.
I have a pair of mittens.
"Bracelet" is the same in French.
It's a quaint old village.
Give me some news!
You shouldn't take those things for granted.
His memory baffles me.
The skiing season has passed.
It is possible to nurture an African village by the money, which costs a subscription to iPhone.
I tend to make mistakes.
I will write a letter to Judy.
The bicycle is mine.
I still haven't found anything.
Don't live like you want to, live how you can.
We should always give our best.
Where does your grandfather live?
It wasn't me who slammed the door.
You must take the bull by the horns.
Search the town that's on the map.
I kiss with my eyes open.
I feel very good.
This world is just an insane asylum.
The giant panda is recognised as a national treasure of China, but in some conservation areas it is still killed by poachers.
In England, parks taking rare breeds of animals as their theme are becoming increasingly popular with people.
During the holidays, some university students go to Africa as volunteers and help to perfect local wildlife conservation.
If we don't make the utmost effort to protect the rainforests, many of the rare species in them will become extinct.
The Chinese government has spent a lot of money on research into successful panda breeding in order to increase their birth rate.
Murdering elephants, tigers and other endangered species is not just cruel; it's also illegal.
More and more environmentalists advocate and use environmentally friendly unleaded petrol in cars.
My pillow is so soft!
As a result of some factories using fossil fuels, chemical emissions have already caused serious environmental problems.
It is very easy to ask questions the answers to which, we have the strongest reasons to believe, will never be known to any Human being.
We must make the utmost effort to reduce the use of plastic packaging, and also to recycle all waste plastic.
The policeman told me to repark my car, and I did.
Some people only buy organic food; they think that in this way their body will not be damaged by pollutants.
Don't you want to put in another disc? We've been listening to this one for two hours.
When she was a student, she went to the disco once only.
When he was a student, he went to the disco only once.
He had gray hair.
I would like it very much if the place where I live were less polluted.
He didn't know what to say.
Nobody watches her.
You can't carry people on your bike, didn't you know?
We really didn't know; we won't do it next time.
Leave the bike here, and tomorrow bring your ID and 20 dollars to the Bureau of Communications to get the bike back.
Hopefully you'll comply with traffic regulations after this.
How can there be a traffic jam now, as late as 6 o'clock?
There's probably been a traffic accident.
They're probably waiting for the traffic police.
You're bleeding everywhere; I'll help you up.
I'm really sorry, it's all my fault - I didn't notice you.
You're not entirely to blame; just then I was listening to music all along, and wasn't paying attention.
He drives a ute.
The president said he would not run for the second term.
You know that in the city of Paris, 28 bastards are registered for every 100 births.
If you want a golden rule that will fit everybody, this is it: Have nothing in your houses that you do not know to be useful, or believe to be beautiful.
Simplicity of life, even the barest, is not a misery, but the very foundation of refinement.
Rejoice, lest pleasureless ye die.
Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity.
Can you forgive me?
Thieves respect property. They merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
I don't drink beer, only spirits.
Let's go for a beer.
Her teaching experience gives her an advantage when working with children.
The home team always have an advantage over their opponents.
It would be to your advantage to prepare questions in advance.
Some people try to gain advantage by exploiting their personal contacts.
Having children when you're older has both advantages and disadvantages.
The postman was in good spirits this morning.
He was whistling a tune.
Flexibility is one of the many advantages of working from home.
A nurse brought me some bread and coffee, but the bread was stale and the coffee tasted of soap.
This sentence has no authors.
I could tell he was in low spirits by the look on his face.
He was in low spirits for months after his girlfriend left him.
The miracle writes about a bass.
John has a pen.
I am John.
Are you John?
These are pens.
He was a pioneer in this field.
She was a pioneer in this field.
You are completely right.
You're absolutely right.
OK, my dear, good night!
I'm sorry that I cannot come over today.
The twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac come from eleven kinds of animals originating in nature, namely the rat, ox, tiger, rabbit, horse, snake, monkey, rooster, dog and pig, as well as the legendary form of the dragon, and are used as a calendar.
2010 was the Year of the Tiger in the Chinese lunar calendar.
On a fundamental level, the 12 forms of the Chinese zodiac are related to animal worship.
Our ancestors used animals to name the years of people's births as their lives were closely connected to these animals.
I'm dying for a piss.
Without doubt, what people worship first is what they see most often; for example, the animals that had the closest connection to people's lives, like the horse, the cow, the sheep, the rooster, the dog and so on.
Behind every animal on the Chinese zodiac lies an array of proverbs, sayings and stories.
The culture of the Chinese zodiac is deeply rooted in people's lives, language and literature.
The horse does not just represent energy, high spirits, prosperity, development, but also stands for a national spirit of struggling on without stopping, and of striving on without giving up.
As well as this, the horse is also representative of human talent.
In China, talented people are often described as "ten thousand mile horses".
A lot of people ask why the cat does not appear among the twelve animals of the Chinese zodiac.
The reason the cat is not included in the 12 animals of the Chinese zodiac is very simple.
In ancient China there were no cats; the cat that we are familiar with today was not imported into China from abroad until much later.
Pick a few random sentences (just 2 or 3), record them, and send us the samples at team@tatoeba.org, with the title "Audio for Tatoeba in <language_name>".
If it is, we will send you back a list of sentences to record.
This way we can evaluate if the sound quality is good enough.
Read the list we sent you and check that all the sentences sound natural to you.
If a sentence doesn't sound natural, simply erase it from the list.
It would be appreciated if you also went to the website to post a comment on that sentence, to indicate it doesn't sound natural and should be improved.
The medium is the message.
I have to say no to you.
I'm looking for a gym suit for my sister.
It's colder in Dallas than it is here! What is this world coming to?
With any luck, there will be no school tomorrow.
Please plow the snow to the left of the maple tree so you don't block the trailer.
I have got a question.
I'm sure that tomorrow I'm not going to pass my exam.
If I had known that the exam would be so easy, I would have studied much less.
If you had told me earlier, I would have dressed up.
If I had studied Spanish last year as I am doing these months, I would speak much better now.
It's amazing how loud my classmates are in English class.
If I were happy, I would play much better.
If he were happy, he would play much better.
If she were happy, she would play much better.
If he had insulted me, I would have given him a shove.
I also think that if the Spanish hadn't discovered Latin America, others would have done it shortly after they did.
In 1777, I followed my father to the government offices at Haining to work for him.
Later, it happened that there was some gossip at home, and my mother suspected that she had written something improper; after that she would not have her letters written for her.
I immediately wrote a letter to ask her, but she did not reply.
In the end, we did not confess.
The ancient and the modern, the past and the future are all one.
She always speaks English.
We will take a quick break.
How should I say?
How quickly the visions of genius become the canned goods of intellectuals.
You chatter too much.
When he was fighting with you, his heart broke half-and-half.
More painful than any wedge.
Your words wound painfully.
He was very kind and responsive.
He felt pain and compassion.
Now I feel the same.
Last year she left Japan.
I am glad that everything has finished this way.
I asked him why he was sad.
There we are!
What don't you like?
What has he done today?
What has she done today?
What have they done today?
Even we are people.
Tatoeba now contains five hundred fifty-five Klingon sentences.
His success went to his head.
He has squandered every opportunity I've given him.
We should weigh the options carefully before making a decision.
I would scream very loudly if I saw a scorpion in my room.
Spiders scare me.
Italian politicians make me mad.
If school wasn't obligatory, I would stop going there.
Are you speaking English?
He deceived me.
The state of the art is the highest level of development, as of a device, technique, or scientific field, achieved at a particular time.
In the United States, an honor society is a rank organization that recognizes excellence among peers.
He came without notice.
She came without notice.
The life lesson: giving people the benefit of the doubt can further your career and personal relationships!
You have some money, don't you?
That's the badger!
Do not do unto others what you do not want others do unto you.
Let's wait, while drinking some tea.
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart!
Heartfelt thanks!
My life would have been completely empty without you.
Just then the door opened a little way, and a creature with a long beak put its head out for a moment and said: "No admittance till the week after next!" and shut the door again with a bang.
Good films broaden our horizons.
We're out of beer.
He used to work as a stuntman.
The weather is nice tonight.
The scent of lilacs is pervading the garden.
I've forgotten his name.
I don't know either of the two sisters.
Her answer is anything but perfect.
I am a woman.
The committee would like me to have someone to whom I can direct questions or go to for guidance about the city and its resources; I believe, therefore, that you would be a very good match.
It's the law.
It is the law.
The policeman must say, "It's the law."
The policeman must say, "It is the law."
This sentence isn't wrong.
This sentence has various meanings.
This sentence will be translated.
You take everything too literally.
The girl said she was going shopping with her mother, ignoring what she was told.
Two families live in the house.
The higher classes constitute the mind of the single large whole of humanity; the lower classes constitute its limbs; the former are the thinking and designing part, the latter the executive part.
I'd prefer to die rather than give up.
The fool is happy.
I don't know any blind men.
You're only exacerbating the situation.
That's great! I'll look at it later.
I need more blankets.
I love ice cream.
I love snow.
My father has a habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
The winter's sun gives only little warmth.
He has no bicycle.
I'm not a pupil.
Want to come up and see my etchings?
Even the walking-dead eventually return to the grave.
If you're going to doubt everything, at least doubt your doubt.
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.
In a mad world only the mad are sane.
The thin line between sanity and madness has gotten finer.
Many in England want to see the public subsidy of the monarchy done away with.
Absolutely nothing is permanent in life.
She behaved quite abominably.
By morning the clouds had lifted and the whole length of the Himalayas lay before us in all its splendor.
The pentagram is an important symbol in witchcraft.
Wearing glasses makes you look more intellectual.
The townsfolk were convinced that the string of murders was tied to a satanic cult.
I have never liked her and I never will.
A week before she died she changed her will and left her entire fortune to her dog Pookie.
You could see the oblong shape of the rat as it passed down the snake's gullet.
How can you accuse me of such a thing? I would never lay a hand on my child.
There have been many genocides in history, but the most famous (or infamous) is that perpetrated by the Nazis.
You're really starting to try my patience Jimmy!
She took me under her wing and taught me everything she knows.
I have a score to settle with him.
She took me into her confidence.
"Did you find any dirt on him?" "No, he's clean as a whistle."
My parents tried to talk him out of marrying her, but he wouldn't listen.
Kansas is smack dab in the middle of the US.
Prisons are euphemistically called rehabilitation centers.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
If we leave now, we could be back in Tucson before nightfall.
I'd rather stay home if it's all the same to you.
I have some inside information about the company's plans to go public.
Take a whiff.
I'm not sure what's wrong. We should have heard from him by now.
If you wish, you can go.
He is not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
He is not the sharpest tool in the shed.
He is not the brightest light in the harbour.
Any jackass can kick down a barn, but it takes a carpenter to build one.
The reason our hair is brown is that it enabled our monkey ancestors to hide amongst the coconuts.
Our son was killed in the war.
The reason I prefer to go to Japan is that the people in Japan are hardworking and have honest personalities.
Hail the Soviet Union!
They were travelling to Windsor.
Sicily is hot in summer.
Peter's cottage is very big.
Tom is always late.
My uncle's car is faster than mine.
John runs the family business very efficiently.
Mary is a very beautiful girl.
Meg always acts generously.
Barrichello drives very fast.
Thomas is very clever at work.
I think Griffith conducts the orchestra brilliantly.
I never do any exercise.
My sister jogs every day.
Paul talks a lot.
Bill is quite reserved.
George is as tall as his father.
Who's the next candidate?
Gill usually acts most efficiently.
Lucy's essay was most concise.
The nearest post office is in Cavendon Road.
Mary's the laziest of her schoolmates.
Can I make a telephone call, please?
Can I come too?
Will you buy me some bread, please?
Could you give me my bank balance, please?
Would you mind buying me some bread, please?
Can you iron this T-shirt for me, please?
Let's eat out tonight!
What shall I cook for the guests tomorrow?
Shall we wait for you here?
David is at home.
That's him at the window.
The lights aren't on.
David can't be at home.
He must be out.
I saw Liz this morning.
She can't be away on holiday.
You really should get this agreement down in writing.
Bill took his little brother to the zoo.
It's not exactly a hot spot, it's more of a dive bar.
We didn't know which bus we would take.
The room was hot.
I'm following the plans made by congress.
Do you have a Japanese magazine?
Great! The coffee is hot.
Gold weighs more than iron.
Who's that?
My father is in the garden.
In order to give him a surprise on his birthday, I prepared a fantastic cake.
Whatever are you doing here?
"What are you doing here?" he asked me in surprise.
Insurance makes us remember that the world we live in isn't completely safe; we might fall ill, face danger or encounter the unexpected.
Nobody can prevent this plan from being carried out.
These measures can prevent the disease from spreading.
Professional writers do not have a regular income.
She's not among the regular employees of this company.
It is not enough to study the language of a foreign country.
What one has to learn is more than the language.
If you pay attention to your foreign friends, you may be surprised that their customs and habits are different from yours.
In India, people pass food at the dinner table with the right hand.
Otherwise, it is considered impolite to pass food with the left hand, because the left hand is used for bathing.
They express disagreement by shaking their heads, which may indicate agreement in other countries.
John and I took turns driving.
For example in Bulgaria, shaking one's head means yes while nodding one's head means no.
Can money buy happiness?
You don't need millions to be happy.
At The Happiness Institute in Australia, a couple of hundred dollars may do the trick.
Experts say only about 15 percent of happiness comes from income, assets and other financial factors.
As much as 90 percent of happiness comes from elements such as attitude, life control and relationships.
While most of us are significantly better off financially than our parents and grandparents, happiness levels haven't changed to reflect that.
He gets up at seven.
She gets up at seven.
Studies show that once the basic needs of shelter and food are met, additional wealth adds very little to happiness.
I had forgotten how beautiful you are.
Mother bought me a beautiful dress last Sunday.
Almost all the world condemns Hosni Mubarak because he made the Egyptian people poor.
Hosni Mobarak has only one friend. It's Israel.
Please do not add your tweets from Twitter as a sentence to Tatoeba!
I prefer going outside to staying on Facebook.
My mother bought me a pretty dress this past Sunday.
He lost his rag.
The axe does not go to a humble neck.
Has your neck thickened during the previous year?
Those shadows appeared in a way like giant dinosaurs, with a long neck and a very big jaw without teeth.
Garlic and onion are good remedies against the common cold.
He could not by any means tolerate the ghastly smell of rotting onion.
It was in the year two thousand.
He was listening to music in his room.
The most popular sports in that country are soccer, speedway and ski jumping.
I'm doing some history research and would like to ask you a few questions.
The questions will not take long, and everything would be kept completely anonymous.
Anyhow, he may now be in Paris.
I missed the train by only a few minutes.
Cinderella had two wicked stepsisters.
Cinderella had two evil stepsisters.
The warranty doesn't cover normal wear and tear.
She had an unassuming air that put everyone at ease.
If it's not from Scotland and it hasn't been aged at least twelve years, then it isn't whisky.
The earth is smaller than the sun.
A leading specialist was brought in to authenticate the painting.
When my wife crosses her arms and taps her foot I know she's angry.
His accomplishments speak for themselves.
The cops are looking for the gang's hideout.
My grandfather often doesn't remember what happened yesterday but can describe in detail what happened forty years ago.
I can trace my ancestors back 200 years.
The U.S. would be nothing without its immigrants, legal and illegal.
Whatever happened to acid rain? You don't hear about it in the news anymore.
I wonder if a human will ever be cloned.
Every once in a while I read about a priceless antique that someone found in their attic.
I don't care what color ink, just bring me a pen.
A friend of mine is distantly related to Emily Dickinson.
All sales are final.
That extension cord looks dangerous to me. You see where it's frayed there?
The cat's ear swiveled in the direction of the noise.
Justice will be served, whether here or in the hereafter.
The documentary was narrated by Morgan Freeman.
After only a year her breast implants started to leak and she had to have them removed.
Malpractice insurance is a contributing factor to the high cost of medical care.
The calendar featured photos of bikini-clad vixens draped over sports cars.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of the chemotherapy.
We were mesmerized by the pulsating glow of the embers.
If you don't want to hurt her feelings you're going to have to bend the truth a little.
Today, I'm going to talk about the importance of sport in modern society.
Another reason I want to consider is health.
Go and close the window, please.
Come and see my garden tomorrow.
I can drive.
Before David arrived, Samantha started to lay the table.
I offered him a double-flame lighter that I bought in the United States.
Watching the Chinese new year parade seated on the balcony is so pleasant.
Why are you so sad?
She had a deep gaze and beautiful amber brown colored eyes.
The hooker is old.
Where is my sentence?
Last night I read a book.
I read a book last night.
Because we're worth it.
You are a patient woman.
I cannot move my tongue to tell this!
We made out like bandits.
Whose coat is this?
This is a very funny story!
I wanna find something like that.
I haven't had a coffee yet.
I haven't slept so well for months.
She hasn't been to the dentist's for years.
Pass the salt, please.
Know your roots.
Don't manhandle the women.
Edward Bernays gives me the willies.
Sit down, kid! You've got the heebie-jeebies!
Half of English is just bad Latin.
Etsy is responsible for Imogen of the Internet's entire economic viability.
Not even at gunpoint will Imogen of the Internet admit she only learned CSS to spruce up her Myspace profile in the 2000s.
Turkish distinguishes between dotted and dotless "I"s. There are capital and lowercase versions of both.
Zipang The Power Polack, a ferocious Polish berserker, flailed around wildly, charging into enemy ranks crazily without armor.
Kill your darlings.
That baby knows how to walk.
She's in a good mood today.
For safety purposes, please make sure to read the instruction manual before using this product.
I bit the inside of my lip and got a canker sore.
Yumi's boyfriend is a bit antisocial.
Because I do sit-ups every day, you can finally see my six pack.
I got to know my current girlfriend at the gym.
When men go to the gym it seems they really work their biceps.
You should stretch properly before exercising.
Won't you give me a spot?
I broke a sweat running on the treadmill.
To work your pectoral muscles try doing thirty push-ups.
Like an idiot I overtrained my muscles and hurt my triceps.
I got a leg cramp after using the leg press.
The bench used for a bench press is usually level.
People who do bodybuilding are called bodybuilders.
In Japan, due partly to the fitness boom that began from around 2000, 'dumbbell training' also appeared as a way to exercise at home.
Powerlifting is a sport in which athletes compete to lift the maximum sum weight of the three heavy weight events, squat, bench press and deadlift.
World War II ended and the Olympics were revived in 1948 in London, but the losing countries of the war, Germany and Japan, were not invited.
If it weren't for the rain, we would have had a pleasant journey.
We would've enjoyed our trip if it wasn't for the rain.
For all I know, he could be in Paris right now.
He is strong as blood.
We aim at that objective.
Ill-gotten gains never benefit anyone.
He has lived in Iceland for a long time.
I can't be bothered to do my homework.
Don't be a douchebag!
I'm addicted to Tatoeba.
I'll tell him when he comes here.
Everyone does what he wants.
Hopefully he will be healthy soon.
I read the book last night.
Even if that restaurant did very tasty food, I wouldn't like to eat there.
If there even are people more beautiful than you, there won't be many of them.
Even if I had enough money, I still wouldn't buy a Ferrari.
Mexican drug cartels are vying over lucrative drug-trafficking routes to the U.S.
Even though America is a developed country, it still has some very poor people.
Although his exam scores weren't very high, he was still successful after graduation.
Everyone does what they want.
Japanese people in general are polite.
John doesn't speak good French.
She may not remember me, but I do remember her.
He threw his toy.
I wasn't aware that the toilet and the bath are in the same room in America.
No burrs allowed.
Won't you please send this letter by Express Mail?
Shape up or ship out!
He will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
"Are scientists close to cloning a human being?" "Not by a long shot."
She's maxed out all her credit cards.
She's only going to tell you what she thinks you want to hear.
As I turned the handle of the crankshaft, the old tractor sputtered to life.
Tsez is a Northeast Caucasian language spoken by about 15,000 people in Dagestan.
It really is a nice theory. The only defect I think it has is probably common to all philosophical theories. It's wrong.
Let the good times roll.
He is muddling you up.
Could you tell me what your specific requirements are?
The rent can be a bit expensive, but something nearby would be best.
This house is nearby, it has two bedrooms and a living room, and the decoration isn't bad; it's 1500 a month.
I hear you've already contacted the broker.
This house of ours has just been redecorated, and we haven't lived here for sixth months.
The decorating isn't bad.
Is the central heating warm enough in the winter?
Then how about this: 1500 a month.
Let's deal with the formalities.
We'll contact you by phone as soon as we arrive.
Just my 2 cents...
I'd like some advice on something.
OK, what would you like advice on?
I'd like to rent a house.
The term "hutong", originally meaning "water well", came from the Mongolian language about 700 years ago.
Hutongs are a type of narrow street, most commonly associated with Beijing, China.
The implication was that where there was a well, there were residents.
In Beijing, hutongs are alleys formed by lines of siheyuans, the traditional courtyard residences.
I stumbled upon awesome stuff.
We played. We lost. How about starting it over?
The cat has pursued the mouse.
In Australia, one speaks English.
You must answer the question.
She's nice.
One hutong connects with another, siheyuans connect with other siheyuans to form a block, and blocks join with other blocks to form the whole city.
In the Ming Dynasty (early 15th century) the centre of Beijing was the Forbidden City.
Citizens of higher social status were permitted to live closer to the center.
Aristocrats lived to the east and west of the imperial palace.
The large siheyuans of these high-ranking officials and wealthy merchants often featured beautifully carved and painted roof beams and pillars and carefully landscaped gardens.
Farther from the palace and to its north and south were the commoners, merchants, artisans, and laborers.
Their siheyuans were far smaller in scale and simpler in design and decoration, and the hutongs were narrower.
Nearly all siheyuans had their main buildings and gates facing south for better lighting, so a majority of hutongs run from east to west.
Since the mid-20th century, the number of hutongs in Beijing has dropped dramatically as they are demolished to make way for new roads and buildings.
More recently, some hutongs have been designated as protected areas in an attempt to preserve this aspect of Chinese cultural history.
Life ain't easy.
They checked whether the room was empty.
Life is no bed of roses.
Before the plane landed, the hostesses brought drinks around.
He was angst-ridden.
After getting off the train, he looked for a telephone box.
Weren't you frightened of that dog?
Jean travels less than Alice.
He had a classic education.
You're annoying me.
I was hired.
Brad doesn't know as many people here as me.
Show more details.
Although he was weak when he was a baby, now he is very strong.
The knife belongs to the gardener.
The trip is longer than I expected.
The hunter shoots stags and hares.
Mother makes soup for the child once again.
There's no life in this body.
This body has no life.
It is good that children are industrious.
I hear that you're not well.
One praises the industriousness of the teachers.
Teachers are recognized for their hard work.
People love dogs.
The good woman is making a soup.
And here I stand, with all my lore, poor fool, no wiser than before.
I'd be very grateful if you could help me.
This plant has some burned leaves.
This plant has some burnt leaves.
He snuck up on him in the middle of the night.
He sneaked up on him in the middle of the night.
Thailand is in Asia.
It's not what you say, but how you say it.
Before long, she got pregnant.
Does a worm scream silently when a fisherman impales it on a hook?
I love apple cider.
I don't eat the apple core.
Is it fifth period?
Speak slower, please.
Did you watch this movie?
He doesn't have a clear objective in life.
Let me know if you'll need anything.
I let go, so that he could walk through.
He wields English well.
Could you call me later?
Step back, Satan!
She's beautiful, smart, and - most importantly - has a good heart.
He's almost six feet in height.
Is this your pager?
He's taller than me.
My legs are smaller than yours.
We instantly became friends.
How many books a month do you read?
A little girl, with tears in her eyes, searched for her mother.
Tomorrow I won't be here.
His irresponsible attitude surprises me.
My mom gets up early every morning.
We'll see each other later!
I already know the whole multiplication table.
Early bird gets the worm.
There isn't enough bread for those who wake up late.
One who wakes up late, for him, there may not be enough bread.
When are you walking home?
If only I left home 5 minutes earlier...
From here, one can see Mt. Fuji.
From here, one can view Mt. Fuji.
Are you saying that my life is in danger?
Wherein lies the question.
If you try and do everything, you'll never accomplish anything.
She filled this vase with water.
All the leaves on the tree have turned yellow.
No reason to laugh!
I stopped by a bookstore and bought and interesting book.
We carry the responsibility for the losses.
Jealousy has big eyes towards everything.
The glacier moves slowly.
He always borrows money from me.
He, most likely, seriously studied English.
I learned to play the guitar when I was ten.
This class consists of thirty-five students.
This flower smells so nice.
Up to my ears in debt.
Got into debt right up to my ears.
Production at this factory has increased by 20%.
The output at this factory has increased by 20%.
I am ashamed of your behavior.
When did the error occur?
What did the experimental set-up look like? What was connected to what and how?
She bought vegetables yesterday.
Did the error occur right from the start or later on? - When?
How is the error observed?
Does the error occur regularly or sporadically? Is the error reproducible?
It was nice to speak with her.
It was nice to converse with her.
If I had the money, I'd go on a trip around the world.
Please, don't be noisy.
You have very nice penmanship.
She goes to the market once a week.
Please, give me something to eat.
Whoever starts working in their youth, gets to live lavishly when they're older.
Three beers and one tequila please!
I hope I dream of you tonight.
My older sister takes a shower every morning.
That's just what I needed.
There's a tiny amount of milk left in the bottle.
We rested there for a week.
We vacationed there for a week.
Promises don't fill up your stomach.
Your stomach won't be full from promises.
The plane will land in an hour.
Interlingua is a modern tool for international communication.
I don't know what the time is.
She took her pencil and started to write.
He is bigger than all the other boys.
I'm doing well.
She's thirty-three.
Ken will be 15 next year.
He asked my mother.
I would prefer to have a list of Italian words which aren't in the corpus.
It was the best chocolate mousse my guests and me had eaten in a long time.
The number of people with diabetes is rising globally.
Next week the electrician is coming to fix the wires.
How much did you pay for that?
Yesterday I bought a pig in a poke.
That mountain is covered in snow all year round.
The latest edition has been completely updated.
Andrew is fixing some shelves in the bedroom.
She fixed hooks to the window frame.
Smoke detectors should be fixed to the ceiling.
We have fixed our fees for the next three years.
Interest rates have been fixed at 5%.
A captain sometimes goes to Davy Jones' locker with his ship.
Figure it out yourself.
I figured it out alone.
Windscreen wipers haven't any utility against ice.
Someone broke the windscreen of my new car.
The windscreen is the large glass window at the front of a vehicle.
It is said that time heals all the wounds.
Why is snow white?
He raised the glass to his lips and drained it at one gulp.
Her husband drinks really like a fish.
Time flies when you're having fun.
I saw that film long ago.
He's not my type.
I got your name from my friend.
The telephone was silent.
Few elephants would volunteer to move to Europe.
The man didn't feel like walking all the way; so he took the bus.
She dreamt about wild jaguars.
I hunt elk in my leisure-time.
Writing two separate words when it should be written as one is a big problem in Norway.
I refused to be paid.
I met a wolf in a dream.
When I was young I got lots of things for free.
We've got a lot more than just biceps in our arms, Per.
I study.
This sentence has to be deleted.
The father is good.
Write at least 250 words.
Write about the following topic.
You should spend 40 minutes on this task.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Describe a tourist attraction you would like to visit.
How should people prepare before visiting another country?
It was a long and hard journey but we're finally at our destination.
The group arrived at the destination after a three day hike.
The postcard was finally delivered after 37 years.
Of course you have to pay! What did you think?
Why do bees die after stinging?
We're neighbours.
I was at the cinema.
I don't have wide hips.
I never read the book.
Eating the keyboard doesn't help.
I misunderstand more than half the questions.
He's just an amateur.
I've not seen him in a long time.
Give me my glasses.
He promised me he would come early.
They can make the same product much more cheaply.
I love going to the cinema.
She's just pretending to sleep; that's why she's not snoring.
I don't feel so good.
The play is in three acts.
I wouldn't go there if I were you.
Hey Susan, how are things?
Both sisters are blondes.
China is twenty times bigger than Japan.
"30 Yuan is far too expensive for that little room", he thought.
When she noticed that the man followed after her, she began to become frightened.
He snored loudly while he slept.
A big car flew off the road today.
You were unlucky; I came back five minutes after you'd left.
In France, where the site was founded, Tatoeba has become a cultural and social phenomenon.
It's warm today.
She waited unsuccessfully for any signs of life in her friend.
I can't do it anymore.
We left nothing to chance.
I'll leave the book for you with my neighbour.
Those who don't know a foreign language know nothing about their own.
My neighbour has renovated his house completely.
The prison guards will strike from midnight in three days.
Fill out the form below.
Do you know who the best player in the league is?
She's giving each child two apples.
Is there no other way?
I might see some friends in town.
I can't speak Kannada.
I'm sorry, I couldn't write earlier because I was ill.
Thanks for the letter and the wonderful photos of your hometown.
It was interesting to hear about school life in Britain.
We elected him president.
They named her Jane.
I have an urge to buy something.
My mum is older than my dad.
I know that I do not know.
Let the sugar caramelise.
Wash the quince thoroughly.
This dictionary isn't mine.
Three ice-creams, please.
I just bought some cardboard.
Add the honey, lemon juice, chopped almonds and the chopped apples.
Whip the egg-whites until they are stiff.
Peel and finely chop the horseradish.
Haven't seen you for a while, and you've grown taller!
Break the chocolate into small pieces.
I've rented a room in Paris for a month.
Will you be at home tonight?
How big you are!
I slept in front of the TV.
They are both colleagues of mine.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
I'll wait here until he comes back.
The boy threw stones at the dog.
Which films are showing now?
I don't know, but I've got time before it.
What do you think of this red hat?
Thank you for your gift.
I was on the train for twelve hours.
Who would look after my children if I died?
She has no enemies.
I'm fed up with homework.
We'll meet at the station at nine o'clock.
Thus knowing that "to give is to receive" is the most precious thing in government.
She has a house by the sea.
Look sharp!
He stood me up; I waited all evening for him!
She's minging.
I took his not coming to indicate that he wasn't interested.
Many people consider a high salary to be a condition for success.
I consider relationships to be the most important thing in life.
He takes pride in his work.
His work is a source of pride for him.
When I didn't have any money, I only had a rug for a bed.
Skilled soldiers know how to use their environment as a weapon.
Some people consider Led Zeppelin to be the greatest band there has ever been.
Many Chinese people consider red to be the best colour.
I consider fruit to be the healthiest food.
Most airplane accidents allegedly occur at landing or takeoff stages.
As is being said, most airplane accidents occur at landing or takeoff stages.
This is my idea.
Many people hang flags on the National Holiday.
Please give me salt and pepper.
What's the reason?
Thomas Edison invented the electric lightbulb.
Everyone must die.
Was there such a thing?
What would you like me to do?
His unhappiness when he heard her voice changed into happiness.
I usually agree with her.
The garden is behind the house.
I like the sun a lot.
I don't eat the core of an apple.
I don't eat apple cores.
The word "sam" is short for "computer" in Lojban.
He can't see the forest for the trees.
In Esperanto there are only 16 grammar rules.
You don't have to understand the world, you just have to find your way around.
In England the waiter asked us, "How much beer would you like, a half pint or a pint?" Having no idea how much that would be, we asked him to show us the glasses.
This beer mug holds a pint. But how much is that?
I think that recording is important.
He emigrated to Australia.
When did you immigrate to our country?
I broke both my legs riding a bicycle.
Pasta is called pasta because it's the Italian word for "dough" from which it is made.
One should also study history from the viewpoint of the vanquished.
If I were to make a potato tortilla, I would buy two dozen eggs.
If I had to study, I would stay at home every day.
The TickDisplay function has to be called every frame in order to play the animation.
I will start tonight.
We are all happy.
My head still feels woozy.
Can you give me another sentence to translate?
It looks like we've gotten ourselves lost.
The accident caused traffic chaos.
He had learnt English before he went to England.
All she does is point fingers at the neighbours.
"Alma-Ata" means "apple's father" in many Turkic languages.
Let's sit on the bench.
Millions of people understand Interlingua within a single glance.
Tennis is very popular amongst students.
How's your wife doing?
I've invited all my friends.
The train hasn't come yet.
China is much bigger than Japan.
My brother uses that bike.
There aren't any fish living in this river anymore.
It's really windy today.
That doesn't worry me at all.
It is still unclear what caused the accident.
We have two cats in the house: one white, and one black.
He's still waiting on her.
Does somebody feel unwell?
The woman is beautiful.
Tom isn't a lazy child.
All people are born free and have the same rights and dignity. They are imbued with reason and conscience and should interact with each other in a spirit of brotherhood.
Insects have a hard skin.
It would be a waste of energy to tell a hair-raising story to a bald man.
The path of least resistance is paved only at the beginning.
One of the Lojban features are a lot of words that express feelings and the attitude.
In the development of Lojban, efforts were consistently made since the initial phase to keep the language culturally neutral.
This is a weird sentence.
What'll you do tomorrow?
I'd rather ride my bike than walk.
You should be a little more sensible at your age!
The roof is well-insulated.
My gums bleed whenever I floss my teeth.
Hitler called for lebensraum in Eastern Europe.
The Chunnel was closed due to severe weather conditions.
Contrary to popular opinion, hair and fingernails do not continue to grow after death.
The future will come soon enough.
A bystander videotaped the police beating using their cell phone.
He firmly believes that he was abducted by a UFO and experimented on by aliens.
How many liters of water does this swimming pool hold?
The word "nigger" is an offensive term.
The unclaimed items were sold off at auction.
On the bright side, at least more and more girls in Afghanistan are going to school.
This box contains assorted chocolates.
I keep saying that I'm innocent, but no one will listen.
The sound of crickets chirping and frogs croaking lulls me to sleep.
All the words underlined in red should be checked for spelling.
I use flash cards to study my German vocabulary.
The car's tires were caked with dried mud.
How cool would it be if Obama grew a nice, thick afro!
He hit one straight out of the ballpark.
If you can see your breath when you exhale, you know it's cold.
Whether or not it's art is anyone's guess.
Originally, Abraham Lincoln wanted all slaves to be deported to Africa or the Caribbean.
I'm living my dream.
Her house is near the sea.
She keeps a cat. That cat is white.
Germany is a cold country.
Germania is a cold land.
I left the computer on, but I was having dinner.
What has offered you the TV?
I would like to study Arabic.
He didn't say in which year he was born.
Rome is the capital of the world.
Katia broke her leg falling from the ladders.
I was born in 1988.
Tokyo is the most expensive town in the world.
The biggest defeat for an atheist is ending up in paradise.
Many unfair things happened.
Now I'm going to cook, I'll be back later.
Are we sure that everything will go fine?
I bought a red diary.
On the chalkboard there's written your new timetable.
For me, listening to loud music is annoying.
It would be fantastic to have a zen garden in front of the house!
Let's wait for the rain to end!
It doesn't start until eight thirty.
We're quite drunk.
Whatever happens is okay with me.
Let me drive your new Toyota.
It disgusts me.
She took me by the hand.
Permalinks are basically links to items like posts, comments, etc.
I always feel tense.
You might not like this beer at first. It's an acquired taste.
The "complete breakfasts" in cereal commercials always include cereal, milk, toast, and orange juice, but even Americans don't usually eat that much in the morning.
When he runs out of knives, Lyle butters his toast with a spoon.
The snow-capped mountains of Tahoe see frequent tourism.
You'd have so much more success with women if you'd quit trying to be someone you're not and just let yourself be charmingly awkward.
Her pregnancy was fraught with complications.
The drumming of his fingers was thunderous to Alicia's sensitive ears.
Doubling down is a terrible idea if you already have 20.
Weight increase is the easiest method for personal development.
That person died.
This restaurant serves Adana and Urfa kebabs.
In various Turkish restaurants, shishkabob is the main food.
We reported him missing.
We reported his disappearance.
My mother bought my little brother a yellow umbrella.
Look after the cat while I'm away.
Attention! The walls have ears.
Man invented the atomic bomb, but no mouse would ever have thought to build a mousetrap!
A good idea came to mind.
He didn't show up at the party yesterday evening.
You must learn from your mistakes.
This is my favourite project.
My brother plays guitar.
His finger bleeds.
His toe bleeds.
Her finger bleeds.
Her toe bleeds.
Will you buy for me some saffron?
Her nails are red.
The team were quite nervous before the game.
I was scared stiff.
The name is to be announced.
It's best to steer clear of him.
My TV is on the fritz again.
What could be duller than a semantics class with Ben Stein?
She sometimes ditches school just for the hell of it.
Names are to be omitted.
The opposition accused the prime minister of negligence.
He is here!
This afternoon the weather is going to get worse.
Vortarulo slaps Pandark around with a large trout.
I had a relaxing talk.
I'm having a relaxing talk.
It's a riveting story.
I relax myself by talking.
He met his mistress during a country escapade.
It is often hard to adapt when confronted with an imponderable event.
Open up your ears, the boss is going to speak!
My mother often slaps passers-by.
My mother often gives pies to passers-by.
You have nice skin.
Have you seen my umbrella? I left it standing here.
The acceptability of a social gesture depends on innumerable cultural factors.
The treatment's acceptability plummeted by nearly 96% that year after researchers discovered disfiguring side effects.
He turned to his orange juice sullenly, sneering that every little additive would sign him up for experiments he wanted no part in.
Additive synthesis involves manually controlling harmonics, and uses only sine waves.
Adopting the new policy was the best thing this company ever did.
Have you been adopting sentences in order to correct them?
Adoption for gay and lesbian parents remains a hotly contested issue in the United States.
The puppy's single good eye begs me for adoption.
Adoptions have gone up 600% since the epidemic of vagina dentata began.
No overseas adoptions yet? What kind of celebrity are you, anyway? Go sit at the kid's table with Kathy Griffin and Gary Busey!
While the bureaucracy comes up with sweetly technical terms like "less advantaged," the slums brim with malcontent.
Geoffrey, a highly advantaged student at a private college, bought a motorcycle and vanished with it.
You may think you're advantaging your child by having him run a standardized test to get into preschool, but don't come crying to me when he joins me at a rave in fifteen years.
Advantaging myself over the competition is the only way I can ensure my evaporated yogurt water stand will be here tomorrow.
Millicent adopts one new baby from a foreign country every year, which is a lot of effort to have someone live with you and shit on your carpet.
A good Tatoeba contributor adopts orphaned sentences so the rest of us can focus on Christopher Columbus and his zany antics.
What sort of adventurer doesn't have a talking backpack like Dora?
The adventurer grabbed his Uzi and set out to find the man responsible for stealing 12 million Mexican euros.
Khaki shorts with cargo pockets do not make you an adventurer.
In private, Kobayashi-san told me he liked his women "adventurous." What he calls an adventure I hope to never know.
An adventurous sort, Lester downed the whole bottle of habu sake in one show-stopping chug. Only the snake was left, securing Lester as an Okinawan national treasure.
Belinda tried strict diets, grueling exercise routines, and some sort of esoteric New Age detox, all amounting to nothing--she had curves, and that was that.
Parker Brothers ran out of thimbles and tiny cannons, amounting to a multimillion-dollar loss.
Felix constantly worries that he isn't amounting to anything, even though he's only a freshman in high school.
Have you considered the applicability of a software solution? Of course not. We're a small business that hand-makes wooden cookware.
The applicability of any given comment depends on topics already established within the conversation.
Appointing Cuddles the Bear to the position of Secretary of Defense was one of the defining mistakes of Dolly's brief career as president of the People's Democratic Republic of Tea Time.
Who is this administration appointing for district supervisor?
Many disabled people of all stripes are further disadvantaged by a culture that fails to understand, let alone meet, their needs.
Averaging over 100 miles per hour on the highway, Jack easily set off the police radar.
By averaging the squared difference between each value and the mean and finding the square root of the result, we can find the standard deviation.
Cloning people raises serious ethical problems.
I translate sentences on Tatoeba in my spare time.
Today the teacher took "Chinese culture" as a topic.
Last time I went to a Lady Gaga concert, although she finished all her songs, many members of the audience were not satisfied.
Let's take 'English history' as a topic today.
Apples are the best fruit.
Li Bai's work is the most famous of Chinese poetry.
Do you know this lady?
Xiaoli is the tallest in our class.
That man is very tanned.
I like cheese pizza.
I prefer to bring my children to see animals parading.
She brings her children to the swimming pool on Saturdays.
Go, I don't hate you.
John isn't my brother; he's my nephew.
Can you play guitar?
I need some sugar.
Who wrote that letter?
I walk.
Mary has already left.
Not bad, but I'm a bit tired.
She has nearly no close friends.
The Romans persecuted the Christians.
I think she's 40 years old.
I'm going to Tokyo with work next week.
He put up the notice on the suggestion board with a pin.
I called the cat "Tama".
Gold is much heavier than water.
I bought the really quick popcorn machine as a Christmas present.
The Police caught him red handed.
The police caught him red handed.
He's doesn't have a head for numbers.
He's not smart enough to work it out in his head.
Getting up at six o'clock is okay for me.
His escape attempt was successful.
He spends lots of money on clothes.
Compared to tigers, bears are nice animals.
You're a murderer.
I've got the day off today.
I never seen such a big watermelon before.
I was asked to show my passport at the border.
Can I see your driving license?
If I don't fail, then I can get my driving license this year.
My mum bought two bottles of apple juice.
She would never in the world marry Satou.
The injured were transported by ambulance.
The storm severely damaged the crops.
It would damage the corn.
Because of the flood, it was a bad rice-harvest.
This bad weather will certainly have an effect on the crops.
These fields produce good quality crops.
The rice is already harvested.
He was a good friend.
Her husband smokes like a chimney.
I wasn't following the conversation.
Everyone skis here.
Is it difficult eating with chopsticks?
He didn't say a single word in reply.
We are very pleased to have her here.
It was lucky that nobody died.
Isn't he going to Peru tomorrow?
I can't find anything wrong with his theory.
The book's weak-point is that it lacks credibility when a married writer recommends remaining unmarried.
The enemy ran after our first attack.
Hand back the tape tomorrow.
They come to collect the post at three o'clock, every afternoon.
I took a taxi to reach the train.
If I write an example sentence, can you correct it for me?
I require absolute loyalty from all my employees.
I was afraid I might be late in coming.
My dad died before I was born.
The weather report was thoroughly wrong.
I always thought that a heart attack was nature's way of telling you you're going to die.
Many people lost their homes after the earthquake.
I'll phone again later.
The translation is extremely faithful to the original.
The company laid off five people.
I want to be a guitarist.
Water comprises of oxygen and hydrogen.
I became quite astonished by his sudden change of mood.
Everyone was bored by his long speech.
Do you know why this date is important?
Be my Valentine.
How did you hear the news?
You can't do anything other than admire his courage.
I'm the best.
His sister and I will certainly become good friends.
She's worked hard to save up money.
Excuse me, can you tell me how to get to Central Park?
When does she come home again?
People who still read children's books when they should have grown out of them are normally mentally handicapped.
When I grow up I want to be a great scientist.
When I woke up, no-one was at home, and I was abandoned all day.
You had better watch your mouth.
Are you thinking of helping them?
If wishes were horses, beggars would ride.
It's not easy writing a love letter in English.
She can't cope with stress.
I got myself a job proof-reading.
All students are free to use the university library.
He left the country to study.
He said he would go to America.
Careful, the man has a gun.
They didn't even know themselves.
I'm busy right now.
He came fifth place in the race.
Look up page 50 in the textbook.
This rule applies to you as well.
He recommended that I go there.
I have a sore stomach.
I wasn't so much sad as I was angry.
"Damn it! I forgot my umbrella on the train." "Scatterbrain!"
Nice to meet you, Mrs Jones.
Milk doesn't last long in warm weather.
All of the buses are full.
Wasting time at the library is fun.
Who was it who wrote these two letters?
The whale is a very large mammal who lives in the sea.
Be quiet while we're eating.
Tomorrow he lands on the moon.
What's your profession?
The only proof was the remains of the semen which had stuck to the underwear.
He struck a match and lit the candles.
They lost the Scotland match in the last five minutes.
You're afraid of him.
They're afraid of him.
Although the pressure of studying at the University of Cambridge is very high, many students still have time to go out and have fun.
Although the life of Chinese people is getting better and better now, there is still room for improvement.
Although it seems very difficult to study Chinese, it's not as hard as you think.
Although studying Chinese seems difficult, it's simpler than you think.
Normally speaking, Chinese people consider rice to be an important food; the majority of Westerners consider fast food to be an important food.
Many parents take pride in their children.
Fish'n'chips is the most famous English food.
Cambridge is the most famous university in the world.
Peterhouse is the oldest of the 33 colleges of Cambridge.
Guinness is the finest of beers.
The American government has always regarded England as America's house pet.
Most parents see their own children as the best in the world.
I know that my Chinese female friends enjoy my disciplining them.
Things didn't go as planned.
These technical terms are derived from Greek.
Rarely have I heard such a load of rubbish.
I would like to see Kylie Minogue.
Kylie Minogue is the best singer I've ever heard!
Kylie Minogue is the best singer I've ever seen!
My favorite singer is Kylie Minogue.
My favorite website is Kylie Konnect and it's better than Facebook.
We want Kylie Minogue to come to Turkey, especially Gaziantep.
He can speak Japanese.
Can you put the dishes in the cabinet?
In Germany, the Italian mafia is an underestimated problem.
Call him if the message is important.
My credit card was rejected by the cashpoint.
I was a teacher for fifteen years.
I was reading a letter when he entered.
He saw a small plaster on her left knee.
Take whatever time you need, Yoshida.
This is the house I live in.
There is a kind of idealism which says that if you just do your best, you will be able to do anything, regardless of intelligence or physical strength.
My hair is the same length as Jane's.
She has two sisters, both of whom live in Tokyo.
She wants to be a simultaneous interpreter.
I stepped carefully on the accelerator.
The company is in the red.
All I know is that she left last week.
You're frustrated about your job.
Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?
Last year, he was at sea for three months.
I get dressed and then I will take my breakfast.
What you want is the most important thing.
Follow your desire.
The bus driver suffered minor injuries.
Why are the longest sentences always the last ones to be translated?
He lost his parents in a plane accident.
Is that a red pen?
It isn't a hospital.
A maid is made to do her job.
Language is the most important invention of the man.
A computer is a modern device.
This is an easy sentence.
Are we really sure that this is the real life?
My brother is a vet.
English is an idiomatic language.
Paul's sitting in front of Jack.
Sorry, where can I find a delicatessen?
They're building a new square.
Parents also arrange marriages, which is a polite way of saying that they sell or trade their children.
Could I trouble you with something?
I'd like to get you to help me ask the teacher for time off.
I'd like to borrow your notes for a bit.
I left the notes in the dormitory. I'll go back and get them now.
I was just joking with you.
I'll use it a bit this evening, and try my best to give it back to you tomorrow.
Today is the last day to pay tuition fees, and my credit card has no money on it.
Do you have cash on you now? Could you lend me some?
I don't have much money on me right now, but my card has some on it.
I'll pay you back as soon as I have money.
Then I'll work on the principle that deference is no substitute for obedience.
The first day of the first month in the Chinese lunar calendar is Spring Festival, the most important festival for the people of China.
Spring Festival is also known as Chinese New Year.
Celebrating Spring Festival is commonly referred to as 'passing the year'.
If you mention New Year in China, the image that many people will think of is a family gathered around wrapping dumplings together.
Dumplings are essential at the New Year's Eve dinner table.
Especially in northern China, wrapping and eating dumplings has become an important activity for happily spending New Year's Eve in many households.
Sex: the pleasure is momentary, the position ridiculous, and the expense damnable.
Advice is seldom welcome, and those who need it the most, like it the least.
The more one works, the more willing one is to work.
Men, as well as women, are much oftener led by their hearts than by their understandings.
This means that eating dumplings on New Year's eve is a symbol of family reunion.
The custom of eating dumplings on New Year's Eve is related to an ancient Chinese method of measuring time; in ancient China, each day was divided into twelve sections: the beginning of each day was called 'first time', which corresponds to the period from 11pm to 1am.
Arriving at the end of each year (that is, the last day of the lunar calendar) wasn't just a new day taking over from the previous one, but also a new year taking over from the previous one, and this was called 'first exchange'.
In Chinese, 'dumpling' and 'first exchange' are homophones, so they have a rich cultural association.
All of the longing and wishes for good fortune are wrapped up in the fragile skin of the dumplings.
Game over.
Double or quit?
Have you heard of the German Beer Purity Law?
That's not in my bailiwick.
I sold my house and furniture, together with my jewelry in order to scrap together a half a million.
If a tree falls in a forest and nobody hears it, did it happen? If a man speaks his mind in a forest, and no woman hears him, is he still wrong?
I'm starving. When the hell do we eat.
What's aspirin made of?
Stop asking me for a drink! Go and get one yourself.
What would the world be like without women?
I have a sore head.
I want to know who's coming with us.
I want to know who's staying with us.
Will I see you tomorrow?
Are we meeting tomorrow?
What's the time?
He's disappeared without a trace.
Ring the police!
Return? Just a single.
Too good to be true.
Muiriel is 20, now.
I was on the mountain.
I earn 100 Euros a day.
I'll phone them tomorrow when I come home.
I'll ring them tomorrow when I come home.
When I grow up, I want to be king.
Yeah, and?
Is this not so?
Safe journey.
He's my brother.
Thanks for the information.
Brian has bought Kate some lipstick.
I'm proud to be a part of this project.
The world is like a book, and those who don't travel read only one page.
I'm listening to music.
"When are you coming back?" "That all depends on the weather."
Mr Ou has come to Japan to study Japanese.
Which way will we go?
Even now, many years after the cold war, there is still much bitterness between Germans and Russian, especially in areas which were occupied by the Soviet Union.
I'll accept it, but with one condition.
This sentence must be adopted.
I've visited my father's grave.
How can you have a laptop, but no mobile?
That's too expensive!
He's old enough to drive a car.
I'm peeling the celery and the potatoes.
She's an alcoholic.
I like English better than maths.
The stomach pains are gone.
She really likes cake.
Don't touch my bike.
Rabbits like carrots.
You must be at the station at five o'clock at the latest.
Which is your target?
These issues have no effect on us.
Please come when it suits you.
He had the gumption to take my car without asking.
QUIET! You can hear it.
You are blushing.
It's good to hear that you can work in Japan.
When we go to visit France we need a Visa.
I feel good.
She poured out all that stuff without stopping.
All these smells remind me of the Christmases of my childhood.
Her hair grew back to it's original length.
I am a successful failure.
The policeman was drunk.
I wouldn't spend my life here.
Maleness is by far the biggest risk factor for violence.
The detective was accused of planting evidence at the scene of the crime.
I need someone to hold me and tell me everything will be alright.
It looks a lot worse than it is.
It's rumored that he has a lot of money stashed away in a Swiss bank account.
This investment is the opportunity of a lifetime.
You want a piece of me? Come on!
Two pupils are absent today.
The cause of the fire was unknown.
What is man, when you come to think upon him, but a minutely set, ingenious machine for turning, with infinite artfulness, the red wine of Shiraz into urine?
God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road.
Basing his invention of public relations on his uncle Sigmund Freud's psychoanalytic theory, Edward Bernays has left a lasting legacy on the media and how they interact with their audiences.
The teacher gave him a failing grade for basing his report on discredited research.
I'm basing my story on my childhood.
He made a complete financial record on his computer, basing his calculations on countless receipts and bank records.
Basing your film on a true story means you don't have to do as much coming up with stuff.
Basing his conclusion of guilt on deductive reasoning, Sherlock Holmes ratted out his own partner, Watson.
You'll need to find cheaper, alternative ingredients even though you're basing your recipe on your grandmother's.
He's been battling hepatitis for 6 months now, but it looks like he's just starting to recover.
Battling Bowser for real will require all 120 stars.
Come on, son. Quit battling the forces of evil for ten minutes and come to dinner!
Ray and the teacher are battling for everyone's attention again.
Ursula and Chelsea are battling over the boy they both have a crush on. Judging from the blood and teeth everywhere, this seems to be more of a matter of power than love.
It's a biggish chair, but it'll just barely fit through the doorway.
Hundreds of years ago, married Japanese women would blacken their teeth to beautify themselves.
His roommate would blacken her toast until it set off the fire alarm.
Her name appeared in 42 separate hits in a Google search.
Blacken the chicken by cooking it on the skillet on high heat for 10 minutes per side.
The squid ink in arroz negro blackens the rest of the ingredients enough to make the Spanish dish a Goth staple.
Clouds blacken the sky (and everyone's mood).
U.S. researchers assembled carbon nanotubes to create the world's blackest substance, able to absorb over 99 percent of light that hits it.
There is no objective measure of a word's badness. It all comes down to context.
Sheer badness is just one of her fine qualities.
Ximena's hair is the blackest out of all her sisters'.
Only the blackest of hearts could leave that poor kitty out on the street in the cold.
Two of the school jazz band's superstars, both white, bickered over whose chops were the "blackest."
His knee turned a ghastly blackish purple from the swelling.
Frankie blamed his own blackness for his school problems. His real issue was that so did his teachers.
I didn't say it.
I'll boil the beans for you.
Sharp's the word!
Warm beer is minging.
The ocean's supposed blueness comes entirely from the sky.
I suggest that we stay home and watch TV.
She bought that dictionary too.
Have you seen this man?
It is impossible for me to help you.
I like snow a lot.
The book is worth reading.
I am not deaf.
Cheerful people make you feel good.
I want to be an honest person.
I want to be a better person.
Did you see my father?
I'm satisfied that everything was finished that way.
Fools are happy.
You should keep secrets.
If she knew I were here, she would come running.
My headache is gone.
"Really, my lady" stammered out the haberdasher, after what appeared to us to be a most ominous pause, "I am deeply sensible of your ladyship's patronage, and the patronage of your ladyship's niece."
A nudnik who believes he's profound is even worse than just a plain nudnik.
Why didn't you help him in your turn?
My old English teacher is certainly rolling in her grave right now.
Shopping around has become a burden to him.
He has two cats.
Should I go to college?
He telephoned her when he arrived at the station.
Akira uses the same dictionary that her father used as a student.
They look very tired.
More than iron, more than lead, more than gold I need electricity. I need it more than I need lamb or pork or lettuce or cucumber. I need it for my dreams.
I am a follower of that school.
I will die by a cold.
Maybe I should study German.
As China develops, more and more countries want to have good relations with it.
I just lost my best friend in a traffic accident.
As global warming increases, sea levels get higher and higher.
With the arrival of winter, the leaves on the trees fall down.
With his interest in Justin Bieber, I just couldn't love him.
With the release of Skype, studying languages has become easier.
"How old are you?" "I'm 16 years old."
As North Korea displays aggression, South Korea concentrates its forces near the border.
I work for three hours every Sunday morning.
As time goes on, China's economy gets stronger and stronger.
I'm energyless! I haven't slept for three days!
As time goes on, my life gets worse and worse.
Warm up some water.
I asked him to warm up some tea.
Do you want some tea or some coffee?
My mum likes tea very much.
He's a gentleman.
I love my mother.
My name's Jack.
The statistics show that our standard of living is high.
A square is always a rectangle, but a rectangle is not always a square.
Ken always takes his mother's side when his parents argue.
My brother has never climbed Mt. Fuji.
Would you have the same but in a different colour?
A nuclear war would mean the fall of humankind.
What do you want to talk about?
This is the man whose cars were stolen.
This is the woman whose cars were stolen.
Pandark hits Vortarulo over the head with a 2-by-4.
Sysko hangs around in secret pubs at night.
Tell a beautiful story to my young friend.
Can I speak with Bill?
I am afraid of offending you.
The new E10 gas contains ten percent bioethanol.
Heya! Where ya goin'?
Ah, whatever.
It works well.
Do it yourself!
How do you say that?
How did you do that?
Take it easy! Don't be so nervous.
I already bought it.
It's getting darker and darker.
Did you hear me?
Are we going out for lunch today?
Then what shall I do tomorrow?
I took the medicine.
I want to ask you a question.
I feel sick.
Can you tell me where the restrooms are?
The boy asked his mother a question.
This exam is difficult, so let's cross our fingers!
Can I open a can?
What fills the heart, will flow over from the mouth.
My lover doesn't love me.
I think Beethoven is the greatest composer who ever lived.
At that time in the courts of the feudal lords there were many scholars who engaged in discrimination, such as the followers of Xun Kuang, who wrote books that were disseminated throughout the whole world.
I'm doing the dishes.
Have you ever seen a man-eating tiger? No, but I have seen a man eating chicken.
Work as the ant.
Most students walk to school.
He was playing football with an empty can.
I can't bring myself to tell him that there's no way he'll get the position.
He had been sober for almost a year, but he gave into temptation around New Year's Day.
There is something about him I don't like.
They left early.
He felt tired.
The plane gets in at eight o'clock.
She has not seen him for a long time.
We asked him what he was called.
I don't want to hurt you.
I don't want to buy this carpet.
I saw a red car and a white one. The red one was nicer looking than the white one.
Put yourself together.
Get a hold of yourself.
He lost consciousness under the influence of the anesthetic.
"Free" as in free speech, not as in free beer.
The result won't really be good.
Is mercury really a metal?
Hi! Where do you want to go?
Muiriel had no other choice but to accept her defeat.
This is my city now.
Don't make any noise!
This is your house.
May your soul rest in peace.
The pack of cigarettes is empty.
I've just come back from Sweden.
The landing was perfect.
I prefer to go by subway, rather than by train.
Did you understand what he meant?
We don't want to wait any longer.
The house is beautifully situated.
The driver overtook the car.
She became a police officer.
"What?" Pharamp asked. "Nothing," Sysko lied, "we were talking about the effect of Confucianism on modern Chinese socialism."
I do not like him, but I like her.
She can't afford it.
He does not paint the walls but wallpapers them.
She has shown her room to me.
His theory is difficult to understand.
My friend is seventeen years old.
My friend is seventeen.
There's a traitor among us.
Call Tom immediately.
She dressed like an actress.
Can I ask some questions?
I felt bad.
She got very angry with her children.
His house is very far from the station.
Tatoeba: Because a language is more than the sum of its words.
He returned at six.
She speaks English fluently.
If my parents punished me for something I didn't do, I would tell them the truth and try to convince them of my innocence.
We'll go when it stops raining.
The fluency of your English is amazing.
I was there on time, but I didn't see you!
I fell in love with you.
There's a great variety of creatures living in the sea.
These women are my aunts.
It takes only a short time to learn how to explain things to students. It takes much longer to learn when not to.
The boy hugged the puppy to his chest.
Did he show you the picture?
He married a girl that he chose for himself.
If you see her from a distance, she is beautiful.
That car is his.
Why do you lie?
There are no dogs bigger than this one.
How many times have you gone there?
Should I wait for you here?
Before David arrived, Samantha started to set the table.
Today, I plan to talk about the importance of sports in modern society.
The room is hot.
She is very angry with her children.
I have a few questions. Would it be OK if I asked them?
I wonder what she really means.
Sicily's summers are hot.
Father is a good person.
I'm afraid that I might make you angry.
My mother worked hard in order to raise us.
He'll return at six.
If possible, I'd like to go home now.
He had his younger sister help him paint the wall of his room.
He had his older sister help him paint the wall of his room.
I have a pair of shoes.
Now I am free.
I'm against the war.
I'm against the marriage.
I'm afraid of owls.
Silence is golden.
Would you like to become a trusted user?
I was happy that she took my side.
I'll drop by the post office on the way home.
There's no way I can do it.
I would like to have some more water.
In linguistics, the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis states that there are certain thoughts of an individual in one language that cannot be understood by those who live in another language.
The interdependence of thought and speech makes it clear that languages are not so much a means of expressing truth that has already been established, but a means of discovering truth that was previously unknown. Their diversity is a diversity not of sounds and signs but of ways of looking at the world.
They're like two lovebirds.
What does "Tatoeba" mean?
In the hospital room, the nurse wearing white clothes and the midwife were preparing for the delivery.
I don't have time to argue with you; I'm preparing the food.
My English teacher has advised me to read these books.
I continued buying prepared dishes even after I went to middle school.
You can't make me do anything I don't want to do.
Did I fall asleep?
We wouldn't be in this mess if you'd just done what I told you.
Her beauty will fade in time.
Does "juice" in Japan imply juice in a can?
I have to take a make up test in English next week.
I wish you hadn't told that story to my mother.
Do the people of your country eat rice?
Someone pushed me inside.
Finally, we reached the top of the mountain.
These two are standing abreast.
I made this clothing myself.
I'd rather go by subway than by train.
Among the five of us, he's surely the one who can speak the most languages.
I know that you know that I know.
One of the characters in the novel dreams up a half-baked plan for robbing a bank.
How can you be sure your girlfriend isn't faking her orgasms?
This building is the architect's crowning achievement.
No matter how sneaky you are, you can never surprise yourself.
It surprises most people to find out that the prison warden is a woman.
I'm sorry but Paul called in sick and I'm going to need you to work his shift.
If you flunk this exam, you'll have to repeat the course.
While doing the wash she found a condom in the back pocket of her son's pants.
On the American flag, there's a star for every state.
Most Hollywood movies have a happy ending.
She tried to spice up the conversation with gossip about the neighbors.
The documentary is meant to raise consciousness about the plight of the poor.
The tip of the spear was dipped in a deadly poison.
This book is out of print.
Forgive me Father for I have sinned.
He got religion on his deathbed.
She sat at the bar downing shot after shot of whisky.
Teenagers are God's punishment for having sex.
Your shelf is full of books.
My basket is full of books.
Find multilingual sentence equivalents at Tatoeba.org.
This child believes that the earth is flat.
This is a random sentence from Tatoeba.
I think we'll get there in time if we don't get caught in a traffic jam.
I think we'll make it in time if we don't get stuck in a traffic jam.
Let it be.
God bless Tatoeba!
He was taken away by four police officers in the middle of the night.
Would you like to go to a movie tonight?
Would you mind putting a link on your web page to our company's web site?
The French are a really strange people: every other person who reads this sentence will check if the space before the colon is really thin and non-breaking.
Where do the buses headed out of town leave from?
This year, Edinburgh began work on its fifteen-year regeneration project to transform its waterfront and provide a new kind of living area for its growing population.
What's new about this way of urban living?
Before now, when you thought of a city, you thought of crowded streets, parking problems, traffic jams, queues, noise and fumes.
Cities are exciting places, but also stressful.
The Edinburgh Waterfront project could be about to change all that.
With the creation of a city area that's more like a town, with plenty of greenery and community buildings, living in the city will soon mean simpler, stress-free lifestyles for the 20,000 that are expected to live, work and play in Edinburgh's Waterfront.
How will the project work?
Over the next fifteen years, architects, planners and community developers will work together to transform 346 acres of industrial wasteland into 6,500 homes, two shopping centres, a marina, a primary school and college, and parkland.
Trams will link the area to Edinburgh's city centre (which is only two miles away).
What will this mean for Edinburgh?
Edinburgh already offers a busy and traditional city experience, with many historic buildings and tourist attractions.
The Waterfront project will help to keep Edinburgh up-to-date and bring more people to Scotland's capital city.
Fifteen per cent of the housing will be affordable, so that low-income families will be able to buy or rent homes in the area.
It will also help to strengthen the city's economy.
For the UK's fastest growing city after London, this is good news.
So, will this mean healthier cities?
Edinburgh's Waterfront is just one of the many projects that are regenerating UK towns and cities.
The Waterfront's success could mean that other cities soon follow, creating areas that offer people a new kind of city living, with all the benefits and none of the stress, noise and pollution of crowded centres.
Can Edinburgh show us the way towards healthier cities?
Let's hope so.
Maybe a few of you have seen pandas in the zoo.
The panda is China's national treasure.
The panda is indigenous to Sichuan Province and does not live in the wild in any other places.
It is said that Dutch are tolerant.
People in Taiwan work hard.
Someone called.
This room is cleaned by Tom.
Bob stayed at his uncle's house.
How much have you paid for this computer?
Whatever you do, do it wisely, and don't forget about the end.
Jessica took all the blame on herself.
I went there on the bus and the train.
I am interested in the cello and the piano.
My big brother finished his homework very quickly.
Have you got a mobile phone?
Have you met her?
Have you met him?
Did you meet him?
He was very scared when he saw this big snake.
Our captors gave us clothes, food, books - the whole nine yards.
Please replace the empty printer cartridge.
The morning sunshine is so bright that I can't look at it.
This dog is yours.
To tell the truth, this matter does not concern her at all.
To tell the truth, this matter does not concern it at all.
Let me leave!
I never thought that he could be ill.
He plays the piano better than me.
His novel has been translated into Japanese.
Her novel has been translated into Japanese.
Have you already met her?
Have you already met him?
I wonder why we play tennis in miniskirts.
He understood what her words meant straight away.
He understood what his words meant straight away.
I like dogs and my sister likes cats.
It is estimated that only a few hundred pandas remain, with a small number of them being raised in zoos in China and abroad.
He bought the whole nine yards.
Because of their rarity, pandas have become a world treasure.
When the World Wildlife Fund was founded in 1961, it took the panda as its symbol.
Pandas are very clever.
The Fuzhou Zoo in China's Fujian Province has done more than its counterparts in training pandas.
There, pandas have been trained to perform dozens of items.
Qing Qing, a seven-year-old panda, can even recognise its name.
It is a Chinese tradition to welcome spring with flowers.
China is a huge country.
The temperature in different places can vary greatly at the same time of year.
North China is cold in spring, so flowers don't bloom outdoors.
People there decorate their homes with potted flowers to add to the festival atmosphere.
Country girls like to cut red paper into peach and plum blossoms and paste them onto doors and windows.
In the south of China, the situation is different.
With a warm and wet climate, Guangzhou has fresh flowers all year round.
We will get to Tokyo before it gets dark.
From then on, flower fairs were held in Guangzhou during the Spring Festival every year.
Fritz admits he often plays truant.
He was very scared when he saw that large snake.
He is very kind, just like you.
I want to visit a medieval village.
A river is a stream of water.
My name is Sally.
Take off your jacket because it's very hot.
Dad will return in a few days.
Susan is two years older than me.
Susan is two years older than I am.
Hi. How are you doing?
Use interrogative pronouns to rewrite the sentences below; if you need to, you can add or remove a few words.
Because of these trees, he can't see the forest.
That is a strange sentence.
Please add more coffee.
Watch out! There are five hungry Soviet cows in the garden!
Twelve boxers chase Victor across the big Sylter dike.
The sisters lived in harmony with each other.
Only the assumption that the reader - I better say: the prospective reader, because for the moment there is not the slightest prospect, that my writing could see the lights of publicity, - unless it miraculously left our endangered fortress Europe and brought a hint of the secrets of our loneliness to those outside; - I beg to be allowed to begin anew: only because I anticipate the wish to be told casually about the who and what of the writer, I send some few notes on my own individuum out before these openings, - of course not without the awareness that exactly by doing so I might provoke doubts in the reader, that he is in the right hands, which is to say: if I, from all my being, am the right man for a task to which maybe the heart pulls me more than any qualifying relation in character.
I am living in Volgograd.
What do you think about this situation?
This man is very awful.
This girl is very awful.
Why are you so awful?
I hope you understand.
And at the very core, he found trust.
I lived in Rome.
I'm angry with my boyfriend for forgetting about Valentine's Day.
I'm angry with you about this.
Why are you angry with me?
I lost my temper with him because of his arrogance.
She studies 24 / 7.
I miss you all the time.
I miss you constantly.
I'm constantly studying.
I have exams from dawn till dusk.
He eats non-stop.
He eats around the clock.
As figures from the National Development and Reform Committee show, the Internet has developed rapidly in rural China.
By the end of June 2006, the number of netizens in rural China had reached three million, seven hundred and forty one thousand, making up 5.1% of the total rural population.
In the same period, the number of urban netizens in China reached one hundred and twenty five million, making up 21.6% of the total urban population.
By the end of 2006, the number of rural netizens in China was twenty three million one hundred thousand, showing that in six months a total of fourteen million, three hundred thousand rural Chinese got online.
The report from the National Development and Reform Committee says that the advance in rural high-speed telecommunication infrastructure is the main reason for the increase in Internet users.
In its "Eleven Five Plan" (2006 to 2010), the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology pledged to implement phone connections in every village and Internet connections in every town.
Young people and migrant workers are the bulk of rural Internet users; in terms of online music, online games, online film and television, and the Internet's capacity for entertainment, rural Internet users are equivalent to urban ones.
However, compared to that in cities, rural use of online news, search engines, online shopping, online banking, online stocks and so on is much lower.
The typical Japanese person doesn't speak English.
In some rural areas, the Internet is important for agricultural information, as well as being particularly useful for the purposes of agricultural production technologies and pricing.
Liu Manqiang, deputy director of the Chinese Research Centre and College for Social Sciences and Information Technology, says "Information and communication technology has the potential for a huge increase in value; an important goal for the development of China's information technology is allowing more rural citizens to benefit from the information technology industry."
The boy eats bread.
The man ate bread.
The woman drinks water now.
The girl buys milk at the market.
The people don't buy milk at this market.
My mother didn't see the boy on the street.
Yesterday I listened to a very beautiful song.
My father is going to prepare some delicious food for me tomorrow.
His sister can't talk to you today.
Her family likes very much to watch TV every day.
Do you wanna go out with me tonight?
Your haircut was fine.
When poverty knocks at your frontdoor, loves escapes through the backdoor.
Death is the fate of all people.
They made John the captain of the team.
They chose John to be the captain of the team.
They chose John as the captain of the team.
Hedgehog of curses, generate a part of the game of disgraces to the Finns.
The roofer roofed the thick roof.
I want to visit my friend next week.
This is why we can't have nice things.
Our girlfriend traveled to a small town last week.
The student made acquaintance with that woman last year.
The teacher is going to start learning English this year.
I wonder where you came up with the idea that I'm familiar with robotics and such.
What else could one do but remove it?
For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass.
He is as stubborn as a Missouri Mule.
It's going to be violent weather!
God knows.
There's not a chance.
Can I buy a ticket for the concert here?
Even if you fail this time, you'll have another chance.
This book is really old.
What would German be without commas?
Why are some translations in grey?
How do I delete a sentence?
I'd like to add a new language in Tatoeba, what do I have to do?
How do I change the language of a sentence?
How can I add tags to a sentence?
How can I link or unlink sentences?
How can I become a trusted user?
Can I help translate the website into other languages?
I don't think it is an irregular sentence.
I love nature.
He doesn't know who I am.
Reading the letter that he sends me every month is quite funny.
Before the conquest by the Arabians, the majority of the Persians were Zoroastrians, but there were also Jews and Christians. So, who could imagine today that Iranians have Jewish or Christian ancestors?
Nowadays there are no ninjas or samurais in Japan.
Could someone translate the comment above to a language which I can understand?
I cannot see it.
He is very fast.
He speaks very fast.
I don't speak fast.
This tree is older than that car.
I have less money than you.
This pencil is better than that one.
North of this place there is a road.
This tree is bigger than all the others.
This is the least interesting.
He and me are from a far country.
Go away from here!
Put it onto the table.
The mouse ran into the hole.
He is much better than you.
My house is north of the library.
I can't tell the difference between them.
I know him, but I don't know his name.
The picture is hanging on the wall.
He hung it on the wall.
You must do it.
I want to eat it.
He speaks English very loudly.
He is sitting on the chair.
He is a very good teacher.
You went there.
We were here yesterday.
Nobody knows the truth.
They will go there with me.
Will you all be here tomorrow?
The man was saying it when I came in.
Every morning that woman used to go to the beach and run three miles.
The boy actually was going to do it.
By tomorrow morning this girl will have done it.
My father cannot lift it up.
Your brother will not buy it.
His mother didn't want to do it.
I ate the apple.
The child is writing a book.
The apple was eaten by me.
The book is being written by my husband.
It will be said by your daughter.
If I could understand it, I would tell you so.
If he were here, he would visit us.
Walking along the fence he noticed a mouse.
Thinking about that, I left.
Having said that, he left with his wife.
Let's speak Vabungula and Yuelami!
Let your uncle think about it.
May it not happen!
Do you know anything about his family?
He is the person whom I saw yesterday.
I really know what he said.
Tell me how long that boy has been sitting there.
Many websites prohibit misleading usernames that imply an official role on the website such as "admin," "administrator," "webmaster," "system operator," "sysop," or "moderator."
I don't have enough money yet.
We haven't seen it yet.
You have already seen his father.
They don't see me anymore.
My mother has never talked to your father before.
You and me have never heard that song again.
Have you ever done it?
Will he ever do it?
We will never do it again.
My friend doesn't believe that ghosts exist.
A woman friend of ours took a trip to a small town last week.
A female friend of ours took a trip to a small village last week.
Lojban is designed to be unambiguous in orthography, phonology, morphology, and grammar. Lojban semantics, however, must support the same breadth of human thought as natural languages.
Lojban has incorporated a detailed grammar for mathematical expressions. This grammar parallels the predicate grammar of the non-mathematical language.
Everyone is an artist.
The dress brings out your eyes.
We like looking at what we are good at seeing.
The users of Tatoeba are kind.
In other words, you're a fool.
Juliet talked to Romeo on the balcony, who was outside.
Cockroaches are insects.
He caught the traveler's diarrhea.
If one plants an oak, it is futile to hope to soon be able to take cover under its leaves.
I see the girl is beautiful.
Let me help you with your luggage.
He went out to see a movie. How was the movie? Good.
This man is dead.
Those earphones don't work.
I live off 300 dollars a month.
I think I can live off the free food they give in the canteen.
I know this guy that lives off takeaways.
Blacken the circles next to the correct answers with an HB pencil.
He scared the hell out of me by popping a balloon right next to my ear.
Three children opened the door of the building.
There are twenty-five students in the assembly hall.
I've written down all the numbers up to thirty-one.
In Spanish six has no accent, but sixteen has one.
Ljubljana was founded in year fifteen of the Julian calendar.
The family likes to watch murder mysteries.
This microbus takes 25 passengers.
I wrote a letter in English language.
I married when I was 19 years old.
There is a rock in my shoe.
They saw an authoriy in him.
There are fifty stars in the American flag.
If you only knew what kind of a situation I am in.
He gave the impression of having much money.
I got the impression that he had a lot of money.
He impressed me with his magic tricks.
I was impressed by his magic tricks.
I couldn't tell what color his shirt was because it was too dark outside.
Could you tell what he said?
He can't tell what is written on the paper.
Can you make out the hummingbird by that bush?
I cannot see the hummingbird, because it is too far away.
The alert witness recognized the criminal.
I located the town on the map.
They are approaching.
Go there with me.
My friend has arrived.
Your friend left town.
Our friends took a walk in the park.
His friends traveled to the town with me.
How many times have you been to Europe?
I bought this suit just for this occasion.
Nobody knows where it is.
I have difficulty paying my rent.
Moving into the new office took her one month.
Why in the world did you do that?
I just don't know why.
He's very efficient.
He plays chess very well.
I hit it really hard.
I went out with my friend.
I saw a man with a red hat.
What will you do with your money?
He met his wife online.
He spoke more and more loudly.
How did you open the box?
What is this banana like?
The box is rotten.
Those bananas are delicious.
You speak Russian, don't you?
You don't speak Vabungula, do you?
Do you really speak Yuelami?
She is both rich and very beautiful.
I sent it. Pray for me.
The Romans would never have had enough time for conquering the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
If you know a lot, you can become anyone.
At last, the Government are listening to the people.
We found her alive.
England are about to win the Ashes.
Go onto the balance beam!
You can even be a president!
He only reads prose.
She only reads prose.
Hasn't Jim arrived yet?
There was an accident.
The relationships of socialisers are often reflected in the distance between them.
So why not just say "If you think you've done enough for Tatoeba to become a trusted_user, write a message to a trusted_user or moderator that speaks your languages and tell them. They will look over your work to check whether you've understood the system or not. If you have, you're in."?
However, what's interesting is that whilst there are people whose computer use has become a problem, there are also people who have recovered from illness because of using computers.
Will you give any discount if I pay in cash?
I like foreign languages!
I have a house in the mountains.
I love Basque.
Close the door please.
I will not be afraid.
I am afraid.
I'm not afraid at all.
The big dog is frightening them.
Why are you angry?
This makes her angry.
I'm afraid we're not in Kansas anymore, said Paul.
I'm afraid of the bus.
My mother speaks little English.
Hi, how are you, my dear friend?
I speak English a lot.
I like to write here.
Do you like to read Tatoeba?
English is the language that dwells in my heart.
I'm living in Scotland.
I need you to help me.
I'm sorry, but I'll have to go home now.
What's her name?
What are you going to go today?
What were they doing yesterday?
Are you going to be on vacation tomorrow?
I am really sorry to hear that.
When will you be coming to Scottland?
Whom are you going to come with?
There is nobody at home who knows that.
I'm sure she is going to sing at church tomorrow.
I think that there is a man there.
I think that it was a lot of fun, indeed!
I hurt my thumb doing a handspring.
The fish was swimming in the water.
I know from experience; playing soccer barefoot is a bad idea. You could easily end up with broken toes.
I'm having a very delicious meal at home.
I know from experience; playing football barefoot is a bad idea. You could easily end up with broken toes.
It's lovely weather today.
It is not raining.
I will see them next week.
Say it.
I don't want to see this either.
I will go to the restaurant at 7:30 pm.
I work hard at a hotel every day.
He does nothing but read books all day long.
They have been reading an interesting book.
We were reading a book and it was a very good one.
My family is fine, thanks.
It was a good and interesting night.
Please tell me what kind of cooking this is.
Please tell me the reason that you were late.
Could you please tell me why your were late?
It is said that the man goes to his house.
I am a man that is always sick.
I am sick only now.
If you speak too fast, I will not be able to understand.
I like to eat.
Do you want to eat?
I am learning Quechua.
He is tall.
They are big.
Are they tall?
Is there water?
Is there hot water?
This man is Pedro.
That man is Raul.
Is there a restaurant around here?
Who is this man?
Through what does this road go?
What is that over there?
When does he come?
Who is Pedro?
How many onions?
I have no wife.
Yes, I am married.
Are you the boss?
Are you the mayor?
I have a house.
I have a table.
Do you have a table?
We will come together.
I've heard barley is yielding fruit in Sisku's field.
You speak very beautiful Quechua.
My cow has worms in its anus.
I have the shits.
I've heard that Mr. Huayllacahua is a carpenter.
The man was bitten by a dog.
I have some houses.
I have big houses.
Is that your house?
Yes, that's my house.
No, that's not my house.
Is it a llama?
I don't want to go with you.
It's not you whom I want to go with.
Are you from the United States?
No, I'm not from the United States.
I am from the Netherlands.
I'm coming from home.
I'm not coming from home.
I like my house.
Let's go to my house!
I'm going to your house.
I'm not going to your house.
I'm going home.
Let's go home.
When I speak Quechua, I am like a child.
Could you be so kind as to speak more slowly, please?
Do you have a brother, Ana?
Do you have a brother, Pedro?
Do you have a sister, Juan?
Do you have a sister, Lucia?
Pedro doesn't have a sister.
Juan doesn't have a brother.
Lucia doesn't have a brother.
Ana doesn't have a sister.
Juanito has four sisters.
Dolores has four sisters.
Maria has four brothers.
I have brothers.
I have sisters.
I don't have a sister.
I don't have a brother.
I don't have four brothers.
I don't have four sisters.
See you next time!
Are you glad to meet me?
Yes, you love me.
It's a house that I give to you.
It's a house that you give to me.
I hear you.
You hear me.
I'm glad you are all here.
I'm glad you are here.
I'm glad to be here.
I would like to make an offering to myself.
I would like to make an offering.
So that Apus will talk to me.
Do you love your dear little dog?
Don't come.
Don't go.
Are you coming with me?
Let's not play.
Let the children play!
Let the children come!
The men are coming.
He left the window open.
Today is Ordibehesht 20.
Today is the 20th of Ordibehesht.
Just imagine that every time somebody made a grammar mistake, people only could answer "Syntax error." and leave the somebody with that.
He does not like us.
When challenged to pronounce "shibboleth", Christopher Columbus did it in such a perfect way, that he was instantly recognized as the new leader of the natives' army.
He waved at her.
And your transfer function, is it stable?
I don't know how to handle it.
Yes, that's certainly an issue.
You read the paper?
You have to take that into account.
Is this a servo or a disturbance-rejection problem?
The optimal order is not 1-2-3 but 3-1-2.
Christopher Columbus did not find fame. It was fame who found Christopher Columbus.
It came to a grand total of 150,000 euros.
It's swings and roundabouts.
Yes, as far as I know.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has offered to resign.
It's a way of making sure that the controller is not too aggressive.
I have a nasty feeling something's gone wrong.
I have a nasty feeling something awful is going to happen.
I have to buy a car this weekend.
I demand that you cease and desist from sending unsolicited emails.
Her father won't come, he is really busy.
That's a pretty hard question to answer.
He shouts a lot.
You can't estimate this state.
"Okay, okay," said the doctor. "I'll definitely take a look at her."
Who knows Hu Jintao's birthday?
Scream it loud!
We don't have any sledders here.
Do you have one that is a little smaller?
You are our pride.
Make the hoe your sword, and the sword your hoe.
I'm going to die tomorrow, and so I won't be free the day after.
One hundred is my favorite number.
You'd better call the doctor.
But Dima would never wear the glasses. Suddenly, his body went limp and he collapsed to the floor.
Christopher Columbus once started a revolution, and then crushed it.
We would like to give a welcome party for the new members when it's convenient for them.
At least let me help carrying the table for you.
I can fly.
I know how to fly.
Do you have a wife?
Do you have a husband?
That is not my big house.
Is that your big house?
Are those your big houses?
Two women are singing.
Four men are singing.
That man over there is Pedro.
That woman over there is Ana.
I would give it to them.
I love him.
I want to wash myself.
I learn Quechua.
I can't hear myself!
It's raining here.
It's snowing here.
It rains there.
It snows there.
It's raining there.
It's snowing there.
I live in a town.
I'm living in a town.
I'm living in a small town.
I want to live in a town.
I want to live in a small town.
I want to live in a big city.
I will go when they come back here.
If you want, I will come back here.
When you speak fast, I can understand.
People in Cusco are glad when we speak Quechua.
I was sad when she was weeping.
Who will weep when I die?
I am glad when I speak Quechua.
What will you do for a living if you can speak Quechua?
While I sing, I'm walking.
We were eating while weeping.
In case you want, I will do it.
What will I do when I have learned to speak Quechua?
I will do it because she said.
Would you not do it, because he says?
Although I tell you to, you don't do it.
Although he says it, she will do it.
I will sing while he is resting.
I will sit here until he sings.
He went to Lima so that he could learn much there.
I have come so that you can inform me.
They are talking about what they will sing.
I sing to make my living.
I am studying with the purpose of being able to speak Quechua.
I am working so that you can learn Quechua.
I do not work so you can be lazy and rest all day long!
I am laughing so that you will be happy.
I must answer your letter.
"What is the plural of Nazi?" - "Assholes."
I remember your face, but I don't remember your name.
I remember her face, but I don't remember her name.
Listen up well to what I say to you.
I prefer bananas rather than apples.
The water is lukewarm.
They've always been petting each other.
The sun burns my eyes.
The author is seventy but he's no less productive than he was twenty years ago.
Tom can't decide.
You should look out for potholes when driving.
In mines you can find valuable minerals.
Tom takes a tablet containing vitamins and minerals every day.
People used to think that women who looked odd were witches.
Yesterday you saw a big man.
Yesterday she saw a big man.
Yesterday he saw a big man.
The penis entered the vagina.
Currently we don't have it in stock.
How much does a bottle of beer cost?
His father won't come. He's very busy.
He screams a lot.
He is screaming a lot.
To avoid injury or discomfort, be sure that the vagina is lubricated before intercourse.
There are comments associated with this question.
I can't find my girlfriend's clitoris.
I am better.
Language can be used in different ways.
We can play with the language.
When we learn languages, we learn fixed expressions.
Were you born in a barn?
Internet Explorer is the world's most popular Web browser.
Stay in touch with the most important people in your life.
His report was a copy-and-paste of another.
I am a Trojan horse, so I have infected your Mac computer.
This is the second time I have arrived in China on my own.
The first time, I spoke pretty much no Chinese at all, and didn't understand China's conventions and customs.
But when I arrived in China that time, I had a family waiting for me.
This time, although I'm more experienced, there's nobody waiting to meet me.
My final destination in China is the city of Harbin in the north-east, about one thousand kilometres from Beijing.
When booking flights, I decided the easiest way would be to fly to Beijing first, then get the train to complete my journey.
Doing it this way was probably the most fun, too.
However, as soon as I saw the situation at the train station I began to regret this decision.
The queue for buying tickets was unbelievably long.
In China, you have to go to the departure station and buy train tickets there.
What's more, you can only buy train tickets one week in advance.
At the train station, once I had figured out where the queue for tickets actually was, I began the long wait.
I didn't arrive in Harbin until very late, and the queue for taxis was already extremely long.
Not long after I joined the queue, a man approached and asked if I wanted a taxi.
"But I'm already queuing," I tell him.
I am suspicious that this is an illegal taxi.
"You don't have to queue for my car," he offers.
"Is it an illegal taxi?" I ask him.
"Then I don't want it," I reply.
That evening, the university held a meeting for foreign students and Chinese students studying foreign languages.
Without warning, the teachers ask students from each country to take the microphone and explain to everyone their reasons for coming to Harbin.
When it comes to my turn to speak, I confuse the words 'standard' and 'common', and end up saying that the north-eastern accent is 'the most common'.
Fortunately, everybody understood what this foreigner meant, knew I was only making a fool of myself, and laughed at me.
In Harbin, many people invite me to their homes to have dinner.
This laowai, how classy!
Worried, the shopkeeper ran over and kneeled beside Dima, who was breathing heavily - his forehead covered in sweat.
I'm scared shitless.
This is not very stylish.
This manga is pretty popular in China.
It's clear that there's a rather strong disagreement between the two.
It's stable because all the roots of this equation are negative.
Are men who don't drink still men?
If you didn't eat the cake I made, then your sister did.
The better he knows the language, the less he likes it.
There are too many people here. Let's go somewhere else.
What more would you want?
Her head was bursting with new ideas.
Your head was bursting with new ideas.
She blamed others for her own failure.
You blamed others for your own failure.
Take a walk every day.
You have already eaten.
He has already eaten.
She has already eaten.
They already have eaten.
Take my hand. The two of us are going to construct a utopia.
In a horrifying chain of events, Christopher Columbus once bit his own lip.
Are you listening?
You're a sicko!
He's a sucker for beautiful women.
Would you leave the door open, please?
Would you lend me your bicycle?
Would you lend me your dictionary?
Would you lend me your pencil?
Let's go to the teahouse!
Would you lend your dictionary to me?
I dreamed about you.
Please let go of my arm.
I like to leave things up in the air.
At last, my elder sister got married.
The hunter shot the fox dead.
Do you trust her?
Where does he want to go?
Where does she want to go?
Hi, I'd like a deep-fried pizza roll.
She won many competitions.
You won many competitions.
They won many competitions.
Maybe you licked it?
What kind of public events do you enjoy attending?
The sale of cigarettes should be banned.
Choose a particular event you remember well.
Teaching children is easier than teaching adults.
A lot of people exceed the speed limit so it must be acceptable.
Insurance fraud is a crime without a victim.
I'd like to know if that's true.
Please look after my luggage.
Would you look after my cat?
Would you please look after my dog tomorrow?
Would you please look after the children?
Would you please look over my report?
It took me a little more time than usually to fall asleep.
It's easy to catch a cold.
My French is crappy.
That's true as well.
You can remove the NNC.
My French is shitty.
Doom has been ported to a calculator.
How could there be unbroken eggs under a toppled nest?
Hey, twirp! This here is our territory!
Hurry up, we are leaving!
She scoffed at my poem.
How much of what I've written here do you understand?
The road is crowded so we probably won't get in promised time.
I'm very busy so probably I won't be able to come tomorrow.
It gets very cold tonight. Maybe it will snow tomorrow.
I have to pay more attention to myself.
I think that everyone has to make efforts to save nature.
Since I've entered that school, I have to write weekly reports just like Japanese students do.
Have to go back now.
My neighbour's name is Deng Daping.
Some bugs were fixed.
Simplicity in design attracts users.
All your entertainment in one place.
There aren't supposed to be any men in this house.
I like watching lesbian porn.
This site contains sexually explicit material and is intended solely for adults only!
A list of required hardware is available here.
This page contains technical information that might be useful when you're trying to solve a problem.
She has big boobs.
It might be worthwhile to seek advice from your doctor.
I don't know Spanish, but with the help of a Spanish-German dictionary, I nevertheless understood your letter to some extent.
I'm sure there is nobody as kind as you are the whole world.
What a planet might need to spawn life?
His eyes got stuck on the canvas on the wall.
It's not that simple.
It's not as simple as that.
We tend to perceive what we expect to perceive.
More information is needed to recognize an unexpected phenomenon.
You need to face the facts.
Understand the key factors that shape an issue.
The sniper is driving a white van.
How much confidence exists that this assumption is correct?
She thinks about cocks all the time.
Under Europa's icy crust might be water ocean.
Sapient beings are far more advanced than humans.
His remuneration consists of a base salary plus commissions.
If you think that it's in school - seated in a chair and listening to a teacher - that you learn a language, then boy are you off.
If you think that I'm still going to help a bastard like you, then you couldn't be any further away from the truth.
There has been a case of death in his family.
There has been a case of death in her family.
There has been a case of death in your family.
The little bumpkin bought a big pumpkin.
The angry chimp went up the sidewalk and ripped everybody's face off.
He was loved by everyone that knew him.
I was sacked yesterday.
The criminal was arrested.
The tiger was killed.
I am afraid it's too late.
My car was stolen by a thief.
That child was told off by the teacher.
My beer was finished off by my room-mate.
He made me so angry that I got a headache.
He was beaten to within an inch of his life.
The army was unexpectedly attacked.
Due to global warming, cities could be completely submerged.
Her toy was broken by her little sister.
It was her little sister that broke her toy.
I was woken up by the noise of the traffic outside.
Don't get caught.
Don't get yourself killed.
In this final tutorial, we look at multivariable cases.
It is generally assumed that fundamental constants such as c have the same value throughout spacetime, meaning that they do not depend on location and do not vary with time.
Shanghaiing is a practice from the mid-19th Northwest United States that consisted of conscripting men as sailors by coercive techniques.
Her party won the most votes in the election.
He should be a psychic detective.
A fortune teller once told Christopher Columbus that he would become a famous man. Columbus, in turn, got angry and demanded his money back - claiming that even a child could state something so obvious.
It's pretty freaking cold outside.
I want to become an engineer.
I took two cups of coffee.
He looked in all directions, but didn't see anyone.
I want that one.
I want to say that word.
What's that vocabulary?
I can't understand this word.
I can't understand that word.
This drink is very delicious.
That food is very tasteful.
I'm a Japanese teacher.
I like the Japanese language very much.
I want to buy a cheap dictionary.
I don't understand Dutch, because it's difficult.
I can't speak fluent Indonesian yet.
You want to go via the tunnel?
That's his business.
You want to learn Russian? But that's even more vulgar than French!
Don't trust him. Like everyone else, he's looking out for himself.
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
There is something in my eye.
Other members received less severe verdicts by the court.
He was sentenced to 200 hours of unpaid work.
I am Anthony.
He was charged with acquiring criminal property.
It is gross to kick autistic children.
She isn't picky.
Put the patient on his back.
Don't call me anymore.
My computer's acting strange.
You're the first person I told that to.
I majored in psychology.
He got lost on his way here.
This bus is going to Minsk.
Let's get the party started.
They decided on the date and location of their wedding.
She is a tender girl of questionable morals.
Would you please mail this letter by airmail?
He likes his coffee black.
Did you understand what he said?
It's three hours door-to-door.
They told me that I would feel a little better if I took this medicine.
What would driving a car be without doom metal?
I think I've got it.
Signing off, gonna take a shower.
You must not stop on the hard shoulder to go to the toilet.
This application just eats up your battery.
But words are words; I never yet did hear. That the bruised heart was pierced through the ear.
The Naxi language is spoken in Southwest China.
Let's order two bottles.
It's difficult for me to solve this problem.
As I sat and played the dutar, I thought of you.
You want to get a beating?
What is usually the cause for the pain?
What usually causes the pain?
What is the usual cause for the pain?
The people are suffering.
Please don't make such a loud noise.
He likes to smoke tobacco.
She likes to smoke tobacco.
It likes to smoke tobacco.
That's a total lie.
He is crazy about jazz.
The death of one man is a tragedy, the death of millions is a statistic.
I like Ozodbek's songs.
I've quit using French with you.
I'm drunk, but I can still speak German.
The local name of Tsez is "cezyas mec".
If you had told me the truth, I would not be angry now.
This website seems quite good.
If you want to keep meat for a long time, freeze it.
When my father heard my wife was pregnant, he couldn't have talked a bluer streak.
He has little clotting factor, so even the tiniest paper cut bleeds and bleeds.
My printer's black ink is defective; it bleeds across the page if I touch it with my finger.
America bleeds credit.
He devoted a whole poem to the blueness of his victim's eyes, which the two policemen read out loud to one another through hysterical, tearful laughter.
I just want to hop into my boat and sally forth into the great blueness.
The ocean's blueness comes from the same atmospheric conditions that make the sky blue.
Jeannie's hair was bluer than her eyes.
As his lips got bluer, I nervously waited for the ambulance.
Jeans manufacturers make denim bluer with indigo dye.
"The Aristocrats" is one of the world's bluest jokes.
Snippy had the bluest blood of all his crab brethren.
Branching out to other people is one of the hardest things for some of his patients to do.
Looks like the Japanese maple is finally branching.
Branching and merging are two basic operations of revision control.
The server farm suffered extensive breakage after the earthquake.
The breakage goes from the ankle to the knee. It's like the bone just disintegrated.
Any more breakage and you'll never curate a blown glass exhibit in this town again!
Brightening teeth is a multimillion- or multibillion-dollar industry.
Brightening your monitor should only require one button.
Brightening the display on most cell phones reduces their battery life significantly.
Kathy set about brightening her coworkers' day with fresh muffins when her demoniac alter ago, High Priestess Lilith, convinced her to poison them.
Philadelphia's nickname, "the City of Brotherly Love," is simply a translation from the Greek roots of the city's name.
Relations between the heads of state in this region have been convivial, even brotherly.
In an oddly brotherly drunken gesture, Cole tried to give his roommate a noogie.
Most builders I've seen in town just get everything they need from the big-box hardware stores.
Oh, he was just talking about how children are the builders of tomorrow or some other bullshit.
You can tell from the jargon alone that these instructions were written for experienced builders and not the average consumer.
Right now I don't have any time.
And like that it's correct?
There's nothing better than a good onion soup to drive away the hangover after a night of drinking.
One thing I love about the internet is its timelessness.
So you are really offering me a Roflex watch for 5 dollars?
Did you ever try keeping your flat completely free from dust?
Oh luck! Like the moon, you steadily change, you always grow and then wither again.
I'll stop speaking to you in French.
Jig, reel and hornpipe are the most popular irish dances.
I'd never say something like that.
He's in the well.
She's in the well.
It's in the well.
We're in the well.
They're in the well.
The money is in the well.
The cat is in the well.
There's no water in the well.
There isn't any water in the well.
Could you please show me your boarding pass?
Would you please stay here for a while?
If only I had wings!
If only the two of us would meet!
Would you please turn on the TV?
Won't you please write with a ballpoint pen?
"The floor is dirty!" the shopkeeper reprimanded him. "You haven't even paid for the suit yet, and you're already getting it dirty!"
Would you please write with a ballpoint pen?
"I'm sorry," Dima apologized. "I just had the strangest feeling."
Would you please write your name here?
"What kind of feeling?" the shopkeeper asked.
"I feel like..." Dima started to say. "I feel like I haven't done anything for the last 150,000 sentences."
What's your favorite kind of sushi?
My father asked me to open the door.
My mother bought me a new bicycle.
Could you please turn down the heat?
Please introduce me to a cute girl.
You must stay the night.
These young people are talking loudly amongst themselves and have absolutely no regard for those around them.
I think I'm going to stay here.
I think I'm gonna stay here.
I can't.
Oh, come on! You gotta at least spend the night. We haven't seen you for so long.
Are you drunk enough to speak German once again?
Christopher Columbus's secret love letters to Queen Isabella - undiscovered for centuries - have been rumored to rival, if not surpass, the Kama Sutra.
When the landlord's away, the tenants will play.
Being an anglophone is a double-edged sword. On one hand, you speak perfectly the world's most useful language. But on the other, no one wants to speak anything else with you - making foreign language acquisition difficult.
It's not blood. It's beet.
Regardless whether it's a lie or the truth, I won't believe you.
I'm sick.
Imogen of the Internet blatantly forsakes web accessibility guidelines when redesigning her Tumblr for the twelfth time today.
Imogen of the Internet is torn between filling out the music sections of all her online profiles and ensuring that none of her friends will have ever heard of her favorite bands in order to protect their precious obscurity.
Up to 60% of Imogen of the Internet's nonverbal social cues are snarky hashtags.
Imogen of the Internet cannot look at a cat, even a dead one, without coming up with a blood-curdlingly saccharine, egregiously misspelled caption in 60-point white Impact.
Whether or not Imogen of the Internet will live out her life without causing national scandal depends entirely on Mark Zuckerberg's privacy policies.
Imogen of the Internet can type over 110 words per minute, but runs a 20-minute mile. The rest of her family has the opposite problem.
He is daydreaming.
The "buddy system" is a way to stay safe while hiking in the woods, except when encountering pregnant bears, which eat for two or even three or four.
Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working.
This situation is funny.
Black money scandal, 11th of September, expenseuro, the Old Europe, Hartz IV, Madame Chancellor, fanmile, climatic catastrophe, financial crisis, wreckage bonus and citizen of anger are the last ten words of the year in Germany.
He returned to Japan.
This is a great idea.
Once we thought that Man couldn't fly.
Even a nightingale isn't without its gall.
It's easier to lose a village than get a home.
Ken is about as tall as Bill.
It's possible that the drinking water has chlorine, lead, or similar contaminants in it.
Better supervision is required. This place is nothing but confusion. For example, there is too much replication which only wastes time and energy.
The term neural net was traditionally used to name a network or circuit of biological neurons.
It makes sense.
I bought a camera not long ago.
Her skin is more white than snow.
He complimented me.
It's a problem, however you look at it.
It's three miles longer than I can walk.
If the cat is outside, the mice dance on the table.
The structure already has some defects.
It's blatantly obvious.
I was born and educated in Tokyo.
What is better than friendship?
You must be crazy to go into the snow without a coat.
If you ever do that again, be careful!
My father became old.
I am a foreigner.
That makes sense.
You wouldn't have needed to do that.
When I got out of bed, the sun was already high in the sky.
All my pains are nothing compared to yours.
Our neighbour bought himself a charming horse.
You always make such nonsense!
I'll play with Naoko this afternoon.
There are people who work in the night, and sleep in the day.
Your dog is still barking at me.
I still can't get her out of my head.
Do you think I'm joking?
I think that he is as he should be.
Just is the glory that is the fruit of bravery.
It's a lifesize statue.
We'll hide in Egypt.
Marc, whose spirit is timid, hid himself, fearing danger.
I hugged him tightly and cried.
I don't regret it.
I wanted to phone you, but I thought you wouldn't get it so I didn't phone you in the end.
Tonight in the night sky, the stars are shining very brightly.
She wouldn't even piss on me if I were on fire.
That's not a bear anymore. That's bear goo.
That boy can't be very healthy, as he only eats fast foods.
This smell might come from the oven!
The sausages must be burnt now!
This chicken is too chewy to have been cooked correctly.
Daddy must be able to cook at least one egg!
The herb used in that pasta sauce might be parsley.
Lucy might be able to help you, if you can't cook dinner for ten people alone.
He might not have eaten for days.
It might be a wedding.
It must be a very expensive restaurant!
The child who ate almost all this cake must be very fat.
It must be a birthday cake!
I have two brothers and three sisters.
The sentences "Let's eat grandpa." and "Let's eat, grandpa." are only one proof that punctuation can change a lot.
The method is wicked.
He looks forward to having 200 visitors.
Health is worth more than gold.
Luckily, we found an escape route.
If a mouse only has one hole, it will soon perish.
If jumps too high the rat - it's captured by the cat.
May the firmament not fall upon him.
The hunter explored the appearance of the sky.
Even the sky conspires against us.
Acquired by sin - there's no profit within.
Be born, get married, and die; always bring money.
Time and circumstances bring wisdom.
I understand it more or less.
According to what she said, he's culpable.
He made a pack for the clothes, bound together with rope.
I hate chalk. It leaves powder on your hands.
Give me the metal bucket with the oil in it.
Where is the vodka?
The United States is next to Canada.
She planted the flower bulb in the garden.
The boss strolled around the balcony above the office, observing the workers.
The tip of the knife blade is sharp.
The tip of the knife is sharp.
Those whose bones were exhumed to build the new catacombs could not be reached for comment.
How many people are going for the trip?
I went to Bali on summer holiday.
Why do not we go home?
The exit flowrate is proportional to the pressure difference around the exit valve.
Is the system linear?
A person who is sapiosexual feels attracted by the intelligence of another person more than by outward appearance.
Please call again.
Do you have dried salted beef?
Are you against recycling?
Damn! Swiss trains have everything!
There are people you have to watch through the beer goggles.
We don't know each other.
The band are very excited about their upcoming tour.
Who is this lady?
He has boozy breath.
She's not here.
Take your clothes off, please.
Take him away.
It's a cloak-and-dagger operation.
The camping trip was really in tents.
No matter if black, brown, yellow or normal, all people should have the same rights.
They haven't heard from him in a long time.
I spent the whole day reading that novel.
He wants me to approach it with care.
Eventually, he returned the sword to its sheath.
There are many famous historic buildings in Kyoto.
Swinging their swords with two hands, the warriors bravely battled their enemies to the end.
Thanks to you, the backlog of tedious work has been completed.
It is common for students to go to school without eating breakfast.
It is common for students to skip breakfast before going to school.
She has large breasts.
Please let me know when you are ready to order.
Please tell me where the police station is.
I truly fear that nothing is left for us to eat.
I want to sleep with your wife.
If only I were such a beautiful and talented person.
Don't ask her out, demand her out!
If there are two in a room and three go out, one must go in, so that none is in the room.
I went to Bali for summer vacation.
He suddenly became very happy.
It doesn't matter if you have received schooling or not.
What has your friend been doing recently?
I like to do oil painting, but I don't intend to make that my lifelong occupation.
This is definitely the best way.
I made twenty blurry shots to have one almost correct!
Businesses often have a list of 5-10 'mission statements' featured in their brochures, on their websites or hanging in their office detailing the values they hold as a form of communication to their employees, their clients and the public.
If you are a potential employee then you should be aware of what the company stands for and how it treats its employees before attending an interview.
If you need to use the services of a company, you may be interested to know what standards they work towards before choosing to work with them.
The guitarist threw himself into the crowd.
You may not agree with some of their major policies and this could affect your working relationship.
Many on-line companies need to have a new approach to business to survive.
This shows they have listened to the needs of their clients.
This implies a fun and relaxed working atmosphere where team achievement is highly valued, communication is extremely important and traditional 3-hour meetings have been replaced by informal chats in the queue for coffee.
Gotta go.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered down.
Arms export was prohibited.
Weapons export was prohibited.
The number of looks equals the number of people.
He thought up an excuse.
My sister irons my pants.
My mother doesn't like to watch TV.
Please don't worry.
My father often helps me with my homework.
It is not necessary for us to attend this lecture.
I'm so tired.
World War I began in the year 1914.
Did you just get to know him?
I am fed up with his behaviour.
In fact, he too loved her.
Marriage isn't really something that young people are interested in.
This tradition originates from China.
His father passed away last year.
There's no need to worry.
He met with a tragic death in an ambush.
I am the most junior staff in my office.
It was decided that the manager, as the company's representative, would go overseas on business trips once a week.
"I love you" - I could never say something like that.
I'd better stay out of that debate as I don't want any trouble.
I am an electrician.
Isn't this flower beautiful?
Free advice isn't always good advice.
Dry leaves float on the water's surface.
I left my keys on the table. Could I trouble you to bring them to me?
Please tell me about it.
I don't have any money and I don't have any friends either.
A lightyear is the distance that light travels in one year.
I really would like to meet another Esperantist some day...
How can I pay my bills without work!
That burger was terrible!
I'd like to go to France one day.
I always wanted to see an Esperanto convention before I die.
You may write in any language you want. On Tatoeba, all languages are equal.
Do not disturb.
He who demands much, gets much. He who demands too much, gets nothing.
I was born in a world you may not understand.
Who excels in studies can follow an official career.
She is popular not because of her beauty, but because of her kindness.
He feels like he's singled out.
We had dinner in an expensive restaurant and stayed at a high-class hotel.
It's finally Friday.
It will snow tomorrow according to the weather forecast.
The next train arriving at platform 2 will depart for Shibuya at 4:35pm.
My older sister goes jogging every day.
He has a big family.
She has a big family.
Your efforts came to nothing.
I love her because of how patient she is.
I love her because she is patient.
The thief cut the telephone lines before breaking into the house.
Do you like the movie?
His bike is better than mine.
If you want to learn a language well, learn it yourself.
Hope is when you suddenly run to the kitchen like a mad man to check if the empty chocolate cookie box you just finished an hour ago is magically full again.
I am embarrassed.
Alain is the human protagonist of the novel.
What a bad girl!
One day someone tagged the Tales of Columbus as "lie" on Tatoeba, and Columbus came to remove them.
The new Tatoeba website will use a home-made "hyper" database, a "made-from-scratch" search engine, and will run on a tatoebux-OS server with a tatoetel CPU made entirely out of tatoebium.
That's shit!
All day long there was a steady stream of people going in and out of the bank.
An hexagon is a shape.
An hexagon has six sides.
My dad's name is Fritz.
I think food is expensive in Japan.
Oscar was my mum's dog.
It is now safe to turn off your computer and read a book.
Columbus, Ericson, and Magellan once walked into a bar. Only Columbus walked out.
It needs itself.
Who says sentences have to be serious?
I think the sentence would sound more natural like that.
Where is the ox going?
The superior man is affected towards animals: having seen them alive, he cannot bear to see them die; having heard their cries, he cannot bear to eat their flesh.
It is because you do not do it, not because you are not able to do it.
That's what makes the difference.
What's your point?
Step on it!
I don't like spring.
Does she know your telephone number?
There is no use in making excuses.
Science is still not capable of solving all of life's problems.
He was a brave sentry.
Nazi comparisons are inappropriate in every situation.
She said that she's living in Osaka.
A car is a machine for turning fuel into obesity.
Jesus Christ converted to Buddhism.
His loneliness was as deep as the blue of the ocean around his dugout canoe.
French are better gardeners than Germans: they have green hands whereas their neighbours only have green thumbs.
The standard pitch A is used as referential pitch for tuning most of all instruments and is set to 440 Hertz.
Last night I dreamed of you.
I cannot stand you anymore.
I cannot stand this anymore.
What were you doing when I called this morning?
Only time will tell.
Your voice made me cry.
She's a real gossip.
Her father is tall.
Are you a walking dictionary?
Why do you people fight so much?
There are almost no gunfights in Japan.
You should learn from his example.
Columbus was notorious for using the "wave-the-white-flag-then-open-fire" technique, and won many battles this way.
I'm sorry. We've finished boarding.
I decided to learn Esperanto today.
How did you learn Esperanto?
I lost my patience.
One of my Japanese teachers said "honya honya" instead of "blah blah." My ensuing laughter nearly gave me a hernia.
Is there anybody in the house?
I am thinking of closing my savings account.
This might not be a genuine diamond.
His latest musical pieces are just variants of his earlier work.
Could you exchange rooms with me?
We ate curry rice last night.
I noticed a note on my desk, but I do not know who wrote it.
As long as you keep quiet, you can stay here.
Krista's curt, businesslike tone put off her clients at the maternity ward, especially on their special days.
The prime minister's businesslike approach to welfare reform earned him accolades among the upper class.
This pantsuit is perfect for the successful businesswoman.
Five businesswomen started an association that would eventually become a powerful national lobby.
A businesswoman by day, Natasja leads a nightlife unfit for print.
Each of us is like the moon: there is a dark side of us that we do not let others see.
Subjugation of the lower classes is important to our covert centralization of resources.
Stay calm.
With bronze as a mirror one can dress neatly; with the example of another person one can see the advantages and disadvantages of himself; from the mirror of history one can know the reason for the rise and fall of states.
At the end of the sleep the dormant awakes.
What is her husband like?
How am I to get in?
He has a huge cock.
She has sagging tits and her husband has a limp noodle.
Time wounds all heels.
I panicked when I read that they expect big protests in Riyadh today, but then my wife reassured me, saying that she had just bought two bottles of olive oil, ensuring our living standard for months, even if oil prices were to explode.
You're one of them too, aren't you?!
Flies high the cow and low the cattle, a twister does the farmyard rattle.
This sentence is mine.
My house is next to the big tree.
When chickens pancake-shape maintain, the tractor must have won again.
Saeb is really fond of Horace.
When in the barn the heating fails, cubic shape the milk yield takes.
Do abbots mow hay? Never do abbots mow hay! Abbots pray.
He quickly read through the abstracts to find the paper he was looking for.
As far as restaurants, canteens, cafeterias or similar things are concerned, "feedback" may be the wrong word.
Bill can speak a little Japanese.
Bill speaks a little Japanese.
I can't stand that man.
I often read books.
As she's a very practical person, she often fixes her friends' cars.
When my brother was young, I often used to take him to the park.
If I had the money, I would often go out and have fun.
As soon as I have a dog, I'll start going for walks frequently.
It's not difficult to learn Dutch.
He's not my boyfriend. Just a friend with benefits.
He's not my boyfriend. We're just friends with benefits.
He's not a big drinker, but his friends all like to drink, so he often gets drunk.
It can be overdone.
I'm afraid my grandma neither has a henhouse nor a motorcycle.
Work makes free.
Work liberates.
They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.
To be or not to be?
How to be a good contributor on Tatoeba?
Xiaoli often loses sleep because his neighbours are always arguing loudly.
He feels at home.
This is the best restaurant known to me.
This is the best restaurant I know of.
The world is blue, and so are you.
An earthquake, 8.9 on the Richter scale, hits Japan and causes a massive tsunami.
Tsunamis swept through rice fields and flooded the towns.
National rescue teams are on standby ready to fly to Japan.
Everyone is hoping nothing bad will ever happen in Japan.
We are all praying for Japan.
Don't pay attention to him.
"You, Sir, are an imperialist!" "And you, Sir, are a troll."
The price that the famous pay for their celebrity is a lack of privacy.
She got all flustered when the boy she likes came over to talk to her.
I can't trust such a man.
She paid me a visit yesterday.
Bill dove into the river to save the drowning child.
I like corn dogs.
Pardon me, what place is this?
A massive earthquake of magnitude 8.8 hit the Japanese islands today.
Even now there are occasional aftershocks.
Currently, it is a situation in which transport links in the metropolitan area have been paralyzed due to the earthquake.
It is expected that the tsunami surge will be ten meters or less.
A lot of buildings collapsed in Japan due to the earthquake yesterday.
It's just like a nightmare.
The thief was caught red handed.
Mom was busy with her sewing.
A tiger is a very ferocious kind of animal.
I prefer coffee.
He enjoyed reading detective stories.
Each person paid one thousand dollars.
You're holding my hand in the photo.
I'll return at half past six.
I went to Kyoto by car.
Prices will continue to rise.
Daddy, may I go out and play?
If it's convenient, please come here tonight.
Look at the girl over there.
I just want someone to talk to.
There isn't much furniture in my house.
I am a Muslim.
How does one find the least visited pages, and what does one do with them?
Several children are playing on the sandy beach.
Several children are playing on the beach.
Could you shut the door?
Did you forget the door?
What do big boys do when they come into a room, Johnny?
Nobody intends to erect a wall.
He is a compulsive gambler.
I'm resting.
I'm eating lunch.
I study art history.
I'm studying art history.
The bus stops at Hotel Iceland.
Which guitar is yours?
Paul is more vigorous than Marc.
My garden is small.
Perhaps will he never become famous.
Please don't touch the exhibits.
He decided to submit his resignation.
That's not exactly what I had in mind.
Someone should talk to him and tell him what's what.
His jokes had us in stitches.
My dad thinks my boyfriend is a real whack job.
No one in their right mind would walk in those woods at night.
That hotel really goes the extra mile to make sure their guests feel at home.
Godwin's law teaches us that any infinite discussion about an arbitrary subject converges to a Nazi comparison.
The actress is studying her role.
Sometimes I wonder when the first world championship in cyberbullying will take place.
Humility often gains more than pride.
Human pride is human weakness.
Dropboxes are often handy, but Imogen of the Internet still emails things to herself because (and I quote) "it's vintage."
No doubt. He's a warmonger.
Imogen of the Internet can connect to dial-up BBSes by whistling into a funnel attached to a phone line.
It's five and you're still not in bed! You just came back from the bar, didn't you?
He has come!
He's stalling for time.
He's behaving oddly.
Even though he's got a lot of girlfriends, he's still not a player.
I must say that your writing is at a pretty good level!
It's my bad.
There are times when I find you really interesting.
To be honest, I've gradually come to dislike the life here.
Mathematicians are creative artists, their artworks being sophisticated constructs of ideas and aesthetic proofs.
If you have hope, then you'll certainly find happiness, and will become a role model for others as well.
The two of us are still rather young, and so we don't have this kind of problem.
If you find a bad wife and get married to her, then it will certainly be difficult to be happy later.
There are many ways to improve one's life.
People grow more cynical with age.
The weight of the world is a dangerous thing to try to bear. Take only a small fraction, and the rest of it will soon follow - crushing you.
What did Brainless and Unhappy do?
Do Tatoeba contributors sleep?
That's just low and atrocious.
That has nothing to do with this problem.
That has something to do with this problem.
Open Sesame!
Growing centrist sentiment threatens to upset America's traditional two-party system.
His wide-ranging stances on various issues cement him as a centrist.
Many commentators regard Obama as a centrist.
Why don't you actually consider your situation instead of just chancing it?
Chancing upon an unusually beautiful woman one table away, Julian began to visibly shake.
To one of the head psychologists, the depression criteria didn't quite characterize this group of girls.
Is this kid autistic or does he have ADHD? His behavior is hard to characterize either way.
Drunken fights and more drunken sex characterize their excuse for a relationship.
If you had to characterize your wife in three words, which ones would you pick?
In a characteristically awkward move, Regis patted his guest on the arm.
The fun thing about crowdsourcing is letting other people do the work for us.
God help your mortal soul.
How characteristically quirky of him to give you both a dozen roses and a dozen camellias, and have them fight to the death!
You can tell this is college radio. First of all, they actually play records; secondly, they keep playing them at the wrong speed.
Em dashes were named after Dorothy's aunt.
This is the last train.
How shameful!
In the past the world was thought to be flat.
In the past it was thought the world was flat.
My grandfather was given a gold watch when he retired.
I was told by my teacher to hand my homework by Friday.
The two boys were stopped and searched by the police.
It is said the house is haunted.
When the sun of culture sets, the dwarfs too look like giants.
Do abbots mow hay? Abbots never mow hay. Abbots pray!
This writer is Russian.
My friend is Indian.
I teach biology and French.
You must be very talented, so as I!
You're probably as very talented as I am!
I have relatives in Milan.
Tell me who you haunt, I'll tell you who you are.
He bought a ticket for Paris.
Bill, have you taken Spot for a walk yet?
He requested a blow job.
She didn't like horsemeat, initially.
Fry.
Your turn to split!
Thank you so much! I am alive.
It's shaking! Ah!
Everyone who uses Esperanto or works for it, is an Esperantist, and every Esperantist has the complete right, in Esperanto, to see only the language as a simple, cold tool for international comprehension.
Every one of his songs was a hit.
Every one of her songs was a hit.
Sadly, many Japanese people died.
There's going to be a tsunami!
He is the tallest person in the class.
The rest follows naturally.
This app will let you sync your photos and music between all your devices.
From that distance, the ship is similar to an island.
From that distance, the ship resembles an island.
Something tells me that you're hiding something.
In reply, he didn't say even a word.
When the rain stopped, he went out for a walk.
It would seem that the Chinese can't restrain themselves from speaking English with me, even though they know that I speak Chinese and that I'm not English.
He can't answer their questions.
The brave sentry thinks it's funny that most Spanish 3rd-person-sentences have six possible ways of being translated to German.
When will we have arrived?
Although a lickspit licks spit and an ass-kisser kisses asses, both expressions are used for people who are tarred with the same brush.
My foot hurts.
The One is the beginning of all things.
The world is a sacred vessel that cannot be acted on. Whoever acts on it will ruin it; whoever holds on to it will lose it.
We ran down to the riverbank.
Difficult things in the world must have their beginnings in the easy; big things must have their beginnings in the small.
Rulers who posses the Way are raised by heaven, supported by the earth and assisted by the spirits.
It was reported that a coach collided with an SUV on the motorway last week.
The politician was thought to be telling the truth.
The police are believed to have arrested the wrong woman.
We're getting a new car next month.
What time did he get there?
I can never make my son to eat any vegetables.
I can never get my son to eat any vegetables.
I don't get the joke.
I don't get the mistake.
In Italy, during summer, it doesn't get dark until about nine o'clock.
Hang on a minute.
My sister didn't own up to breaking the lamp, instead she made up some story about aliens coming to Earth with the objective of destroying every piece of yellow furniture.
Try to raise this topic when you speak to her!
The aeroplane set off early in the morning.
This morning we ran into heavy traffic on the motorway.
I'd love to find out why she said so.
Rooms should be left vacant by eleven a.m. on the day of departure.
Come on, Arianna, speed up or we'll never get there!
My friends stood by me during the court case.
Cats love to run after balls of wool.
My mother used to pick me up every day when I was at primary school.
Here you can see beautiful colour combinations.
Coming face to face with a dinosaur was a funny experience.
More and more students are joining the protests.
I was having such a good time at the party that I didn't want to come home.
Unfortunately, my teachers are not the worst ones.
Some teachers peel potatoes while teaching.
Some teachers look for their hair while teaching.
I'd like to go abroad one day.
The shadow of the stick is visible.
Inspired by her teachers, Pharamp is going to start her solar career tomorrow.
Make sure you don't listen too loud with these new earphones!
Nobody understood why the elephant suddenly turned on its owner.
The phone company cut me off last month.
They can carry on their conversation tomorrow.
The prisoner asked for a piece of cake.
I didn't bring this topic up with her.
I want to sum up this passage for you.
All in all, I enjoyed the lecture.
You're so predictable.
You're such a mean man.
She's got such lovely eyes.
It's almost midnight here.
Imogen of the Internet expresses genuine surprise that other people's favorite radio stations are not M3U streams from servers halfway across the world.
They're taking us for cash cows.
Imogen of the Internet has dyed her hair all 216 web-safe colors at some point in her life. She is a natural #663300.
What you're saying isn't logical.
He took the reality of the situation lightly and failed.
He hasn't been around lately.
I don't know how to express my gratitude.
Since you're here, we might as well begin.
The recent news about the Fukushima I nuclear power plant will likely strengthen the cause of the advocates who want to let our local nuclear power plant's license expire.
A nearby town even considered becoming part of the neighboring state. They really just wanted lower taxes.
If Sarah Palin is elected president, Canada will be flooded with American immigrants.
The consequences of Sendai's earthquake were dreadful!
Yesterday, I cooked Okonomiyaki.
I made it for the first time.
We went to the Asian supermarket.
The Okonomiyaki was very delicious.
In Japan, I often ate okonomiyaki.
The English title is "Norwegian Wood".
Kenichi Matsuyama's acting is very good.
It is also a good movie.
Have you read Haruki Murakami's book?
How was it?
My roommate is learning Chinese.
He goes to China in May.
I don't understand Chinese, but I want to learn.
The Japanese and Chinese pronunciation for kanji is very different, isn't it?
It's not spring yet.
This is also a good movie.
I rode my bicycle a lot today.
Luckily, it was warm this week.
I like spring.
I am studying kanji.
I want to be able to read Japanese.
It's difficult to read kanji.
I bought ingredients for curry on Sunday.
I made curry for the first time.
I included onions, carrots, and potatoes.
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.
I often ate curry in Japan.
I went to CoCo Ichiban every week.
The curry was very delicious.
There are many houses destroyed by the earthquake.
The Japan Meteorological Agency has revised the magnitude of the eastern Japan quake from 8.8 to 9.0, the largest recorded in world history.
It was announced that there is a high possibility of the fuel within the nuclear reactor of Nuclear Plant 1 melting.
Even now, from time to time there are aftershocks happening.
It's pissing rain out there!
Since it's raining, I'd better go home.
I've no way of telling whether or not what he says is true.
I want you to commit seppuku.
Elephants are several times the size of mice.
The word "the" is optional in this sentence.
Many people were late for the concert.
Terrence has a hard time explaining his ideas to his coworkers, and his code is characteristically unreadable.
A tsunami is coming, so please be on the alert.
According to functionalist theory, acne outbreaks provide a necessary limit on the number of prom attendees.
Vera had to disassociate herself from her former best friends, who got into drugs.
Sexual abuse victims often disassociate from their trauma.
We have to move very carefully.
Try to disassociate all the confounding variables.
Anders disassociated himself from an increasingly corrupt board of directors.
Salmonella outbreaks blemished spinach importers' reputation for running clean factories.
She stayed inside during herpes outbreaks.
Chicken pox outbreaks have inspired many children's parties.
These streets see more and more outbreaks of vigilante violence.
The salesman claimed the windshield was unbreakable, testing it with a punch that went straight through it.
After a few dozen unrequited infatuations, Herb's heart became unbreakable.
An unbreakable walnut in Bern has taken several casualties: 17 nutcrackers, 29 teeth, and a hammer.
Ursula's outburst was rather unbusinesslike.
Hit me.
He is lost in the twentieth century.
All he cares about is his image.
I've boldfaced the articles that I found interesting.
We are looking for a place to stay.
We are searching for a place to stay.
It is not worth repairing this camera.
Is it possible to repair the washing machine?
I wonder what materials the garment is made of.
What time does the shop close?
I can only advise everyone to take three days and learn Toki Pona.
Would you know where there is a pharmacy that is open till late?
I think I should see a doctor.
Is there a mistake in the telephone number?
It is necessary to lose weight.
It's better to drink in moderation.
She looks happy, but deep down, she suffers.
Mr Yoshida was born in Yamagata prefecture, and graduated from Nihon University College of Art with a degree in oil painting.
Those whose sins are forgiven are deemed to be sinless that they may find the way to heaven.
Ikeda made several silly mistakes, and so he was told off by the department head.
As things are, not one person will be spared from eternal destruction.
There was a phone call from a 50-year old man who had been told he had a year left to live due to heart disease.
Mother Nature is generous.
Unfortunately the expensive automobile that I purchased last week has broken down.
Excuse me, could you please show me your driving licence?
You must turn left at the second traffic light.
Tell me the correct answer.
It is likely that nobody can accurately estimate the depth and breadth of this ravine.
Look, my house is not as dirty as yours.
Look, my pants are not as dirty as yours.
All he thinks about is himself.
Mary shut herself up in the room and closed all the windows.
I've been living in Kassel for two years and still haven't been to Herkules.
I like to make the students work.
Neither he nor she wants to do the dishes, and so the two of them decided to eat out.
Teach me how it's done.
Teach me how to do it.
I really need to read all this.
She always believes me.
He used to drink beer.
She used to drink beer.
Thanks for having me.
If you keep eating like this your body will burst open.
"Why are you duct-taping that cheeseburger to the wall?" "It's a form of art."
Once, Christopher Columbus made a mistake. We say "once", of course, because he did this once and only once.
Who could melt that stone heart of yours?
Everything else is gravy.
Yesterday, we had a blast!
"A cat?" asked the old man.
What do you call llamas in flames? Llamas in flames call llamas in flames "llamas in flames."
The theater company's characterization of Anne Frank was very emotional, but tasteful.
The scientific method accounts for measurable uncertainties.
The project was plagued by uncertainties from the very beginning, and the team could not draw any decisive conclusions.
You'd better really love her; people are unchangeable.
When will the MCA take place?
Life is something we are fond of, and death is something we dislike. Things we are fond of bring happiness, and and things we dislike bring sorrow. Only when sorrow and happiness do not lose their proper bounds is man able to combine his strength with the nature of Heaven and Earth, and thus be able to endure for a long time.
Last night, I recorded all the sounds I made while I was sleeping.
Downtown there were so many people that it was difficult to get around.
On weekdays there are enough parking spots free that you should be able to get one close to my apartment.
The reservation is already made.
His friends had told him a lot about that small hut, built roughly with metal parts and crumbling bricks.
This hut is a very special place.
Do you want a new world to live in, mirror of your deepest and most truthful desires?
He repeated the price to him.
All that's required is one injection and some electronic devices.
Is it really worth it?
He greeted the man, and came back home, to his normal, boring routine.
He was bored with his family.
He was bored with his wife, an excellent woman he didn't deserve.
He came home soon.
He finally decided to try.
He went back to the store.
The result was really satisfying.
He needs to forget about that woman and his children.
His own survival is more important now.
This process has a lot of inconveniences.
Look. My house is cleaner than yours.
That's his house.
Is it mere coincidence that "banality", when anagrammed, reads "Ban Italy"?
A carcase is not a box for a motorized vehicle.
I didn't think he would come.
He'd prefer not to eat that.
I'd rather not say.
I'd prefer not to say.
It's really unfortunate. You don't understand at all its essence.
I'd rather die than marry you!
How come are you still not sleeping?
He'd prefer to go on Friday.
Would you rather lie than make him angry?
I'd rather not sleep and finish reading this book.
I'd rather have no money but find love.
Yesterday I became a god, but found that a bit boring, so today I became a devil.
I'd rather skip school and play video games.
Japan? Did anything special happen there?
That is not art. That is a vagina with teeth.
What was it that he was looking for?
Smoking is prohibited on the train.
It is not necessarily true that what the teacher says is always correct.
The victims of the earthquake disaster are numerous.
Smoking is not permitted on the train.
Unfortunately, three days ago a magnitude 8.8 earthquake struck off the Pacific coast of Japan's Tohoku region.
There was a huge earthquake today, but thankfully everyone in the family is safe and well.
Learning a foreign language is truly interesting and enjoyable.
As humans age, their physical strength declines.
Last year, I sat for the Level N3 Japanese Language Proficiency Test examination.
I think that although the transportation system in Japan is convenient, the cost of living there is not very low.
Of one hundred warriors, ten came back uninjured; the rest died.
Hasn't Jim returned yet?
About that matter, how did it go?
There is a risk that it may become stormy.
You have a keen sense of direction.
Japan is situated in Asia.
This is not witchcraft.
The woman is drinking water now.
Why didn't you return?
I am not a witch.
Today, their efforts have paid off and they are in possession of conclusive evidence, an achievement which is indeed commendable.
When I asked him to return the money, he pretended that he didn't hear me.
I go hunting in my leisure time.
He lied to me. I cannot trust him any longer.
Perhaps the illness is cured through medical treatment.
Thereafter, he was gradually promoted until he became company president.
If I had to surrender, I'd rather choose death.
Both the old and young are guilty of sinning.
To the right of that office is the Tokyo Building.
Due to the catastrophe caused by the huge tsunami, damage was sustained by the nuclear reactor as well as explosions at the nuclear power plant.
I had my shoes shined.
It's a ten minute walk to the station.
It takes 10 minutes to walk to the station.
Marco thinks he writes well.
It is difficult to determine the state and safety of the radiation leakage.
It is dreadful that a nuclear crisis has hit Japan.
Japan has had the experience of being hit by major earthquake disasters, since it is a country which has historically had many earthquakes.
Even the Chinese friends can't understand them.
Time is a tyrant!
It's good for health.
Who commands time?
I missed you a lot.
Sit here, you'll feel better.
My mother feels better.
I studied three months in Beijing.
You must absolutely not lick the floor.
I can't see the words on the blackboard.
How do you cook an Italian omelette?
I want to eat an Italian omelette.
I want to eat a flapjack.
If the sentence is in the database, we'll obtain at once the translated version.
Tatoeba, why are you so addictive?
I have a yellow dream.
I kept still and said nothing.
He's a Parisian.
If this is not satisfied, we cannot say that the function is monotone increasing.
If this does not obtain, we cannot say that the function is monotone increasing.
Drop in on me in Paris one of these days.
Shanghai is referred to as the Paris of the East.
Safety is the most important thing.
Is the deal done?
An assertion isn't a proof.
Paris during the Indian summer is an earthly heaven.
He is a Hongkonger.
Tomorrow I don't want to come with you to see the soccer game, I want to go with Paolo to see a movie.
When do you want to go to the library?
I don't care about English, I can't even speak it.
Do I look beautiful in this dress?
In our class there are 200 students.
In front of the university, there are some bookstores.
You can go from Washington to New York by train.
You can get from Washington to New York by train.
He told me that tomorrow he goes from Beijing to England by plane.
Your elder brother is doing his homework, you can only play!
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask her a question?
Thus, this is an ad hoc solution - good in practice but theoretically weak.
I'm a poor student and I can't pay you.
My daughter loves jumping rope.
It cost me a thousand yen to get my bicycle fixed.
She got the ticket in vain.
How much beer people drink depends mostly on the weather.
It has been a long time since we visited that city.
This is the penultimate version of the paper.
The polka is from Poland, as is the polonaise.
Friends are like flowers in the garden of life.
That last sentence was posted on a sign in my grandparents' house.
I grew up looking at that particular sign.
It was carved from a piece of pine wood, cut and sanded into the shape of a heart.
My grandfather had completed the wood work and my grandmother finished the piece with paint.
If you don't make the promise, then I'll just stand by and watch.
It truly was such a simple saying.
However, it captivated me and I would stare often at it, as though there was a deeper message buried within.
Even though someone came, she still remained uneasy.
I've thought about you a lot.
I won a math debate.
The people were bruised and the cities were on their knees.
I've thought about you lot.
How do you eat a panini that was once a pizza?
When it's dark you can use a flashlight to see.
The Italian language dies a little every time an anglophone orders "a panini".
She's beautiful.
We'd like to rent a people carrier.
She's pretty.
The sign had significance though.
Since I could remember, my grandfather has had a garden.
Hey! There's an American who speaks Uyghur here! Hurry up and get over here to inspect his computer!
Do you think that Spermophilus predators have night vision?
What singer do you prefer?
Do you know what he did?
Last night I wrote a letter.
I want the time and the health to finish my Icelandic textbook.
May I offer you a glass?
What percentage of all taxi drivers make unscrupulous detours, do you think?
Are you free tomorrow afternoon?
I more often go to Brussels than Paris.
Don't ever speak to me like that!
I use my VISA card.
Do you want to have sex with me tonight?
I went to find Wang.
How's the cold?
I have hiccups.
She told us that we must call a doctor immediately.
She poured me all of it without stopping.
It is typical of him to talk that way.
That will happen later.
Prices these days are extremely high.
She ardently waits for her husband's return.
It will probably rain.
The professor makes us clean the piece.
Some problems are expected on their expedition.
It is foolish that scientists tend to be pernickety.
Fixed prices in Japan are abnormally raised.
Pardon me, would you explain to me the importance of this phrase?
What do you take me for?!
He is ready to join us under one condition.
For a long time society was strongly hierarchal and unequal, primarily composed of peasants. The most backward, impoverished population, were crushed by the weight of the taxes, wars, and famines.
Why are you irritated?
I am worried about him.
When I speak, you be quiet and listen!
I would call my parents.
They water the fruit trees.
Thank you for your understanding.
Forget about the campaign. That kind of company policy is practically unchangeable.
Carl Linnaeus is famous for his early classifications of thousands of animals and plant species.
The upcoming fifth edition of the DSM proposes a new spectrum-based classification of autistic disorders.
This game design specialist classifies board games by the number of player pieces.
Pantone classifies thousands of colors with unique numerical identifiers.
The biologist classifies the newly found species in its own genus, whereas other taxonomists want to put it into an established genus.
Remote forest clearings turn out to be great places for raves.
Small clearings mark where villages once stood.
Clearness should be a guiding principle of every technical writer.
As I rowed out into the river, the clearness of the water astounded me.
His logic possesses astonishing clearness.
Martina fears emotional closeness.
This couple is the very picture of closeness.
Physical closeness made him feel threatened, so his girlfriend took things very, very slow.
The Irish jig and the French gigue differ in speed, microrhythmics, and German gender.
I want to be you.
Gina's sheer coldness attracted scads of men with low self-esteem.
Is the sky blue? Yes.
Is money needed?
The international community is issuing warnings regarding the nuclear threat in Japan.
When it comes to houses, Ike prefers Victorians over colonials.
Colonizing Mars is just starting to become a hot-button issue.
This outfit was typical of a colonist at that time.
Colonists often take a shine to indigenous women.
Where are the knives?
Where are the meters?
Why is she angry?
Why are they angry?
Let's try to convert German into a Romance language.
The Hungarian language is better than Esperanto.
Come on, set the tone.
It is high time you spilled the beans.
He jumped from one subject to another.
Come on, spit it out!
It is an endangered species.
We had to lessen the impact of the erratic supplies.
The alterglobalists denounce growing inequalities.
He is a stickler for principles.
The construction straddled two centuries.
Guilin's sceneries are the most beautiful ones under the heaven.
It's another ball of wax.
What kind of talk is this?!
It shrunk because I washed it.
What are these people doing?
I beg you.
Please, turn on the light!
Lignite is a fossil fuel.
As this is a cascade with multiple layers, it shouldn't be surprising that it's slow.
Let him remain without posterity!
It's just a stalking horse for raising taxes.
That's fortunate.
Oh yes! I will certainly come with you!
Misfortunes rarely come singly.
My thanks in advance for not opening the windows.
Please do not open the windows.
If you discover any problems on Tatoeba, you should go ahead and blame Sysko.
The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.
The earth centers on the sun.
I'm taking a shower right now.
A more robust approach is certainly possible.
I lost the watch which I bought the day before.
Rise and shine!
You had better tell me now.
Haven't you seen my birds?
I decided to leave my job at the end of the month.
I've decided to leave my work at the end of the month.
Learning Klingon will be of great use for his career as a businessman.
What is the capital of Haiti?
Which is the most populated continent in the world?
I love golf.
Adam met Eve, his wife.
This bike belongs to my younger brother.
The white poplar was uprooted.
Don't fight fire with fire.
Throw food at those who throw stones.
Come on, baby, fight my liar!
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday and holiday are the days of the week.
The vast majority of high school students I know can't read an unknown word and pronounce the letters in the right order, let alone pronounce it correctly or naturally.
The robot went out of control.
Jane is not as tall as Mary.
A few minutes of Stephen Fry will make any American apologize for his rhoticity.
I haven't used Anki in a week and now I have 500 flashcards due.
Imogen of the Internet, having seen Flickr's entire photo collection, will never take the scenic route again.
Imogen of the Internet, in spite of her American nationality, opened a Mixi account just to show off her ironic purikura album.
Imogen of the Internet is translating the works of Shakespeare into her own secret language, which completely consists of animated GIFs from the 90s.
Imogen of the Internet has created a seminal classification of thirty distinct varieties of chatspeak, some now facing linguistic extinction.
This is what the law says.
I owe you a big one for getting me out of the jam.
She asked for my help.
He asked for my help.
Why do you suspect me?
Both roads lead to the station.
Don't make a mountain out of a molehill.
Shops are open from Monday to Saturday.
There used to be a lot of small creeks in old time Shanghai, which included Zhaojia Creek and Yangjing Creek, but they're all covered up nowadays.
New Russians, you say? Wonderful! That's just what we need!
My spoon is very large.
The exhibition has drawn much attention from the public.
Are you a yankee?
It reveals local executives' ambitions of bringing the region back to the top.
Thus, p is the case if and only if q is the case.
It was a fabulous show which brought us an endless delight.
Can I speak with the teacher?
Here, kitty kitty!
Come here, donkey!
Scatter, you chickens!
Scram, you cats!
Here, chicky chicky!
Scram, mutt!
Do you want a tray with that?
I am new here.
Americans call it the Vietnam War; the Vietnamese call it the American War.
If my brother would have been there, he would have known what to do.
I've just been mugged.
The 19th-century European colonization of Africa has left a lasting legacy all over the continent.
Some forensics researchers study the rate of insect colonization of carcasses.
Bacterial colonization of the intestine occurs after birth.
The girl seems to be rich.
Africanized bee colonization caused a panic in America in the 90s.
A linguistics student swallowed her own tongue after attempting the legendary glottal approximant.
Christopher Columbus once found the Holy Grail but threw it out because he didn't like the color.
The bandits stole the Holy Grail.
John doesn't give a shit about his clothes.
He's no more qualified than her for the job.
Europeans never colonized Ethiopia, but not for lack of trying.
His life is no bed of roses.
You're not much of a hero if you don't know how to make a good entrance.
When Spain colonized the Philippines, they were administrated by Mexico City. So it was Mexican Spanish, not Castilian Spanish, that influenced Tagalog.
My daughters are coloring all over the walls.
She was looking for the keys in her purse when he attacked her.
Let's find a solution that is acceptable to everyone.
They locked the apartment.
I turned off the tap.
Gossip that the diva had gotten married was spreading.
I'd like to cook chicken tonight.
The multinational corporation lowered the price of several products.
The cost of living hadn't gone down at all.
They asked us if we knew when the movie started.
She was supposed to be here at two o'clock sharp.
The plane was due to arrive at 2:48 p.m. but hasn't landed yet.
It was bound to happen and finally it did.
Carmine is a deep red food coloring obtained from an insect called the cochineal.
Coloring is one of Georgia's favorite hobbies, even at the ripe old age of 16.
Google shows a special colorless version of its logo to countries that have experienced recent tragedy.
You should go to the gym at least twice a week.
I should have let you know sooner.
Luigi thought he had a god-given right to everything.
Luigi thought everything was owed to him.
After the intersection, drive onto the highway.
They said she would enter a convent.
Install Linux!
A good password should be difficult to guess, but easy to remember.
The gentlemen at this table were naval commanders during the first Gulf War.
Cable boxes are more useful as places for cats to sleep than as entertainment machines.
It fascinates many that Prince William would marry a commoner.
The hunter caught the fox.
Please, leave it to me.
Commoners had no stake or interest in the constant fighting between nobles.
I have to know if it is true.
Tatoeba has reached eight hundred thousand sentences!
They couldn't judge me.
The doctor is fighting against the disease.
Trying to find happiness only makes you unhappy.
My name is Legion; for we are many.
The show Hoarders is one of the primary causes of armchair psychology in America.
Who's on duty today?
We suffered a lot of damage.
I like cracking sunflower seeds.
We must take protective measures against floods.
There will be a Force 3 wind tomorrow.
They believe in Marxism and don't believe in religion.
In hopes of attaining superhuman powers, Christopher Columbus once stared at the sun for five minutes straight. It didn't work.
First, you must protect yourself.
People need to be aware of their differences, but also embrace their commonness.
Esperanto gives little festive hats to some of its Cs, Gs, Hs, Js, Ss, and U's.
Esperanto gives little festive hats to some of its cees, gees, aitches, jays, esses, and ues.
My bad!
My mistake!
Now that he's retired, Yves can look forward to a contented and placid life.
Does a Roman cat have a Roman meow?
If you speak Klingon, I won't understand.
Come, eat the fruits in the kitchen.
He forgot to bring his homework, so he got detention.
The Romans would never have had the chance to conquer the world if they had first been required to study Latin.
The coffee is only lukewarm.
To be honest, we came to capture you.
Yesterday at this time, we were at the movie theater.
I am right.
Do you go with us?
Mr. Watson, come here, I want to see you.
How to explain it?
The boy stated that he would give a bouquet of roses to the girl that he liked, talk with her, and invite her to have a coffee.
I feel fortunate to have known you.
I would be bored if I had to count to five hundred twenty-four thousand three hundred seventy-two.
I love video games.
Eat the bread!
My house is very cold.
It would have been much better if the Spanish hadn't invaded Latin America.
Horror movies frighten me.
You're an overly optimistic girl.
If the child needs to eat, cook something healthy for him.
Do you feel like going out? Well you can't; you always have to stay here with the child.
If you want to have parties in my house, clean up everything afterwards, and don't break anything, or else pay for the damage.
If I heard a noise in the kitchen but was home alone, I would go to see what happened.
If I were abroad and I ran out of money, I would call my parents to ask for more.
If I saw a boy steal something in the supermarket, I would report him to the manager.
Filiberto has not shown a very brave character.
I, gay, view my heart.
Spread the word!
The Native Americans scalped their enemies.
I look down on you!
Yesterday my brother went to Fukushima to help the inhabitants. I'm afraid that the radiation will increase.
Who is next?
There is a fixed standard in the king's principles.
He is a teacher of the Italian language.
Flowers are yellow.
They are two flowers.
The book is red.
The dress is green.
The cat is under the table.
Are you afraid of death?
You are afraid of death.
She is afraid of death.
Are we afraid of death?
We are afraid of death.
They are afraid of death.
I am afraid of death.
He isn't afraid of death.
Is he afraid of death?
Is she afraid of death?
I'm not afraid of death.
She isn't afraid of death.
We aren't afraid of death.
They aren't afraid of death.
If it doesn't rain, let's go out.
Eh? We said we'd go to the park? I didn't realise.
Aren't we going out to the park today?
What's your impression of China?
My impression of America is very good.
What's your impression of that person like?
My impression of this government is that they need a more forceful economic policy, otherwise they'll encounter large problems in the future.
That day left a deep impression on me.
The staff in that restaurant gave us a very good impression.
What you said left a deep impression on me.
I find her very impressive.
He would like to know whether you play shah.
He would like to know whether you play chess.
They could only listen.
They failed both times.
They had driven wagons.
They had no money left.
They liked his message.
They made many charges.
They wanted protection.
They were so different.
Did they hear correctly?
They chased others away.
They had no place to go.
They were put in prison.
How much should they get?
They ate healthier foods.
They found no such proof.
They had different ideas.
They lost their property.
They were spending money.
They would call for help.
They would not surrender.
They refused to fight.
They are riding very fast.
They called him a traitor.
They called them traitors.
They created a government.
They did not work, either.
They felt he was too weak.
They felt sure of success.
They had voted for action.
They studied them closely.
They supported the Allies.
They wanted to earn money.
They were almost starving.
They called it mass murder.
They called them scalawags.
They heard it on the radio.
They knew how to make iron.
They refused to be drafted.
They remained in Tennessee.
They were conservative men.
They were ready for action.
They believed he was honest.
They even listened to music.
They had lost the Civil War.
They organized a state army.
They took food and clothing.
They turned against Germany.
They, too, were out of money.
They continued to push south.
They signed the peace treaty.
They stated their objections.
They stole horses and cattle.
They tried to swim to safety.
They wanted something better.
They were forced to withdraw.
They were too tired to fight.
They would have to move fast.
After a brief fight, they won.
They did not have enough gold.
They helped him get to Canada.
They made a list of the names.
They must remain face to face.
They needed jobs and training.
They refused to join the army.
They walked toward the bridge.
They believed there was a plot.
They could ride and shoot well.
They insulted him and his wife.
They liked what Jefferson said.
They pushed back the attackers.
They read newspapers and books.
They said the deal was foolish.
They said they would not fight.
They were completely surprised.
They were not speaking Spanish.
Were they being told the truth?
He said they were postponing it.
They could not get good housing.
They did not break apart easily.
They died trying to save others.
They felt that slavery was evil.
They found Rachel in great pain.
They made equally tough demands.
They quietly asked to be served.
They sent him to prison in 1925.
Usually, they did not stay long.
Early in July, they got the news.
They accepted the new government.
They called a special convention.
They cheered as his train passed.
They cheered the young Americans.
They competed all over the world.
They could not find work at home.
They did not expect an easy life.
They did not get a chance to try.
They did not have good equipment.
They expected the British to win.
They had been defeated in battle.
They had built roads and bridges.
They refused to think of leaving.
They told him he was sure to win.
They voted to create a committee.
They wanted to continue to fight.
They were in a hurry to get home.
In 1997 they reached a compromise.
They became tired of losing money.
They burned the captured supplies.
They dug through mud and wet clay.
They feared a threat to democracy.
They handed Anderson a short note.
They just wanted to be left alone.
They left the situation unsettled.
They said he had acted shamefully.
They said this was just temporary.
They were needed in South America.
They were tried in federal courts.
The commander said they would stay.
They also helped unite the country.
They arrived in the summer of 1847.
They built bigger and better ships.
They captured Rome in June of 1944.
They carried him to a nearby house.
They did not join unions or strike.
They sent the first man into space.
They wanted the war to end quickly.
They were having marriage problems.
He believed they were destroying it.
They accused him of being dishonest.
They agreed to stop using the buses.
They destroyed stores and factories.
They did not like it and were angry.
They did not try to change the land.
They formed a company to control it.
They refused to let the trains move.
They spoke many different languages.
They told him he was their prisoner.
They urged him to punish the rebels.
They urged them to buy the products.
They waited for the enemy to attack.
They were sure he would always fail.
They were weak and broken in spirit.
They would negotiate a peace treaty.
Within one day, they were in France.
They could not get there quickly.
They saw they had no choice.
They also promised religious freedom.
They refused to release the hostages.
They said it would lead to civil war.
They wanted jobs with the government.
They were angry about several things.
They were married in October of 1975.
They were playing a game of checkers.
They would stay there for the winter.
They also sold wood and wood products.
They called British supporters Tories.
They can communicate using hand signs.
They decided to launch a major attack.
They lived on farms or in small towns.
They no longer felt a need to protest.
They said storage costs were too high.
They saw little need for labor unions.
They started with five hundred wagons.
They were sure they could do it again.
They would not let him write anything.
They would support his financial plan.
They knew this would mean disaster.
They could not prove their charges.
Guards could hear everything they said.
The report said they were not at fault.
They accused President Johnson of being too soft.
They also refused to buy British goods.
They could make no money without trade.
They could not pay the money they owed.
They fought the measures in the courts.
They lost faith in the existing system.
They made many changes in the proposal.
They moved on Mexico City, the capital.
They surrendered their guns and horses.
They wanted to deal in gold and silver.
They had never been very successful.
In late November, they attacked Finland.
In less than one week, they surrendered.
They refused to accept the pay raise.
They also collected moon rocks and soil.
They believed they were in the majority.
They continued to export goods secretly.
They could not stop the southern attack.
They did not have time to search for it.
They hoped for even better days to come.
They marched quickly toward the capital.
They needed to trade with them for food.
They settled near the Connecticut River.
They used local wood to build the ships.
They were forced to return to the South.
They would not fight to free the slaves.
What they wanted was a man like himself.
They were forced to face the future.
From a distance, they shot at each other.
He said they should stay out of politics.
They called Greeley a fool and a traitor.
They called President Roosevelt a pirate.
They came from the middle of the country.
They captured Fort Sumter after two days.
They could not agree on some parts of it.
They left behind hundreds of wounded men.
They sent another message to King George.
They threatened and denounced each other.
They told jokes about some of his movies.
They wanted no further spread of slavery.
They wanted to keep southern states weak.
They were well-trained and well-supplied.
They used their guns to hit each other.
They believed it violated the laws of God.
They did not plan to break their promises.
They gathered at a farm in New York State.
They made temporary camps along the coast.
They needed money to pay for the supplies.
They refused to give up their way of life.
They said inspections should be increased.
They still supported him and his policies.
They were busy working for social reforms.
They worked on the message for three days.
In the end, they approved the proposal.
They accused him of being part of the plot.
They agreed to meet again the next morning.
They also raised animals for meat and milk.
They believed that it was a necessary evil.
They opposed any further spread of slavery.
They permitted each other to live in peace.
They promised to stop their demonstrations.
They said the situation was only temporary.
They set fire to houses and farm buildings.
They shot at the British from behind trees.
They stood calmly and listened to speeches.
They took no part in the social revolution.
They wanted the right to govern themselves.
They were members of the local governments.
They were only interested in selling books.
You know, I've never seen you with a guy before.
When they got close, they fired their guns.
They wanted to sign the agreement first.
By the end of June, they were ready to vote.
They sat at their campfires at night.
They debated other parts of the proposal.
They were freed to work for themselves.
They also demanded equal pay for equal work.
They arrested a man named Lee Harvey Oswald.
They asked Lincoln to make a victory speech.
They began using their power to become rich.
They crossed the partly-frozen Delaware River.
They cut down many trees to build the boats.
They did not support one group or the other.
They especially liked his plan to cut taxes.
They established official relations in 1979.
They felt their candidate would win in 1860.
They followed the buffalo across the plains.
They had accepted what was necessary to win.
They had two messages from their government.
They organized a temporary state government.
They reportedly gave the doctor false names.
They said Reagan seemed calm and thoughtful.
They said they only wanted to be left alone.
They were not at all like average Americans.
Union soldiers watched as they marched away.
They supported his right to speak freely.
In the evening, they would go to the theater.
Reports said they came close to a settlement.
They decided to leave extra food behind.
They expressed satisfaction with their lives.
They had little fuel for heating and cooking.
They have a right to their political beliefs.
They killed more than three thousand sailors.
They saw it as the brave act of a strong man.
They were not permitted to cross into Canada.
Doctors did everything they could to cure him.
In 1847, they declared themselves independent.
They tried to make each other look foolish.
There was little question how they would vote.
They also captured another farmer and his son.
They decided to leave the bullet where it was.
They did not demand better working conditions.
They had been thinking about it for some time.
They risked their lives on the dangerous trip.
They said he was the best writer in the group.
They tried to take control of the gold market.
They wanted to live in peace with the Indians.
They would capture as many people as possible.
They wanted to try new ways of living.
Most of the bodies were buried where they fell.
They went to Van Buren's house for dinner.
They did not want to support him on this issue.
They did the cooking and cleaning in the house.
They felt he had no chance to win the election.
They felt that some of his attacks were unjust.
They lived very well without working very hard.
They slept on public streets, buses, or trains.
They urged him not to go to war over the issue.
All the delegates knew they must discuss it.
They believed it might lead to trouble.
They failed to get the necessary votes.
They drove wagons and carried supplies.
They said he had a weak form of smallpox.
They asked for permission to arm their ships.
Then they divided his business among themselves.
They went to Alexander Hamilton for orders.
They felt a renewed love for their country.
They believed it might lead to war with Britain.
They captured the great Belgian port of Antwerp.
They carried the boats almost thirty kilometers.
They had to build bridges over the many streams.
They heard a speech written especially for them.
They held almost no power at the national level.
They quickly captured much of the Chinese coast.
They robbed stores and threatened public safety.
They said such a policy would lead to smuggling.
They traveled at night so no one would see them.
They would be killed if captured by the British.
Both men drew maps and pictures of what they saw.
Much of what they wrote about never happened.
He told his men they would attack the next night.
They were the nation's biggest business.
They jumped through a window into the river.
They were free to return to their homes.
They agreed to meet again in Baltimore, Maryland.
They blamed President Hoover for their situation.
They built fences to keep people and animals out.
They demanded an end to the flood of immigration.
They expected that Jefferson would be re-elected.
They had been away for two years and five months.
They immediately began arguing about many issues.
They met the crown princes of Sweden and Denmark.
They paid him to write a letter to the president.
They refused to treat him as a serious candidate.
They said he was too friendly with conservatives.
They said it would be seen as a sign of weakness.
They said it would make his blood pressure go up.
They said Mr. Wilson's condition had not changed.
They always did what Hamilton told them to do.
They had not fought for more than forty years.
He said they would never be able to work together.
They built a town in an area where two rivers met.
They burned bridges and pulled up railroad tracks.
They did not agree with all of Oglethorpe's ideas.
They did not want to get involved in the fighting.
They fought the Italians first in Egypt and Libya.
They found it easy to settle in the United States.
They had been without supplies for almost a month.
They had to find the strongest candidate possible.
They launched a series of major economic programs.
They left behind more than 2,000 dead and wounded.
They loaned money to companies to build railroads.
They marched northwest into the Shenandoah Valley.
They nominated Calvin Coolidge for vice president.
They thought the value of the dollar was too high.
They wanted to win the war, and win it right away.
They were afraid their way of life would soon end.
They were troubled deeply by the changes they saw.
They began to prepare for possible hostilities.
They said they were not afraid of smugglers.
They sold everything at extremely high prices.
They blamed him for failing to improve the economy.
They claimed that Harrison could not read or write.
They demanded that the Indians stay off their land.
They had fought well against a much stronger enemy.
They have the most direct effect on people's lives.
They said Anderson and his men must leave the fort.
They said he was still weak from a recent sickness.
They said his army was not strong enough to attack.
They said it was exactly what the president wanted.
They sang about the things that were close to them.
They wanted Hawaii to be part of the United States.
They wanted to stay out of international conflicts.
Two of his children had died when they were babies.
Debtors are people who cannot re-pay money they owe.
On November seventh, they reached the Pacific Ocean.
They had to promise to obey the laws of Mexico.
They attacked soldiers who were sent to arrest them.
They captured an American fort in northern Michigan.
They demanded more pay and safer working conditions.
They did not protest working long hours for low pay.
They experimented with new ideas and ways of living.
They feared that the dispute would hurt the economy.
They had a battle plan they were sure would succeed.
They had been working together for common interests.
They have the right and power to act on their ideas.
They hoped to sell the stocks at even higher prices.
They were important leaders who loved their country.
This meant they were too weak to cause more trouble.
They did not like the way he gave orders to everyone.
They were beginning to lose faith in their commander.
They were even more interested in his beautiful wife.
They were sure they had done the right thing.
They understood that war might come.
They had heard that he was a very honest man.
By the spring of 1778, they were ready to fight again.
He said they were responsible for the present problem.
He told the delegates what they already knew was true.
They called their new country the Republic of Liberia.
They could use their cars to drive to work in the city.
They did not like the way he threatened his opponents.
They did not want to give up their old ways of living.
They marched in a parade through the streets of Paris.
They seized him and took him to Fort Monroe, Virginia.
Young men left the family farms as soon as they could.
He said they were like a poorly-trained team of horses.
They shot down thirty-six enemy planes.
They pushed his body off the bridge and into the water.
They were able to live as they wanted in Massachusetts.
Americans liked what they heard from Franklin Roosevelt.
Lee knew they would attack with full force the next day.
Some said openly that they did not care who won the war.
They demanded severe punishment for the southern rebels.
They gave us all the food and fruit we could carry home.
They said it was a clear violation of international law.
They thought McKinley was wrong to take the Philippines.
Businessmen could not pay back money they owed the banks.
They felt that now was not the time to start a civil war.
They named Bill Clinton as their candidate for president.
They said he would not pay people the money he owed them.
They were forced to kill and eat several of their horses.
They would pay back the loans when they sold their crops.
They had just fought a war to end British rule.
They did not want to spend much time talking about it.
They had to promise to join the Roman Catholic Church.
There were no laws saying what they could or could not do.
They attacked a group of Frenchmen and killed ten of them.
They captured more than three hundred British trade ships.
They demanded a treaty that would punish Germany severely.
They could not get loans to keep their businesses open.
They knew the names of every leading actor and actress.
The guard thought they were joking until he saw their guns.
They urged close economic and diplomatic ties with Britain.
They wanted to ban slavery everywhere in the United States.
He said they wanted to fight until every black man was free.
They agreed to raise wages and to stop hiring children.
They worried about increased political tension in Asia.
They felt America's farmers were poorer than they should be.
They said use of force should be used only as a last choice.
They could hear the sounds of shots and exploding shells.
Many Americans still had money they had saved during the war.
They liked having more space for their children to play.
They said there was not enough time for a full investigation.
They wanted to oust the communist government of Fidel Castro.
They wanted to win the war quickly and return to normal life.
They worked each day from the time the sun rose until it set.
American generals believed they could win an easy victory.
They accused the president of not caring about the common man.
They asked Mrs. Lincoln where she wanted her husband buried.
They began to import liquor illegally to sell for high prices.
They knew they must fight together to defeat the common enemy.
They knocked on the door and said they had come to arrest him.
They said they would accept the committee's decision as final.
They say they cannot compete with low-priced foreign products.
They were low enough in cost so many Americans could buy them.
It's because of you that I'm a cripple!
Your CV has really impressed me.
Young children cannot determine what is right and what is wrong.
She can assess investments very accurately.
Don't judge other people's traditional culture.
We should judge him according to his actions.
Where did he come from?
He did not want war.
He refused to do so.
He died two hours later.
He spoke of party unity.
He wanted to destroy it.
He was a big, heavy man.
He was a Roman Catholic.
He was a tall, thin man.
He was a trusted friend.
He was killed instantly.
What kind of man was he?
He also was very serious.
He began to be a problem.
He did not agree with it.
He got them to reject it.
He had few other friends.
He knew he could not win.
He lifted her to the bed.
He never stopped writing.
He said he did not do it.
He sent her a message.
He slowly raised the gun.
He visited China in 1998.
He wanted to be a farmer.
He was a forceful leader.
He was a poet and writer.
He was completely honest.
He was easily influenced.
He won the next election.
He asked for their advice.
He did not like to travel.
He died a few hours later.
He liked making decisions.
He seemed sure of himself.
He traveled west by train.
He was not a good speaker.
He was young and exciting.
He would never walk again.
He would seek re-election.
This time, he got results.
He, too, would visit China.
He accepted the nomination.
He also needs many workers.
He appeared in many movies.
He came from the Northeast.
He could get no more money.
He could not speak clearly.
He had to find another way.
He said he would cut taxes.
He saw the picture clearly.
He warned against violence.
He was not an abolitionist.
He was popular with voters.
He was seeking re-election.
He was sentenced to prison.
He would have to surrender.
Should he sign it into law?
When he was 18, he married.
He accepted gifts from them.
He attended many ceremonies.
He is tall and looks strong.
He left the box unprotected.
He lost control of his legs.
He shook thousands of hands.
He spoke to farmers in Iowa.
He suffered from rheumatism.
He was aiming a gun at them.
He was caught in the middle.
He worked for several hours.
He would die within a month.
He would have no part of it.
He would not give the order.
She was a former first lady.
He did not want another term.
He did poorly in his studies.
He got his chance to succeed.
He was an extremely able man.
He was not a good politician.
To the public, he was a hero.
Did he support her idea?
Doctors thought he had a cold.
He agreed to take the new job.
He became a successful lawyer.
He began his trip to the West.
He began to raise beef cattle.
He deeply regretted this loss.
He felt it was his duty to go.
He had a calm way of speaking.
He rested and became stronger.
He said the treaty was unfair.
He wanted even more territory.
He wanted to be elected again.
He was a big, slow-moving man.
He was silent for a long time.
He would accept no compromise.
He would not take this chance.
He built forty-eight forts.
He did not go into Earth orbit.
He did not like responsibility.
He did not regret his decision.
He did not want such a defense.
He had fallen in love with her.
He had suffered a heart attack.
He owed large amounts of money.
He planned to stay in the Navy.
He said Davis must be captured.
He traveled in a special train.
He was having such a good time.
He was living with the Indians.
He was not wearing a warm coat.
He was running for re-election.
He was suffering from smallpox.
He felt he had done his duty.
He was able to reduce taxes.
He asked his cabinet for advice.
He called for a tax on earnings.
He crossed the Rio Grande River.
He does what he thinks is right.
He had lost all political power.
He made speeches to many groups.
He planned the attack carefully.
He sentenced Brown to be hanged.
He won re-election twelve times.
Later he wrote to the president.
He had trouble getting money.
He often accepted bad advice.
Brown saw that he was surrounded.
He understood he could not win.
He said he didn't like this.
He had worked hard on the speech.
He joined the United States Navy.
He liked them and respected them.
He loved to laugh and enjoy life.
He made several serious mistakes.
He must be at least 35 years old.
He ordered them back to the fort.
He read his books until midnight.
He resigned and fled the country.
He still did not know what to do.
He suffered from health problems.
He thought about it for a moment.
He was just thirty-six years old.
He was quick to criticize others.
He was the king of rock-and-roll.
He would serve a number of years.
She made thirty thousand dollars.
He asked her to remain in the job.
He built them on an assembly line.
He could not sign official papers.
He decided not to wait any longer.
He had almost no formal education.
He had called the rebels traitors.
He ran for governor of California.
He refused to do much campaigning.
He resigned as secretary of state.
He said he regretted the decision.
He spent much of his time reading.
He was re-elected six years later.
He was shot and seriously wounded.
He won by a small number of votes.
Everyone knew he would not be back.
He had many political enemies.
He had suffered some failures.
He served as governor of Ohio.
He did not trust the common people.
He fell into the water and drowned.
He grew up in small towns in Texas.
He only wanted guns and ammunition.
He refused to make quick decisions.
He said Harrison had only one vote.
He sent money to help care for her.
He was captured and held for trial.
He was successful in several areas.
He was weak from the loss of blood.
But he believed he had good reasons.
He asked Lincoln to say a few words.
He did not seem sure of his answers.
He was unconscious most of the time.
He wrote how he wished to be buried.
Lincoln was sad that he had not won.
Only time will tell if he was right.
She alone decided who could see him.
She would go with him to Washington.
He resigned and joined the army.
Then he told Jackson to get started.
He did as he said he would do.
He had few friends there anymore.
He was unable to read much of it.
He had strong religious beliefs.
He said it was unconstitutional.
He wrote about plants and trees.
He even criticized George Washington.
He opened a law office in Cincinnati.
He was a former United States Marine.
He was a member of the Supreme Court.
He was a middle-of-the-road Democrat.
He was ordered to leave, but refused.
He was short and was losing his hair.
Lee said he could not accept the job.
She told him she wanted a divorce.
The people knew he did not like them.
He began to enjoy talking to them.
He had limited skills in politics.
He said he had not known about it.
He did not want to serve another term.
He had said nothing during the debate.
He had to continue his trip in secret.
He immediately called the White House.
He moved west to Nashville, Tennessee.
He said he might never see them again.
He spoke softly to the men around him.
He told reporters he was not involved.
He urged them to come to an agreement.
He visited a children's home in Texas.
He was a fruit farmer from California.
He was forced to return to Washington.
He was told to expect her help.
He studied law at Yale University.
Was he, in fact, guilty of wrongdoing?
He had not been a strong president.
Everything was going as he had planned.
He asked the officials to lift the ban.
He asked the president to do something.
He did not really want to fight at all.
He died as he was returning to England.
He had heard that his friend was dying.
He said Bill Clinton would raise taxes.
He talked of her kindness and humility.
He urged his government not to sign it.
He was a weak child with poor eyesight.
He went to school only for a few years.
He wished to wait until the next night.
In 1962, he ran for governor, and lost.
It appeared that he meant what he said.
He was not interested in the debate.
He wrote to his daughter's husband.
He asked a number of friends for advice.
He had promised to stay out of politics.
He hoped the problem would solve itself.
He is friendly to us and wants our help.
He issued his report in September, 2000.
He must be a good politician and leader.
He permitted them to walk in the garden.
He promised to do his best as president.
He received more than six million votes.
He said he did not want to be president.
He sent some of his men into the valley.
He served in the House for twelve years.
He spoke to the nation on August eighth.
He supported a number of social reforms.
He talked about ending the war in Korea.
He told his assistant that he would win.
He tried to make his reports scientific.
He wanted to be a great military leader.
He was ambassador to the United Nations.
He was a member of the Republican Party.
He was sentenced to prison for one year.
He watched as the doctors bent over her.
He began buying gold in huge amounts.
And he let the two men sleep at his home.
As he was leaving the hotel, he was shot.
He usually was not involved directly.
He had the majority he needed.
For advice, he depended on close friends.
He also promised a strong foreign policy.
He became active in the Republican Party.
He did not believe the election was lost.
He felt severe pain in his back and legs.
He had fled the theater after the murder.
He put his hand to his mouth and coughed.
He was a fresh face in American politics.
He was a good student and a good athlete.
He was elected governor of Texas in 1994.
He was first elected to Congress in 1948.
He was not satisfied with the final bill.
He was well known throughout the country.
He would be paid a small amount of money.
He was not able to do what he wanted.
A year later, he visited the Soviet Union.
He did not win his party's nomination.
He was not considered a strong leader.
He served as a United States senator.
He asked her to read it for him.
He completed many dangerous bombing raids.
He did not live to see the end of the war.
He fought in America's war against Mexico.
He had refused to compromise on the issue.
He looked as if he were going to a parade.
He was the military hero of the Civil War.
He won by a small number of popular votes.
He would sometimes talk with the soldiers.
She could not believe what she saw.
She seemed to be suffering a heart attack.
He returned to his home in Tennessee.
Along the way, he stopped to make speeches.
He seemed to understand foreign policy.
He built an observatory to study the stars.
He had served as a congressman and senator.
He had worked hard to keep Kansas peaceful.
He ordered an army officer to go with them.
He read for more than two and a half hours.
He said he had more important things to do.
He said military force would not be needed.
He said the president's speech was perfect.
He was among the top students in his class.
He was a true patriot and an able diplomat.
He was first elected to the Senate in 1984.
He was head of America's Naval War College.
He was known to the English as King Philip.
He was satisfied with the work he had done.
He was the first man in history to do this.
He would not give it up without a struggle.
In December 1989, he sent troops to Panama.
There was some trouble the day he moved in.
He believed in the supreme power of the law.
He called on state troops to end the strike.
He condemned those who opposed his policies.
He did not think he needed their protection.
He expected many of them to come to his aid.
He knew he did not have much longer to live.
He was never officially charged with spying.
He was taken to the United States for trial.
Jackson said he was not worried about Texas.
Without money, he could do nothing.
He did not think the war would last long.
He seemed to enjoy his life and his work.
He did not know how many of them needed help.
He died soon after he received the documents.
He had not even known that she was sick.
He said he would recognize it when he saw it.
He said the South had good reason to protest.
He spent most of the time at his summer home.
He stood silent for a moment before speaking.
He would learn how to keep financial records.
He would leave the job to his vice president.
His mother died when he was eleven years old.
He was criticized for raising taxes.
Not everyone thought she was a great actress.
He refused to ask for advice from experts.
He spent no more money than was necessary.
At times, he suffered from a painful headache.
He was a very smart lawyer and politician.
He wanted to reduce the tax on imports.
He basically supported the free market system.
He had a high opinion of her abilities.
He said the only answer was a slave rebellion.
He said the United States would not interfere.
He visited the coast of South America in 1499.
He had time to prepare his men for battle.
He made a great deal of money selling milk.
He became a university student and got married.
He earned the money he needed to go to college.
He left the Mexican capital to return to Texas.
He promised himself he would again be governor.
He received a better education than his father.
He regained consciousness and was able to talk.
He said the treaty must be approved as written.
He said the words came straight from his heart.
He spent his sixtieth birthday in the hospital.
He was handsome and only forty-three years old.
Booth broke his leg when he hit the stage floor.
He did not have much time to work on his speech.
He had difficulty in hearing and could not walk.
He now was sixty-eight years old and a sick man.
He said better times were ahead for the country.
He said each meeting should begin with a prayer.
He said he feared his speech had been a failure.
He took the video to a local TV station.
He was eighty-two years old and feeling his age.
He was not completely satisfied with the treaty.
Some talked of shooting him if he did not leave.
The new president did what he thought was right.
Then he would give his letters to another rider.
He was a much better general than politician.
He was not the kind of man that people liked.
She felt that her place was with her husband.
He began to work to get Congress to reduce taxes.
He criticized the war after leaving the military.
He did not believe anyone had the right to do so.
He had not even spoken to the president about it.
He met with reporters to talk about his decision.
He negotiated a free trade agreement with Canada.
He said it was hopeless to continue the struggle.
He shot many lions, elephants, and other animals.
He was a hero of the war of 1812 against Britain.
She knew almost all the top government officials.
The Secretary of State said he planned to resign.
He was the best-liked man in the country.
At his side, he carried an ivory and silver sword.
Douglas said he believed the decision was correct.
He came out of the barn with his hands in the air.
She found him sitting alone, his head in his hands.
He told a friend that he felt very tired and weak.
He was a sick man when he got to New Orleans.
One reporter said he looked like a fierce bulldog.
He had a serious illness in the autumn of 1823.
He denounced all forms of dishonesty in government.
He had led the Republican Party with great success.
He had little experience with international issues.
He was very tall and thin, with long arms and legs.
Lee said those were the conditions he had expected.
He explained later how he made this decision.
Soon after he arrived, he received surprising news.
When he was thirty years old, he married Lucy Webb.
He believed he would have all the time he needed.
He came from one of the richest families in America.
He came to the United States as a boy from Scotland.
He found an unexpected way to deal with the problem.
He had made enemies during his early political life.
He never gave up hope that he would reach that goal.
He remained there for many months under close guard.
He shouted to the men inside that he wished to talk.
He stopped to make speeches in cities along the way.
He stopped in many towns and cities to make speeches.
He told them to stay on the north side of the river.
He was a former university professor and researcher.
He went to the house where the president's body lay.
The soldier decided he could not refuse the request.
He believed in protecting America's wilderness areas.
He could not return to his home in the New York area.
He was honest, strong, and willing to make decisions.
Many people thought he was too young to be president.
He said he regretted what had happened.
That night, he became sick with pains in his stomach.
The doctors did not believe he was in danger of dying.
Everywhere he stopped, the people welcomed him warmly.
He judges other people time and again.
In your view, can we judge other people's religion or not?
What are your top ten favorite movies?
The purpose of this interview is to assess whether or not you are suitable for the company.
As he has done a lot of bad things, we can conclude that he is a bad person.
After looking at the research, most of us conclude that vaccines are a good thing.
From this you can conclude that feminism is still necessary.
They are both very competent judges.
I wonder what he's up to.
The hedgehog is a small animal.
Do I exist?
Do you exist?
Does he exist?
Does it exist?
Does she exist?
Do we exist?
Despite the pain, he put on a brave face.
Everyone paired off and began dancing.
This is way better than what you wrote before.
What are you planning to do?
You are my new sweet coconut.
Are you a strong believer in Maoism?
I'll protect her with my life.
Don't go to illegal meetings.
The New Year is here!
This case might not get resolved for a while.
President Cleveland had to compromise.
He had to pay his own debts.
Some railroads had to close down.
A decision had to be made.
Two major issues had to be settled.
The operation had to be kept secret.
Joseph Smith had to move his people many times.
Some people had to use false names to get work.
President Truman had to make a difficult decision.
They had to buy their supplies in New York.
President Grant had to give up any hope of a third term.
This meant Florida had to count the votes again.
President Monroe had to make a difficult decision.
These programs had to be paid for by taxes from the people.
Millions of farmers had to look for other work.
Andrew Johnson had to flee his home to save his life.
Within hours, many of the other banks had to close.
Each person or small group had to build their own boat.
Preparations had to be made for the move to Washington.
The boats had to get close to shore and land at high tide.
The senators were very interested in what he had to say.
Germany no longer had to fight an enemy on two fronts.
The British soldiers rested.
The British climbed the hill.
British troops held that area.
The British finally retreated.
The British acted too late.
The British defeated the French.
The British government was angry.
The British captured Breed's Hill.
Imports of British goods increased.
Hamilton protested against British rule.
The British ambassador liked Burr's plan.
The British would need strong leadership.
Many had spent years in British factories.
News of the British attack spread quickly.
For two weeks, the British soldiers waited.
The British people strongly opposed slavery.
The British commander was forced to surrender.
The British shelling stopped at seven o'clock.
The British fought hard and stopped the attack.
The British and American forces moved ahead.
The British had more troops than the other side.
The people of Boston hated the British soldiers.
Finally, on January eighth, the British attacked.
The flag had holes in it from the British shells.
American-British relations showed improvement.
British forces at this time were winning victories.
In 1779, Spain entered the war against the British.
The British started to attack from across the river.
The British forces were ordered to seize the weapons.
British officers received their orders in April, 1775.
Five hundred British soldiers had been captured.
In 1764, the British Parliament approved the Sugar Act.
The British began with a land attack against Baltimore.
The British experienced many problems fighting the war.
The British withdrew, but attacked again the next year.
General Montcalm attacked several British forts in 1757.
Twenty-five hundred British soldiers guarded the border.
Choosing to fight for the British proved to be a mistake.
The British defeated the French in North America in 1763.
German forces attacked British soldiers near Amiens, France.
His public support for the British government was unpopular.
The British believed the Americans were violating their law.
The British commander ordered his men to rest for the night.
The British had military bases along New York's Hudson River.
The British people turned to a new leader, Winston Churchill.
The American ships were stopped and searched in British waters.
The British ship was captured and brought to the United States.
The British troops fought hard, but could not stop the Germans.
British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain was forced to resign.
The British foreign minister was always too busy to see him.
Austria had allies, too.
The Allies wasted no time.
The Allies were winning at sea.
One of Serbia's allies was Russia.
The Allies would not be stopped.
The Allies then moved east into Belgium.
The Allies were filled with bitter anger.
The allies controlled all major Iraqi cities.
The Soviet Union and its allies refused help.
Sometimes the Allies could not avoid battle.
The Allies slowly gained control of the Atlantic.
Hitler and his allies had won battle after battle.
Day by day, the Allies pushed the Germans back.
Slowly the allies advanced north through Italy.
Italy, Romania, Portugal, and Greece joined the Allies.
The Allies continued to build up their forces in France.
The German army made a final effort to defeat the Allies.
It already faced a strong fight against the European Allies.
Now it was just Britain alone against Hitler and his allies.
The blockade by Britain and the other allies was very successful.
Most Germans expected the Allies would attack at Calais, in France.
Relations between the Soviet Union and the western Allies were mixed.
The German withdrawal gave the Allies time to prepare strong defenses.
The two countries had fought together as allies in the Second World War.
I heard the sound of battle.
It was not one battle, but many.
The Battle of Fort Sumter was over.
The North won the Battle of Shiloh.
The Battle of North Africa was over.
Another fierce battle was ready to begin.
That half of the battle would not be easy.
The Battle for Monterrey lasted three days.
The Battle of Gettysburg lasted three days.
The battle quickly became a blind struggle.
A fierce battle took place at Monte Cassino.
Eighteen minutes later, the battle was over.
The battle quickly became fierce and bloody.
The battle was an important defeat for Japan.
But very soon, the battle would become fierce.
For the first time, his army went into battle.
The battle was fierce and unbelievably bloody.
The Battle for Belleau Wood lasted three weeks.
This time, the battle would be among diplomats.
Many of Pope's men were not prepared for battle.
One of the events was the Battle of New Orleans.
The South had won the Battle of Chancellorsville.
When the battle ended, not a Texan was left alive.
Too many Confederate soldiers had fallen in battle.
The battle took place near the Little Bighorn River.
There were celebrations along the battle lines, too.
Pershing's forces were not sent directly into battle.
Japanese Admiral Isoroku Yamamoto launched the battle.
Nicholas Biddle began to see that the battle was lost.
A Union army doctor watched the battle from a distance.
Northerners had expected to win the Battle of Bull Run.
The Battle for Quebec was the turning point in the war.
The two sides fought fiercely in the Battle of Iwo Jima.
I think that this will be the last battle of the war.
In the battle of ideas, science defeated conservatism.
The French and Indians won the Battle of Fort Duquesne.
General Lee and the Confederate Army lost the great battle.
A terrible battle took place at Kasserine in western Tunisia.
At the Battle of Verdun, French forces stopped a German attack.
New soldiers would soon take the place of those lost in battle.
In the first few hours of the battle, Union forces were winning.
The Battle of San Jacinto began at four o'clock in the afternoon.
The war continued.
The only answer was war.
Both parties opposed war.
It prevented a civil war.
The danger of war passed.
The War of 1812 had begun.
America was at war in 1864.
In 1917, Europe was at war.
War began five years later.
The Cold War continued.
Still, the war was not over.
The war in Europe ended.
The war was officially over.
War was giving way to peace.
World War Two ended in 1945.
Davis did not want civil war.
Polk really did not want war.
Roosevelt was a war hero.
It was an extremely cruel war.
The civil war in Greece ended.
The war had lasted four years.
It appeared that war would come.
There was a danger of civil war.
The war was going badly for them.
America's war with Spain was over.
The war with France was over.
The war could not last much longer.
The war would be fought to the end.
Both men opposed the war in Vietnam.
Not all Americans supported the war.
The French and Indian War had begun.
After the war, Ford entered politics.
Most of the war damage was there.
It was a war no nation really wanted.
Some said his raid was an act of war.
America's Civil War lasted four years.
He joined the Army during the war.
Canada, too, began to prepare for war.
Scott believed it would be a long war.
The Second World War was not yet over.
The Civil War lasted from 1861 to 1865.
The Cold War began after World War Two.
George came home from the war as a hero.
Eisenhower had campaigned to end the war.
Kennedy was a Navy hero in World War Two.
Many Russians demanded an end to the war.
Within a week, most of Europe was at war.
France and Britain were at war once again.
In 1959, Cold War tensions eased a little.
He had known some of them before the war.
The president was sure there would be war.
These people said the war was a civil war.
The war had united the American people.
Finally, World War One was officially over.
Japan knew it was winning the war.
Japan had defeated Russia in a war in 1905.
Many feared the start of another civil war.
The Cold War also affected the Middle East.
The situation could only be settled by war.
Adams spent most of the war years in Europe.
Germany wanted Russia to stay out of the war.
Napoleon needed money for a war with Britain.
Senator Dole was a hero during World War Two.
The United States navy was not ready for war.
The army chief reported that the war was lost.
The end of the war in Europe was now in sight.
World War One had ended just 15 years earlier.
In December 1941, the United States was at war.
The United States hoped to stay out of the war.
The war cost 2,000 million dollars every month.
A civil war began in Bosnia-Herzegovina in 1992.
The two countries were moving closer to war.
And the war between France and Britain was over.
World War One did not end quickly or easily.
Germany did not want war with the United States.
Japan's attack had brought America into the war.
Rocket technology improved during World War Two.
Germany and Japan were defeated.
Japan wanted control of Manchuria.
Manila fell to Japanese troops.
Japanese forces marched into Burma.
The Japanese destroyed Pearl Harbor.
Japan was becoming more powerful in Asia.
Japan's most important opponent was China.
Banks refused to lend money to Japanese-Americans.
Japan wanted to end any Russian threat to Korea.
Japan launched a new invasion of China in July, 1937.
The Japanese military forces seemed too strong to stop.
For the first time, the Japanese Navy had been defeated.
Within days, Japan captured the American island of Guam.
Many Americans were angry about the Japanese invasion.
Japanese and American forces were still fighting bitterly.
Poor Japanese immigrants were willing to work for low pay.
Many nations had signed the treaty in 1997 in Kyoto, Japan.
In Japan, military leaders gained control of the government.
President Roosevelt decided not to strike back at Japan immediately.
Allied military leaders found a way to defeat the Japanese plan.
Roosevelt worked hard to improve America's relations with Japan.
In the summer of that year, more Japanese troops moved into China.
Japan's army took control of the government in Tokyo in late 1931.
Nixon was born in California.
Al Gore was born in Washington, DC.
John Kerry was born in Colorado in 1943.
Their daughter Chelsea was born in 1980.
Rutherford Hayes was born in Ohio in 1822.
Hoover was born in the farm state of Iowa in 1874.
George W. Bush was born in the state of Connecticut in 1946.
Roosevelt was born to a wealthy family in New York City in 1858.
Franklin Roosevelt was born to a rich and important New York family.
Ronald Reagan was born in 1911, in the little town of Tampico, Illinois.
Tyler was born and grew up in the same part of Virginia as William Henry Harrison.
Supplies were very low.
Supplies were no problem.
Their supplies were low.
People fought over supplies.
Grant was not worried about supplies.
Food supplies at the fort were very low.
These supplies became extremely valuable.
The southern army needed men and supplies.
The price of these supplies quickly increased.
Canadian officials weighed the supplies of each man.
These companies needed equipment and other supplies.
The Union army's supply lines were on the north side.
Without supplies, his army could not fight very long.
It had been very costly in lives, money, and supplies.
No one had ever tried to supply such a large city by air.
Lee no longer had a way to supply his troops in Petersburg.
Britain faced dangerously low supplies of food.
Grant wanted to cut the supply lines between the two cities.
No one voted against it.
The voting continued.
Monroe received 65 votes.
The convention voted.
The convention voted again.
Each congressman could vote.
All had voted for Aaron Burr.
Finally, the delegates voted.
The people voted in November.
Three voted against the idea.
The delegates voted six times.
Many of the votes were illegal.
One by one, the Senators voted.
Only twenty-seven had voted no.
Polk got only forty-four votes.
The voting began again at noon.
His vote would decide the issue.
The delegates voted immediately.
Each state had just one vote.
Four states voted for Aaron Burr.
Garfield won 214 electoral votes.
The delegates voted on the issue.
The House voted three weeks later.
The House voted thirty-three times.
The vote on the question was close.
Women were given the right to vote.
Americans voted on November 2, 2004.
Delegates voted over and over again.
Most blacks were too afraid to vote.
The radicals had failed by one vote.
The vote took place on May sixteenth.
All the delegates voted to approve it.
Almost sixty-nine million people voted.
Jefferson received 162 electoral votes.
Most opponents of slavery did not vote.
Ford won by one hundred-seventeen votes.
Tilden won more popular votes than Hayes.
Nine million people voted in the election.
Hoover won fifty-eight percent of the votes.
The delegates elected him on the first vote.
Ross Perot received about eight million votes.
The convention voted on the issue sixty times.
Mr. Bush had slightly more votes than Mr. Gore.
Nineteen states voted in the elections of 1816.
The vote was twenty-eight for and twenty against.
No man received enough votes to win the nomination.
None of the candidates got a majority of the votes.
No one received enough votes to win the nomination.
It was clear to everyone that the vote would be close.
Many Republicans did not vote for their own candidate.
Nixon won the election of 1972 by a huge popular vote.
The delegates voted ninety-five times without success.
The Congress had no money.
All these things cost money.
There was no money for rebuilding.
The south had no money to rebuild.
The wartime Congress had no money.
His family did not have much money.
One way to get money was to borrow it.
People had more money to spend on new goods.
Grant had never been able to make much money.
The Colombian government demanded more money.
Many of the states owed large amounts of money.
The Emperor agreed to drop the demand for money.
Americans who had money were afraid to invest it.
As more paper money came into use, the value fell.
King Charles borrowed money from William's father.
Men and women made huge amounts of money overnight.
Foreign investors withdrew their money from America.
No government land could be bought with paper money.
The government was earning more money than it needed.
Fewer workers meant fewer people with money to buy goods.
Throughout Europe, people withdrew their money from banks.
Most Americans did not have the money to own an automobile.
The buffalo were killed.
Two Indians were killed.
Five colonists were killed.
Some civilians were killed.
General Braddock was killed.
Only two Texans were killed.
Seven policemen were killed.
A number of people were killed.
Hundreds of people were killed.
Later, more people were killed.
Thirteen Americans were killed.
Many innocent people were killed.
Thousands were killed or wounded.
His son had been killed in a duel.
Thirty-thousand people were killed.
No one on either side was killed.
One American was killed in the fight.
The huge explosion killed six people.
Farm animals were taken away or killed.
Two thousand American soldiers were killed.
About four thousand soldiers were killed.
Hundreds of people were killed or injured.
Many Union soldiers were killed or wounded.
Most of the exiles were killed or captured.
Four soldiers and twelve civilians were killed.
Quakers believe that it is always wrong to kill.
Six hundred thousand men were killed or wounded.
Men, women and children on both sides were killed.
Huge numbers of soldiers and civilians were killed.
I will go to Japanese class tomorrow.
Not every day is Sunday.
The people of old were simple through honesty; the people of today are clever through artificiality.
However, there are instances in history where entire peoples were successfully exterminated.
He talked about music.
Physical strength is an important attribute as far as search and rescue dogs are concerned.
I think I spider.
The grey man appeared in the doorway.
If you put your mind into your foot, it becomes the foot.
It is upon awakening that we realize it was a dream.
We are sitting in the same boat.
You should be able to judge when you've had too much to drink.
American forces were withdrawn.
Many Americans supported Nixon.
Most Americans liked Roosevelt.
Many Americans blamed Spain.
Many Americans did not have jobs.
Many Americans welcomed the plan.
The Americans rejected the offer.
Americans were shocked and afraid.
American workers began to protest.
Many Americans opposed the treaty.
Hoover was well-known to Americans.
Lord Ashburton had an American wife.
The Americans surprised the Germans.
The American Navy was ready to fight.
Hundreds of ships left American ports.
Many Americans wanted a gold standard.
Most Americans supported the decision.
The American troops held their ground.
Americans simply had no desire to fight.
Many American planes were shot down.
The Americans did not like the new plan.
The Americans had very little gunpowder.
Smallpox was unknown to Native Americans.
Thousands of Americans owned automobiles.
Not all Americans shared Wilson's opinion.
Some Americans joined the Communist Party.
Many conservative Americans agreed with him.
Most Americans agreed with President Wilson.
The American economy was stronger than ever.
Most Americans approved of what Coolidge did.
The American economy suffered a recession.
Several American warships were sent to Panama.
American troops stayed in Nicaragua until 1933.
Hoover withdrew American forces from Nicaragua.
African Americans demonstrated for civil rights.
Black Americans continued to suffer from racism.
Many Americans protested the purchase of Alaska.
The American Senate quickly approved the treaty.
The year 1796 saw a change in American politics.
It was extremely cold.
The winters were bitterly cold.
Election day was cold and rainy.
It was bitterly cold in Washington.
Jackson's eyes grew as cold as ice.
Winter in this area was extremely cold.
It was not very cold, but it was always wet.
Cold weather and insects destroyed their crops.
Late in March 1841, his cold turned into pneumonia.
It was the end of winter, and the weather was very cold.
It was the coldest inaugural day in the nation's history.
This cruel cold could make a man afraid of his own voice.
The weather had been hot.
The two sides struggled for hours in the hot summer sun.
The request became a hot political issue in the presidential campaign.
It was a warm, friendly meeting.
It was summer and the weather was warm.
The new president was a warm and friendly man.
His warm way with people had made him hugely popular.
President Taft wrote a warm goodbye letter to his friend.
The discovery took place on a warm August day in 1896.
No one seemed to hear.
No one knows the answer.
No one could buy anything.
No one opposed the choice.
No one welcomed the proposal.
No one did anything but dance.
No one wanted to talk about it.
No one wanted to insult these men.
There was no one else on the road.
No one is sure how many people died.
In Washington, no one knew what to expect.
No one could be sure what would happen then.
No one expected him to be a candidate again.
No one found any reason to criticize his actions.
It looked like no one could stop President Reagan.
No one liked President Buchanan's message to Congress.
No one can be forced to give evidence against himself in court.
No one knows exactly how many people considered themselves hippies.
A doctor examined Mr. Brown.
Doctors removed the bullet.
Doctors were called to the White House.
Doctors were afraid to remove the bullet.
His family and his doctor urged him not to go.
There were not many doctors in the gold fields.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from his back.
Jackson asked the doctor to cut out the bullet at once.
A doctor tried to remove the bullet from the president's head.
A doctor quickly cut off his left arm and stopped the heavy bleeding.
After a few weeks, doctors made Cleveland a new jaw out of hard rubber.
The boy's plan was to study medicine and return to Saint Croix as a doctor.
Bill was sent to live with his grandparents while his mother studied to become a nurse.
The nation needed more and better teachers.
The soldiers had artillery.
You have been good soldiers.
Why were 14,000 soldiers lost?
The soldiers could see him now.
The young soldier was confused.
The soldiers began returning home.
The soldiers set fire to the barn.
There were soldiers on these ships.
The Union soldiers fought fiercely.
His soldiers feared and respected him.
German soldiers marched through France.
The soldiers had more powerful weapons.
Soldiers came home and started families.
Cuban soldiers were guarding the streets.
More and more Russian soldiers lost hope.
The soldiers ordered the miners to leave.
The city was full of hungry soldiers.
The soldiers could do nothing until spring.
The soldiers returned to their lines.
Soldiers shared their food with the Indians.
The army sent soldiers to remove the miners.
The soldiers were tried in court for murder.
Most of these men had not been soldiers long.
Fort Moultrie had fewer than seventy soldiers.
The Spanish soldiers used smokeless gunpowder.
Thousands of soldiers and civilians were dying.
The soldiers on the boats would be easy targets.
A crowd of soldiers waited at Lee's headquarters.
The soldiers stopped at every farm and village.
Soldiers on both sides were dying by the millions.
Soldiers began to come home and find peacetime jobs.
Thousands and thousands of soldiers lost their lives.
The army forced him to resign.
Santa Ana's army was destroyed.
The Confederate army retreated.
The Union army shelled the city.
The army faced little opposition.
Lee's army fought off each attack.
The navy was ordered to go to sea.
The Mexican army threatened action.
A large army and navy would be needed.
Public pressure forced the army to act.
The army had no men near Harpers Ferry.
Washington's army has captured Trenton.
He returned to the army camp.
His army was west of the Mississippi River.
The Texans began to organize their own army.
Who was going to organize these men into an army?
Germany's leaders were losing hope.
The nation's leaders had no choice.
Republican leaders denied the charge.
Western leaders condemned the action.
Many leaders supported the compromise.
Business leaders blamed it on Roosevelt.
Several party leaders met in private.
Grant was not an effective political leader.
Parents and religious leaders criticized him.
His actions greatly angered Mexican leaders.
Federalist leaders denounced Jefferson's policy.
Some of the Indian leaders refused to negotiate.
The Confederate leaders refused to accept defeat.
Republican Party leaders criticized President Hayes.
Food shipments were blocked.
There was no place to buy food.
The Indians gave the settlers food.
Mobs broke into stores looking for food.
The Indians had difficulty finding food.
There was enough food for forty days.
There were severe shortages of food and fuel.
Oats have long been food for horses and mules.
The men had little to do except hunt for food.
Wagons would go out each day in search of food.
Some people could not buy food or other necessities.
The government would give them food for the winter.
The explorers began to suffer from a severe lack of food.
This photo shows a man who owns a small food store.
The lines of people waiting for food were longer than before.
Getting food to Fort Sumter would be a very difficult job.
In many areas, there was little food and the people were hungry.
Jackson fell from his horse.
Tractors replaced horses and mules.
More tractors meant fewer horses and mules.
Letters were carried by riders on fast horses.
By the 1750s, all the tribes of the Great Plains had horses.
About sixty men from the tribe quickly arrived riding horses.
Lincoln's plan was good.
Lincoln agreed to do so.
Lincoln liked this plan.
Lincoln opposed slavery.
Lincoln was a Republican.
Lincoln himself was silent.
Lincoln repeated the words.
Lincoln was not well-known.
Lincoln won the election.
Lincoln returned to Washington.
Lincoln said troops were needed.
Southern newspapers attacked Lincoln.
McClellan tried to calm Lincoln's fears.
Lincoln and Douglas talked for two hours.
Lincoln arrived at Gettysburg at sundown.
Lincoln did not want to punish the south.
Edward Everett did not agree with Lincoln.
President Lincoln accepted the invitation.
An old man came up and shook Lincoln's hand.
Douglas finally agreed to talk with Lincoln.
Lincoln was advised to talk about democracy.
Lincoln was glad the celebrations were over.
Lincoln welcomed his old political opponent.
Many people thought Lincoln could be that man.
Abraham Lincoln was assassinated in the spring.
Lincoln agreed that all slaves should be freed.
In 1864, Lincoln decided to run for re-election.
Lincoln was a good politician and a smart lawyer.
Thousands of people went to see President Lincoln.
Abraham Lincoln went back to Washington that night.
President Lincoln wrote all five of these documents.
Jefferson remained calm.
Jefferson rejected this idea.
This did not worry Jefferson.
Jefferson agreed with Madison.
President Jefferson was angry.
Jefferson decided not to resign.
Jefferson believed the nation was in good hands.
Jefferson believed firmly in the value of education.
Both houses of Congress approved Jefferson's proposal.
Jefferson was not ready to give up his plan.
President Jefferson ordered a ban on trade with Europe.
Thomas Jefferson left the White House in March of 1809.
Jefferson was a happy president in those early days of 1801.
President Jefferson did not want the trade ban to last long.
Jefferson sent James Monroe to Paris as a special negotiator.
The treaty was signed.
The treaty was approved.
The treaty was defeated.
Spain approved the treaty.
The treaty made Texas independent.
The two sides signed a peace treaty.
Most people thought it was a good treaty.
The United States had a treaty with France.
France had signed a secret treaty with Spain.
Grant asked the Senate to approve the treaty.
Senator Hoar spoke strongly against the treaty.
The Florida treaty was signed in February 1819.
The treaty gave the United States a canal zone.
A few years later, the treaty was put to a test.
Attempts to negotiate a peace treaty failed.
It seemed clear the Senate would reject the treaty.
Russia signed its own peace treaty with Germany.
The Senate accepted the treaty, and Polk signed it.
The treaty was signed on November 18, 1903.
The treaty did not ban nuclear tests under the ground.
Britain was in no hurry to agree on a peace treaty.
More than one hundred nations have approved the treaty.
The next step was to negotiate terms of a peace treaty.
The United States had no commercial treaty with Britain.
The treaty with Texas was signed April twelfth, 1844.
The United States had a treaty of friendship with Mexico.
The Sioux had signed a treaty with the government in 1868.
The Sioux tribe asked the government to enforce the treaty.
The crisis led to the 1968 Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.
The Senate acted quickly to approve the treaty with Britain.
After months of negotiations, the peace treaty was completed.
I am in favour of your proposal.
It's so obvious that it's a lie!
Nearly one billion people around the globe lack access to clean, safe water.
His memory will live forever.
Seated on the floor, she watches me.
She caught sight of the tautology that she was looking for in a crowd of other, equally useless and potentially dangerous, tautologies.
Our company's headquarters are in Tokyo.
You're going to teach me? That's laughable!
Don't interrupt me.
I love blackberries.
Of course I'm kidding!
Of course it's a joke!
Where are we meeting tomorrow? I don't want to get lost again.
You look very introspective.
My best regards.
I drank milk.
I have the right to speak, too.
He shaved.
There is an unbreakable link between language and culture.
Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and eight times out of nine I'll show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities.
The female loves to play man against man, and if she is in a position to do it there is not one who will not resist. The male, for all his bravado and exploration, is the loyal one, the one who generally feels love. The female is skilled at betrayal and torture and damnation. Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell.
An intellectual is a man who says a simple thing in a difficult way; an artist is a man who says a difficult thing in a simple way.
If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence.
Have you ever seen a pier?
Moor the ship at the pier.
A ship is moored at the pier.
This is for Scotland, not for Sparta.
In wine there's wisdom, in beer there's strength, in water there are bacteria.
The town in which I live is rather small.
I refuse to write this sentence.
Bumblebees are bigger than bees.
We're all friends!
Who is the plaintiff in this trial?
I am the plaintiff in that trial.
Power brings corruption.
Power corrupts people.
This is an obvious sentence.
I don't care about English, I can't even speak it!
I don't care about my future.
Give me the number.
Can I get to know you?
She gave him a slap in the face.
That was not necessary.
The bus became crowded.
The deal was agreed to.
The nation was growing.
There were many others.
There were two bridges.
The system worked well.
The trip west was hard.
Washington was worried.
We must not be enemies.
Wilson felt very happy.
Armstrong walked around.
Carter was re-nominated.
Clay accepted the offer.
Congress refused to act.
Hoover opposed the plan.
I have something to say.
It was a dangerous time.
It was a small incident.
Jackson was a rough man.
Manpower was no problem.
Many could not hear him.
Many of the people died.
Nixon became very angry.
Production fell rapidly.
Rosa Parks was arrested.
Slavery was legal there.
Smith was an honest man.
The appeal was rejected.
The charge was not true.
The Czar was overthrown.
The facts are not clear.
The Indians were hungry.
The nation was at peace.
The order came too late.
The organization failed.
There were lots of jobs.
There were no railroads.
The Spanish fired first.
What was the difference?
Workers lost their jobs.
A ceasefire was declared.
A compromise was reached.
A light rain was falling.
As a result, prices rose.
Banks closed their doors.
Both were extremely rich.
Bush studied the problem.
Custer refused to listen.
Everyone talked about it.
Ford was poorly educated.
Four ideas were proposed.
I deny all those charges.
Inflation was controlled.
It happened in Milwaukee.
It was published in 1969.
I will do the best I can.
Let them keep their jobs.
Many of them were bitter.
Many scientists knew him.
Many senators opposed it.
McClellan wasted no time.
Republicans were furious.
Sixty new museums opened.
Spain controlled Florida.
Tensions were increasing.
The decision is not easy.
The governor was furious.
The gunman was Jack Ruby.
The Mexicans surrendered.
The plan did not succeed.
The ship was not damaged.
The situation grew worse.
Ulysses Grant was a hero.
What was the explanation?
A crowd waited to see him.
Border fights were common.
Dewey was suddenly a hero.
Farmers were doing better.
Few farms had electricity.
Gold was discovered there.
Her courage supported her.
I do not want your houses.
It was eighty meters long.
Many of them carried guns.
Many problems awaited him.
McClellan decided to wait.
People liked Jimmy Carter.
Someone asked about Texas.
The changes were not made.
The issue split the party.
There was a hiss of steam.
There was another problem.
There was much work to do.
There was not enough fuel.
The train left at sunrise.
The wound became infected.
Unemployment rose sharply.
Charles Guiteau was insane.
Few visitors could see him.
Hamilton died the next day.
Herold agreed to surrender.
His policy was soon tested.
His supporters were afraid.
Hoover said this was wrong.
It happened near the house.
It lasted for twenty years.
It was a strange situation.
Jackson stayed for a while.
Many people became Mormons.
Most people were satisfied.
Neither side would give up.
People lost faith in banks.
Pierce was elected in 1852.
Roosevelt kept his promise.
Saddam rejected the demand.
Santa Ana begged for mercy.
Taylor tried to be neutral.
The bomb missed its target.
The cost in lives was huge.
The fighting grew bloodier.
The Iraqis were surrounded.
The job would be difficult.
The land did not cost much.
The opposition was divided.
There were no resignations.
The rioters beat him badly.
The situation was hopeless.
The trial lasted five days.
The trial was all but done.
Thousands lost their homes.
Both were seriously wounded.
Carranza rejected the offer.
Eisenhower kept his promise.
Grant took 14,000 prisoners.
Grant was extremely popular.
Hamilton did not like Adams.
Her health seemed to suffer.
In 1911, a revolt broke out.
It was an agricultural area.
It was his personal opinion.
It would be a difficult job.
Jackson said this was wrong.
Lenin ordered them to rebel.
Living conditions were hard.
Many of the men became sick.
Most of us love our country.
Paying for it was difficult.
People blamed General Grant.
Police caught the criminals.
Several delegates disagreed.
Several plans were proposed.
Slaves did most of the work.
Suddenly the telephone rang.
Taft did not like it at all.
The compromise was accepted.
The election was very close.
The end was only hours away.
The people demanded answers.
The president seemed strong.
There are clouds in the sky.
The snow was still too deep.
The truce did not last long.
The voyage lasted 14 months.
This made many people angry.
Adams was an intelligent man.
Anderson rejected the demand.
Barney was wounded seriously.
Brigham Young agreed to stay.
Congress passed the proposal.
Harrison's health grew worse.
His clothes did not fit well.
His men fought hard and well.
Hooker was extremely pleased.
Industry was growing quickly.
In fact, Grant did not agree.
It was foggy near the ground.
It was not easy to find gold.
It was not much of a meeting.
Jackson could not believe it.
Jackson could not trust them.
Jackson seemed to get better.
James Madison hated the idea.
John Kerry opposed this idea.
Lee was taking a huge chance.
Life was not easy in Georgia.
Many people were out of work.
One day passed. Then another.
People danced in the streets.
General John Pope made a terrible mistake.
President Wilson was shocked.
Russia rejected both demands.
Sixty delegates were elected.
Some were unwilling to fight.
Strong leadership was needed.
The election was in November.
The fighting lasted one week.
The fires got out of control.
The group left early in 1791.
Their screams filled the air.
Their support for him cooled.
The pilots tested their guns.
There is almost no furniture.
These people were very lucky.
The two men were not related.
The unrest lasted three days.
Those people now had no jobs.
Thousands of people attended.
Van Buren rejected the offer.
What is the president's plan?
What would you expect to see?
A huge crowd of people waited.
Burr told his friends goodbye.
Congress rejected the request.
Daniel Webster also was there.
Hamilton's ideas were extreme.
It was not a complete victory.
It weighed about 14 kilograms.
Jackson accepted their advice.
Johnson defended his policies.
Johnston decided to surrender.
Kennedy spoke about the issue.
Kim Il-sung was named premier.
Kuwait suffered severe damage.
Many farmers lost their farms.
Many people agreed with Mason.
Most of the town was sleeping.
Negotiations lasted many days.
Pemberton rejected the demand.
Prices rose higher and higher.
Racial tensions remained high.
Spain ruled Cuba at that time.
Suddenly, there were gunshots.
The Chicago Tribune was wrong.
The decision was made for him.
The meeting was very friendly.
Then the Germans struck again.
The president remained in bed.
The president was not injured.
There also was another reason.
There is only one thing to do.
There was a moment of silence.
There would be no competition.
These machines were expensive.
The sun seemed to stand still.
The two groups met as friends.
The worst riot was in Chicago.
This ship was ten meters long.
This was not the only problem.
Tokyo surrendered within days.
Truman's popularity increased.
Two passenger ships were sunk.
Work began almost immediately.
An angry crowd screamed at her.
Calhoun had presidential hopes.
Chairs and tables were damaged.
Clay demanded an investigation.
Douglas did not oppose slavery.
Douglas was a short, heavy man.
Glasses and dishes were broken.
Grant refused to accept defeat.
John Adams took office in 1797.
Only a few sailors can be seen.
Public opinion began to change.
Rebel forces prepared to fight.
Some did not know how to fight.
Some of his officers protested.
Some of them were not friendly.
The issue needed to be settled.
The men began to march forward.
There was silence for a moment.
The shelling continued all day.
The statue was built in France.
The train stopped in Baltimore.
The two men had much in common.
The violence lasted three days.
Why did the stock market crash?
A prayer was said over his body.
Arthur was in his early fifties.
Cumming called a public meeting.
His mind had lost its sharpness.
His mother and sister were sick.
It was a most difficult problem.
Losses were heavy on both sides.
Many died of hunger and disease.
Many people had no homes at all.
Millions of men lost their jobs.
President Hayes vetoed the bill.
President Jackson did not agree.
President Roosevelt was furious.
President Roosevelt was pleased.
Slaves were considered property.
The earth became red with blood.
The Germans had strong defenses.
The riot spread across the city.
The trial went on day after day.
Turkey was stronger than Greece.
Warren Harding won the election.
What would the new president do?
Adams won the presidency in 1796.
A gunman shot him in March, 1981.
Andrew became active in politics.
Both sides accepted the proposal.
For a time, things were peaceful.
His mother died four years later.
John Rutledge disagreed strongly.
Many campaign songs were written.
Many had lost their arms or legs.
Many lacked political experience.
Mine owners refused to negotiate.
Muammar Kaddafi escaped unharmed.
President Arthur vetoed the bill.
President Van Buren was troubled.
Protestants were in the majority.
Rachel was buried two days later.
Some even accused him of treason.
Such measures were not necessary.
The assassin was Charles Guiteau.
The bullet cut through an artery.
The Confederate flag was lowered.
The convention opened as planned.
The Klan often terrorized blacks.
The Lusitania sank in 18 minutes.
The miners did not want to fight.
The peace talks ended in failure.
The president appeared powerless.
There is no reason for this fear.
There was a good reason for this.
There was no question about that.
There were no slaves in the West.
These houses were dark and dirty.
The situation there was critical.
The snow was several meters deep.
The threat to Richmond was ended.
The water was calm and very blue.
Thirty-four of them were lawyers.
Warren Harding was an honest man.
Worrying never does you any good.
Zachary Taylor was a slave owner.
A few were drunk most of the time.
All took part in the negotiations.
Almost three thousand people died.
Bill Clinton was found not guilty.
By then, however, it was too late.
Everett stood silent for a moment.
Germany faced possible starvation.
Hamilton's ideas were not popular.
His condition got worse every day.
His policies were too progressive.
It was a great time for Hollywood.
It was July. The heat was intense.
John Kennedy was just forty-three.
Most were unable to read or write.
Opposition to the bill was strong.
President Polk withdrew the offer.
Some of them did very little work.
Taft did not want to be president.
Taft had become very conservative.
The economic situation grew worse.
The governor of Texas was furious.
The gunman was found to be insane.
Their trip in 1903 lasted 63 days.
The price of everything increased.
There was fighting in the streets.
There were no stores in the Yukon.
The two sides negotiated for days.
The violence lasted for two weeks.
Twenty railroads were closed down.
Violence increased soon afterward.
Was the Missouri Compromise legal?
Woodrow Wilson was extremely sick.
Alexander Hamilton was a proud man.
Anyone who protested, lost his job.
At first, the Indians were friendly.
Bill Clinton denied the accusation.
Buffalo bones were made into tools.
Ceasefire talks began in July 1951.
Defense lawyers appealed for mercy.
Everett spoke for almost two hours.
Federalists in Virginia were proud.
For many, it was a dream come true.
His name was becoming widely known.
It was a great victory for Jackson.
Jackson agreed to be at the dinner.
Jackson lived for eight more years.
John Brown's rebellion was crushed.
Laika orbited Earth for seven days.
Many children died at an early age.
Many in the theater recognized him.
Many roads and fields were flooded.
Millions of people lost their jobs.
Nothing could be done, except wait.
Now I have to start all over again.
President Monroe was a slave-owner.
President Roosevelt agreed to help.
Roosevelt spoke for almost an hour.
Shepherd tried to run and was shot.
Smith was arrested and put in jail.
Soon, their hunger turned to anger.
Swing music was a new form of jazz.
That made Theodore Roosevelt angry.
The air was full of flying bullets.
The commander refused to negotiate.
The disease spread in several ways.
The first few years were difficult.
The news was unbelievably terrible.
These new immigrants had no skills.
The situation resulted in violence.
Thousands of people rushed to Nome.
Truman had three difficult choices.
William McKinley refused to travel.
William Penn was not born a Quaker.
Working men drank hard apple cider.
A ceasefire began a few hours later.
Almost all of Atlanta was destroyed.
A mighty cheer burst from the crowd.
Congress asked for more information.
Everyone tried to sell their stocks.
Fear washed across the stock market.
His hair is black in color and long.
In August 1990, Iraq invaded Kuwait.
It became difficult to find buffalo.
Jackson was not planning to retreat.
Jacob Coxey was ready for the worst.
Many buildings burned to the ground.
Men with guns were waiting for them.
Millions of workers lost their jobs.
More than five-hundred were wounded.
Newspapers printed the proclamation.
Nixon had run for president in 1960.
Nixon was about to become president.
On election day, voters chose Nixon.
One thousand buildings lay in ruins.
Prices went to amazingly low levels.
Santa Ana stepped down as president.
Settlers were forced off their land.
Some people in the crowd fired back.
The extremists refused to negotiate.
The policemen demanded higher wages.
The situation seemed out of control.
The two sides clashed several times.
This decision had important results.
Thousands of people lost their jobs.
Al Smith's parents came from Ireland.
A number of senators disliked Wilson.
Brown himself did not want to escape.
Congress did not approve the measure.
Heavy rains fell for more than a day.
His blue coat was dirty and wrinkled.
James Monroe easily won the election.
John Quincy Adams spoke to the crowd.
Johnson refused to recognize the law.
John Wilkes Booth carried a notebook.
Many of these things were not needed.
Nixon made the speech on national TV.
Only a few escaped to tell the story.
Pierce wanted to run for re-election.
Railroads were built across the west.
Rockefeller was governor of New York.
Small family farms were disappearing.
Some built houses partly underground.
Some people caught rats and ate them.
Some were farmers, some were hunters.
The attackers were led by John Brown.
The bank was run by private citizens.
The Congress accepted the compromise.
The enemy has demanded our surrender.
The government in Baghdad had fallen.
The government of Mexico surrendered.
The people expected a victory speech.
The people rejected the constitution.
The revolution divided many families.
There was a bridge across each river.
There was a shortage of imported oil.
Tobacco was one of their major crops.
Truman campaigned until Election Day.
A blood vessel burst inside his brain.
All eight prisoners were found guilty.
A week later, Germany attacked Poland.
A young man waited in line to see him.
Bush put together a hard-working team.
Churchill visited Stalin late in 1944.
Conkling decided to resign in protest.
Coolidge won the 1924 election easily.
Forty-seven men wanted the nomination.
Franco's forces took control in Spain.
Garvey moved to New York City in 1916.
In some places, people died of hunger.
I wanted to talk to them face to face.
Jackson fought to hold back his tears.
Most of the policemen lost their jobs.
On July tenth, the veto was announced.
Opposition to the embargo was growing.
Parents were hopeful about the future.
Santa Ana was living in exile in Cuba.
The bloody European conflict was over.
The governor ordered an investigation.
The main idea in his speech was unity.
The president wanted immediate action.
The rebellion lasted about two months.
There was almost no color in his face.
There was steady economic improvement.
The United States had nuclear weapons.
The value of the dollar began to drop.
Three million people were out of work.
Tokyo wasted no time in taking action.
What more do we need to make us happy?
Within hours, the world knew the news.
Workers struggled as factories closed.
A new kind of bullet had been invented.
A temporary government was established.
Burr decided not to wait for an answer.
Communists took power in China in 1949.
Everyone was pushing, trying to escape.
Fifty-five people died in the violence.
Five days later, President Taylor died.
France and Britain joined the invasion.
Germany was winning on the battlefield.
Gold had been discovered in California.
Grant attacked Vicksburg several times.
Interest rates and inflation were high.
It had snowed heavily the night before.
Lee was dressed in his finest clothing.
Lord Ashburton accepted the compromise.
Many of them had traded with the enemy.
Many people denounced President Wilson.
Most of them urged him to take the job.
Most people expected John Adams to win.
Only seven Senators remained undecided.
People throughout the north were angry.
Roosevelt's condition improved quickly.
Senator Kerry was considered a liberal.
Songs and poems were written about him.
Technology solved many of the problems.
The fighting lasted about three months.
The fighting there lasted several days.
The next step was to sign the document.
The Pony Express lasted only 18 months.
This plan had little chance of success.
Three were sentenced to life in prison.
Washington often thought of the future.
Wilson probably was correct about this.
Adams did not expect the job to be easy.
A public opinion study was made in 1937.
Biddle was an extremely intelligent man.
Calhoun wanted to be the next president.
Calhoun was too weak to read his speech.
Eisenhower was elected in November 1952.
Herbert Hoover won the election of 1928.
Jackson had his arm around a young lady.
Kane was an old friend of the president.
Military law was declared in some areas.
More and more students began to protest.
Of the eight, only one was found guilty.
President Clinton denied the accusation.
Roosevelt went to church in the morning.
Shell after shell smashed into the fort.
The bomb exploded with a blinding flash.
The crowd applauded for several minutes.
The government owed millions of dollars.
The laws were very difficult to enforce.
The servants' screams awakened everyone.
The settlers accepted the Indians' help.
The two generals met again the next day.
This system worked well until the 1840s.
Thousands of people there were arrested.
A few months later, Israel invaded Egypt.
A severe ocean storm hit the West Indies.
Bill's father was a traveling salesman.
Burr traveled west in the spring of 1805.
Federal negotiators reached a compromise.
General Erwin Rommel was brave and smart.
George Washington arrived the day before.
His negotiators had disobeyed his orders.
I believe I have no legal right to do so.
In 1950, North Korea invaded South Korea.
Jackson received no answer to his letter.
Losses on both sides were extremely high.
Madison's first four years were not easy.
Many in the North felt slavery was wrong.
Many people also considered him a madman.
President Grant had done nothing illegal.
President Johnson rejected the agreement.
President Roosevelt opposed the decision.
Remington spent several months in Havana.
Republicans were defeated in many states.
Suddenly, a man stepped in front of them.
The amendment was first proposed in 1789.
The attack began without enough planning.
The cost of living in America was rising.
The dead and wounded soon lay everywhere.
The island was now surrounded by militia.
The king would not even read the message.
The movie industry became a big business.
There were all sorts of group activities.
There were no fences on the great plains.
The rioters beat many policemen to death.
The situation changed the following year.
The three men fought as long as possible.
The two had been enemies for a long time.
To try to bring it back would be foolish.
We make progress only one step at a time.
Yamamoto had one hundred sixty-two ships.
Brown and his friends were forced to flee.
Congress approved the plan in August 1969.
Democrats and Republicans worked together.
Families needed a lot of help on the farm.
Farm prices had fallen fifty-five percent.
Grant refused to give them a firm promise.
High unemployment and inflation continued.
His boots and pants were covered with mud.
His men began their attack on Mexico City.
I do not want to fight Theodore Roosevelt.
In the 1960s, folk music was very popular.
Lewis and Clark kept very careful records.
Major Anderson was ready to stop fighting.
More and more people began raising cattle.
Quakers believe that all people are equal.
Remington was a cowboy for only two years.
The conference was not a complete success.
The election results were extremely close.
The people wanted a chance to become rich.
The show presented modern art from Europe.
The United States became a nation in 1776.
Wilson clearly had the best chance to win.
Allied forces were attacking from the west.
At first, the local cowboys laughed at him.
Clark made extremely good maps of the area.
Cleveland was not sure the boy was his son.
Conkling refused to accept the appointment.
Historians are not sure who his father was.
I could hear everything the president said.
I have made many sacrifices for my country.
It appeared that some had violated the law.
Jackson sent a message to President Monroe.
Johnston bled to death before help arrived.
Many folk songs were about social problems.
Millions of persons lost all their savings.
President Hoover tried to solve the crisis.
President Jackson called a cabinet meeting.
President Jackson left a few minutes later.
President Madison signed the bill into law.
President Pierce finally agreed to sign it.
Queen Liliuokalani was forced to surrender.
Saddam Hussein had disappeared into hiding.
Sherman met with Johnston a few days later.
The 1960s were years of protest and reform.
The prisoners themselves could say nothing.
There was another clash a few months later.
These taxes raised the prices on all goods.
The two men were tried by a military court.
The United States had become a world power.
Truman's first big problem was the economy.
A crisis in France could be bad for America.
After much debate, Congress passed the bill.
Britain refused to be part of the agreement.
Calvin Coolidge was quiet and plain-looking.
Chester Arthur had been a successful lawyer.
Computers were invented forty years earlier.
Congress approved the resolution in October.
Franklin Roosevelt became president in 1933.
Harrison's men continued to chase the enemy.
In 1835, a barrel of flour cost six dollars.
Jackson's health had never been really good.
Jackson's health quickly became much better.
Many tried to put their feelings into words.
Monroe and Pinkney had signed the agreement.
Nothing valuable can be lost by taking time.
One by one, friends came up to speak to him.
Perry finally sailed into Tokyo Bay in 1853.
Physically, the two men were very different.
President McKinley sent an immediate answer.
President Wilson accepted Germany's apology.
Ten million workers still did not have jobs.
The cancer needed to be removed immediately.
The committee proposed almost forty changes.
The Dutch were just not in control any more.
The economy improved from poor to very good.
The man who shot McKinley was Leon Czolgosz.
The papers were mixed together in a big box.
There seemed to be no answer to the problem.
The resolution was not approved immediately.
Troops inside the walls were well protected.
Truman had long been interested in politics.
Vice President Roosevelt hurried to Buffalo.
Within one year, the stock market collapsed.
Andrew Jackson was elected president in 1828.
Before leaving, his men set fire to the city.
Congress finally approved Wilson's proposals.
Her feet were tired after a long day at work.
Hundreds of cities and towns suffered damage.
In 1891, Liliuokalani became queen of Hawaii.
Kissinger was an expert on foreign relations.
Madison made an emotional speech in Congress.
Missouri was part of the Louisiana territory.
More and more people promised to support him.
Most men in politics just did not like Adams.
Napoleon Bonaparte ruled France at that time.
No charges were brought against the Clintons.
President Roosevelt won the election of 1940.
The boycott lasted a little more than a year.
The Mexican government had grown even weaker.
There was a danger the smallpox could spread.
The two sides finally agreed on a compromise.
Warren Harding had owned a newspaper in Ohio.
A group of militia saw him and began shooting.
As businesses failed, workers lost their jobs.
As expected, the price of imported goods rose.
At that time, the territory belonged to Spain.
By 1897, thousands of people were out of work.
By the summer of 1920, the Red Scare was over.
Farragut captured New Orleans without a fight.
Finally, it was time to sign the Constitution.
For a few moments, there was complete silence.
General Jackson failed to capture any Indians.
It took two tries to launch the second Gemini.
It was a great moment in the nation's history.
It was an afternoon Truman would never forget.
Jackson's men began to leave the next morning.
John Brown had attacked with about twenty men.
Many thousands on both sides had been wounded.
Newspaper reporters were not permitted inside.
One of Hamilton's friends explained the rules.
President Arthur wanted to reduce the tariffs.
Reagan asked for military aid for the Contras.
Rome became a great power under Julius Caesar.
Roosevelt and Willkie discussed the situation.
Slaves were the least expensive form of labor.
The agreement gave Britain control over Egypt.
The government of Mexico refused to negotiate.
The homes of hundreds of families were burned.
The next two years were busy ones for Jackson.
The number of houses being built was dropping.
The president was willing to support the bill.
The public praised Roosevelt's reform efforts.
There were a number of reasons for the change.
The situation seemed very tense and dangerous.
The Tennessee River Valley area was very poor.
The troops would protect trains carrying mail.
The United States has many plans to celebrate.
Thousands of people went to see the President.
Washington was the most famous man in America.
What happened in Vietnam was like a bad dream.
A grand jury found him not guilty of any crime.
A messenger took the letter to the White House.
Burr made secret deals with a number of people.
Burr was not satisfied with Hamilton's answers.
Cleveland decided that high tariffs were wrong.
Companies were organized to carry out the move.
Delegates debated the compromise for many days.
Factories were producing more than ever before.
Fear of communism was very strong at that time.
His most important adviser was Henry Kissinger.
Improvements in technology helped them succeed.
In 1862, Congress had passed the Homestead Act.
Judge Parker had no chance to win the election.
King George took control of the colony in 1752.
Not everyone believed this plan was a good one.
Not far from the house was a military hospital.
Roosevelt refused to accept the idea of defeat.
Search and rescue operations began immediately.
Slavery was legal in the new Republic of Texas.
The arrival of the troops led to more violence.
The atmosphere in Washington became very tense.
The discussions were long and sometimes bitter.
The election campaign of 1880 was not exciting.
The facts did not become public for many years.
The Indians were not happy with this agreement.
The man who shot him was Sirhan Bishara Sirhan.
The settlers did not always honor the treaties.
The United Nations sent peacekeepers to Bosnia.
The United States had won the race to the moon.
A newspaper printed a story about the operation.
Banks across the country had closed their doors.
Benjamin Harrison's campaign was well-organized.
Clay did not agree with all of Adams's policies.
Communism was the biggest issue in the campaign.
Did God really create the earth in a single day?
Dwight Eisenhower was elected president in 1952.
Families began to have fewer and fewer children.
Few roads existed in North America at that time.
How did the new president deal with the problem?
In September, 1929, stock prices stopped rising.
In the end, the Germans were forced to withdraw.
It took four months to write a new Constitution.
Marilyn Monroe's success did not make her happy.
McKinley spent three-and-a-half-million dollars.
New factories and industrial centers were built.
One of the big issues in the campaign was taxes.
People called for an immediate invasion of Cuba.
Shepard remained in space only about 15 minutes.
That's something I learned from reading history.
That was where the two armies would fight again.
The cost of building the railroad was very high.
The court found him guilty and ordered him shot.
The depressed economy showed signs of improving.
Their next attack was northeast of Paris in May.
The Mormons left Illinois in the spring of 1846.
The New York Stock Exchange closed for ten days.
The other colonies began sending troops to help.
The other policemen began shooting at the crowd.
The Thirteenth Amendment freed all Negro slaves.
Today, most people in the world condemn slavery.
Trucks made it easy for goods to be transported.
West Berlin would remain free of Soviet control.
At that time, tariffs were high on many products.
At the time, the incident did not seem important.
Benjamin Franklin then told a funny little story.
Cattle would not eat grass where sheep had eaten.
His father had served as a United States senator.
His proposal started a debate that lasted a year.
History experts still are not sure what happened.
Hull was given immediate orders to invade Canada.
Hundreds of thousands of people were out of work.
In late August, the Allied forces captured Paris.
McKinley demanded an immediate ceasefire in Cuba.
More than 75% of farms raised pigs and milk cows.
More than half of the Union troops were captured.
Most of the Dutch in New Amsterdam did not leave.
Mr. Clinton was governor of Arkansas at the time.
North Korea decided the time was right to invade.
Only one other president had ever been impeached.
Petroleum has been important since ancient times.
President Polk was old, tired and in poor health.
The first sign of trouble came in September 1945.
The group stayed at Fort Clatsop for four months.
The hijackers were from Middle Eastern countries.
The Kaiser asked Theodore Roosevelt to intervene.
The majority of voters liked what Roosevelt said.
The man had just returned from a visit to Europe.
The people of Massachusetts were extremely angry.
The presidential election of 1876 was very close.
The president left Washington in early September.
The president was forced to return to Washington.
The roar of their own cannons was extremely loud.
The Supreme Court ruled that the law was illegal.
This violated the rules of the police department.
Thousands of men were on their way to Washington.
Truman arrived at the White House within minutes.
Brigham Young continued to lead the Mormon church.
Catholics could not openly observe their religion.
China is working to modernize its weapons program.
Dwight Eisenhower was the candidate for president.
Four hundred fifty black pilots were in the group.
In city after city, big public meetings were held.
In New York, the dollar was worth eight shillings.
In the wagon were a few tools and some extra guns.
Lee did not agree that the situation was hopeless.
One of the bullets struck McKinley in the stomach.
One old man came to Jackson from Albany, New York.
President Clinton denied any dishonorable actions.
Shares of these companies were sold to the public.
Some believed Nixon should have been put on trial.
Some of the tariffs were as high as sixty percent.
That crisis threatened to split the nation in two.
The Communists launched a major military campaign.
The Europeans often paid Indians to work for them.
The judge found Scopes guilty of breaking the law.
The Marines quickly defeated the communist forces.
This bill was sent to the Senate for its approval.
Year after year, production continued to increase.
Yellow fever and smallpox were no longer a threat.
I like to wear clogs.
How do magnets work?
The secret of her beauty is her naturalness.
My birthday approaches.
It is really no great secret that the right move in each position is the sure path to victory.
I won't sell this tree shade.
I know that Marco has been sick.
It reads well.
Are you subscribed to the newspaper?
This increase in the number of unemployed people is a result of the bad economy.
Accuracy and finish will become more important than high rates of metal removal for 95 percent of all machining operations.
I think that it's too big.
I have a hammer, and I'm not afraid to use it!
I understand now.
Compare unidirectional mass media such as radio and television with bidirectional ones such as correspondence and the Internet.
How many times a week do you want to study?
Sorry I'm late.
Have you been waiting long?
Let's go to Shinjuku tomorrow morning.
I went there recently.
Have you arrived yet?
Not yet.
The high house was covered with a thatched roof.
His words gave me hope.
He is not as intelligent as his brother.
Who solved the hard problem?
Not having what one likes, one likes what one has.
He decided to become a pilot.
Paint our house. Use the orange paint.
There is always something happening here.
I'd like to study in China to improve the level of my Chinese.
The reason we're on strike is that the company hasn't improved our wages.
We're on strike because the company hasn't improved our wages.
She renewed the soil in the flower pot.
We suggest raising the fees.
The project was a great success.
When you pose a question, you expect an answer.
The interviewer introduces the topic of the interview.
The interviewer identifies his interviewees.
Saeb thinks mathematicians are self-contained walking pieces of heaven.
I know that I know it, but I can't remember it.
I'm not always right, I just always correct you when you make mistakes.
Mortal enemies are immortal friends.
Won't somebody please think of the children?!
Don't marry. Be happy!
He wears glasses.
I know that some people value my work.
That should do the trick.
Here goes nothing.
I was almost crying for Kylie Minogue.
I want to watch the concert of Kylie Minogue.
A fish rots from the head down.
I'm a foreigner.
She owns two thousand books.
Congratulations for your birthday, Muriel!
Actually it's your fault.
No doubt.
In this world everyone is ruled by money.
If I were a brain in a vat, I wouldn't write this.
How long has it been since you heard from him?
This is old news to me.
His name is known to all.
This morning it was very cold.
The serpent tempted Eve.
Some of the roses in my garden are white, and others are red.
With Renaissance, scholastic ideas gave place to positive ideas.
Columbus's Law of Discovery states: If you discovered something BEFORE Christopher Columbus, then what you discovered does not exist.
As far as I know, your letter is under that book.
This answer makes me angry.
The company invested a lot of money in this project.
We should break up.
You have to take the bull by the horns.
Who will take care of the dog while we are away?
He thought of himself as being charming enough.
She thought of herself as being charming enough.
If I had money, I would travel around the world.
Switching on a fleshlight won't help you see in the dark.
What would you do in the event of a zombie apocalypse?
You're delusional. Go to bed!
Johnny was a chemist; now Johnny is no more. For what he thought was water, was H2SO4.
If I were healthy, I would be happy.
The Jersey shore is a shore around a small island, off of the coast of Normandy, called Jersey.
He still has springtime on the brain.
Tomorrow, tomorrow, just not today - say all lazy people.
You cannot compare the strength of a man to that of a tiger, but nevertheless, the tiger is still the inferior creature.
I am on the right.
Do you have a house on your own?
You are vegetarian.
I know it, but I can't hit on it.
Feel free to stay.
You're weird - I like you.
"Can we fix it?" - "No, it's fucked!"
Use it or lose it.
As people get older, their brain cells become less efficient.
Lips that touch liquor shall not touch mine.
The dwarves are great smiths.
You live and learn.
Do you think your schooldays are the happiest days of your life?
In Viking times Greenland was greener than today.
We'll soon be leaving.
I have often been asked that question.
Few people speak my language.
This language has only one sentence.
This sentence has only one language.
The right mind is the mind that does not remain in one place.
Although the economy is weak, some companies are still making a profit.
There is probably an easy solution to the problem.
The confused mind is the mind that, thinking something over, congeals in one place.
Pawn pawned by pawn.
The hawk caught a mouse.
The building is one hundred meters high.
Flesh does not emit light... or does it?
You'll never find the way back home, through narrow streets of cobblestone.
If you put your mind into the fleshlight, your mind becomes the fleshlight.
Don't panic!
The mother is always certain.
The father is always uncertain.
Chaplin was visionary.
I am the last remaining worshipper of the goddess Demeter.
He is proficient in Farsi.
He is a serious, hardworking, motivated, grown-up and open-minded person.
It's actually on the right way.
You're on the path of success.
Always at service!
The entrance examination was of rare difficulty.
I like sushi.
I hope to graduate at the exams.
The Foreign Minister was a puppet.
The employment policy is a failure.
The distributors are asking for an exceptional margin.
Morning hour, golden shower.
It depends.
I own a horse.
This letter was never meant to be sent.
Seeing the woman with the yellow hat reminded me of a story.
I know he will only continue disappointing me, but I can't help loving him.
You know you've really mastered a foreign language when you can write a decent poem in it.
The only one who enjoys a crowded subway car is a pickpocket.
If you listen to great music even the most common things become something magnificent.
He lives alone.
That movie is for children.
This is probably a stupid question, but which is stronger, the tiger or the lion?
I invited my neighbors to dinner.
He speaks like an angel.
Are you looking for a definite article?
Are you looking for a specific product?
One way or the other we made him understand it.
I met my friend.
Their attitude is very ridiculous!
God?! I won't let my life be ruled by a working hypothesis!
I killed God.
I read this in the newspaper.
If God is with us, then who can be against us?
Anger does not befit a philosopher.
Whenever I'm feeling pessimistic about the future of the world, I just think of how much has changed even in the time that I can remember.
If World War III is fought with nuclear weapons, World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
Christopher Columbus once decided to burn absolutely everything in an entire village after one of the natives stole his parrot. He was disappointed that he couldn't burn their water. So he invented fluorine.
The International Language is very useful.
That has always been so.
The producers hired a team of writers just to patch up the show's continuity, lest they get letters from...those people.
The councilor tabled a number of controversial motions.
An Alaskan town recently elected an entire team of sled dogs as its city councilors.
The heads of 16 city councils met at the state capitol.
Several councils of school administrators have agreed to increase class sizes.
Ad-hoc councils of town elders slowly evolved into militias.
"Apple" is a countable noun, so it makes grammatical sense to have five apples.
"Happiness" is not a countable noun. It would make no sense to have 18 happinesses.
The set of prime numbers is countable.
Your top does not provide enough midriff coverage, young lady.
My insurance coverage is too limited, so I guess I'll just have to live with my arm bones jutting out of my skin.
The squadron encountered an ambush and scrambled for coverage.
I have to pee, but your friends are completely crowding the hallway.
Crowning toddler beauty pageant queens is Mr. Fredericksen's passion.
The deep-fried butter stick is the crowning glory of American cuisine.
Mitch has two dads.
I'm the bad one.
Reynolds' blood pressure is dangerously high, especially when he's mad.
His knowledge put him dangerously close to a secret the organization wouldn't let him live to hear.
Bruno's football trophies will be dearer to him than his own children until they earn football trophies of their own, which, by the principles of vicarious parenting, Bruno will consider his. In fact, all of the football trophies Bruno considers his are actually his childrens'.
Gasoline only gets dearer.
I hold you ever dearer.
Declarations of variables are extremely important in C and C++.
Formal declarations of war haven't been America's style since 1942.
He basically declares anyone who doesn't agree with him a Communist.
Yolanda only declares love in person.
Departmental disagreements led the corporation to split into five separate companies.
The magazine declares a new king of hipster "music" every two weeks.
The accountants and finance analysts all have their own departmental office two blocks away from the business's main branch.
The patient's descriptions of her family are vivid, but very cynical.
Witnesses provided detailed descriptions of the assailant.
Her prose is full of needlessly florid, cliched descriptions, securing her career as a romance novelist.
I saw how he crossed the road.
Engels died of heatstroke after deserting his unit and getting lost.
Deserting his family must have made the old bastard giddy with joy.
Do you remember the first name of your grandmother? - No, I just always called her granny.
Scads of online daters constantly check their desirability.
Brand desirability among girls age 7-13 increased fivefold after the marketing department changed the company mascot to a talking pony.
Twice a year he sends his car in for extensive detailing.
The people hailed the victory.
Use makes mastery.
An hour has sixty minutes.
Botafogo has won the Brazilian League Trophy.
I've believed in Kylie Minogue since June 12, 1998.
We started to use Windows 3.1 in the beginning of 1994.
The only missing feature of Windows for Workgroups 3.11 is Turkish keyboard layout.
2005 was a bad year for music sector. Because Kylie Minogue caught breast cancer.
Unfortunately, the usage of MacBooks is very limited in Turkey.
Fortunately, Kylie Minogue healed.
A bird can fly.
I love the songs sung by Kylie Minogue.
I began to draw the letter "K" like an incomplete star, because it's one of the symbols that represent Kylie Minogue.
It doesn't matter to me who wins.
My hobby: inventing irregular forms of verbs.
"Sentences?" once more, the shopkeeper was confused by Dima's strange ramblings.
I will keep my fingers crossed for you.
Nice guys finish last.
I'm in charge of the propaganda.
This takes top priority.
You seemed not to know the truth.
We need to handle this in a lawful manner.
We must prevent rapid population growth.
You want to be honest.
Believe it. It's better like this.
The terrorists will come down from the mountains in a week.
I have fewer books than you.
Air is lighter than water.
She suddenly lost consciousness.
The moon shines in the sky.
I won't disappoint you.
I won't let you down.
What crime have I committed?
Holy bag of straw!
I bribed the policeman.
He was bribed by the policeman?! Impossible!
I give you a book.
I'm going to read the book.
Marius is the highest of all.
The cadres inspected our school.
Give me a report upon arrival.
After rounding the Dragon's Tooth, the wind was on our side, and we were flying. It felt like we were running twice as fast.
Many betrayed their friends for money.
I ask you for nothing.
If I could draw well, I would paint pictures in "Where is Waldo?"-style, but leave out Waldo.
I wanted five pineapples.
This befits you.
You will go, you will never return, in war you will perish.
An admiring fan once asked Christopher Columbus how he managed to procure funding for all of his amazing journeys. Columbus then took the fan to an abandoned alley, took out a pistol, and said "That's how".
The shrike can't harm us anymore.
I ran into my friend.
Which is your favorite shrike?
I need friends.
Why are you meowing?
What compels you to meow?
Huh? Or maybe did how many of what do what how? What do you think?
The road to simplicity is paved with hellish complexities.
When I was a teenager, my parents would never allow me to go out with boys so I was always sad.
Esperanto is not only nominally but also structurally an international language.
Behold, a book.
And now: thirteen hours without internet.
Determinate tomato cultivars stop growing at a certain height.
Organisms have determinate lifespans.
Directing is what all actors say they want to do.
The Boy Scout has been directing old ladies across streets since 2004.
The game of pinball involves directing a little steel ball onto ramps and into holes with a pair of flippers.
Directing students into rewarding business careers is the goal of vocational schools across the state.
The secretary is currently directing the ambassador up to the boss's office.
These disappearances are probably murders.
The disappearances of seven female college students have seized the nation's attention.
Her father's constant disappearances made her distrustful around men.
Misdirected discontentment on the left and right boiled over into violent incidents across the country.
"Teenage discontentment" is redundant.
Their marriage simmered with discontentment and unspoken anger.
May I borrow your radio?
Mr. Cauley's extremely dishonorable business conduct earned him high-fives and back-pats around the office and the bar.
Her family considers suicide to be dishonorable and selfish.
It seems as if dishonorable, labyrinthine, deliberately confusing economic policies have earned more support from the president than every physical and mental disability combined.
He has the most disrespectful attitude towards women I've ever seen.
Disrespectful comments will not be tolerated.
We're distancing ourselves from the rest of the family.
His desperate attempts at distancing himself from his old left-wing ties have impressed no one so far.
His car has barely been distinguishable anymore since the accident.
She's no longer distinguishable there in the distance.
The quadruplets are only distinguishable by little jailhouse tattoos behind their ears.
Boris has a difficult time distinguishing good wines from bad, especially after a few glasses.
Clovis, the constantly jumping wino, has prominent quadriceps and fantastic glutes.
He's so dreamy!
He was a soldier during the war.
Don't cast pearls before swine.
Don't cast bacon before oysters.
How's it going, pumpkin?
Sign on the dotted line.
Having found a suitable human host, an ambitious Cuba Libre sang a beautiful ballad at the karaoke bar.
Tatoeba's sentences are published under a Creative Commons Attribution License 2.0 (CC-BY).
Linguists are both athletic and educated, and that's just their tongues.
The baby isn't crying anymore.
I don't like spicy food.
Human vices provide substantial government income.
She has a white cat.
Would you like some tea or coffee?
My brain hurts.
Do you prefer the blue one or the red one?
This is the first sentence in the New_Tat_List. And it will be the last.
Please take me away from here!
Please buy me the new Shakira CD.
I don't like your friends at all.
Repeat your name!
He moved to Madrid to take the reins of his father's business.
Pick up your briefcase.
Having everything is sometimes nothing.
Is this a newspaper or a magazine?
Hail, Caesar!
Do you want to eat French, Japanese or Chinese food?
Every day I either ride a bike or get the bus to work.
Tea or coffee - which would you like?
Do you think it'll be difficult to finish reading this book in a week?
When I'm feeling low, I talk with friends or go out for a walk.
I would like to learn to play the piano, guitar or flute.
I came here to study.
Our topic of the week is: _____.
Rain is water falling from clouds.
Let's find sentences with new vocabulary on this topic, add them to the following list: _____; and translate them.
Whenever I'm sad, I stop being sad and start being awesome instead.
In harmony with truth.
These flowers you see are roses.
"Yea..." Dima continued, talking mostly to himself. "It's as if the author of my story got into some stupid argument, retired to Fiji, and just left me here to rot."
Woe to the vanquished.
China is an emerging market.
Who are you voting for?
I wouldn't ask this of you if it weren't important.
We'll think about it in due time.
My heart sank into my boots.
The aim of this policy is to improve the environment in the poorest cities.
He believes that Tai Ji has improved his life.
The UK must improve the problems with its rail network.
The manager wants to improve the company's structuring.
Through genetic modification, we can improve crops.
This new market may improve the entire industry.
We've made a lot of progress today.
We've made a lot of improvements today.
If you want to criticise other people, first you must improve your own methods.
I hope to improve my attitude to work.
In order to improve the students' attitude to their studies, the school let them start class an hour later.
People who never take risks have never had any problems.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait before my creative ability improves.
I don't know how long I'll have to wait before I become more creative.
Pachacuti was the ninth ruler of the Inca trilogy of Mexico.
I know what I'll do.
Cuzco is the name of the Incas' temple.
If there was a verb called "to nache", "Nache!" would be the imperative form.
No instrument is snootier than the piccolo trumpet.
The mod wheel is broken on this synthesizer, but the pitch bend still works.
A bass drum, a snare drum, and cymbals were once all a composer needed to make a work sound exotic.
You can measure a clown's erection by the sounds of his slide whistle.
Marimbas are made from rosewood.
The xylophone's piercing high notes have bloodied ears around the world.
While clearly outside of his element at, say, a Western-style karaoke bar, he could easily whip out a Brazilian folk song in seven-eight meter on his berimbau.
Bongos are smaller than congas.
A trombonist by trade, Harry sometimes doubles on the euphonium.
Not all of the jazz band kids could afford Harmon mutes.
Her clarinet squeaked, and the entire audience laughed.
All the vibraslap does is remind everyone of the band Cake, which may be undesirable in some situations.
He assigned the kazoo parts to a large four-part men's choir.
I bet you'd never heard of a Stroh violin before Tom Waits dug it back up! Anyway, it used a large metal horn as its resonator instead of a wooden box so it could be picked up better by recording equipment before the late 1920s.
I play the tenor saxophone.
Trombones: it may be fun to go wild, but try not to blat the notes.
Kenny Gorelick murdered the soprano saxophone.
Among the wind instruments, the aboriginal didgeridoo made of eucalyptus was his favorite.
The mellow sounds of the Rhodes piano are partly responsible for thousands of accidental conceptions.
To the chagrin of many Western composers, steel drums, or steelpans, tend not to be fully chromatic.
Harry Partch invented scads of musical instruments, many tuned to his 43-tone scale.
In an unusual move, this school's big band uses slide trumpets and valve trombones exclusively.
Famous vibraphonist Stefon Harris has recorded at least one balafon solo.
During the 20th century, Manchukuo was a puppet state.
Saxophonists often double on flutes, which have similar fingerings to their primary instruments.
During the Great Game, Afghanistan was a buffer state.
Some clarinetists use clarinets tuned to A instead of B flat in passages which would otherwise be written in unusual keys.
The tamborim lends a very slightly uneven and highly distinctive 16th note groove to samba music.
Give up, give up your vain pursuit!
During the 15th century, the Ryukyu Kingdom was a tributary state of Imperial China.
I feel so bad for the baritone saxes, who often have 200 measures of nothing but whole notes.
What police thought was a distressed cat turned out to be a man practicing the cuica, a drum which produces noise by rubbing a stick attached to the drumhead from the inside.
A guy I met in my physics class made a didgeridoo out of PVC pipe.
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to tune the instrument to any diatonic scale.
After playing a theremin, all other instruments make you feel like you're in a straitjacket.
She really had to stretch her imagination to squeeze enough material for a solo album out of a contrabassoon, but by God, she did.
The lowest-tuned pipe on the organ set off barometers all over the state.
Think about death.
Brushes give drums a subtler sound than regular drumsticks do.
Keep in mind that you must die.
Yes, he shaved all the frets off of his bass guitar, but it doesn't make him Jaco Pastorius.
She was a tiny girl, but she really held her own on the baritone sax. Nonetheless, I couldn't help but imagine the thing wrapping itself around her and devouring her like a boa constrictor.
In the late 20th century, Yugoslavia was considered a rogue state by the United States.
I hope you practiced your flute solo!
He seduced her with his didgeridoo.
Some analysts consider Somalia as the failed state par excellence.
Puerto Rico is not a sovereign state.
The bassoon is a stumbling block in the english translation.
I'm surrounded by linguaphiles!
My grandson is still a baby.
Unhappiness comes without being called.
France is running a welfare state it can no longer afford.
Every time I went to his place, he was studying.
Since I had met him once before, I recognized him right away.
The key to a situation often is in the neighbor's door.
I warned him, but he ignored the warning.
Because his salary is low, he can't buy that house.
Please alight at the next stop.
Guatemala was once qualified as a banana republic.
The offer is too good to be turned down.
I screwed up the very first note.
No day without a line.
Friday is housewarming party!
It's in the internet, so it must be true.
Make sure you'll come.
This sweet-scented roses I give to you.
Patience is a virtue.
If you put your mind in your sword, your mind will be taken by your sword.
Between Heaven above and Hell below is a place called Earth.
Uillean Pipes - translated they'd be called elbow pipes - are irish bagpipes that are blown up using bellows, in order to be able to drink while playing.
It's a pity that hang, ocarina and pipa are so unpopular around here.
If you and Marco are well, Paulo and I are well.
Before I start doing small talk, I'd rather not talk at all.
It will make you think about the things you think about in your thoughts.
Wow, your neighbour is an anatomic bomb!
Let's hope she comes.
I'll be there at half seven.
Play us a tune.
Can you play the dutar?
Do you go running daily?
How do I gain weight?
The girl playing the piano is named Akiko.
Take control of the command post.
You can ask the child that is playing over there.
I come from Colombia.
He is good at football.
Come on, let us talk about flowers.
He can't distinguish between left and right.
He hadn't eaten in two days.
What happened then?
The telephone was invented in 1876 by Bell.
I must help her.
Oh! Seriously?
Swimming in the sea doesn't mean owning the sea.
He bought himself a dog.
I wish all those an unhurried night who want a revision of the existing copyright laws, but actually all the others too.
"Once is like never," implied the young lady. Yet the gynecologist implied: "twins."
This tea tastes good.
The fox and the bear lived together.
They stepped a few paces forward.
You don't understand anything about it.
I see a book.
I didn't know the woman at all.
This CD belongs to him.
There's too much to do!
I want to point out that I am open to ideas for improvement, but first will sleep it off.
How did you find this sweater?
I didn't participate in the conversation.
Even in rain and snow I enjoy mountain-climbing.
Cold and dry, splendid sunshine, what beautiful winter weather!
Are you coming along with us?
I don't know what has become of the hatchling.
The apple does not fall far from the trunk.
Enjoy the moment!
Are you a tubist?
Do you know if my father is still in the office?
The novel "All Quiet on the Western Front" by Erich Maria Remarque has been translated into more than fifty languages.
The sale prices are written in red ink.
I don't believe the rumours. Do you believe them?
My computer has been infected with BraveSentry.
Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind.
The others can't be bothered.
They will not pass!
They warned the ship about the danger.
I can't calculate the final cost without first discussing it with our contractors.
He is at home.
Her house is on the other side of the bridge.
One must not violate the constitution.
I postponed the event.
Where are you going on holiday?
This painting by Rembrandt is a masterpiece.
Actions should have consequences.
Where did you buy your book bag?
Where did you buy your schoolbag?
Where did you buy your satchel?
I was interested in him because his paintings really impressed me.
The global economy is spiraling downwards.
Kori walked downwards as much as she could and ended up five stories below ground level.
Hooray! We have another dreamy, starry-eyed idealist to disenfranchise and oppress!
Debussy's Prelude to the Afternoon of a Fawn and the poem which it is based on share a dreamy, ethereal, but nonetheless passionate feel.
Move the clothes from the washer to the dryer before they start to mildew.
Derrick dropped his drawing in the tub and is now trying to salvage it with a hair dryer.
I prefer to leave my Spanish sentences in the loving arms of a Hispanophone.
Earth and Mars need each other's women.
The barfly dryly brushes off suitors.
This couple approaches humor so dryly that enormous chains of jokes will blossom without an iota of laughter.
And if the vacuum explodes, it is called a black hole.
EU finance ministers agreed on a permanent support system for distressed eurozone countries on Monday.
It seems that the credit for my prepaid mobile phone account has run out.
Do you have a private medical insurance policy?
He fell out of the frying pan into the fire.
The ultimate life spoiler: in the end you'll die!
I strongly believe in respawn after death.
I would like to speak to the head nurse.
Eight hobbits form one hobbyte.
In tennis, you'd call this an unforced error.
I'm a real loser in English.
Bring it on!
Let's take a break and drink some tea.
We went to Barcelona.
No one trusts him more.
Is he satisfied with his daily life?
Is she satisfied with her daily life?
There is a strike.
Whose teacher is coming from the United Kingdom?
I have to tell her the truth tomorrow.
Wait for me in front of my great-grandson's house.
My daughter is going to buy new furniture.
The party was really boring.
His story can't be true.
You'll only be able to buy it there.
Coffee gives you energy!
The bird is singing. Can you hear it?
He likes strange animals, such as snakes.
Will I have to give a lecture?
No one listened to me.
Many of our pioneers are still alive... but, alas, many of them aren't alive any more.
What exactly happened there?
He's running very quickly.
Express yourself as clearly as possible.
You should add those sentences to Tatoeba.
Jane and I play the piano well.
We lived there a long time, by the river.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful colour.
Do I have to open the window?
I want to give you a bicycle for your birthday.
We have a huge amount of food.
You're looking at that tree.
The tree stands motionless, clothed in twilight, thickly bedecked with dewdrops.
Hmm, and I thought I was being kind by letting you live.
The godmother baked a delicious cake.
He isn't richer than me.
I arrived just now.
I don't trust him any more.
I would really like to know why he did something like that.
There are people drowning in debt.
The dog chased the rabbit.
I find that it's typical for him to come too late.
He is a member of the parochial board.
I waited for five hours.
A hungry pig dreams of acorns.
You don't like love stories, do you?
The dancer's every move was perfect.
She was an intelligent woman with an erotic aura.
Did you hear the click?
How can you translate a sentence which doesn't exist?
A guy entered a bar, but he got hit by a bar with a chocolate bar on it.
Can I enter a sentence in French?
This evening we'll go home.
I never lie.
Love is a lie.
Love is a trick.
Love doesn't exist.
We accept checks.
We cannot distinguish her and her younger sister.
Toronto used to be called Fort York.
These shoes are too tight to wear.
He sees any easiness as a threat to his masculinity, so he always starts games on hard mode and ends up stuck on the first level for days.
Throughout the aftermath of the explosion, Jason's easiness unsettled the survivors.
It's a mistake.
How could he possibly have effected that kind of change in that amount of time?
I dreamt that Congress effected sensible tax reform to improve the lot of the working class. I then woke up in a gutter with nothing but ragged clothes and a stolen guitar to my name.
The state court effected unconstitutional legislation without the federal government noticing.
He and his grandmother played a few games of Crazy Eights until his mother picked him up.
Three kings and two eights earned him a full house.
Miguel, the pickup artist, rates women's looks on a scale from one to ten, claiming that he only hits on eights and up.
I haven't read the paper lately, so I don't know who we're electing this year.
Electing to upgrade the computer lab, the university library went slightly over the budget.
Electing this mayor proved to be a drastic mistake.
Some things get more hideous, when you clean them.
I have been trying for a long time and today I finally succeeded: I divided by zero.
Now more than ever!
Now less than ever!
In countries with electoral colleges, citizens vote for representatives to pick heads of state for them, adding an extra layer to what would otherwise be a direct election.
The villagers were afraid of the famished bears.
I really like hard-boiled eggs.
Checks are accepted.
Everybody fears time.
Ruins are inside us.
Ruin is inside us.
The lamp is grey.
The table is green.
The elephant is grey.
Rome is an Italian town.
Moscow is a Russian town.
Berlin is a German town.
I play with Rubik's cube, not with Ruby's ass!
Do you want a dinosaur to eat?
I prefer to eat a muffin rather than a dinosaur.
Love makes you blind.
My grandfather was a farmer.
What time are you having lunch?
You tell him the truth.
The shit smells bad.
He fired blanks.
He fired at point blank range.
Have you asked the others?
The other one doesn't work.
You had better not drink alcohol any more.
A man's will is nothing when compared to that of the heavens.
The computer broke.
This bit isn't good, rewrite it.
This sanza is really good!
Love? What's that? I'm an orphan. I've never known love.
Libya's foreign minister has defected.
Water is wet.
Water is liquid.
Water is heavy.
Water is transparent.
Water is a fluid.
Food is good.
Food is always good.
April fools!
I work in a pharmacy.
We are late.
John played guitar and his friend sang.
Information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, wisdom is not truth, truth is not beauty, beauty is not love, love is not music, music is the best.
You were wrong in not listening to him.
He doesn't find anything better to do.
She doesn't find anything better to do.
You're old enough to understand.
I got the flu.
He was a friend of mine.
Who's speaking?
It's not the same thing.
I can cook very well.
I have to go, it's late!
I must go, it's late!
The factory is closed for refurbishment and will re-open on 1st September 2007.
I'm putting this sentence on Tatoeba and nobody can stop me!
The cat couldn't care less about the mouse's opinion.
Darwin developed the evolutionary theory.
Do we need a world language?
Christopher Columbus started wearing his famous hat back when he was still a schoolboy, and was often punished by his teachers for refusing to take it off in class.
I was born this way!
Blow by blow, her punches got more intense.
I sat an exam yesterday.
My heart knows the truth.
If you need my homework, I'll stop by your house and give it to you when I'm done.
My favourite song by Lady Gaga is Paparazzi.
How long will you stay?
May I speak with Judy?
Although I have studied English at school for the past six years, I'm still not good at speaking it.
She and I were in the same class in middle school.
Let our secretary take care of these kinds of formalities.
Whom did you buy?
TEPCO is looking for "jumpers", workers who will jump into highly radioactive sections of the plant to quickly perform tasks before running out as fast as possible.
The cleanup at the Fukushima Daiichi plant could take years, possibly decades.
Nobody saw the bird fly.
Let's sit down on this bench.
Have you ever had a stillbirth?
In my defence, it's still yesterday here in Iceland.
She came to my defence when I was accused of plagiarism.
If time were reversed, raindrops would collect themselves from the ground and fly up to the clouds.
He's a little on edge today. I wouldn't rattle his cage if I were you.
The painting looks great, but you hung it a little crooked.
Say nothing to no one about anything.
Did she ever confide in you about the problems she was having?
If the medicine isn't working, maybe we should up the dosage.
Where did you get the money to buy that dress?
There are many scenic places in Xinjiang.
All of Steve's jobs were boring or not well-paid or both.
Let's take a picture for memory's sake.
He died three years ago.
I forget what it's about.
I'm not waiting for anyone.
No, thanks. I'm just browsing.
Children that live in homes with vinyl floors are more likely to have autism.
That CD costs 10 dollars.
She confused a cup of tea with a bottle of vodka.
You're blocking my light.
I've known him for a long time.
Lucy was bantered by her grandparents.
I've gained weight.
Italian television is useless.
My kitchen help has the intelligence of a spatula.
Translation is the language of Europe.
She gave us a presence.
He stepped into my space.
To err is human. To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
Twenty-five years after Chernobyl, milk, mushrooms and berries are still contaminated in some parts of Ukraine.
Seek truth from facts.
These articles are exempt from "Droits de douane".
These articles are "hors taxes".
TEPCO is unable to stop the flow of dirty water contaminated with highly radioactive material.
During the 2011 Tohoku earthquake, the height of the tsunami waves reached up to 37.9 meters.
During the Great Eastern Japan Earthquake, the height of the tsunami waves reached up to 37.9 meters.
When I am speaking, please keep quiet and listen to me.
The sentence is senseless, but correct.
Kill it with fire!
The black one is mine.
I wonder whether I can add a sentence simply by pressing the Enter key.
Wooden spoons start to mildew if they're left in the sink too long.
Barn's heating is in bad shape, comes the milk in cubic shape.
Salad forks are smaller than dinner forks and are placed further from the plate.
How does a Thermos know how to keep hot things hot and cold things cold?
My new can opener is sturdier than the old one, so hopefully it won't take 2 minutes to get at my beans anymore.
Simmer the butter and garlic in a small saucepan.
Years of cooking for her family have made her molcajete very well-seasoned.
Beat the eggs with a whisk.
I like to eyeball my ingredients, mostly because I don't feel like washing my measuring cups over and over.
Avoiding one-use kitchen utensils, Elton forgoes apple corers, preferring the more versatile paring knife.
You can avoid foodborne illness by having separate cutting boards for meat and vegetables.
No, you may not put the colander on your head; you can be an astronaut after I drain the pasta.
It's hard to distinguish an aebleskiver pan from a takoyaki pan.
Today's lingua francas aren't very Frankish at all.
Cheesecloth is probably cheaper at hardware stores than culinary specialty stores.
Food processors tend to be shorter and wider than blenders.
Blenders are nice for people who really like smoothies.
Shizuko composed a poem about the change of the seasons.
I met him on his way home.
I met him while I was coming home.
I met him while he was coming home.
The manager reprimanded the man by pounding on the table.
The manager reprimanded the man who was pounding on the table.
Travelling by bus or bike, you could pollute less.
Erasmus students often stick with other students from the same country.
When you are walking down the road, it is possible to meet lots of people.
When you are walking down the road, you can meet lots of people.
English is a common language for many Asians.
Many Asians have English as a common language.
Jesus loves you.
We took a wrong turn.
I was an honest man until 1985.
The common language of many anime is subtitles.
The jerk factory called. They want their product back.
Believe me, that excuse ain't gonna fly.
The final value theorem does not apply if the system is not stable.
Losing his balance from a sudden gust of wind, the tightrope walker fell to his death.
He is absorbed in his research.
Tulips will be in flower soon.
It was a strange night.
They made a strange discovery.
A carrot is a healthy snack.
He is a locked nature.
Small cause, great effect.
"Left-Wing" communism is an infantile disorder.
They should have wellies.
Most foreigners will never fully master the use of German modal particles.
He can't take a joke.
You can wait until the cows come home!
They have exactly the same face.
Don't you have anything smaller than that?
In today's world, possessions are plentiful, but time is scarce.
Are you a locavore?
Let's take turns at running.
People, like peacocks, will never tire of displaying to friends and potential mates just how wonderful they are.
Researchers found that subjects could collect double the amount of money for charity when they were wearing clothes with designer logos.
Let's write in turns.
Sir Peter Blake was tragically killed by pirates on the Amazon river in 2001 as he was on a mission to monitor environment change.
Ruppy is a bioluminescent dog that glows red.
Possums feed on eucalyptus trees.
Happy morning.
There is no future without the past.
For one second I thought I would die.
I've been in China for less than a month.
Let's go out and eat dinner together from time to time.
I work for you.
"Smart mob" is sometimes perceived as a political danger - mostly in the countries lacking in traditions of democracy.
Grease the waffle maker.
A policeman asked the girls if the car was theirs.
I'm bursting for a wee and I can't find a washroom.
Blondes earn 7% more than women with any other hair color.
One out of 455 women doesn't realize she's pregnant until the twentieth week of pregnancy.
Women eat lighter meals when they're eating with a guy.
Women like men who make them feel special.
Come to visit me.
One wonders why.
Leipzig is an ancient city.
I'll stay until tomorrow.
I will stay until tomorrow.
Having 25 letters, "anticonstitutionnellement" is the longest word in the French language.
I bought a poster at the Arab World Institute in Paris and I had it framed.
In all of the gardens in my city it is illegal to trample the flower beds.
She is pleased at her success.
I need many books.
Does one of you want to come here and redo what I just did?
He gives some meat to the dog.
Give some meat to the dog.
It would be very interesting if, the soonest possible, there would be the possibility to do advanced searches on the Tatoeba database.
She's the closest thing to family he has.
You have to risk big in order to win big.
I knew I had to tell him the truth, but I couldn't bring myself to do it.
You sound like a broken record.
When my dad left the room, my little sister gave me the finger!
Someone ratted me out.
Rich parents for everyone!
Chimpanzees normally have their first child at age 13, humans at age 19.
Even if we wear an Armani suite or drive a Jaguar, in the end we're the same as ants. We move and move pointlessly and then we die.
According to the author Joe Marconi, books that are labeled "Harvard Classics" can demand twice the price.
We must respect other people's privacy.
I can't undo it.
Mark is so honest that everybody commends him for it.
Mark is so honest that everyone praises him for it.
Her idea is better than yours.
This is the lady who wants to see you.
It's safe to say so.
Show me your true face.
Show must go on!
He's like a zebra among the horses.
I knew you would.
The man formerly known as the "priest" blessed a group of people that was formerly known as the "congregation", but could no longer be called so due to demanding technical criteria.
It's an esoteric debate.
He has no legitimacy.
I know you will.
There's no point arguing about what's true and what's false.
A comment expects a comment.
I caught sight of a huge egg that had fallen into the middle of the road.
I need a lot of books.
I really like French cooking.
"What time is it now?" "It's 10 o'clock."
How much did the glasses cost?
Why are you guys so angry?
Why are you so mad?
I waited for her forever.
I waited for her for a really long time.
You should have warned him sooner.
Aeschylus is not beholden to the rules of North and Hillard.
There was a rap at the door.
A strange figure suddenly came through the door.
I'd just come in the door when the phone rang.
Anne got out the door as quickly as she could when she saw him there.
Did you know that this is a sentence?
Did you know that this is a question?
Terrorism is the most important factor for the division of a country and the creation of autonomous regions.
Gotcha!
Liu Xiaobo is Chinese.
Speech exposes what the brain is worth.
He's already too far away to hear us.
I would so love to see you.
His observations are sharp, but he doesn't say much.
There are two kinds of fox spirits: good fox and bad fox.
Jim entered the room quietly so he wouldn't wake the baby.
The more I think about it, the less I like it.
There's no problem with working hard, but it's also very important to know what you're working for.
I'm an anthropology research student, and my topic is 'Chinese medicine in the Britain'.
If you would agree to answer some of the questions below, I would be extremely grateful.
When using this information, I will of course follow your requirements.
Anonymity or detailed reference are both fine.
I don't know the theater play, but I know the author well.
Please reply in Chinese or English.
How long have you been practising Chinese medicine in the UK?
What are your reasons for practising Chinese medicine in the UK?
Does your family background involve Chinese medicine?
Which aspects of Chinese medicine do you specialise in?
Please provide contact details.
Please specify any conditions you have for the use of this information.
His accent makes it hard for me to believe what he's saying.
What's your full name?
When you want to fool the world, tell the truth.
Just as it is better to illuminate than merely to shine, so to pass on what one has contemplated is better than merely to contemplate.
This medication works instantly.
Say no to drugs.
Just say no.
Winners don't use drugs.
April is the national minority health month.
Excessive gambling causes the same brain changes as a drug addiction.
A device implanted in the spinal cord, dubbed the Orgasmotron, allows female patients to experience orgasm with the flick of a remote control.
I hate you.
I'd gladly pay more for something if it's of high quality.
I am Hungarian.
Would you please have a look at these papers?
He loves to make a mountain out of a molehill.
It started to rain.
It began to rain.
Other peoples' expectations affect how we behave.
Why did you cry?
I regret that I couldn't go with her.
I'm disappointed that I wasn't able to go with her.
"Literary composition is a great achievement that concerns the ruling of a state, a splendid affair of eternal standing".
The reason the Northern and Southern Dynasties had failed in their rule was that they allowed literary splendor to surpass real substance.
When using this information, I will follow any conditions you specify, whether that's anonymity or giving detailed reference.
It is not enough to do good; one must also do it well.
I have a spare today.
A beard does not make a philosopher.
I hate ticks!
One of the great mysteries of life is how a cat decides what to do next.
I don't like teachers who like students who don't like asking questions.
With you it's summer all year round.
I called a "break and fix" firm.
The mind should be a good servant, but the heart should be the master.
The tsunami alert was cancelled.
Instead of preparing a dinner by candlelight, she put her boyfriend up for auction on eBay.
Radioactive contamination was detected in spinach and edible chrysanthemum.
The minimum wage in Okinawa is 642 yen per hour.
I did not lose my mind, I sold it on eBay.
She got to the point of not thinking she would want to live in this town again.
She doesn't want to live there ever again.
Their year-long stay in Germany was very fruitful.
We tend to watch television, whatever show is broadcasted.
"How far is it to Berlin?" "About 50 km as the crow flies."
Something wrong?
Even the experts thought this painting was a genuine Rembrandt.
You're speaking like Eco.
You sound like Eco.
I can't stop browsing Tatoeba.
I didn't prepare a presentation. So I just blagged it.
The explosion was so powerful that the roof was blown away.
When she falls in love, she looks depressed.
I'd rather have a room of my own, no matter how small it is.
As soon as I hung up, the phone started ringing again.
It was such a powerful explosion that the roof was blown off.
Which is more enjoyable: listening to music alone or with other people?
One can see if they have eyes; one can hear if they have ears.
One cannot get through if there is no door; there is no light if there is no window.
Oh well.
That's not for you to decide.
Keep me in the loop.
Ever since he broke up with her she's been talking trash about him to all her friends.
Presidential sex scandals always make good copy.
Do you think you could describe the man you saw to a sketch artist?
Can you show me how to tie a tie?
The girl was struck with grief.
Shall we dance?
She's made shrimp dumplings and added shiitakes with Sichuan pepper.
She came to think that she'd never want to live in that town ever again.
Her desires were fully fullfilled.
Chinese people have a big red flag and a little red book.
Bulgaria is the only country in Europe where a former monarch has been elected prime minister.
It is a six hours' drive from Sofia to Varna.
Paper napkins are sold in packs of ten.
The father had met the sergeant last year.
Sharing is caring.
If a transnational corporation had invented Esperanto, it would be English.
Latest census data shows that the total population of the country is slightly above 7 million people.
For the ten years since the last census the population has shrunk by 7.15%.
"I'm undercooked," said the food.
Graters are good for cheese, potatoes, ginger, and other things you might need little shreds of.
You might not need a grater if you have good knife skills.
Hand mixers provide a nice way to add air to batter.
Remove the beaters from the mixer before you lick them.
Alton Brown doesn't like garlic presses. He says they only really have one function, which can be done with a knife.
Use kitchen scissors to remove the skin from the chicken.
Ladle the soup into everyone's bowl.
What do you mean you dropped the ladle in the pot? How are we going to serve the homeless now?
In a pinch, a vegetable peeler can act as a zester.
When practicing at home, the aspiring bartender had to use a potato peeler to zest lemons.
This Turkish delight was made in China and assembled in Mexico.
Many European kitchens have scales because dry ingredients are measured by weight there, unlike in America, where they are measured by volume.
Grandma sprinkled flour on the rolling pin so the dough wouldn't stick to it.
Cornbread goes well in cupcake pans.
Don't ask where that turkey baster's been.
You'll burn your hands if you don't use a potholder or oven mitts!
The potato ricer, similar to the garlic press, is essential to making lefse.
Helen's forum experienced an irreconcilable schism over whether to use one or two oven mitts.
Slotted spoons have a particular role in the traditional absinthe ritual. They are used to hold a sugar cube over a glass as one dissolves it into her drink with cold water.
Get off your butt and do something!
Get off your ass and go for it!
Tux is the mascot for Linux.
Apocryphal stories are the most fun variety of bullshit.
Please, remember those words for the rest of your life.
He cuts down trees in the mountains.
If I had known your telephone number, I would have called you.
Radioactive cesium in amounts exceeding limits has been measured on young lancefish caught in Fukushima prefecture.
He soon got to know the other Erasmus students.
You should have bought a Teflon-coated pan.
If you had come a little earlier, you could have met her.
If you'd run all the way, you'd have arrived there in time.
If you'd run all the way, you would've gotten there in time.
I love Paul as if he were my father.
Most people will refuse to admit they've made a mistake.
She treated her broken leg.
The communist forces quickly defeated the Marines.
I don't know whether I've got the chutzpah to try it.
The fish are safe to eat.
I wish you wouldn't smoke so much.
We need to rack our brains some more.
You've overdone it.
If you see the cat in this picture, please call us.
If you see the cat in this photo, please call.
It's not easy to control the languages that you can speak!
Craps is a piece of cake if you only roll elevens.
Two times two equaled four before the Arithmetic Revolution.
"God! Who elects these people?" "God, who elects these people."
Cut the cake with that knife.
I'm afraid of having the wrong number.
Tux is an Antarctic bird.
I'm not an American.
Hippogriff hooves make the finest gelatin.
Manny wants to be a unicorn so girls will ride him.
Tomorrow is payday.
Yes, Sir!
Stop banging on the door!
I have sinned.
Whose is that notebook?
What is this notebook for?
Walk calmly to the door.
It's safe to eat the fish.
When I opened the door, I saw that she was sleeping.
My gerbil has gone missing.
You should hand in your homework by Friday, at the latest.
People respect high self-esteem.
He has a chance of equaling the old record.
The ring sports three diamonds, each equaling one tenth of a carat.
He was born with an incompletely formed heart valve.
Somehow, a nearly bankrupt third-party publisher flashed the new Castlevania game onto the memory incompletely. As a result, an entire generation of kids in Macon, Georgia unanimously condemned it as "Simon Does Nothing but Fall into a Bottomless Pit."
The world's first Ferris wheel was built in Chicago. It was named after its contructor, George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
The results of the study are indeterminate.
Don't be a dick.
Many a student has failed the test.
Their child is of indeterminate sex.
If I had had a little more money, I would have bought it.
If I had had enough money, I would have bought that computer.
I sold my books at a reasonable price.
If you don't study harder, you'll fail for sure.
If you don't study harder, you'll definitely fail.
Northeastern Chinese dishes are tasteless.
Which schools is Buddhist thought divided into?
Which Buddhist school of thought do they belong to?
Which schools stem from Buddhist thought?
A cornered fox is more dangerous than a jackal.
In our lives, we have three or four occasions of showing bravery, but every day, we have the occasion to show a lack of cowardice.
This robot was useful for accomplishing many tasks.
My robot's name is Maruchi.
Doors aren't as bad as you think.
St. Louis, Missouri is famous for the Gateway Arch and the Anheuser-Busch Brewery.
The crime rate is decreasing in Canada.
Now that we have nearly the same level, we can start learning some piano duets.
The natural sciences are nomothetic, whereas the humanities are idiographic.
The world's first Ferris wheel was built in Chicago and - at least in English - named after its constructor, George Washington Gale Ferris, Jr.
It is human nature to think wisely and to act in an absurd fashion.
Christianity has done a great deal for love by making it a sin.
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
Who can find a virtuous woman? for her price is far above rubies.
A wife of noble character who can find? She is worth far more than rubies.
If it were not for women being admitted into our order, my teachings would have lasted 1000 years, now they will not last 500.
One for all, and all for one, this is our motto.
When he saw that there was nothing more to see, he took his bike and rode home.
Oh yes, we love the computer voice!
I just ate sushi and drank beer.
She just ate sushi and drank beer.
He just ate sushi and drank beer.
We just ate sushi and drank beer.
I met him by chance at the airport yesterday.
I ran into him unexpectedly at the airport yesterday.
I unexpectedly ran into him at the airport yesterday.
Even if he's busy, he'll come.
Even though I studied English for 6 years in school, I'm not good at speaking it.
I don't speak English well even though I took it for six years at school.
Stay in Hell.
We clear the futons away in the morning.
We put the futons away in the morning.
Buy a hedgehog and you'll be happy.
I met my teacher by chance at a restaurant last night.
I met my teacher by chance at the restaurant last night.
I happened to run into my teacher at a restaurant last night.
I happened to run into my teacher at the restaurant last night.
Mark hits on everything that moves.
The world is full of smartasses.
Two men had their arms severed in Taiwan after a tug-of-war accident.
Jean-Luc gives Beverly the book by Shakespeare.
It's never too early to blow our own horns, just don't let it go to your head.
Yesterday morning I ate a waffle!
"No way!" "Yes, yes way."
Danger makes dumb.
Danger makes mute.
Propose to me conditions that are better than the ones I have now, and I'll work with you.
We're going to have to remove your wisdom teeth. Right now.
I'm there for you.
I'm here for you.
Tatoeba: Where nothing ruins a passionate night of sentence-making like a poorly placed comma or, even worse, a careless typo.
Wait, truce!
Wait, pax!
He's not a good person.
Lobster tomalley can be toxic and it's best not to eat it.
Boiling lobsters is illegal in the town of Reggio Emilia, Italy.
I want you to redirect the output of this command into that file.
You need to filter the output of this command in order to display only the lines with "foo" inside.
A catastrophe has been averted.
Ok. I knuckle down.
Are you game for a swim?
I'm game.
The Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency upped the level of the incident at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant from level 5 to level 7.
To hell with your problems.
From across the room she mouthed the words "I love you".
I had better ask her.
I had better ask them.
The food wasn't that great.
Why don't you come and see me sometimes?
The information is relevant.
The customer agrees.
The interviewer describes the interviewees.
He gives a background.
Only on one occasion the interviewee introduces a topic.
The aim of this report is to explain why there is the problem of obesity among primary school children and how this problem could be resolved.
Mr. Wang is Chinese.
Have you ever seen a film this good?
The man you just saw is a great musician.
He does well in physics.
I'm feeling blue today.
I'll wait till four o'clock.
Fever flushed his cheeks.
I had a long talk with her.
I'm extremely grateful to you.
She always dresses in black.
I own this sentence.
I don't own this sentence.
I'm holding a book by Susanna Tamaro.
The pilot raced for Ferrari from 1995 to 1999.
Does the average Italian really exist?
You won the lottery? No way!
We've been here for a couple of minutes.
I think she's been crying.
The car door doesn't close properly.
I don't like you.
I think there's a balance to be had.
He was one of the unsung heroes of the revolution.
She likes to go to dance with her friends.
I haven't seen him this morning. Maybe he's already left for the meeting.
When you told Nancy how fat she is, you really hit her where it hurts.
Come on, Joe. Don't be a stick in the mud. Go to the party with us! When you told Nancy how fat she is, you really hit her where it hurts.
My teacher doesn't like me. She's always giving me a hard time.
I'm afraid if Jeremy gets out of line just one more time, they will make him leave school.
My family welcomed my new boyfriend into their home with open arms.
Sarah, I believe you have what it takes to be a great volleyball player.
Since they couldn't agree, they decided just to leave the topic open for now.
Jerry is a very honest man. You can always take him at his word.
How do you always get such good marks in school? I never see you even crack a book.
If you want to get a visa to go to America, you have to go through a lot of channels first.
Since Janet died, her husband has really gone off the deep end.
I can't believe you got away with sneaking out of your house last night. Your father didn't hear you.
Roger, what you say makes sense and I agree with you.
Our team doesn't stand a chance against their team because they are much better than we are.
Our country would be better off if we had a new prime minister.
If you drive at night, you should watch out for drunk drivers.
The police will keep an eye on the man they think is the criminal.
Be careful when you shop, because some sales people will try to take advantage of you and offer you an expensive price.
I really feel sorry for that old man who lives alone and has no family.
Sharon found out that she was going to have a baby.
They're so tired because they've been working around the clock for 2 days.
Yesterday the students finished Chapter 1 so now they'll move on to Chapter 2.
The workers stopped short of constructing that building because they didn't have enough money to finish it.
Watch out! That car almost hit you.
Can I stay with you? I was kicked out of my house because I didn't pay the rent.
The doctor said that grandmother is still very sick, but she's out of the woods.
Don't feel sorry for yourself. We're all in the same boat.
Nancy will never go on a date with me. She's out of my league.
William is so organized. He's always on top of things.
We're really behind schedule. We need to get on the ball.
I will see you after lunch, but don't forget to let me know when you will be back.
With his bright red hair, Carl really stands out in a crowd of people.
Everyone is happy with the decision, so please don't rock the boat.
Did you hear that the position for manager is up for grabs?
Billy, get lost! I don't want to see you here again.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me directly why you're so angry.
Don't waste your breath with Fred. He'll never change his mind.
At the seminar, they threw us all together into groups and made us talk together.
It's difficult to tell those two twins apart because they look so much alike.
You must stand up for what you believe in or no one will respect you.
Please don't spill the beans to Elizabeth that I bought her a gold necklace for her birthday.
It serves you right that you failed your exam. You didn't study for it at all.
Sweetheart, we need to go to the supermarket. We ran out of milk.
I'm in a hurry for school and I can't talk with anybody right now.
I'm sorry I can't join you today. I have to run a lot of errands before this evening.
Yes, I was outside and it's raining cats and dogs.
Chris, you're completely wet!
Wow, Daniel has put on a lot of weight since the last time I saw him.
Please stop talking. I need to concentrate on my game.
We'll have to make room for your mother when she moves into our house with us.
It makes no difference what you say. I'm still going to buy that expensive car.
Melissa completely lost her head when the house caught on fire. She didn't know what to do.
How long have you been studying Japanese?
David thinks he's so important. He always looks down on the other people in his office.
I have already done all my tasks.
Please be quiet. They are studying for a very difficult exam.
You shouldn't have let the cat out of the bag about being pregnant so soon. I wanted to surprise everyone.
I can't remember what Timothy looks like, but I'm sure I'll know him by sight.
Would you two knock it off with the loud noise? I'm trying to sleep.
It's so hard to keep up with teenage clothing fashions these days because they change so often.
It's very important to keep your head if there's an emergency.
Let's go to the beach. I got time off from work for the next 6 days.
Jennifer is very disappointed about the concert being cancelled. She really had her heart set on going.
If you think your team can win against our team, you've got another thing coming!
It goes without saying that Tom is in love with Kathy.
That's OK, we can go Dutch tonight.
It's my pleasure to come to your university.
Please lead me to Ho Chi Minh Open University!
Please drive us to TECO (in HITC building Cau Giay Dist.)
His aunt's apple pie was delicious, so he had a second helping.
Inhabitants were not permitted to enter the area.
Schalke are playing Inter Milan tonight.
You should have the test done again. The result may have been a false positive.
He was a pitiable spectacle of neglect and wretchedness as he sat there on an upturned pail, eating his bread and cheese with fingers that, like his clothing, were grimed with paint and dirt.
The red king crab is a large crustacean.
I had naan with the tea for breakfast.
Most of the others also lit their pipes and a desultory conversation ensued.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
What say you, Mary? For you are a young lady of deep reflection, I know, and read great books and make extracts.
He had entertained hopes of being admitted to a sight of the young ladies, of whose beauty he had heard much; but he saw only the father. The ladies were somewhat more fortunate, for they had the advantage of ascertaining from an upper window that he wore a blue coat, and rode a black horse.
Mr. Bingley was good-looking and gentlemanlike; he had a pleasant countenance, and easy, unaffected manners.
Upon my honour, I never met with so many pleasant girls in my life as I have this evening; and there are several of them you see uncommonly pretty.
Oh! She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld!
He could not help seeing that you were about five times as pretty as every other woman in the room.
All the world are good and agreeable in your eyes.
I never heard you speak ill of a human being in your life.
Oh! you are a great deal too apt, you know, to like people in general.
And so you like this man's sisters, too, do you? Their manners are not equal to his.
They were of a respectable family in the north of England.
Mr. Bingley inherited property to the amount of nearly a hundred thousand pounds from his father.
Bingley had never met with more pleasant people or prettier girls in his life.
Sir William Lucas had been formerly in trade in Meryton, where he had made a tolerable fortune, and risen to the honour of knighthood by an address to the king during his mayoralty.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously.
A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves, vanity to what we would have others think of us.
Bingley likes your sister undoubtedly; but he may never do more than like her, if she does not help him on.
But if a woman is partial to a man, and does not endeavour to conceal it, he must find it out.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
There is nothing like dancing after all. I consider it as one of the first refinements of polished society.
Every savage can dance.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony, in a moment.
Don't you have two computers?
I ate a greater burdock tempura.
How much was your new computer?
I want to play on the computer.
If I had money, I'd buy a computer.
The computer is broken.
This boy slept for eight hours.
The first group studies in the morning, the second in the evening.
The street is slippery.
She always wears black.
I'll wait until four o'clock.
I'm in a bad mood today.
My fountain pen is new.
You're in my way.
You're really brave, aren't you?
She's fluent in English.
I ate a burdock root tempura.
From all that I can collect by your manner of talking, you must be two of the silliest girls in the country. I have suspected it some time, but I am now convinced.
No, my dear, you had better go on horseback.
He was an indolent man, who lived only to eat, drink, and play at cards.
Pray tell your sister that I long to see her.
The power of doing anything with quickness is always prized much by the possessor, and often without any attention to the imperfection of the performance.
Are you a member of your local library?
When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
Pray do not talk of that odious man.
The worst thing about the fall is the leaf peepers.
The worst thing about winter is the snow.
The worst thing about spring is the mud.
The worst thing about summer is the heat.
My least favorite season is mud season.
They should know it.
Meanwhile the PIRATE Party offers space on an internet server of theirs to all CDU groupings in Kassel that are affected by censorship by means of the party leaders.
I'm often compared to my brothers.
Wisdom is a treasure for tens of generations.
My parents love me.
Apparently the bus was late.
The older a town is, the more garbage it produces.
Are you ready for year 2012?
I'm rather better now.
I know your first name.
I know your Christian name.
I didn't forget your words.
The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his.
This is something she probably shouldn't have asked.
In China, there are 56 minorities.
I don't feel like translating this sentence.
Mr. Bennet's property consisted almost entirely in an estate of two thousand a year, which, unfortunately for his daughters, was entailed, in default of heirs male, on a distant relation.
He was a tall, heavy-looking young man of five-and-twenty. His air was grave and stately, and his manners were very formal.
Any problem that can be resolved with money isn't a problem, but the problem is that I'm poor.
The garden in which stands my humble abode is separated only by a lane from Rosings Park, her ladyship's residence.
She was only 18 when she graduated from university.
One of our players scored a goal just five minutes after the match started.
I have often observed how little young ladies are interested by books of a serious stamp, though written solely for their benefit. It amazes me, I confess; for, certainly, there can be nothing so advantageous to them as instruction.
Last night my daughter didn't come home until half past one.
He didn't get a driving licence until he was twenty-eight.
At the end of the day, it's just food.
The album was long-listed for a music award.
You're starting to piss me off.
You're starting to get on my tits.
The interpreter tries to give the most detail and information possible.
The truth?
The Polish language is involved.
Do you have a points card?
Do you have a rewards card?
He waited for him until 10.
This novel was written by a famous American writer.
He's from Georgia.
You should go to bed.
He put his hand gently on her shoulder.
Where I live, we have snow in January.
That cheese is made from goat's milk.
The snow has melted.
The band is on hiatus.
I've said everything.
Few students understand Latin.
It was a calm winter evening.
There are some cases where this rule does not apply.
I'm a nice guy.
Yes, it's time to go.
It's Ying Li.
You're going?
Michael Jackson has passed away.
Show me today's papers.
Can you mail this letter for me?
Why so much hate?
When your eyes encounter a beautiful woman, knock her out.
I think that Tatoeba is quite slow today.
The new waiter should be much more competent.
This is a funny sentence.
If you can read this sentence, then you're able to read.
The new server should have much better performance.
I want a chamomile tea.
I'm going back.
Let's get back to our sheep!
Please shake before opening.
I have a boyfriend who loves me.
I think that my German is really bad.
England proper is divided into 48 ceremonial counties.
You'd better leave now.
She came down for breakfast at eight.
This children's story is easy enough for a seven-year-old child to read.
She became a famous painter.
I tried to learn this song by heart.
Grandma likes watching TV.
They killed this goat as a sacrifice to God.
You differ from me in many ways.
I turned in my paper yesterday.
This director is not insensitive to criticism.
How wonderful were the good old days.
I haven't eaten anything in the past three days.
The doctor told me to go to bed.
Mr Kinoshita left his glasses behind in the office yesterday evening.
The individual does not exist for the good of the State.
I'll bring you up to date with the latest news from the village.
Cultures of the East and the West meet together in this country.
He went to Yokohama in his beloved car.
I was relieved that you could understand my broken English.
They sell everything here.
That Kabuki actor is very well known amongst young people.
This teacher is in charge of the third year class.
He lives at the top of this hill.
He's fast.
He's very nice with her.
Dean really eats quite a lot, don't you think?
Paris is at its best in autumn.
I've been living in Canada for five years.
Let's chase out corrupt politicians!
Public morals are not respected anymore in this town.
Napoleon's army advanced up to Moscow.
We cannot complete this work in a day.
This famous conductor lives in New York.
I can't eat raw eggs; they must be cooked.
This holiday isn't much fun - we should go home.
The goat Mei, that hurried inside a mountain hut on a stormy night.
I picked up some French here and there.
Please fill this water bottle.
She has traveled in foreign countries.
I think it's going to get steadily hotter from now.
It has started to rain.
The restaurant was far from the train station.
He explained the literal meaning of the sentence.
He likes to go out on horseback.
Appetite comes with eating.
I am probably due to speak tonight.
Our hunting dog took off after a big deer.
The news was censored for the time being.
"Okonatta" is the right word.
There's no need to advertise a good wine.
We're always somebody else's idiot.
I don't work that much!
Where's the North?
Can you please sign this document?
Give me all the details.
His dog appeared suddenly from behind the door.
He sent me a brief letter.
Being angry, he loudly rattled the locked door.
She will give birth in July.
He seems hungry.
There's nothing that cannot be done with money in this world.
Music unites.
The boy was searching for the key that he had lost.
Please make your bed.
Where there is music there is joy.
Do you know where these equations come from?
Please forgive me asking such a personal question.
This report is meant to explain my language learning experiences.
The same locution could have a different illocutionary force in different contexts.
They're either in the shed or in the den.
The utterance is potentially misleading.
Grandeur and gallantry never appeared with more lustre in France, than in the last years of Henry the Second's reign.
Never were finer women or more accomplished men seen in any Court, and Nature seemed to have taken pleasure in lavishing her greatest graces on the greatest persons.
To his valour he added a most exquisite genius and understanding, grandeur of mind, and a capacity equally turned for military or civil affairs.
It seems that Mr. Tanaka has taken his exam.
There appeared at this time a lady at Court, who drew the eyes of the whole world; and one may imagine she was a perfect beauty, to gain admiration in a place where there were so many fine women.
Why is everything going wrong?
He is from another world.
The girl closed her eyes and listened to the pastor.
He pulled up the weeds and threw them away.
You alone can do it, but you can't do it alone.
Japanese children are group members even when they are sleeping.
They have not learnt that they must obey their superiors and respect them.
It must come soon.
They always complain about their superiors.
Regardless of what he does, he does it well.
The Polish language is on trial!
Those people ruin their government, but they don't know how to build it again.
How do you know my name?
How can we learn the truth?
I bring candy for the children.
The painting is candy to the eyes.
It is not crime against God in Islam that a man has two or more wives.
She wanted to die because she couldn't satisfy her parents.
At which time do you have the next lesson?
It took her six years to get up the courage to tell him that she didn't like him anymore.
If you can't find it on Tatoeba, it's not a sentence.
Yeah, I got a new job but it's nothing to write home about.
She's a total skank.
He isn't who he says he is.
If you want her forgiveness you need to come clean about what you did.
Come back to bed, Honey.
He's a stand-up guy.
For several months after the robbery the thieves kept a low profile.
Some go to a bar to have a good time and others to drown their sorrows.
How can something so wrong feel so right?
I went stag to the prom.
He'll do anything to score some drugs.
"No way!" "Way."
"So you think it was John who stole my wallet?". "I don't know, but I wouldn't put it past him."
I don't know anybody by that name.
Why do people add simple and common sentences such as "hello", "how are you", etc.?
Where are the parking meters?
Where are the metres?
Where are the parking metres?
Children go from school to home.
China is the biggest country in Asia.
Let's not jump the gun.
She waved him goodbye.
It was his undoing.
It's not a question of tax allowance but of moral exhaustion.
Lo and behold!
We're having a barbie.
We're having a barbecue.
Easter bunnies are an oviparous species in the mammal family of Leporidae.
The Princess of Cleves being at those years, wherein people think a woman is incapable of inciting love after the age of twenty-five, beheld with the utmost astonishment the King's passion for the Duchess, who was a grandmother, and had lately married her granddaughter.
Why, I wouldn't know what this contraption is supposed to do.
Get your arse into gear!
I have at least one house.
Qo'noS is the home planet of the Klingons.
This is well good.
No matter what he does, he does it well.
Her favourite band is Warpaint.
Oh no! I just spent so much money!
If you became a designer, you could make better use of your talents.
The escaped prisoner hasn't been caught yet.
Mary always has to give her opinion.
You should take my advice.
The 5% topical solution was ineffective at reducing eczema outbreaks.
A plethora of ineffective education programs made the president unpopular amongst fiscal conservatives.
The school used its computer lab funds ineffectively.
I ineffectively tried to win her heart back.
Luckily, the treatment was only ineffective instead of harmful.
Five self-help books later, Sergey still had a terribly ineffective approach to management.
The program's memory management was so inefficient that it actually damaged the RAM somehow!
Trying to beat some kid's high score is an inefficient use of your time.
A literal boatload of new computers were recalled for inefficient power use.
This design is too inefficient to prototype.
I'm reconsidering my engagement.
Whenever someone brings up politics, he always ends up reconsidering his positions on everything.
The government has been reconsidering its firearms exportation.
Drew constantly checks government listings of unclaimed property.
Thousands of dollars in scholarships go unclaimed each year.
An unclaimed child and his dog sit by the railroad tracks.
Do you see all those skeletons strewn around? Don't you think this fortune is unclaimed for a reason?
He's not an idiot.
They have no impact on the environment.
Leave your message after hearing the beep.
He racked his brains, trying to find a solution.
Don't do the duck-face in your mirror self-shots!
It's time for me to go.
I need a table that's a bit farther away from the policemen.
Maria has blue eyes.
I watched television after having my meal.
You'd better ask Dr. Tanaka.
I want to eat a Dapanji!
I would like to pay with a credit card.
They lack an ideal, a reason to get up in the morning.
Why do people commit suicide?
When she was abroad, she often used Skype.
Because she was out of the country, she used Skype frequently.
She used Skype frequently because she was overseas.
Because she was overseas, she often phoned via Skype.
You never get my jokes.
The Roman legions withdrew in 410 A.D..
The pidgin has no native speakers.
A few Roman words crept into British usage.
Celtic is still present in Irish, Welsh and Scottish Gaelic.
The 100 most common words in English are Anglo-Saxon words.
The sea is rough.
Ever been to Muskogee?
The neighborhood has been gentrified. Now it's teeming with pretend hipsters slurping skinny lattes at Starbucks. They gather round coffee and free Wi-Fi like bees round a honeypot.
All music is furniture. What the hell's so special about Erik Satie?
My roses are covered in aphids, to say nothing of the ants!
Liza was uncommonly good at remembering customers' orders, which, sadly, kept her out of any managerial positions.
Hector's uncommonly brash and outspoken today. He's usually deathly quiet.
My uncommonly well-made sneaker lasted 5 years. Its mate did not.
He began to twitch uncontrollably as I called 911.
What made the comedian's audience laugh so uncontrollably that night was a convenient nitrous oxide leak.
In 2011, Toyota recalled two million vehicles which, they alleged, had gas pedals that could jam and cause the car to accelerate uncontrollably.
My date shivered and sweated uncontrollably as she asked me for children way the hell too early.
Silence him before he uncovers anything newsworthy.
She uncovers the little plastic tortilla holder so gracefully. It's little things like that that are so cute about people.
He who uncovers the most dies the fastest.
Dozens of pop stars are crowned and uncrowned every few years.
With one glorious right hook, Punkin' Pie uncrowned the reigning heavyweight champion.
Uncut footage of the governor's affair has surfaced on the Internet.
The uncut version of the DVD only included one extra scene.
When he asked for a single slice, they gave him an entire uncut pizza, which he proceeded to eat by rolling it up like a burrito and just shoveling it in. The question, of course, is whether a whole entity is a slice of itself.
While at the fabric store, a small boy discovered large rolls of uncut fabric, which he unrolled and hid under, cackling like twelve squirrels.
Our football team has gone undefeated for years because it doesn't exist.
I found the supporting characters rather underdeveloped.
They were undressed when I came in.
People who resort to ad hominem arguments are all a bunch of backwoods jackasses.
May I have your undivided attention?
You have our party's undivided support.
Yes. No. Maybe. I don't know.
Those who know nothing of foreign languages know nothing of their own.
I bit my tongue until it bled.
When will your new novel come out?
This car's tires don't have enough air.
A quarterly growth of 1.2% means an annual growth rate of 4.8%.
Four legs good, two legs bad.
Yesterday I bought two steamed buns.
After you get to the traffic lights, turn right.
I ate three pieces of cake.
I only slept for three hours.
Keep the time, observe the hours of the universe, not of the cars.
All men are children, and of one family. The same tale sends them all to bed, and wakes them in the morning.
The weather is cold now.
All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
He can drive a car now.
No definition of poetry is adequate unless it be poetry itself.
We do not live for idle amusement.
I've only been online for ten minutes.
The title wise is, for the most part, falsely applied.
You must love the crust of the earth on which you dwell more than the sweet crust of any bread or cake; you must be able to extract nutriment out of a sand heap.
Can you make it?
I can't see!
I heartily accept the motto, "That government is best which governs least".
You can't buy apples any more!
Apples have sold-out!
The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation.
Man flows at once to God when the channel of purity is open.
If God did not intend for us to eat animals, then why did he make them out of meat?
This dog is a crossbreed.
All of the children had to go to bed before dark.
I've decided to answer all questions publicly.
Maybe it's great.
According to the radio, it will rain tomorrow.
We might meet again in the near future.
Tom's dying for that apple.
He sometimes says nice things.
The conference had a full house.
Do the children go to school?
This building is about to collapse.
This building is on the verge of collapsing.
No matter how drunk you were, Goethe was a poet!
Choose three words or phrases relating to your topic that other students might find interesting and useful and present them to the class.
Hand in a bibliography of your sources.
Choose a current affairs issue.
If you don't understand, ask.
Generally speaking, girls are better at learning languages than boys.
That is insane. Only a fool would believe that.
He was mayor.
Your lovely voice was very pleasant to my ears.
He asked for help.
The German course lasts one semester.
Woe to him!
The ship dropped anchor in the harbor.
Step on the scale.
Other than that, you should know that I allow myself a bit of irony from time to time.
He arrives unannounced.
My whole family is doing well.
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to her farewell party.
Max explained to Julia why he could not come to his farewell party.
My friends stood by me during the process.
He asked me if I like maths.
You are free tomorrow.
They began a discussion.
Do not make a scene in front of everyone.
The Milky Way is a vast belt of distant stars, each similar to our sun.
He works hard to achieve his goal.
He fled when he saw me.
I was fortunate to find a good job.
He speaks Russian.
Would you sleep with me?
I have studied Italian for a few months.
I am counting on your help.
He went to America to study American literature.
Mom made a cake for my birthday.
I am intrigued by what is happening.
I would like a glass of water.
The heat is overwhelming.
His unusual behavior aroused our suspicion.
I had to pay five more dollars.
He was too tired to study.
Have you ever been to Okinawa?
If everyone pitches in, we can do it.
We should take off our shoes before entering the house.
We must remove our shoes before entering the house.
This tree is three meters around.
Can you give me a cup of tea?
You are beaten. Give up.
His behavior disappointed many of his friends.
The house with the green roof is mine.
She gave me the evil eye.
Again.
Walking is a healthy form of exercise.
He fell ill from overeating.
He was sick from eating too much.
Many people are suffering from hunger around the world.
A boy ran up to me.
Stick it up your arse.
I have my own bedroom.
In the holidays, I spent days doing nothing.
I'm taller than him.
They've fooled you.
It's not safe to swim in that river.
Tell me what you're thinking.
Is this everything?
The shop on the corner sells fruit at a very good price.
Where's the zoo?
Can you make me a Spanish omelette for dinner please?
They saw Pedro talking to the art teacher.
I can't help you.
Like mother, like daughter.
She's a blue-eyed Chinese Muslim.
What we know of health we have learned from the study of disease.
My idol is idle.
The Hermitage Museum is located in Saint Petersburg.
Off with your head!
Off with your balls!
The hell with him!
He sang some old songs.
Cool story, bro.
Tie your shoes.
Tie your shoe.
Rise up, take up thy bed, and walk.
She seems OK now.
Israel's right to exist should not be up for discussion.
Tokyo is larger than Yokohama.
How many books have you read?
Damn, I was wrong.
What a big boy he is!
Although she has many weaknesses, I trust her.
Every nation seeks to perpetuate itself.
He hid behind the door.
I had a breakdown.
This is the best seafood restaurant in the neighborhood.
Esperanto speakers are in principle still at least bilingual.
He concentrated on that.
Were you busy last week?
Please stay calm, everyone.
Camille is frustrated with Alan's distracted attitude.
He finally decided to propose to her.
I had a quick breakfast.
This time, it looks like it is me who is wrong.
He took care of the business after his father's death.
Consider the path.
We lost against our rival on price.
You can certainly swim in the lake, but there is no sense in doing so.
This doctor is a man of culture.
These were victims of war, so to speak.
I am only warming up now.
You are mad.
The roof leaks.
Although he is young, he is very careful.
I would complain.
I would lodge a complaint.
I was beginning to lose my cool.
This year, the winter is mild, isn't it? It's very nice.
I read five different magazines each month.
Don't be afraid of public speaking.
He has the bad habit of chewing his pencil.
I'm exhausted! I just want to go home, take a bath, and go to bed.
Teachers must be tired of correcting the same mistakes over and over again in their students' papers.
What happened to you? You look miserable.
The interview began at 10 o'clock.
The students laughed under their breath when they saw that the teacher had put on his sweater backwards.
It was not easy to convince him.
He gave me his favorite book as a farewell gift and moved to Osaka.
Incredible!
I'm sorry, I don't let in people I don't know.
The sky turned dark.
You gave a bad example.
Raise up your left hand.
Real men drink tea.
I speak of my friend.
How far is Hakata from here?
Should I call you or will you call me?
You are pedantic.
It was yesterday that she went.
Paul was born in Rome.
Tomorrow I'm busy, and I can't come to your place.
They kept their love a secret.
Lojbanistan borders Esperantujo.
I went out with my friends.
It was with my friends that I went out.
I studied Chinese in Beijing.
It was in Beijing that I studied Chinese.
I study Chinese in Beijing.
Last Friday I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
It was last Friday that I ate dinner with my girlfriend in a restaurant.
It was with my girlfriend that I ate dinner in a restaurant last Friday.
It was in a restaurant that I ate dinner last Friday with my girlfriend.
Today I came to work by car.
I wrote this letter in French.
He found out this information online.
It was my grandfather that told me that story.
He was interested in me.
Did you go to London that day?
Who was it that he phoned?
Was it in May that I was born?
It wasn't in Paris that we met.
My wallet wasn't stolen by him.
I sell clothing online.
It was online that I sold the clothes.
Soldiers currently in theatre will not be made redundant.
Heligoland is located in the German Bight.
Fate has turned in my favour.
Yuriko is planning to move into the furniture business.
His disjointed term paper earned him a grade of 63%. Of course, he was not very logical himself.
He organized the university's butterfly collection so meticulously that it is now fully machine-searchable.
Why doesn't the list of languages include Maltese?
Macedonia and Bulgaria are not friends.
I like milk and bread.
Spicy pepper is my favorite.
My husband and I were spinners, but our spinning company drove us to ruin.
We're not in the jungle.
What shall I wear when going there?
I am going to sleep.
I am as good as Tom MacKartney.
I have done my homework.
I am doing my homework.
I was doing my homework.
Passportu is a very lucky human.
I usually drink a lot of milk.
Well, I am going to the cinema.
Do you like your hot dog?
If you owe your bank manager a thousand pounds, you are at his mercy. If you owe him a million pounds, he is at your mercy.
It's not surprising!
I forgot the name of your brother; what's his name?
How many students are there in total?
While I understand what you are saying, I cannot do accordingly.
I talked to him on the telephone yesterday night.
This medicine does not have side effects.
They are what you eat.
Don't give it to him.
Everyone's went there, no?
We're wildly looking for the evidence to our own existence.
We're wildly looking for evidence of our own existence.
He drives an old Yugo.
At last, he solved the problem.
Tango is the vertical expression of a horizontal desire.
I should very much appreciate a prompt reply.
It may be problematic to dissuade your parents from accompanying you to the event.
How many questions are there?
Is there a choice of questions?
How many words should you write?
Your face is pasted.
He's a ghostwriter.
He's a nigger.
You must capitalize on the opportunity.
He's a goal keeper.
Does someone know how to earn money in time of crisis?
She's picking her nose.
The wait at immigration is at least 30 minutes.
Why do I even bother?
A promise is not enough.
Who's looking after your dogs?
He is caught between the devil and the deep blue sea.
He's jumping out of the frying pan into the fire.
There are three kinds of people in the world: those who can count, and those who can't.
Today, my classmate saw you guys shopping at Auchan.
Hang your clothes out to dry!
A cat sleeps on a chair.
The cargo ship arrived four hours early.
This event suddenly happened on its own.
Promises should be kept.
I love you more than I love any other person.
To live at the end of the world.
You never told me a single thing about this.
The man who makes but one mistake a year because he makes but two decisions is wrong fifty per cent of the time.
It is said that Tokyo is a very safe city.
Who will win?
Am I qualified?
He was a bookkeeper.
The reason is clear.
This is no accident.
Do you enjoy talking?
Did he do such things?
He is always prepared.
Lawyers are all liars.
There is no third choice.
Flashy people irritate him.
Jimmie is to be a minister.
His father was a policeman.
He seldom counts his change.
Our best friend is a doctor.
Such a person is seldom dull.
The reason for this is plain.
He seldom orders anything new.
He does not belong in the city.
The reason for this is obvious.
Very few fat men have long noses.
Dorothy should study art in Paris.
He makes no half-hearted attempts.
To make money one must want money.
She is the type men call "stunning."
Concentration is a very simple thing.
The same is true of all human beings.
These two have very little in common.
Get a good start by observing carefully.
He is inclined to argue at great length.
Never do anything just to show you can.
Chess and checkers are favorites with them.
Neither of them cares for strenuous sports.
"What will you have to do?" asked her friend.
Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone.
We are prone to judge every one by ourselves.
He is always a step or two ahead of the times.
He seldom does anything he really hates to do.
They are not very different from anybody else.
He is unmarried and has no brothers or sisters.
They are no more alike than a cow and a canary.
After a while passion and infatuation ooze away.
He applies this principle to everything in life.
His helplessness appeals to her motherly sympathy.
These are the steps that lead straight to failure.
They prefer the shadows rather than the spotlight.
That type of person almost never asks for a raise.
They do not waste anything nor throw anything away.
Don't push your child into any vocation he dislikes.
He seldom reads an editorial and is not a book worm.
There's been a lawyer in the family for generations.
Don't interfere with him if you want him to like you.
Hundreds of unemployed men sleep there day and night.
No extremely fat man has ever attempted such a thing.
Such a man does not go hunting and seldom owns a gun.
The way you sit tells a great deal about your nature.
They like ragtime, jazz and music with a swing to it.
To be an acrobat is the ambition of almost every boy.
He dislikes unexpectedness and emergencies of any kind.
It is the price they pay for their years of over-eating.
The most beloved people in the world are the spontaneous.
Everything hits the mark with him and he lets you know it.
He knows other and easier ways of getting what he desires.
You owe it to those who are dependent upon you to do this.
You will exist but you will never know what it is to live.
He takes the attitude that resistance is a waste of energy.
His chances for making a great deal of money are excellent.
Never choose a new vocation just because you are restless.
Think of what you are reading while you are reading it.
A violent thought instantly brings violent bodily movements.
Each one of the world's great successes was a failure first.
History is replete with the stories of unappreciated genius.
It's not how much you know, but what you can do that counts.
The power of his physique is evident to all who look at him.
A fat man seldom dislikes anybody very hard or for very long.
A young man asked us if he could succeed as a public speaker.
He does not like to wait until the last moment to do a thing.
Most of us are much more interesting than the world suspects.
"I can't bear to be doing nothing!" you often hear people say.
The poor talker sometimes surprises us by being a good writer.
The size of a man's laundry bill is no criterion of his income.
A very unfortunate case came to our attention several years ago.
He enjoys his sleep and doesn't like to have it interfered with.
Science has discovered that there are five types of human beings.
Such a person invariably expends his physical energy more slowly.
An understanding of people is the greatest weapon you can possess.
He loves a banquet, provided he is not expected to make a speech.
"The good die young" is an old saying which may or may not be true.
He is apt to say atrocious things and to exaggerate his grievances.
He never believes in paying any more for a thing than is necessary.
It was the great lung-power of Caruso that made him a great singer.
Just as there are few fat "old maids," there are few fat bachelors.
Make a decision and make it with the confidence that you are right.
You can always tell what any individual wants most by what he does.
He prefers plain, simple people, for he is plain and simple himself.
It is difficult to get him to do anything on the spur of the moment.
Our ancestors developed massive jaws as a result of constant combat.
Morality is mostly a matter of how much temptation you can withstand.
Very fat people waddle when they walk, though few of them realize it.
He is too busy dreaming dreams to plan what he will do in his old age.
A car that you never took out of the garage would be of no value to you.
The only way to handle him is to let him think he is having his own way.
Life's experiences make vivid records on the sensitive plate of his mind.
Overtaxed heart, kidneys and liver are inevitable results of too much food.
When the desire for leisure is stronger than the other urges, leisure wins.
When your stomach is busy, digesting a big meal your brain takes a vacation.
He just naturally avoids everything that is intense, difficult or strenuous.
He soon grows tired of a thing regardless of how much he liked it to begin with.
If he is in middle circumstances his clothes will be chosen chiefly for comfort.
He keeps his griefs, sorrows, ambitions and most of his real opinions to himself.
A few years ago, in San Francisco, a young woman came to us for vocational advice.
The most essential thing in the world to any individual is to understand himself.
The heart itself is nothing more nor less than a large, tough, leather-like muscle.
"People who can not play together will not work together long," said Elbert Hubbard.
The loneliness and drabness of working away from people are fatal to his best effort.
There are two kinds of work in the world--head work and hand work; mental and manual.
Many great thinkers who were unknown while alive became famous after death.
Hundreds of people marry each year who have known each other only a few days or weeks.
If there is nothing near them that needs doing, they are sure to go and find something.
He does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players.
The eating of delicious food is one of the most intense and poignant pleasures of life.
Almost the only time a fat man loses his temper is when he has been deprived of his food.
"Everything accomplished starts with the dream of it," is a saying we all know to be true.
The man who is constantly making decisions and being compelled to alter them gets nowhere.
"When poverty comes in the door, love flies out the window" is a saying as old as it is sad.
He is likely to have a book and a cracker at his meals--and then forget to eat the cracker!
The best parents of all are those who allow their children to follow their natural talents.
We keep our most interesting thoughts and the most interesting side of ourselves hidden away.
No person achieves success or happiness when compelled to do what he naturally dislikes to do.
We humans have a great way of twisting facts to fit our conclusion as soon as we have made one.
Most of the plain, simple, everyday things he desires can be secured by people of average means.
To have more than one problem before him at one time makes him irritable, upset and exasperated.
He is usually straightforward and sincere and thereby gains the confidence of those who meet him.
Such a person will often go a block out of his way to avoid meeting a person of the opposite sex.
You will never get far without the co-operation, confidence and comradeship of other men and women.
He insists on things being done in the most efficient way and he usually does them that way himself.
Every student of biology, anatomy, anthropology, ethnology or psychology is familiar with these facts.
Between meals, he usually manages to stow away a generous supply of candy, ice cream, popcorn and fruit.
The body and the mind of man are so closely bound together that whatever affects one affects the other.
Poverty does more to bring out the worst in people and conceal the best than anything else in the world.
The world's greatest singers and most of its famous musicians have been fat or at least decidedly plump.
Her sewing basket, dresser drawers and pantry shelves are all systematically arranged in apple-pie order.
Thomas A. Edison so loves his work that he sleeps an average of less than four hours of each twenty-four.
If you are a parent, don't allow yourself to set your heart on any particular line of work for your children.
He is inclined to look at everything from the standpoint of its practicality and is neither stingy nor extravagant.
Not long ago we heard a father say in the presence of his large family, "I don't want any of my boys to be lawyers."
Notice the hands of the people you meet and you will be surprised to see how different and how interesting they are.
A chance to do as we please, especially to do as little hard work as possible, is a secret desire of almost everybody.
I never see a library without wishing I had time to go there and stay till I had read everything in it.
When we hear of a divorce we assume that it was caused by the inability of those two people to agree upon fundamentals.
Never choose a vocation just because it looks easy.
Never choose a vocation just because it looks profitable.
Never choose a vocation just because the hours are short.
Never choose a vocation just because it promises social standing.
Never choose a vocation just because it is popular or sounds interesting.
Never choose a vocation just because it permits the wearing of good clothes.
Never choose a vocation just because your friends are in it, nor refuse another just because your worst enemy is in it.
The wounded were transported with an ambulance.
How do you say "kaisha" in English?
He fell asleep behind the wheel and had an accident.
Please clean those dishes.
Lincoln Park is a neighborhood on the North Side of Chicago.
Who is that woman with the brown coat?
Well, have you decided yet?
I didn't see anybody.
I speak a little Scottish Gaelic.
Do you speak English and Scottish Gaelic?
We don't live in Scotland yet.
Look at this high mountain.
I'm always hungry.
Everyone has his price.
Why can't I hold all these limes?
Oh God! How did this get here? I'm not good with computers!
I came here to kick ass and chew bubblegum... And I'm all out of bubblegum.
Pleased to meet you. I am an anteater.
The rent is too damn high.
Let's act like we're foreigners.
The tie doesn't fit with my suit.
The artist drew with Chinese ink.
Above all I want to write hundreds of sentences in Tatoeba, but I have to work.
Which do you like better: music class or English class?
I heard a really beautiful song yesterday.
A bargain! For the true connoisseur!
What are your plans for tonight?
It's better not to say anything about her to him.
All you have to do to pass the entrance examination is to read this book.
He gets on well with Mr. Brown.
I have a shower every night.
Some English speakers think that omission of the subject does not occur in their language, however, the subject of phrases like "thank you" or "bless you" is omitted.
Not all red apples taste the same.
He is a daydreamer.
I've seen a one-legged man.
Bono and Sinatra toast their new friendship.
This is a simple declarative sentence.
He's gone to the stadium.
We were too late. When we got there, Jack had already left.
He's been to the stadium.
I've been writing letters.
I've written three letters.
I've been running.
I've shopped here for ages.
I've been shopping here for ages.
I've painted the ceiling.
I've been painting the ceiling.
I've cut my finger.
I've run this morning.
I've run three miles.
I've run for three hours.
We have been waiting here for hours.
I have been studying German since I met that girl in Darmstadt.
He has not spoken for an hour.
He has been speaking for an hour.
All in.
Don't even bother, he'll win anyway.
I live in the city.
How long did it take us to translate this book?
He criticized me for neglecting my duty.
I say we get a smoothie.
He's very kind to me.
He has got two cats, one is white, one is black.
All I want is to get rid of you.
I want to be able to speak English fluently.
Why is it every goddamn Smashing Pumpkins video I go to, some idiot compares them to Nirvana? What the fuck?
Gold is the most precious of all metals.
That didn't happen when I was learning Esperanto.
I'm going to watch a scary movie.
There's always a next time.
I never want to see him again.
I love you more than him.
This could become a big problem.
In the end she chose another kitten.
That's the crux of the matter.
Will you come to our usual game of poker next Friday?
Certainly, I like playing cards.
Will you come to the party tomorrow?
Susan likes cats.
Is that your book?
That must be the Mackintosh boy.
I have seen wolves in the Appennines.
I saw wolves in the Appennines.
She helps the Mackintosh boy.
Women really are quite dangerous. The more I think about this, the more I'm able to understand the reasoning behind face covering.
He hopes to entice her into doing what he wants.
He is hoping to entice her into doing what he wants.
By that time I'll have already left.
Idiot! She's not being honest when she says she loves you. Haven't you figured it out yet? She's just a gold digger.
All of them are just here to pick up girls.
Does it not happen to any teachers?
It is rather ridiculous that, in some countries, a person cannot even release their own work into the public domain.
If only I had studied harder for the exam.
Please pass it to the other kids.
Do you watch "Tom and Jerry"?
That small star is the brightest.
Will you help me translate?
I'm ashamed of you.
I hold the same opinion.
The hill used to be covered in snow.
He was able to solve the problem with ease.
Give me two pieces of chalk.
Please wait half an hour.
He's on a bad path.
The boy, upon seeing a butterfly, proceeded to run after it, provoking the anger of his mother, who had ordered him to stay quiet while she gossiped with the lady next door.
They say there are bright-colored frogs, but I've never seen them.
When he openly declared he would marry Pablo, he almost gave his grandmother a heart attack and made his aunt's eyes burst out of their sockets; however, his little sister beamed with pride.
My cat purrs when I scratch behind his ears.
The lioness finally gave chase to the gazelle.
The crocodile trapped the gnu as it tried to cross the river.
This ant is the queen; don't you see she has wings?
You're a beast! You haven't even missed one question!
If you cut the tail off of a lizard, it will grow back.
When I was little, I wanted to have a pet brown bear to scare my neighbors.
The cranes tend to make their nests in the bell towers of churches.
Call me this afternoon.
Did you write this book?
The kangaroo jumps very high.
The labor unions had been threatening the government with a general strike.
Classes have been suspended due to floods.
Does your brother know how to drive?
You should recover from your cold.
He is allergic to the truth.
This part of the tune needs some real skill. It took me ages to learn how to play it on the piano.
Why are people always called Tom in random sentences?
Did you know that, in French, one doesn't hear the difference between "the symmetry" and "the asymmetry"?
Courgettes are green.
The new house is near the fast burn.
There is green grass on the field.
The floor was wet with water.
A day on the road is good for you.
I was on the road to the town.
Do you think that brown hair is very beautiful?
There is some coal in the stream.
The dog was in the box under the table.
There is a house across the stream.
The person with the dog was so slow on the hill.
Was there fresh bread in the box?
Is the milk from this deer really good?
There was peace all over the world.
Was he quick with the sail?
There is good fire from this coal.
There is no water in the stream.
It was very stormy in the afternoon.
That glen was beautiful on a calm day.
There was a seal on the shore.
The butter on the bread is very good.
Were you in the moor yesterday?
There is a small brown dog under that table.
There is a beautiful girl on the paper.
There is no fish in the burn.
The table in that room is very nice.
I think that there is water under the table.
The boat was under sail.
There was a seal in the water and on the shore.
This letter is to the old woman.
The story about the girl was in the news.
There was an interesting story in the letter to the boy.
The black dog on the grass was exposed to the sun.
The lass is at the window, because the sun is very hot today.
She was in bed during the morning reading a book.
The sun was warm in the morning, but it's cold at this moment.
Will it be Saturday tomorrow?
It's Monday today and it will be Tuesday tomorrow.
What day is it again?
It's Thursday and the bin lorry will be coming today.
Friday is bin day in England.
The bin lorry will not be coming tomorrow, then.
I hope it'll come, because the trash can is full.
Will you be working at the hotel tomorrow in the morning?
We are working hard on the field today.
The man was working hard on the field yesterday.
They will be working hard on the field tomorrow.
He was working hard on the field last night.
My son is working hard on the field right now.
I am very glad to hear that you speak Scottish Gaelic.
I am really glad to hear that you want to live in Scotland.
I am glad to hear that you know how she is called.
I hope that your family is fine, my friend.
"You have the attention span of a chicken." "Chickens are delicious." "My point exactly."
I am not leaving you.
By plane, please.
She isn't alone anymore.
Goodnight, Timmy.
It doesn't matter what he said.
It doesn't matter what she said.
Never mind what he said.
Never mind what she said.
He isn't alone anymore.
She isn't lonely anymore.
He isn't lonely anymore.
Ewondo is the language spoken by the Ewondo tribe of Cameroon.
I am dating my cram school teacher.
There's a hero, if you look inside your heart.
He acted like a lunatic.
I prefer traditional characters. Due to the abundance of reading materials in simplified characters, I can recognize many of them too.
Who wrote these poems?
Sometimes I see him at the club.
On the one hand I called you to invite you to dinner, on the other to tell you my son is getting married.
I need to shit.
She has two cats. One is white and one is black.
He has two cats, one is white and one is black.
The children love listening to fairy tales.
The children love listening to stories.
I wanted to speak with you about this.
Can foreign students join this club?
The dog looks sick.
If a man says he is not afraid of dying, he is either lying or is a Gurkha.
Try thai style Jerusalem artichokes.
See you tomorrow at the office.
He violated a law.
Let's play football!
It's not necessary to write more than 400 words.
I can't sleep because of the noise.
He'll be late for the meeting.
Wash eggplants and cut their endings.
I would like to have some pancakes now.
I play volleyball often.
No love without envy.
I'm sorry, if I hurt you.
I'm worrying about your success.
Almost all dogs are alive.
John is sure, that fresh air is a good thing.
Sun rise was incredibly beautiful.
She sat and lit a cigarette up.
Please peel the potatoes.
Would you like a slice of pitaya?
Taro, go brush your teeth.
Everyone knows that he's still alive.
English is hard, isn't it?
I remember what you said.
I remember what she said.
Do you have a child?
I am not good.
I met your dad yesterday.
I became acquainted with your father yesterday.
I became acquainted with your dad yesterday.
I ran into your father yesterday.
I ran into your dad yesterday.
I bumped into your dad yesterday.
I bumped into your father yesterday.
He is not a good person.
She is not a good person.
I forgot to turn off the television before going to bed.
I forgot to turn off the television before going to sleep.
I forgot to turn off the television before bed.
My mother looked at me with tears in her eyes.
The weather is cold all year round here.
It is cold all year round here.
It is cold all year here.
The weather is cold all year here.
Can you speak more slowly?
I bought lots of books.
We don't have tea.
Many people in the world are hungry.
I was born on October 10th, 1972.
Susan shined your father's shoes.
We are expecting a baby.
She is beautiful like her mother.
Is it that you can't or that you don't want to?
Small secrets make big lies.
If you could think positively every day, it would help you to live a lot better.
They went to Edinburgh to escape from the summer heat.
He's later than you think.
My cat died yesterday.
The Tigers lost the match, to our great surprise.
How is it that you're always so full of energy?
How come you're always so energetic?
The train went through a tunnel.
He was easily able to solve the problem.
The hill was covered in snow.
I bought two tickets for the concert.
There are 31 days in December.
There isn't a cat.
Last year, there was a bad harvest.
Last year, there was frequent snowfall.
Can I sit beside you?
Cows are, for Hindus, sacred animals.
She wanted my permission to use the phone.
He wanted my permission to use the phone.
Cows give us milk and chickens, eggs.
She asked my for my permission to use the phone.
He asked for my permission to use the phone.
She wanted my permission to use the telephone.
He wanted my permission to use the telephone.
She asked for my permission to use the telephone.
He asked for my permission to use the telephone.
He saw a lot of animals on the road.
She saw a lot of animals on the road.
There is no life without water.
How much is one beer?
I prefer spring to summer.
The world's happiest man is me.
Hey. How's it going?
The weather was hot. And pretty humid.
I think it's going to rain today.
Today is very cold.
Yesterday was hot.
It snowed all last night.
Who told the story to you?
She does not smoke.
What does TATOEBA mean?
She terrified her.
She terrified him.
He terrified her.
He terrified him.
I caught a cab from the station to the hotel.
If only she would marry me.
If only he would marry me.
There is a library in every city in America.
Come here Emilia! Your father is waiting for you!
Close the gate.
She is her friend.
She is his friend.
He is his friend.
I will always love you.
She works at a bank.
She came.
He came.
Without you, life is awful.
The man has two feet.
That is her car.
"Michael" is a man's name but "Michelle" is a lady's name.
I came for you.
But coffee is not good.
Are you lonely?
I forgot her name.
I forgot its name.
I answered the question.
Two years ago I went to China.
I didn't understand.
Lucy is American.
She is a selfish woman.
I can not.
I am afraid that you will get lost.
I became acquainted with beautiful Polish women at the university in Brazil, and I also met there some very friendly people who could speak Polish.
Will Quebec succeed in seceding?
They're having a going-out-of-business sale.
Biceps are man boobs.
He fell into a deep depression and decided to off himself.
Don't worry. My lips are sealed.
He was arrested for fencing stolen goods.
I have a little money. With you and this, I am happy.
He stiffed me for fifty bucks.
You should really lay off that. It'll ruin your health.
The contestant blurted out the right answer just before the time ran out.
I didn't know you were seeing someone.
No admittance beyond this point.
He needs a more productive outlet for his anger.
He OD'd on cocaine.
There must be a logical explanation for this.
We lived there for ten years when the war began.
The man is eating bread.
The lady is now drinking water.
Tom is bigger than me.
The phone doesn't work, Mr. Tamori.
The paper is white.
It is a photograph that I really like.
She said "NO" to herself. She said "YES" aloud.
He said "NO" to himself. He said "YES" aloud.
What a pleasant surprise to see you here!
Why is my father in the kitchen?
Why is my dad in the kitchen?
The law is the same for everyone.
Her father will not come, he is very busy.
His father won't come, he is very busy.
Her dad will not come, he is very busy.
Her dad won't come, he is very busy.
Her father won't come, he is very busy.
His father will not come, he is very busy.
His dad will not come, he is very busy.
His dad won't come, he is very busy.
Her dad won't be coming, he is very busy.
I am looking for a shop.
Finding her office was easy.
Finding his office was easy.
I am learning a little English.
He and I are in the same class.
We do not know her.
We do not know him.
How have you come?
They accepted her as the city's best doctor.
They accepted him as the city's best doctor.
What time will the train to Kyoto arrive?
I am very pleased.
I am not working.
I am not studying.
We love eating apples.
I am silent.
Can you see anything at all there?
We walked as far as 6 kilometers.
I am pretty pleased with you.
Hello everyone!
The sick, tired men finally reached the mountain town where he was waiting.
Before going to work in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
Before going to study in Paris, I have to brush up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris I have to freshen up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris, I must brush up on my French.
Before going to study in Paris, I must brush up on my French.
Before going to work in Paris I must freshen up on my French.
Looking at your Facebook friends' photos is a waste of time.
I like coffee much more than tea.
She is terrified of the dark.
He is terrified of the dark.
Smoking is not good for one's health.
Walking from the station to the house takes only five minutes.
Someone told me that.
You say something and then you do another.
Which language is spoken in the U.S.A.?
Which language is spoken in the United States of America?
I know it by heart.
She is coming from England.
She will be in New York for two weeks.
I found this book very interesting.
Without water, you could not live.
Sometimes she drives to work.
Sometimes he drives to work.
I want coffee.
I will learn.
I do not like the rain.
The weather is bad today.
It isn't a surprise that English is the world's most spoken language.
Every word spoken excites its contradiction.
Show me your driving license, please.
Lastly, she went to America.
I am teaching.
Are you a teacher or a student here?
I will be here tomorrow.
I am very tired.
That is very expensive!
I never read that book.
Must I go with you?
I am an honest person.
Mount Everest is the world's highest peak.
Get lost.
My name is Ludwig.
I think it would have been a better shoot with a 10mm lens.
I know Spanish, Basque and some English.
Where does this flag come from?
Can you pronounce these words?
Brush your teeth after every meal.
Liars must have a good memory.
Good day!
My brother gave me a charming baby doll.
My brother gave me a cute baby doll.
English is also studied in China.
This is different from what I thought.
He went to Paris for the first time.
Tom watched television yesterday.
I like chocolate ice cream!
She traveled around the world.
We thank you very much!
Her book is famous not only in England but also in Japan.
From tomorrow on we can go to work together.
Sam was able to enter the school's basketball team.
Do you like golf?
It's strange that you ask me for a motorcycle when you are afraid of going by bike.
I'm not in a mood to eat right now.
I'm not in a mood to go out.
The plane will take off at five.
She was raised in the United States of America but her mother tongue is Japanese.
He promised to meet her at the coffee shop.
She promised to meet her at the coffee shop.
He promised to meet him at the coffee shop.
I was caught in the rain on my way home.
I'm not in the mood to help you.
I don't feel like helping you.
He showed us a beautiful hat.
She did not walk to the gym.
Who will come with me?
She doesn't know who built those houses.
I wasn't really in the mood to go out.
He began to cry loudly.
He actioned for an injunction.
Exercise every day.
Wish you were here.
Sam managed to get on the school basketball team.
It's so fucking cold!
That place is in the middle of nowhere.
Oh dear. What a shame.
Three beers and a tequila please.
On a scale of 1 to 10, please rate your proficiency in the following languages.
I would read this book, but I don't have the time.
I'm a forty-year-old student at Hyogo University.
She helped her younger brother with his homework.
When I was young I used to pray for a bike. Then I realized that God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and prayed for forgiveness.
I bought the novel on which the film is based.
I refuse to be called anything besides "Your Highness".
Luke, I am your father.
She speaks Russian.
How many men are there that wear a coat that cost a hundred francs, and carry a diamond in the head of their cane, and dine for twenty-five SOUS for all that! It seems as though we could never pay enough for the pleasures of vanity.
Only a poor man knows what such a passion costs in cab-hire, gloves, linen, tailor's bills, and the like. If the Platonic stage lasts a little too long, the affair grows ruinous.
Love is like some fresh spring, that leaves its cresses, its gravel bed and flowers to become first a stream and then a river, changing its aspect and its nature as it flows to plunge itself in some boundless ocean, where restricted natures only find monotony, but where great souls are engulfed in endless contemplation.
I like Japanese very much.
The Japanese people appreciate very much the prompt assistance of many foreign countries.
I saw my grandfather last week.
He killed himself.
He commited suicide.
This door can't be opened in any way.
I am very interested in those stories.
Please show me how I have to do it.
The child doesn't cry anymore.
When we came home last night, the others were already in bed and fast asleep.
The truth is at the centre of a universe of which no one knows the borders.
I like football.
Alas.
This is my answer to your question.
The murderer confessed his crime.
Whoever telephones, tell them I'm out.
When writing for a German newspaper, every few sentences you should replace some grammatical case with a dative, or a noun with its English translation, to make your article linguistically more interesting.
I saw you in the strip club the day before yesterday.
My boss is not satisfied with my TPS reports.
Please say it in English.
There is no anwser for your question.
You must quit smoking cigarettes.
You must quit smoking.
He decided to be operated on.
Turn on the radio, please.
She is only a child.
He is only a child.
She is just a child.
He is just a child.
I wish you luck.
He has a dog and six cats.
She has a dog and six cats.
If he studied hard, he could pass the exam.
"h" is a dummy variable.
They awarded her a gold metal for her achievement.
His father left him the house in his will.
I try all things, I achieve what I can.
Who in the rainbow can draw the line where the violet tint ends and the orange tint begins?
Truth is in things, and not in words.
Truth uncompromisingly told will always have its jagged edges.
I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.
Of all the preposterous assumptions of humanity over humanity, nothing exceeds most of the criticisms made on the habits of the poor by the well-housed, well- warmed, and well-fed.
He decided to have the operation.
She decided to have the operation.
She decided to be operated on.
She decided to have surgery.
He decided to have surgery.
He chose to be operated on.
She chose to be operated on.
Your question has no answer.
There is not an answer to your question.
Your question does not have an answer.
There is not an answer for your question.
This is hard for me to believe.
He works in a bank.
If she studied hard, she could pass the exam.
If he studied hard, he could pass the test.
If she studied hard, she could pass the test.
I've been studying in China for ten months.
We talked about many things.
What I have learnt is not just the Chinese language, but something about the country itself as well.
She is older and wiser now.
That's to say, I have a better understanding of the Chinese nation.
She was painfully thin.
Of course, I learnt about China from textbooks when I was in Japan, but what I see for myself in China is completely different from what is described in those textbooks.
He was painfully skinny.
She was painfully skinny.
Today's Beijing has given me a very deep impression and aroused my curiosity.
Could I use your phone?
I can describe China, especially in relation to big cities like Beijing, in one sentence - China is a country whose pace of life is both fast and leisurely.
When I first came to Beijing, I loved to stroll everywhere, but Beijing was not like what I had imagined.
Its modernization was far beyond my expectations.
New buildings are being built here, there and everywhere.
The small restaurant of today may be a big hotel tomorrow.
Beijing is changing so rapidly.
On seeing this, I can't help thinking: Can the residents of Beijing keep up with such a pace?
Do they all enjoy such high speed development?
Is there any leisure in China?
It has: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
While walking, I used to feel somewhat in a hurry.
At first, I had no idea why.
I later realized that Beijing people walk slowly.
What's more, Chinese people like taking naps.
This isn't my opinion, it's just what I've translated.
Now, I also enjoy it.
Now, I like it too.
I have come to realize that China is developing quickly but the Chinese people live a relatively leisurely life.
He is always cheerful and smiling.
There were too many people at the concert.
Are you insane?
I've just eaten some sushi and drunk a beer.
This isn't my point of view, it's only my translation!
If there were no air, people could not live for even ten minutes.
Her story turned out to be true.
If there was no air, people could not live for even ten minutes.
If there was no air, man could not live for even ten minutes.
God wants it.
His remark was not intended to be a factual statement.
My father will prepare a tasty meal for me tomorrow.
She had an accident while working.
John has a natural talent for tennis.
He had an accident while working.
While working, she had an accident.
While working, he had an accident.
Washington is the capital of the United States.
I am using Twitter.
Have you ever thought about what you want to do with your life?
I'm up to my neck in it.
My father is a master builder.
Your hypothesis is correct.
She is opening the window.
He is opening the window.
She likes walking alone.
Does she speak English, French or German?
Does he speak English, French or German?
The bank loaned her 500 dollars.
She likes taking pictures.
He likes taking pictures.
The bank lent him 500 dollars.
The bank lent her 500 dollars.
I don't eat meat, shellfish, poultry or gravy.
My daughter is buying milk from the store.
What will we do if it rains?
Five patients were in the waiting room.
Is there anyone else wanting to eat?
We stayed home because it was raining.
She lives alone.
I find this hard to believe.
There is no answer to your question.
He won't come to class tomorrow.
She won't come to class tomorrow.
I am leaving the books here.
I am not coming today.
I am coming today.
I am really worried about a friend.
Most of the time I dream in text.
It's super easy!
He was deathly afraid of Barbies.
I am learning Turkish.
Her boyfriend is an idiot.
His boyfriend is an idiot.
I love the Fatherland.
People don't buy milk from this store.
I have an important part.
I have an important role.
After a long absence, he returned home.
After a long absence, she returned home.
Death is everyone's fate.
Can you lend me a stapler?
This is the city I told you about.
People should be honest with one another.
My aunt made a new skirt for me.
Tom's explanation is very elaborate.
I got a good idea.
My name is Jisung.
She is five years younger than me.
He is five years younger than me.
Always have your dictionary close at hand.
I would like to bring you to a good place for our honeymoon.
When you are on the battlefield, who you are fighting for is the man next to you.
Shit!
In the 22nd century, many technological innovations will be introduced.
The news covers celebrity rehab stories extensively enough to avoid talking about war or corruption.
She was burned so extensively that her children no longer recognized her.
Dr. Svensen researched the issue so extensively that his bibliography makes up half the weight of his book.
Don't make factual statements without a source.
As a consequence of its fun factor, Tatoeba contains random bits of factual information.
America once favored a policy of isolationism.
Her daughter has been favoring her husband over her, so Leila has taken the opportunity to spend time with her other babies, gin and vermouth.
Favoring one gender over another won't win you any friends here.
The whole county is favoring critical budget revisions which promise to protect education.
The Internet is bringing a swift death to the Spanish inverted exclamation mark.
He is as good as gold.
She is as good as gold.
They are as good as gold.
Who finds a friend, finds a treasure.
How is this teacher?
The Viking expansion from the 9th century onwards reached areas such as Normandy, Galicia, Andalusia, Sicily and Crimea.
The Vikings sailed most of the North Atlantic before entering the Mediterranean sea.
How to split two varibles using delimiter?
He was defeated by the fly swatter.
His grand-mother knocked him down.
Does a dog have a Buddha-nature or not ?
He studies English, but he also studies German.
The translation is impossible.
See it's simple, either I am right or you are wrong.
Where were we?
Helen is playing in the garden.
I often watch TV before dinner.
They are the boys of the parish.
I love the fatherland.
And what do I have to do now?
He won't be pleased.
She won't be pleased.
He won't call this evening.
She won't call this evening.
They wouldn't understand.
Where do you see the books?
How could we handle this problem?
Yes, I did this intentionally.
Potatoes are very cheap.
What exactly are you doing?
Thankfully she did not die.
"It must bother you to have taken a bad master." "I'm stupid too. So, it's all right."
It's a very clever piece of kit.
I see the dog.
I like the sound of harpsichord very much.
It is enough for one day.
It is enough for today.
My father named me after his aunt.
Shishir has been correcting a lot of sentences lately.
Are you aware of the time, Love?
That doesn't even make sense.
Either he doesn't know how to wash the dishes or he is just lazy.
There is no excuse for his delay.
The 80's called and they want their big hair and over the top eye make-up back.
I was so messed up last night.
I was so drunk last night.
How old am I?
A very brief warning or explanation is enough for an intelligent person.
Poppy seed muffins are her favorites, but there are days when she must settle for blueberry.
The floor was strewn with party favors: torn noisemakers, crumpled party hats, and dirty Power Ranger plates.
If I were invisible I wouldn't have to dress myself.
The boy has a huge bump on his head. No wonder he cried so much!
She always smiles.
We associate Darwin's name with the theory of evolution.
Our world is only a tiny part of the universe.
He likes all that is sweet.
Esperanto is the language of the twenty-first century.
Will you come tomorrow?
Tango is the vertical expression of horizontal desire.
After the rain, many mushrooms grow in the forest.
I inscribed 2,000 English words into my memory.
Better to be a happy fool than an unhappy sage.
I'm almost another person.
He was shy at the beginning.
Generally, men are taller than women.
I've fixed the radio for him.
The world belongs to the courageous.
The world belongs to the violent.
He has helped the poor throughout his life.
What can I do to make you pay attention to me?
What time does she get up?
You can watch television after dinner.
I am the law!
They implemented a communication policy so as to promote their new concept.
The penalty was missed.
Eat fresh, eat French.
A maid is made to clean your house.
Without you I am nothing.
I'm sorry that I hurt you; forgive me.
Banned books are books to which free access is not permitted.
Iran is the eighteenth largest country in the world.
Historically, the Persian Gulf belongs to Iran.
You're very pretty.
You're beautiful.
It is already nine o'clock.
You're just an underling. Know your place!
I get bored.
I hate these words.
Where do you think all the money goes?
What percentage of the people speak three languages?
For God's sake!
Time has come to get serious.
For one reason or another, their holiday in France wasn't as good as they expected it would be.
It's your choice.
Spend money and enjoy life!
There are two zombies inside my house.
Resident Evil 4 is one of the best games I have ever played.
Don't call me an idiot!
When I was a kid, I used to think that fairy floss and clouds were alike.
Why doesn't anybody translate my sentences?
We spoke yesterday.
We have spoken lately.
Horses and donkeys are different.
There exist several stars which are larger than our Sun.
There are a lot of stars which are larger than our sun.
A book has pages.
Let's go this way.
I'm a radio ham.
I have the house all to myself.
Werner Herzog makes outstanding documentaries and feature films.
There are many stars larger than our sun.
Today was very tiring.
Nothing much.
I think that you should break up with your boyfriend.
She is a whore.
Shucks! It was too good to be true.
You must swear with your hand on the Bible.
Supposedly, his father once betrayed China.
You should stay in bed with your husband.
The lack of money is the root of all evil.
Always be smarter than people who hire you.
Belief is the death of intelligence.
Language is one of the most important inventions of mankind.
There will be no holiday for this summer.
This task requires dexterity.
Her right eye is blind.
No additives have been added to this jam.
I need to find a way out of this problem.
Do not throw anything out of the window.
I move better.
Love is a feeling that you feel when you feel that you feel a feeling that you have never felt.
Love is a quarrel which begins between a woman and a man and never finishes.
Money is a big bother: you can live neither with it nor without it.
Tell me who your friends are, and I'll tell you who you are.
All I know is that I do not know everything.
You can't buy everything you want with money.
Tell me who your friends are, and I will tell you who you are.
I took the opportunity to visit the museum.
I think that the Quechua flag is beautiful.
It's a good idea, to be sure, but it's hard to put it into practice.
Do you believe our destinies are controlled by the stars?
Kate Middleton is now Her Royal Highness Princess William Arthur Philip Louis, Duchess of Cambridge, Countess of Strathearn, Baroness Carrickfergus, Master of Arts.
Why is it that the greatest crime and the greatest glory are to shed a man's blood?
If you wish to take, you must first learn to give.
He has left his mother and girlfriend in France.
The ship was at the mercy of the sea.
Is she young? Yes.
Which fruit is green?
I drink water because I am thirsty.
I want to change that.
What the mayor is claiming is spurious and inflammatory.
Iberism is a movement that supports the unification of the Iberian peoples and its nations such as Catalonia, Castile, Portugal, Galicia, Basque Country, Andalusia...
We are having trouble with our new neighbor.
The new government has financial troubles.
I have trouble with German grammar.
My only trouble is I don't have a close friend.
There is always trouble after midnight in big cities.
We went to a lot of trouble to clean our new house.
I took the trouble to write the answers to the comments.
Thank you for taking the trouble to prepare your delicious meals.
My old house giving me trouble. I have to mend a part of it every day.
I play piano.
The trouble with "trouble" is that it's sometimes a verb, sometimes a noun, sometimes countable, sometimes not. Oh, well. Trouble troubles me little, and little troubles trouble me not at all.
I didn't mean to trouble you, I wanted to help you.
Sorry to trouble you, but my car is broken, can you help me?
As close friends, we must share our troubles.
Troubles are everywhere; in front of you, on your left, on your right. You can't escape.
I hope I can drive your car without any troubles.
Be careful, I don't want any troubles.
Do my words trouble you? If so, that is enough for today.
You cannot be a blood donor.
This club is fearfully dull. The dance floor is empty and the smoking patio is packed.
It was her fearfully pale complexion that caught his eye.
We came fearfully close to the Sun's orbit because we launched from the wrong side of Mercury.
The dog is close to death.
Music that doesn't transmit feelings, images, thoughts, or memories is just background noise.
Cabbage, cauliflower, broccoli, and Brussels sprouts are all cultivars of the same species.
Cut the bell peppers into two-inch strips.
I can't stand arugula or any bitter greens.
That rabbit's getting away with my radishes!
Most carrots were once purple until the Dutch created an orange cultivar to honor the Prince of Orange.
I found some interesting heirloom tomatoes at the farmer's market.
For the love of Christ, son, for the glory of Spain, eat your goddamned peas!
Where's Daddy?
The cow goes "moo," the rooster goes "cock-a-doodle-doo," the pig goes "oink, oink," the duck goes "quack, quack" and the cat goes "meow."
I can do it without her help.
I can do it without your help.
Sing something, please.
She asked how to cook fish.
There once was a bridge here a long time ago.
Do you feel better today?
Maybe it's true.
Have you seen such a wonderful movie before?
Who is Alvar Aalto?
Greifswald is in Western Pomerania.
Her name in religion is Sister Theresa.
He knows none of us.
She entered religion at the age of nineteen.
Rather than live a hundred years as a rabbit, live one day as a tiger.
Muammar Gaddafi is a megalomaniac.
Mr. Bean is so funny!
Where are they from?
Translate a sentence several times from one language to another and you'll find yourself with something totally different from the original.
This apple is rotten.
I'm sorry, but I am opposed to this project.
I'm satisfied with my salary.
He does nothing but read manga.
That belongs to my brother.
Some people gain weight when they quit smoking.
You'll all get used to the cold climate in no time.
I can read English.
I stayed at home because I have got flu.
I cannot be understood in German.
Don't come to work too late!
The campers made their own bird feeders with pinecones, peanut butter, and seeds. They hung them from trees with fishing line.
What's taller than a horse but shorter than a dog?
Whereas Spain has the Royal Spanish Academy, the United States has Urban Dictionary.
You'll see the difference.
Jed works as a cattle feeder, but he has designs on the whole ranch.
Svetlana was a little too merciful with the feeder mice down at the pet store. The snakes nearly starved!
I am standing here, face to face with nothing.
Every mistake made me stronger.
If you are here, it means you care.
Go, do not wait, the night is coming.
The wind is blowing and the fruit knows: It's time to fall down.
Sorry, I missed the train.
Five plus three is eight.
He's a posh toff.
What does he buy at the supermarket?
I broke the marriage vows that I had sworn to Don Jose, my husband.
I broke the wedding vows that I had sworn to Don Jose, my husband.
Ask me anything you like.
She came hoping to see you.
Never praise a ford till you get over.
They hope to be able to find a well-paid job.
Kate Middleton is now the duchess of Cambridge.
He killed him to avenge his dead father.
I bit the bullet and actually told her.
Take it! It's a magic bullet.
What a happy-go-lucky guy.
Catch it, this dude's girl-happy.
He was not a happy camper.
He's such a happy camper. Look at his girlfriend!
I felt tired after having worked for hours.
During the game, it suddenly began to rain and it thundered, too.
It's been raining heavily since this morning, so I don't want to go anywhere.
I thoroughly regretted staying up so late, come morning.
I am not very musically inclined.
The wronged parties couldn't help but feel bitter.
It is not socially acceptable to point at people.
Sisterly love is among the strongest of all.
The separatist movement is creating conflict within the country.
The road began branching off in many directions.
If a man had 11 sheep and all but 9 died, how many sheep would he have left?
It wasn't I, commissioner!
I bought an anti-theft system for my bike.
I don't want this secret to be exposed.
Her eyes were full of sadness.
I'm trying to understand why you didn't do it.
I want to learn how to say this word in Arabic.
Not in my backyard.
His daughter is able to recite a lot of poems.
I can't find the waistcoat of my three piece suit.
She led me on.
This is a cyclic topic.
I deduced a new theory.
I want to sleep! Rather than live I want to sleep!
Quick, turn off the lamp, I want to hide in the darkness.
He who looks from outside through an open window doesn't see anywhere as much as he who looks through a closed window.
The girls shed tears after reading the novel.
Obey thyself.
Nothing can be preserved that is not good.
Never read any book that is not a year old.
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
You shall have joy, or you shall have power, said God; you shall not have both.
Poetry must be new as foam, and as old as the rock.
Children are all foreigners.
A man is made by the books he reads.
Truth is beautiful, without doubt; but so are lies.
When it is darkest, men see the stars.
He's a very important person.
O Romeo Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?
O Romeo Romeo, why are you Romeo?
My friends are my estate. Forgive me then the avarice to hoard them.
I never drink tea with lemon.
Take away love, and our earth is a tomb!
Better to reign in Hell, than serve in Heaven.
Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties.
Millions of spiritual creatures walk the earth unseen, both when we wake, and when we sleep.
Let Nature be your teacher.
Habit rules the unreflecting herd.
Man is distinguished from all other creatures by the faculty of laughter.
A person usually has two reasons for doing something: a good reason and the real reason.
Experience is the best of schoolmasters, only the school-fees are heavy.
My grandfather raises ducks.
The adaptability of humans in difficult circumstances is nothing short of amazing.
This student claimed authorship of an essay she clearly did not write.
Look at those conformists, they're always sucking up to the man.
Time is a certain fraction of eternity.
The results were not definitive, but I'm sure the DNA's a match.
The new bill favoured the rich disproportionately to the number of lower class.
There is much documented evidence to prove evolution.
This political party is very environmentally conscious.
You weren't particularly discreet, so it's no wonder you got caught.
We're about to explore some uncharted territory.
The narrative provided some eye-opening social commentary on the state of the country.
The meeting will reconvene in two hours after a brief recess.
The coordinators of this charity run have hearts of gold.
Many minority groups have been discriminated against in the past.
Edit your work better before you submit it, it's sloppy.
That person's accent is incoherent to me.
The budget is bound to fluctuate due to the economy.
We have to formulate a plan if we are to save her!
Social hierarchies serve to constrict freedom of choice.
The rock star's induction into the Hall of Fame was predicted by all.
Get off my back.
Do you travel much?
As a kid I usually played baseball after school.
I want to sleep! Sleep rather than live!
He who looks from outside through an open window never sees as much as he who looks at a closed window.
I shall endeavor to enliven morality with wit, and to temper wit with morality.
When I came back, my car had vanished.
This shop is just in front of the theatre.
You must repay your debts.
You must pay off your debts.
English is taught in a lot of countries.
Science without conscience is only the ruin of the soul.
Time is the father of truth.
Tell me your friends, and I will tell you who you are.
Lucy is an American.
He is addicted to Starbucks coffee.
My girlfriend is tall and beautiful.
Spain is a tourist country.
No one can know everything.
I'm going to the country with my friends.
I became a Catholic because I'm extremely pessimistic.
I lost myself in your universe.
Mark has my book.
The soldiers guarded the bridge.
I like to eat hot soup.
He's of the type "do as I say, not as I do".
Our country wants nothing but peace.
Your plan seems excellent.
It's a bit strange as far as I'm concerned.
Not only did he give me advice, but also money.
German spelling was standardised for the first time in nineteen hundred and one.
He came, despite the heavy snowfall.
There's a bus stop close to our school.
There's a bus stop neighbouring our school.
This year, my Grade-Point Average is better than yours!
I'm very well, thank you.
It's a very decorative plant.
He is not a bad person.
He's not a bad person.
How many people does this ship's crew consist of?
Many people have gathered.
I'm going to Japan by myself next month.
Your singing would put a professional singer to shame.
When will you return home?
Can you add a full stop at the end of your sentence, please?
Why did you fail on the entrance examination?
Why did you fail the entrance examination?
I was the only child to enroll in college.
The city was founded in 573.
The president announced that the United States would put a satellite into orbit.
Blood is the fluid responsible for the circulation of nutrients.
The heart is a muscle.
Afterwards, we went to Bethlehem to see the statues.
We stop loving ourselves when no one loves us.
In love, there are only beginnings.
Do not do that.
He ate bread with butter.
His program had enormous success.
We have ways of making women speak; we have none for shutting them up.
Despite the government's protection, he was the victim of an assassination attempt which killed him.
His face was pale and his clothing humble.
Mom, do you still remember how to do it?
Today I am very happy with my pregnancy.
He needed more time to complete the task.
The Allies made a very unconvincing attempt to help the Russians.
Lunar eclipses can be total or partial.
I like that dress a lot, can I try it on?
This is the driest month of june since the thirties.
He who laughs last, laughs best.
I don't have money.
The bull escaped from the ring.
His house is far from the station.
The boy is jumping.
There are no devils in this world.
I don't have a conscience, I only have a sensitivity.
Let's go to the beach; it's a great day out.
The rain in Sevilla is a marvel.
Philosophy is learning how to die.
I have a dentist appointment on Monday.
The horse is jumping.
That's a mere mistake.
The girl is jumping.
The dog is jumping.
Who is reading?
Two children are sitting on the fence.
This is easy.
This is difficult.
He took off the wife-beater.
Goodnight, Mother.
Have you stopped beating your wife?
Augusto is my most beloved son.
Being sick is very boring.
All Gaul is divided into three parts.
So do you also speak English?
I'm a doctor. How about you?
Don't you love cats?
Don't you hate dogs?
Am I right in saying that, like me, you study Spanish?
It's interesting that you speak French. I also speak it.
I'm sorry, I don't follow.
I'm afraid I don't know what you mean.
I'm not very good at speaking Arabic.
I've never been very good at playing the piano.
I'm not very up on the latest computer trends.
I really don't know much about that.
Maybe you could enlighten me.
Maybe you could fill me in.
But I'd like to learn more.
You're asking the wrong person.
That's outside my area of expertise.
I mean it when I say that I love you.
I say in all sincerity.
I'm being sincere when I say that I love you.
I feel a little uncomfortable bringing this up, but I love you.
I hope you don't mind my mentioning this, but you know that I love you.
If you don't mind my asking, why did you go out yesterday?
We don't have to talk about this now.
I could be wrong.
I'm no expert.
That's what people say.
Don't quote me on this.
I don't know for sure.
It's hard to say for sure.
Of course, that's just me.
I'll get to it right away.
I'll have it ready for you by tomorrow.
It'll just take a second.
It should be no problem.
OK, and what are you going to do for me?
And what do I get?
I'll see what I can do.
I'm afraid I can't right now.
I'm kind of busy right now.
Do you mind of I do it later?
When do you need it by?
My schedule's really full right now.
I was wondering if there is any way you could deliver that today.
I need to ask you for a little favor.
Don't worry if you can't.
My dog barks all the time.
I don't want you to go out of your way or anything.
Are you sure it's no trouble?
Oh, sure.
I'd be glad to.
What are friends for?
No, it's the least I can do.
No, don't worry about it.
It's no trouble. Really.
It would be a pleasure.
Oh, you know what?
I'm sorry, I can't.
I really wish I could help.
Sorry about that.
Maybe we could get together sometime and have lunch.
Do you like fishing? Maybe we could get together sometime.
I'll have to see how my schedule looks.
I'll need to check my schedule.
We'll play it by ear.
That sounds like a good idea.
Why don't I call you?
Give me a call later, OK?
Let me think about it.
Let me check my schedule.
It was the only way to go.
It seemed the best way forward.
What's your take on this?
I'd like to hear what you have to say on this.
I don't know. What do you think?
Do cats see in the dark?
Would you like a little more salad?
Her father always comes home late.
Do you understand what he's told you?
I could run quite a bit faster when I was young.
It's not the fidelity that bothers him.
What bothers him is not the fidelity.
This dog is staring at me as if it wanted to eat me.
I don't know what kind of person he is.
Love moves the world.
I went to Ecuador when I was eight years old.
I have no hair on my head.
The beaches of Huelva are very pretty.
I've played the piano ever since I was a boy.
Guess who's coming tonight.
I have a huge amount of clothes in my closet.
I sleep standing up.
Polyphemus, son of Neptune, had only one eye in the front.
Football players make a lot of money.
Soccer players make a lot of money.
I'd like to go around the world on a boat.
She's not a good cook.
What club would you like to join?
When I boarded the train this morning, I ran into an old friend.
I don't want to hurt your feelings.
Her explanation is a little convincing.
He's daft about cats.
I told him about my ideas but he dismissed them out of hand.
My father was a musician and I'm going to follow in his footsteps.
I like him but he cries into his beer way too often.
They're fighting fiercely now but I assure you they'll bury the hatchet before long.
I can't believe how hard it is to find decent grub around here.
He's inclined to violence.
I'm still very tired.
He interrupted our conversation.
I am eating a cucumber.
Things that are human, too human, are generally certainly animal.
It is more difficult to defend oneself than to defend someone else. Those who doubt it may look at lawyers.
Pagans have deified life and Christians have deified death.
Old people don't like new ideas; they like to think that the world has lost something, rather than improved, since they were young.
Of all the men that I dislike, my husband is certainly the one that I prefer.
We must not get angry at things: they don't care at all.
In France, we study men, in Germany, books.
A misfortune never comes alone.
We sometimes disparagingly call noise, music that's insignificant and devoid of any charm.
The savage life is so simple, and our societies are such complex machinery!
To philosophize is to learn how to die.
Which endings does this verb have in the present tense?
This week, we're in a hurry.
How many of you are there at the base?
Cats hate vacuum cleaners.
The 2nd of May 2011 is the date of the Canadian Federal Elections: Don't forget to go vote!
In other words, she's dumb.
Thanks for mentioning that.
You've got a good idea.
Interesting.
I have the impression that happiness is always a little further on.
The theater was too crowded.
You have a sound point.
That's too much information to cover!
You must mend your garment.
I can't tell you how I love you.
Are you rushing to finish the project?
You know how much I appreciate your expertise.
Glad I am to be working with you.
I don't know what we would do without you.
Your role here is so important.
Why don't we form a study group?
I heard you won. Congratulations!
I'm really happy about your father.
Is the tour going well?
Oh, by the way: Congratulations on your success!
You're so much better than me at playing the guitar.
Maybe one day you could show me how it's done.
I wish I could sing like you do.
How do you draw so well? I've never been able to do that.
You're so good at writing. I'm terrible.
Do you agree that we should leave now?
A transatlantic ship crosses the oceans.
There was a Brazilian girl in my class last year.
Do you have a problem with me staying?
Do you mind if I leave for a few minutes?
I'm Alex. We met last week at the hotel.
I don't know if you remember me.
I really enjoyed the talk we had about politics.
You mentioned something about my mother.
I found it fascinating what you were saying about global warming.
There is no freedom for the ignorant.
We had a brief discussion about human rights.
I must admit, you're right.
My math is a little rusty.
I don't have any information on that subject.
That's a subject I know nothing about.
I plead ignorance.
Sometimes a ladder is a sign of bad luck.
The car is in front of the garage.
I'm not familiar with that.
I don't believe I've ever heard of her.
Sounds vaguely familiar.
I'm a little out of touch with new technology.
I've probably heard of him somewhere.
Have you ever spoken to an English speaking audience?
Haven't you ever heard of Rio de Janeiro?
Anyway, I won't take up any more of your time.
We live, not as we wish to, but as we can.
Anyway, I know you must be busy, so let me go.
She was at the club at 8 o'clock.
Riches cover a multitude of woes.
The children are going to the beach today.
The children are talking to their parents at this moment.
So... you were saying?
I call a fig a fig, a spade a spade.
You were saying...?
Jack's book is interesting.
Marriage, if one will face the truth, is an evil, but a necessary evil.
Sorry for the interruption.
It is not white hair that engenders wisdom.
Please continue.
I waved good bye and then walked away.
Health and intellect are the two blessings of life.
OK, no problem.
OK, no big deal.
The man who runs may fight again.
OK, this is nothing we can't handle.
We can deal with this.
It's only a minor setback.
These things happen.
Our negotiations to lower export taxes suffered a big setback.
This is serious.
We have to do something about this.
Fred is going to Europe on Monday.
Many buildings in New York don't have a thirteenth floor.
There are over 2,500 types of snakes in the world.
Even poisonous snakes will only attack if they feel threatened.
Which snake has the longest fangs?
Which is the most venomous snake in the world?
The inland taipan, a snake found in Australia, is the most venomous snake in the world.
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.
Which snake is the fastest in the world?
Who was Mona Lisa?
The Mona Lisa is probably the most famous painting ever created.
The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
The painting is in the Louvre, Paris.
Power is the great aphrodisiac.
In art, as in love, instinct is good enough.
Knowing is nothing, imagination is everything.
This watch of mine never stops.
We will see whether he will recognize me or not.
There were six people at the concert last week.
That group of people almost disappeared.
You should give this task to some other person.
The German domination didn't last very long.
In each beehive there can only be one queen.
Thousands of people went to the beach to see the dolphin.
That type of temple influenced all of the Middle East, mainly Egypt.
I tell you that I am personally against abortion.
The worst is already over.
Would you like me to tell the truth?
Around the year 174 AD, his people revolted against Rome.
When he returned, he brought a baseball cap and gave it as a present to his friend.
Japanese cars are very popular.
"H" is not pronounced in Spanish unless it is preceded by "c."
"A" is the first letter of the alphabet.
The children occupied the large and spacious classroom.
The old harp was stored in the basement.
I want to visit the ruins of Machu Picchu.
What was he arrested for this time?
I live at 337 Augusta Street.
I liked "Rebel Without a Cause" very much.
Are you Andalousian?
This bed is cold.
Michael gave it to Dora.
Did you hear Hillary's speech?
I had a class with Mrs. Tortello.
I will request references about you.
The Brazilian army got ready for the attack.
The Morales are in the living room.
Dad, here's the coffee.
Mom, come with me to the store.
Tell Dad to come.
Boseman is an old trapper.
The cabin of that old trapper is not far away.
A Sioux gave that old trapper a golden nugget.
Everybody knows that old trapper.
The Sacramento Chronicle writes frequently about that old trapper.
Sheriff Wyatt Earp talked to that old trapper yesterday.
The sheriff knows that old trapper.
That old trapper knows the sheriff.
That old cabin is on the left.
That old chronicle is on the left.
That old lasso is on the left.
That old trapper lived in California.
Calamity Jane lived in California.
Fremont and Sutter lived in California.
Who is Mr. Bush?
Mr. Bush is a president.
Have a good journey!
Hello. My name is John Reindle. I work at the American Embassy in Prague.
Where did you learn Czech so well?
I like Czechoslovakia a lot.
Prague is very beautiful.
Excuse me, I'm a foreigner and I don't understand Czech all that well.
But I understand you quite well.
How long have you been in Czechoslovakia, Mr. Reindle?
Just a second, please, here is my wife, I'll introduce her to you. Jarmila, this is Mr. Reindle from the American Embassy.
Good afternoon. You are our new neighbor, if I'm not mistaken?
I'm a foreigner and I don't know Czech very well. Please, speak slowly.
A foreigner? And where are you from?
If you need anything, ring my bell any time. I'll be glad to help you.
I am not Czech.
You are our new neighbor.
Who is there?
This is the American Embassy.
Give tea.
I taste of salt.
Good afternoon. Excuse me, I'm looking for the Loreta.
The man that I see is very tall.
Did you read the book that won the prize?
I'll give a copy to anyone who asks for it.
I live in the house my father built.
I'll give you the article I wrote on that matter.
He cut it with the knife that he received as a present from his brother.
The woman who lives next door is working for the Civil Service now.
There's a man at the door who wants to talk to you.
I thought I saw someone there.
Colm is the person I thought I saw.
He's doing something there.
It's a new book.
Close your eyes and count to ten.
I like the picture that I see there.
The priest who speaks French will be here next week.
He remained silent during the meeting.
This is not what was asked.
Peige is the person who will finish the work.
I don't understand the questions that the teacher asks.
I bought a book that will be very interesting.
What will be happening on Thursday?
My mother appears young for her age.
What do you do in London?
If a figure has three sides, it is a triangle.
Who was not here?
What did he not buy?
China is a large country.
China is a great country.
Bicycles are for summertime.
Which food do you prefer?
Which people will be here?
Which woman was talking to you?
When was he here before?
I play sports every day.
When will you come back?
How long will they stay?
How often do you see her?
How's the work going?
How was the night?
What will you drink?
Who said that?
Which newspaper would you prefer?
Who lives in that house?
Which film did you see?
Whose food is this?
What does she do in the summer?
How did you do it?
Who did you see at the theatre?
The weather is beautiful.
Is the weather nice?
Is this it?
Is she nice?
I see a house.
I see the house.
I see this.
I see this house.
I see that it is raining.
I see your house.
I see his house.
I see myself.
Show me yours!
I would like that kind.
They see each other.
Which one would you like?
Which book would you like?
We are walking in the park.
Mari works for a large firm.
I go into the city every day.
I will be working all day tomorrow.
I'll do my homework later.
I go into the store, and who do I see? An American friend, who immediately begins to tell me what has been going on with him since we last met.
Lajos said that he wants to live in Szeged.
Lajos said that three years ago he wanted to live in Szeged.
I have been working in the library since January.
How long have you been studying Hungarian?
My boss has been trumpeting the virtues of yet another runaway bestselling managerial strategy guide.
Ole went from one antidepressant to another, trying to find the one with the fewest side effects.
Ulster has the fewest losses of any boxer in the league.
Anders had the fewest toys out of anyone in his class, which motivated him to make friends quickly.
The regions with the fewest natural resources rely on importation to increase their standard of living.
We live in a society; not just in an economy.
Damn, that sucks!
Good afternoon. Excuse me, I'm looking for Loretta.
You can feel the worm as a painful strand under the skin.
I became a woman.
They sell apples, mandarines, eggs and so on.
I must have dreamt it.
The Iowa caucuses will be held soon.
Just married.
He didn't try to answer her back.
We arrive to the theater.
He thought up a new idea.
He was absorbed in listening to the music.
I am fine, and you?
His sister does not go to America.
Any society not enlightened by philosophers is fooled by quacks.
It's not about how much you're worth, but how much they are going to pay for having you.
Yesterday we were biking in the woods.
They vacationed in France last year.
I finished the work.
I have read the book.
I was reading the book.
In the morning I usually drink coffee, in the evening I drink tea.
In the old days we would go ice skating in the winter, but now we are too old.
When I have finished my lunch, I will lie down for an hour.
As soon as I have written the letter I will rush to the post office.
In general, wolves do not attack people.
Close the door, please!
Don't leave!
Do it!
Walk slowly!
Let him stay home if he wants!
Let me buy this car!
Should I tell them the truth?
They asked whether they should write down the new words.
Did you inquire as to whether you should leave?
Could he, he would open 8 days a week.
The cottage industry is in good health.
I bought a car in Derry yesterday.
It's a car that I bought in Derry yesterday.
I'l wear the blue dress.
It's your children who were late.
We'll be leaving tomorrow.
I bought the car.
I was talking to my family.
She is making dinner.
He broke the window.
So be it!
The fact is, he broke the window.
What he said was that he was satisfied.
What you saw was a dolphin.
What they did was break the window.
What I'll do is clean the room.
Will you really come?
It is better to remain silent, than to talk without purpose.
Is it you who'll buy the food?
Did they come today?
He's a journalist.
Yesterday is when I bought a car.
It's a car that I bought.
No comment.
He's got some very British phlegm.
I'm sure yours doesn't quite compare mine.
What are we talking about, seriously?
He put the right words at the right time.
What I want now is ice cream.
My brother is a professor.
I met Mattias in Spain.
It wasn't me that ate the last piece of cake.
That is the house that I stay in.
That is the woman they stay with.
Those are the children you'll be giving the book to.
Who are the people I saw her with?
The man that you'll get a letter from is on holiday now.
Michael Jackson has died.
I see the children who had a cold.
Is that the woman who knows the answer?
That's the man whose wife died.
That's the woman whose son is sick.
That's the house I stayed in.
Those are the children you gave the book to.
Those are the people whose car I repaired.
That's the house they were living in.
Excuse me, I didn't catch your name.
That's the woman I got a message from.
Which house do you stay in?
Where is your brother?
Which woman do you stay with?
Which teachers were you talking to?
Which chair did you put the book on?
Which woman's son is sick?
Who do you stay with?
To whom did you give the book?
What were you talking about?
Whose book is here?
Whose is it?
Are all the books on the table?
How did he do it?
Well, I'll surely ask again.
Just a second, please. Straight and then to the right, is that it?
So, straight, then to the right, and then?
How far is it to Brno?
Is this the right way to go to the railway station?
Is it still far from here?
Where am I now?
You're going in the wrong direction.
You have to go back.
I am probably lost.
You will take the second street.
It's really worth it.
Show it to me on the map.
Here I have the map.
I work at the embassy.
I will do the homework.
In case you will need anything.
This will be the best.
It will be Karlova street.
We are looking for each other.
The professor teaches Czech.
I learn Czech.
I will borrow a pen.
I will lend you a pen.
You will take one of the streets.
Yo, check out this bling bling!
Adolescence is often a period of insecurity.
Once you reach the age of sixty, you become a senior.
The engagement is often followed by a public announcement of marriage.
A wedding is a significant moment in life.
Common-law relationships are not legal unions in France.
A baby is adorable.
The bride was radiant.
A girl can be a tomboy.
A king's daughter is a princess.
He is a very gallant gentleman.
On which chair did you put the book?
Meet Mr. Petit.
I do not know this lady.
Hello, ma'am.
Which house are you staying in?
In which house are you staying?
That's the house they lived in.
How do you think this change will be received?
Do you see any problems with the project?
I wonder if we could run into any problems with the company.
Where do you think any problems might occur?
It seems OK on paper, but I wonder if it's going to work.
That's true. First, however, we need to go to the supermarket.
You're right about that. I wonder if they are going to understand you.
I see what you mean.
OK, but what about the manager?
And why is that?
What makes you say that?
Could you elaborate?
Interesting. Could you explain what you mean?
Do you say that because you're afraid?
No problem. If X happens, we have Y as a backup.
That could only happen if they were still in the country.
Should that happen, what we would do then is run.
Tell me what you think about my car.
How do you feel about your father?
What are your thoughts on the company?
Do you have any thoughts on my paper?
What's your take on my book?
Has anybody ever said you wear too much makeup?
Has anybody ever thought of this?
Has anybody ever given serious thought to this?
Has this ever been done before?
Just between you and me, do you love my sister?
Don't quote me on this, but I agree with you.
You didn't hear this from me.
OK. Right. I see what you mean.
OK. I think I see where you are going.
OK. I think I understand what you're asking.
Anyway, you're my friend.
Anyway, you get the idea.
Anyway, I think I've said enough.
I think you know what I mean.
I don't need to go on and on about it.
I could go on and on about it, but I won't.
Al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden has been killed by US forces in Pakistan.
Excuse me, have you got a light?
Under Europa's icy crust might be an ocean of water.
Fifthly, I just forgot what the first four things were.
You are cordially invited to our fiftieth anniversary celebration.
By the fiftieth heartbreak, rejection becomes much easier to handle.
Among other things, carats are a measure of gold's fineness.
His uncle worked as a pipe fitter for 36 years, exposing him to lead, exotic gases, and other interesting chemicals.
Pipe fitters design and assemble pipe systems.
Valencia is a much fitter candidate for student body president than her competitors.
I've gotten much fitter, sleeker, and sexier thanks to all this running from the cops.
He bawled and screamed about what turned out to be an easily fixable problem.
The stylists, in all their pompous, branded majesty, doubted that the girl who had just approached them was fixable: her clothes were greasy, tattered, and devoid of rhinestones and logos.
It's no crime to steal from a thief.
The police watch over the city during the night.
On Sunday we were on the beach flying a kite.
The firefighters could not put out the fire at the industrial plant.
His teeth are white like a pearl.
I like vanilla ice cream very much.
Men are like bears: the uglier they are, the more handsome.
I'm hoping to arrive this weekend.
Recreativo de Huelva was the first football club founded in Spain.
I can help him if he needs it.
He always wanted to go to L.A.
Due to the economic crisis, there are more and more cases of fraud.
Speed kills.
I have remained speechless.
And there we were: the best of any house.
It's so wonderful to smell freshly made coffee!
I don't like coffee too much, but I tend to have a cup once in a while.
My little sister is kind of lazy.
I hate my job.
The rain that fell during the last few days has filled the swamps.
You've bitten off more than you can chew.
Who is it that you're working for?
Are you saying that because you're afraid?
Just between the two of us; are you in love with my sister?
Death, it's the only thing we haven't succeeded in completely vulgarizing.
He was convicted on trumped up charges.
He's hell-bent on finding out who killed his daughter.
The police think the house was torched to collect on the insurance.
At the best hotels, there is always someone at your beck and call.
She stormed off in a huff.
I think you're reading too much into John's relationship with Jane.
Don't be so hard on her. She meant well.
That was then and this is now.
The odds are slim to none that the true conspirators will be found.
She took out a full-page ad in the newspaper pleading for help in finding her kidnapped daughter.
Strangely, rich people tend to be stingier than poor people.
Just when the bank was about to foreclose on her home, she came into a lot of money.
How can you be so sure?
His breath reeks of booze.
Their marriage has been strained lately because of financial problems.
Coastal cities will take the brunt of the storm.
Ever since the car accident she's felt that she's been living on borrowed time.
Catching cancer early increases survival odds.
Every high school student has ditched class at one time or other.
They're really tight.
Look me in the eyes and tell me you didn't do it.
Do you have a John Harrison in your employ?
She's in total denial about her husband's philandering.
You've got a lot of nerve bringing me here under false pretenses.
I asked him about what he witnessed, but he wasn't very forthcoming.
Your reply is wrong.
Rose petals are very soft.
The petals floated on the surface of the water.
There are various actions in conversations.
Interpreters do not translate turn by turn.
Turns are context-shaped.
There could be a failure to answer.
The interactions are governed by rules.
Turns are followed by turns.
Overlap can occur.
For me, humanity is a matter's shape.
Life is but a sophisticated way of organising matter.
For me, humanity is a shape that matter takes.
Why can't shape be an intimate attribute of matter?
Why are they here?
What time will he be here?
I'll meet you tomorrow.
Fine. Where?
Which house do they live in?
He actually hurt himself.
Did you walk from the bus?
Flowers are sold there.
French is spoken in Switzerland.
Not much soccer is played there.
Is German spoken too?
They say it's hot here.
They get up early in this house.
There will be card-playing tonight.
One must go home.
No one else was injured.
The glass got broken.
The question was answered.
It wasn't found.
Nobody went there.
Was she seen?
I think that someone went there.
Weren't they satisfied?
People are rich here.
Are people comfortable? No.
She was born in England.
It can be done.
You should finish the work.
The work should be finished.
We need more.
More is needed.
I succeeded in the work.
The work was successful.
It seems to me that they will be late.
Her father died.
He was drowned.
They cut back more every year.
One should not say bad words.
Was nothing done about that?
This car is a pile of rubbish.
Cats hate water.
I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible you may be mistaken.
Don't worry, be happy.
An oil leak was contained by a beaver dam in Alberta.
He covered his face with the handkerchief and cried as well!
He got a little irritated when he was approached by beggars.
The new law guarantees the same judicial and social rights to homosexual couples.
I don't see the humor in anything.
This language has been in decline for several centuries until recently.
Cells have two methods of reproduction: mitosis and meiosis.
They were there with some other motive in mind which she still didn't know about.
In many cases, doing that is impossible.
Other documents of great importance include the writings of the Jesuits.
He asked her seven times to marry him.
It was necessary that he say something, but no word came from his lips.
She is a kind and holy woman.
They generally paid a visit on Sundays, after dinner.
This relationship between Portugal and the United States is still maintained today.
In the old man's store, they worked day and night.
To tell the truth, I've only crossed the border once.
I wrote that book.
The first thing you have to do is take a bath.
For a while you will stay here with us.
The boss owes several months' salary to the construction workers.
The prisoners would have to go through yet one more hardship.
She wanted to know if what I discovered was true!
Not everything can be the way we want, Teresa.
In December of that year, a new Constitution was adopted.
Most of them are invisible without the help of a microscope.
The work took an enormous amount of time to finish.
Simone asked, "How are you? Well?"
I miss my family and my country.
He was the kind of person in whom you can trust.
Today, things are better for the Latino community in the USA.
The friend whom I invited never showed up.
The money could take days to arrive at its destination.
I think that, for the first time in my life, I understood her.
I want to do a little physical exercise.
This analysis is divided in two parts.
One day I went to see her and told her that she should tell everything to her husband.
I didn't want to go; I preferred to stay home, enjoying my solitude.
Then speak now or forever hold your peace.
I can't remember what question I asked him.
The airplane was going to carry them to Bauru.
And say, "My Lord, increase me in knowledge."
But say, "O my Lord! advance me in knowledge."
Bairbre is careful.
She did the work carefully.
The car is slow.
She spoke impolitely.
They rarely go there.
I'll do the work tomorrow.
Put the bags over there.
The adopted girl is from Panama.
He arrived at midnight.
She went to England a year ago.
They're inside.
Tomorrow, we'll be starting school.
For the past month, we've had no snow at all.
The situation got worse.
Over in Paris they speak French.
The situation worsened.
I'll see you tonight.
She did it carefully.
This game is sick! I've been a fan of the company for...ever.
I speak a little Spanish.
Juan's shirt is as elegant as mine.
What did you say? Please repeat it.
I would like to change my American dollars to euros please.
Excuse me, where's the American Embassy?
Could you please help me? I've lost an important document.
How much do these black pants and red shirts cost?
I need a spoon, a fork, and a knife. Thank you.
Mariana is going home now with Susana's mother.
Mario is an Italian citizen.
You use a pen in a university.
We have to wake up.
I study here when there is no noise.
Francine and I loved each other very much.
I beg you to give me a little water.
The girl doesn't know how to do it.
Perhaps you want fifteen cheeses.
It is true that Rosa had a glass of wine.
Mrs. Ana explains the sixth test.
The blue fox is in the zoo.
It's seven o'clock.
Spanish is easy.
The book is written in Spanish.
It's a Spanish book.
Dr. Rueda arrives.
On Sundays I rest.
I am going to Spain in the fall.
I live in the United States.
The Amazon is a river.
Madrid, the capital of Spain, is a marvelous city.
Arriving early is good.
Susan, Juan's sister, is very intelligent.
I think the same as they do.
Expensive is not always better than inexpensive.
I see how dangerous it is.
Do you hear how fast he speaks?
I'm a good teacher.
She's an important American.
The artist is gifted.
The little girl lived in Brazil.
Belgium is not as big as France.
Thank you for correcting this mistake.
Man lives not by bread alone.
The rain falls and moistens the trees.
The invention of the mobile phone took place in the seventies, and it became accessible to all in the eighties and nineties.
Better to be alone than in bad company.
There are four days left till Christmas!
She thinks the fact that he admits his problem is very positive, and demonstrates that deep down, he wants to change for you.
The natives each had an amulet, which they considered their true heart.
Pedro has a motorcycle and loves to ride it.
I don't know how long this situation is going to last.
This indigenous god needs water to have a normal life, move and talk, or its body will turn back into immovable stone.
Because of his passion for indigenous Mexican art, he spends his weekends in Tlaxcala or Teotihuacan looking for good specimens of small statues.
He just moved into an apartment he inherited from his parents.
Reality and dreams counteract each other.
Filiberto died by drowning during a bath in the ocean.
Filiberto has fled to Acapulco.
The basement of his house is constantly inundated with inexplicable water leaks.
His love for indigenous Mexican art became his downfall.
The oldest woman in the village was the one who picked his name at birth.
If a stranger on the street slapped me in the face, I'd hit him back hard.
If a stranger on the street slapped me in the face, I'd kill him without warning.
If the boy gets sleepy, don't leave him in front of the television. Take him to bed early and read him a story.
If I was left alone on the elevator at four in the morning, I'd shout to attract the neighbors' attention.
If I discovered my best friend's boyfriend kissing someone else, I'd kill him that very second.
I'm bored, home alone, without cartoons or a computer.
Try to understand it in Spanish, without translating to English.
Get out of here quickly!
There's no need to exaggerate.
Damn it! He's escaped me again.
And what if we went to a Japanese restaurant tonight?
Loving is the essence of life.
A large crowd of Americans gathered outside the White House to celebrate the death of a human being in the same manner as they would celebrate winning a football game.
This classroom is separated from that one by a wall.
China and Mongolia are separated by the Great Wall of China.
She was depressed.
He's an alpha male idiot.
Sorry, but you're in the wrong here.
My home is separated from his by a river.
Which ocean separates China and America?
They are separated by a great distance.
The exhibitor isn't involved in the conversation.
The exhibitor is cut off from the conversation.
What separates Guangdong from Guangxi?
There is a start signal.
There are long turns.
At these events they sell few products.
He gives instructions on what to say.
In the second example, the interpreter mistranslates the salutation.
Discuss the basic procedures involved in the analysis of conversational interaction.
We are only separated by the Pacific Ocean.
Give examples.
What does translation equivalence involve?
There is a global problem of comprehension.
There's a global problem of comprehension.
The Danish person tries to speak Italian at the beginning of the conversation.
Patients tell stories.
Say what is true.
Genius and madness are separated only by success.
One day apart seems like a separation of three years.
If speakers regularly mean something other than what they say, how is it that people manage to understand one another?
We need to distinguish what a sentence could mean from what it actually does mean when used by one particular speaker on one particular occasion.
Sooner or later, we'll have to buy a new TV since the TV we have now is a very old model.
Large catches of squid are a sign of a coming earthquake.
CK should definitely go Sony!
That is why I'm compelled to wank.
The next station is where you get off.
He doesn't know any of us.
You're slower than a villain's horse.
I'd like it if you were always honest with me.
There in the darkness, she reflected on her life.
My parents have kicked me out of the house.
I'm pouring some anti-inflammatory cream on my right knee.
Pigeons are very bothersome birds in cities.
She snuck out the house without him knowing.
Remarking on the incessant rain, John huddled under his umbrella and strode off to work.
There are many zoonoses, that is, diseases transmitted from animals to human beings.
The tape having been replayed, the referee conceded that the ball had crossed the line.
Tomorrow will be another day.
Republicans and Democrats, Christians, Atheists, Muslims and all other faiths, Americans and Immigrants, everyone was united in grief for the devastation of 9/11.
Someone important to society has passed away.
Do you like to drive?
With heads respectfully bowed, they carried the coffin up the steps and into the small chapel.
The man in the doorway was not an easy customer, the kind of guy all the waitresses hoped that someone else would serve.
As the boat sailed on westwards, the captain looked back at how far they had come, and felt a tear prick the corner of his eye.
The corners of his lips showed a bluish tinge that really worried the nurse.
Have I told you that I hate you?
You're a penny-pincher.
This chick is like a shrimp: I like everything about her but her head.
He sat there dead in the bathtub.
I've tried Controls, but they seem a little tighter to me than Durexes.
He had to leave the city, so he moved to Berlin.
Everything was going to end and begin again.
Cairo is the biggest city in Africa.
She speaks Portuguese.
Brazil is a young country without a commitment to the past.
Another form of art which was highly developed by them was sculpture.
Even today, his theory remains practically irrefutable.
In Europe it is difficult, yet possible, to find a job.
The sacrifice was seen as a way of sanctifying the act.
The Socialist Party only got 18% of the votes.
They told me that the cemetery is in terrible condition.
He took second place.
The city of Londrina was founded in 1930.
Although he had fewer supporters among the governing class, he was able to get the popular vote.
If I considered the possibility of catching the flu every time I kiss a girl I don't know, I'd have no luck with the ladies at all.
He was very gracious to let us take a picture of him.
Don't kiss me like before.
My job is to know these things.
I'll miss you so much when you leave in June.
In 1890, the colony acquired its own government.
With these orders, he left for India right away.
I did so much that I felt tired.
The Germans then attacked the English forces on the right side.
She thought it wise to call the police.
I know that better than anyone.
And feminism, what do you think about feminism?
My name is Maria Sara.
Why has this happened?
My wife is Scottish.
The average number of pregnancies per woman is two in industrialized countries.
Those who know me, know that I am Catholic.
Currently, the industry is a good example of an area of depression.
Oxygen exists in two gaseous forms.
Before the arrival of the Europeans, yellow fever hadn't been a problem.
Such a thing never passed through my head!
I like this wallpaper of Marilyn Monroe you have on your laptop because it reminds me a lot of you when you lay your little eyes on me.
The religious man remained kneeling for hours.
Agriculture is developed in the most fertile lands of the region.
When I saw him last, he was still a child.
My parents have been married since before I was born.
Slavery is a crime against humanity.
He went to Brazil and stayed there.
As incredible as it seems, he is a really strong guy.
He widened his small circle of friends.
How much time has passed?
I can tell you nothing more. I've already said too much.
The languages spoken in Cape Verde are Portuguese and creoles.
He married twice and had more than 20 children.
After a certain point, everything became a little more difficult.
Go get her medicine and a glass of water.
A thousand pardons for coming into your house so late.
The problem is worse.
Can you show me the list of prices?
Man does not live by bread alone.
A man telephoned me this evening.
I work part-time as a receptionist at a dentist's office.
I like to go to the movies with my friends.
Ancient people liked to tell stories of bravery.
The group has, as lead singer, Ivete Sangalo.
The maximum speed reached by the vehicle was 5 kilometers per hour.
I am a licensed veterinarian.
During this time of the year you can neither enter nor leave Rome.
The war ended.
You should all continue until you finish your course of study.
The idea was so advanced that I couldn't understand it.
I can never predict anything.
There are divisions within the organization itself.
When he returned home, he shut himself in his room.
Statues of Buddha are notable works of Japanese art.
I don't have enough money.
Two men are checking on what's wrong with the car.
It's as clean as a whistle.
Life is a question of priorities.
I don't like women without personalities.
This car is a clunker.
The other day they took my wallet while I was strolling along the beach.
I need a vacation!
Let's escape together.
There's no way to convince him. He absolutely insists that the only way to solve the problem is his way.
The chameleon changes color depending on where it finds itself.
The gardener didn't let us walk on the grass.
I have two parakeets at home.
The hummingbird is the smallest bird in the world.
The killer has just taken his fourteenth victim, and we still have no lead on his identity.
He flirts so forcefully that he ends up pushing women away.
Our artificial island isn't very well forested yet.
No ensemble can convey a composer's intent more forcefully than an orchestra.
Act too forcefully and you'll start a war.
Forested wetlands are the subject of extensive USDA research.
The activists were last seen in a remote, forested corner of Brazil.
Claude, an autotropic boy in my class whose skin is green due to chlorophyll, dreams of foresting the moon.
Urban foresting was a shared hobby of theirs.
We have made several failed attempts at foresting the local landfill.
In autumn, the moon is really beautiful.
Artificial neural networks can be used to understand biological neural networks, or to solve problems of artificial intelligence, without necessarily creating models of real biological systems.
At what age did you have your first period?
I know a very rich girl who only eats seasonal vegetables.
At what age did you get your first period?
She made a few extra bucks writing the fortunes in fortune cookies.
They promised him he'd make fortunes off of his penny stocks.
She got herself through college telling people their fortunes as a phony psychic. She didn't even have a proper Tarot deck, but her clients didn't know the difference.
Fourthly, my first three points do not exist.
See how much freer you feel at the keyboard after practicing your scales like the other kids?
I know no freer country than my own, for never do I bother leaving home.
Old-timers might argue the Internet was freest during the Usenet days.
America fancies itself the world's freest nation.
Be careful interpreting indirect translations. Genders may have changed.
See how they run!
See how Lenny can swallow an entire hot dog without chewing or choking? That's why upper management loves him so much.
Pickpockets may operate in this area.
Dogs must be carried.
Don't fall asleep too soon.
Don't sleep too deeply.
Did Pakistani intelligence really know nothing about the terrorist's whereabouts?
Why did he do such a thing?
Some people are sure to ask, why don't we just pack up and leave Afghanistan?
He is twice as old as she is.
We subscribe to a newspaper.
My family subscribes to a newspaper.
Sorry it took me so long to write to you.
Two pictures overlapped.
The light faded out.
Her dream is to visit Paris.
Her feelings are easily hurt.
We call this mountain Tsurugidake.
Err...
Nope.
Yep.
I also like this singer's voice.
Okey-dokey.
Okey doke.
I'm casting aspersions on his competency as a statistician.
They came to make peace.
They came to ask for peace.
He committed suicide by jumping off a bridge.
He ended his life by jumping off a bridge.
I'm very worried.
All of the apples that fall are eaten by the pigs.
The earthquake caused a tsunami of immense size.
Existence precedes essence.
Every nation gets the government it deserves.
I saw my friends yesterday.
Did you get a beer?
Holyrood is in uproar.
We're finding it difficult deciding on which one to buy.
The cup is on the table.
I like this cup.
The map is on the wall.
Finland is on the map.
He is Commander Joki.
Commander Joki has a family.
There's a boy.
The boy has a newspaper.
I want a bath.
My address is Puistokatu.
We live on Puistokatu.
Every country has the government it deserves.
Good morning, Mr. Saari.
Morning, Mrs. Virtanen.
I want the address.
The measure of love is to love without measure.
I go to work.
I go into the store.
I go into the bank.
The art of pleasing is the art of deception.
Great thoughts come from the heart.
In order to achieve great things, we must live as though we are never going to die.
May I introduce Attorney Tammi, a new student. Mrs. Virtanen, the Finnish teacher.
Here is my wife, Minna.
Excuse me, what was the name again?
How is it spelled?
'Tammi' with two m's. So that's T-A-M-M-I.
Sorry, I didn't hear.
And how are things in Washington?
How is your wife?
You think you are dying for your country; you die for the industrialists.
Of all the ways of defining man, the worst is the one which makes him out to be a rational animal.
Thanks for asking, she is fine.
Thanks, everything is fine there.
He is wise who neither hopes nor fears anything from the uncertain future.
If it were absolutely necessary to choose, I would rather be guilty of an immoral act than of a cruel one.
To accomplish great things we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
It is only the poor who pay cash. That's not from virtue, but because they are refused credit.
Ignorance and error are necessary to life, like bread and water.
We have medicines to make women speak; we have none to make them silent.
When a thing has been said and well said, have no scruple: take it and copy it.
One becomes a good writer just as one becomes a good carpenter: by planing down one's sentences.
I do not know any reading more easy, more fascinating, more delightful than a catalogue.
Lovers who are truly in love do not write down their happiness.
Those who have given themselves the most concern about the happiness of people have made their friends very miserable.
The art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds to satisfy it afterwards.
We dismiss people for talking about themselves but it's the subject they treat best.
The finest words in the world are only vain sounds, if you cannot comprehend them.
Is there any reason for that?
Why is this so, Yusufu?
Yes, there are two important reasons.
In the first place, the women have more free time than men. In the second place, they have fewer things to worry about than men.
The men go to work.
The men are generally tired when they come back from work.
Sometimes they say, "I can't go to school today. I'll go tomorrow."
In that case, they fall behind.
I've heard that you don't eat green leafy vegetables. You say that it is food for animals.
That's nothing but a lie!
The people there are not so dumb.
They know what "vitamin" means.
When you don't eat leafy foods, you can't get vitamins.
I was quite surprised.
I was surprised that when I heard that people really don't eat leafy vegetables.
That's not true at all.
I see that the time is approaching, Yusufu.
I must hurry to catch the train.
Fine. I'd be very happy if you would drop me a line as soon as you get to Mwanza.
Tell me all about the trip you've made.
Tell me how you will take the steamer from Mwanza to Bukoba.
Good bye, and safe trip.
Good bye, and thanks.
You'll see it for yourself.
Ask God that you may visit that country some day.
Her argument was not based on facts.
Do you like to stay alone?
"Father, why are you putting on clean clothes?" "Because I'm going to church."
"Do you want to go to church with me, Daudi?" "No, father. I don't want to today. I'll go by myself tomorrow."
But your mother is going too.
Even if I'm going to stay at home by myself, I'm not going any place at all today.
I do not want any bananas at all.
I do not want any milk at all.
I do not want anybody at all.
We did not see a single game.
We did not see any children at all.
He does not have any relatives at all.
He does not have any friends.
"I shall go to the market this afternoon. How about you?" "No, I will not go."
"I shall buy a new house. How about you?" "No, I will not buy one."
"Juma will pay school fees. How about Hamisi?" "No, he will not pay them."
"Juma will help his friends. How about Hamisi?" "No, he will not help them."
"My friends will learn Nyamwezi. How about yours?" "No, they will not learn it."
"Will you go to the market with Juma?" "No, I shall go alone."
"Will Juma go to the market with Hasani?" "No, he will go alone."
"Will the children stay at home with their mother?" "No, they will stay alone."
"Will the porters come with their master?" "No, they will come alone."
"Do you want this orange?" "No, I don't want any orange at all."
We must be clear that when it comes to atoms, language can be used only as in poetry.
Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
Anyone who is not shocked by quantum theory has not understood it.
Some subjects are so serious that one can only joke about them.
Looking back at your childhood, what do you remember as your first reading experiences?
Do you have a favourite writer and a favourite book?
What books have you read in English?
When you were able to read on your own, what did you enjoy reading?
What kinds of reading material did your parents have in the house when you were young?
If you could easily read anything in English, what would you like to read?
How much time per week do you spend reading materials of your own choice?
What kind of reading is important in your life today?
Did your parents or other members of your family like to read?
If so, what did they read?
If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don't understand quantum mechanics.
Mr Koizumi thinks an awful lot of himself.
There is nothing you can do that I haven't already done to myself.
I have borrowed a car.
Never borrow a car.
I have borrowed a table.
George reached his goal of traveling to America.
I have borrowed two books.
He borrowed two books.
Do you speak Swedish?
Yes, a little bit.
No, not at all.
No, I don't understand you.
Thanks, I understand now.
Where is there a telephone?
Is there a bus stop nearby?
Yes, over there.
Can you tell me how you get to the American Embassy?
Fred was thrilled to buy the car.
I would like to buy some postcards.
How many do you want?
One crown and fifty ore.
Please give me a Dagens Nyheter, too.
How much will it be?
It will be four crowns, please.
We are having lunch.
We are having dinner.
We are having breakfast.
May I look at the menu?
May I have a couple of cheese sandwiches?
What would you like to drink? Coffee?
May I have a glass of milk, please?
May I have a glass of water, please?
May I have a glass of beer, please?
May I have a glass of wine, please?
Some bread and butter.
There's a restaurant here.
There's a bus here.
There's a crown here.
There's a telephone here.
There's a sandwich here.
There's a bus stop here.
There's a postcard here.
There's a glass here.
There's a couple here.
There's a hotel here.
Is there a telephone here?
I speak Swedish.
Greta is walking to the Embassy.
You will speak Swedish.
You can understand Swedish.
A cup of coffee costs one crown.
Does a cup of coffee cost one crown?
Mr. Berg is helping you.
Are you helping Miss Hansson?
You are going to speak Swedish.
You want to help me.
I'm helping you.
I will help you.
I'm coming to the hotel.
I want to come to the hotel.
Let's see...
Whatever will be, will be.
They work hard.
Classes begin next week.
They go to work every day.
She sings and dances very well.
He dresses himself well.
He brushes his teeth after his meals.
Mary watches TV every night.
My maid waxes my house once a week.
A bee buzzes.
That woman goes to church every evening.
My mother always buys at the drugstore.
He studies hard every day.
Do they know it well?
They don't know it well.
Light travels at about 186,000 miles per second.
She usually comes here on Tuesdays.
He waters the garden once a week.
My friend and I often go to the movies.
She likes to go to the beach.
She doesn't know what to say.
That band comes to our town tomorrow.
What kind of bird is this?
I study at the library.
You dare not eat me!
Sorry, you have the wrong number.
Don't spoil your appetite.
She fucked me by surprise.
They are studying for the test.
She is resting now.
Father is reading the newspaper now.
At present they are working for a big company in England.
Look! They are leaving the house.
She is leaving for her hometown tomorrow morning.
She is always smoking.
Peter is continually making phone calls to his mother.
She understands you now.
The doctor is seeing that patient.
He's taking a shower.
My father works hard because he wants to give us everything we need.
She sings, he plays the guitar and we dance.
John wants to see you and me.
He loves to see us.
You and I love games.
We love them.
The boy is eating bread.
We see him every day.
Are they looking at us?
The baby is crying. I think it is sick.
That's my dog Fido. I love him.
One shouldn't lie.
Mary hurt herself yesterday.
They always behave themselves well.
He shaves himself every day.
They are looking at themselves in the mirror.
I myself will repair that machine.
I will repair that machine myself.
She herself did the homework.
She did the homework herself.
That old woman lives by herself.
You have to do it by yourself.
One should dress oneself well.
Let's stop hurting each other.
People should love one another.
He himself refused to talk to her.
My mom always says that she will visit me soon.
He will have to do that task again.
I will ask Mary to type the letters tomorrow.
She will be happy to know you want to see her.
We are going to meet him tonight.
I think I am finally going to retire.
Listen! She is going to explain that rule again.
Look! That kid is going to fall.
You shall do your duty.
You shall not enter the house dressed like that.
He shall be punished.
We shall hold on till the end.
The Titanic sank on her maiden voyage. She was a large ship.
Will you please open the door?
Will you drink some tea?
Shall we go now?
Shall we wait a little more?
It's useless to talk to her. She won't listen to you.
Dinner will be ready when you arrive.
When he goes to Europe, he will visit many museums.
We will talk to her before she leaves the office.
The moment they find it, they will be surprised.
When she arrives, talk to her.
As soon as she is ready, give me a call.
I think it will rain this afternoon.
I will leave as soon as the bell rings.
Mary has her problems.
Paul respects his parents.
They love their kids.
This book is mine. Where is yours?
This photo isn't hers. It's ours.
This book belongs to them. It's theirs.
One should do one's best to be happy.
He is one of my old friends.
He's an old friend of mine.
We're selling her one of our tickets.
We're selling her a ticket of ours.
Please, give me one of your pictures.
Please, give me a picture of yours.
Everybody knows his duties here.
I will see my friends tonight, but my sister won't see hers.
We saw them last night.
He worked hard yesterday.
She sent those e-mails an hour ago.
When the phone rang, he ran to answer it.
He went home yesterday.
Did he go home yesterday?
He didn't go home yesterday.
It was raining when they arrived.
What were you doing at 9 o'clock last night?
We were talking about you that day.
Paul was reading a short story last night.
While John was reading his newspaper, his wife was watching TV.
When he got home, his wife was frying some delicious steaks.
He was resting under a tree when an apple fell on his head.
The children were sleeping when their grandparents called them.
I think he drove madly and kept having accidents.
When the police arrived, the thieves had disappeared.
After he had done his homework, he went to bed.
After she had passed her driving test, she bought a car.
The teacher wanted to know why we hadn't done the exercises.
After he had found her phone number, he called her up.
She showed me the present that she had received from her boyfriend.
She left before I got home.
My parents had left before I arrived.
Should I drink dandelion coffee while I'm pregnant?
This little girl lives in Brazil.
Is it OK for me to remove my wedding ring and go to a dating party when I have a pregnant wife?
It's strange that Ken doesn't agree with us.
We exercise.
I go jogging.
The woman is grooming herself.
They are taking a walk.
Pregnant women often experience morning sickness.
I'm taking a walk with my dog.
We play a sport.
Lunch is at noon.
I need a snack.
He finished breakfast.
I must buy groceries.
I'm sorry, I have to answer messages.
Have you already done your homework?
She is in the kitchen because she's making dinner.
The man does the laundry, not the woman.
The girl is doing the dishes.
You shouldn't do his work.
I will set the table before sitting down to eat dinner.
I hate to make the bed.
Why do you clean the house each week?
You've got the freshest sound I've heard in years. Now go write 12 songs about fucking by Friday.
Here once stood a hotel that claimed the world's freshest towels. The place shut down after they were all stolen.
I'm at Tokyo Station now.
Tom does not like cheese.
I don't have a cat.
My back hurts.
My son has a toothache.
Carol has a headache.
He had nausea?
Her daughter has a stomachache.
The boy had indigestion after eating too much.
The virus makes him very feverish.
Blues singer and guitarist Robert Johnson would have been 100 years old on May 8th of 2011 if he hadn't died when he was 27 years old.
Get fuller, sexier, more malignant lips today!
Some strategic panning helped his mixes sound fuller.
Eating more slowly will help you feel fuller.
Francesca has a fuller figure than many of the other models at the agency.
Out in the furthest reaches of the galaxy there are a bunch of stars named after dead actors.
This man's ramblings are the furthest from the truth I've ever heard!
These girls have soulful voices and, man, they're hot.
You need not worry about the tsunami due to this earthquake.
Have you ever been to the United States?
I never had the opportunity to use it.
There is no sugar here.
What are you having for lunch today?
Why didn't you read the magazine?
What will you have for lunch today?
They don't know what they are missing.
People in the United States speak English.
We've finished cleaning the classroom.
Few of her friends live in Kyoto.
There is an automobile outside.
Today is a hot day.
One can acquire this book only in a store.
My sister was in New York a year ago.
There is a car in front of the church.
A woman is reading a book in the library.
This car is black.
This orange is delicious.
This man is Chinese.
That child is my sister.
Those students are in the classroom.
This man has a horse.
I am not an athlete.
This is an easy exercise.
Sheila and I are old friends.
Is Mr. Brown a doctor?
Jack is quiet now.
You and Brenda are not hungry.
The dog is in the house.
The cows are on the farm.
The car is in the garage.
George is at the club today.
The blue car is expensive.
The horses are on the farm.
She and I are Brazilian.
The dogs are in the garden.
Peter is English. Is Susan English, too?
He is at school. Are they, too?
Philip and Sheila are late. Am I, too?
That man is French. Are you and your sister, too?
This cat is black. Is the dog, too?
The doctor is young. Is the pilot, too?
There are children playing ball.
There are statues in the park.
There is a girl reading under a tree.
There are two boats on the lake.
There are two motorcycles at the gate of the park.
There is a little boy walking with his dog.
The cat was sick last week.
There is an old man sitting on a bench.
There is a bus on the street.
George was at the club yesterday.
There are students going to school.
There is a policeman at the gate of the house.
Isabela was my first girlfriend.
We were at John's house last weekend.
They were on vacation last July.
You were not a good student two years ago.
Jack and Bill were very good friends.
Jack was at school last year.
She was happy with the new dress.
They were not in class yesterday.
Cecilia wasn't a teacher.
The birds were hungry.
She used to be my girlfriend.
You were late yesterday.
The boys bring their books every day.
She brushes her hair in the morning.
They play ball in the park every afternoon.
Mr. Ricardo is a very good teacher.
What is the Smithsonian Institution?
How many specimens can the public see at the Smithsonian Institution?
There are certain beliefs about cows in India.
Superstition is certainly part of the present, past and future life of man.
Few students are interested in the game next Saturday.
Filters stop emission of gas into the atmosphere.
Our factory is building a new chimney.
The production of vegetables is growing in our area.
Leather is raw material to produce shoes.
Cows burp a lot.
I seldom speak to him.
Find the correct answer!
Don't cross the street!
They bring some books to me.
We live near her.
Ozone protects us.
She likes to walk with me.
They often see us.
I'm treated as a foreigner in Brazil.
The president speaks as a real patriot.
Scofield goes to the ceremony as our representative.
My little sister is crying like a child.
Both her parents come from Brazil. She is a daughter of Brazilians.
The ladies' dresses are on the floor.
The boy's toys are in the bathroom.
Dr. George's secretary is Japanese.
A horseshoe and a black cat are not good luck signs.
There is superstition in Brazil.
A broken mirror brings bad luck.
There is evidence of superstition in our world.
Some very old beliefs are part of our world.
Thirteen is a lucky number in the Brazilian Federal Lottery.
The boys' bicycle is in the garage.
Carol's dress is long.
Chopin's music is beautiful.
My parent's house is comfortable.
The dog's house is outside.
The man's shirts are in the closet.
The women's hats are expensive.
I know that I don't know.
Choose one.
I hope to have my car paid off by next September.
We must not rest on our laurels!
Hui Shi had many ingenious notions. His writings would fill five carriages; but his doctrines were erroneous and contradictory, and his words were wide of their mark.
Everything is political, including growing radishes.
"Everyone makes mistakes." "Especially idiots!"
I don't like meeting new people.
I'm sorry that it has taken me so long to write to you.
It took me a long time to write to you, sorry!
Around the saints roam the devils.
In times of trouble, she would turn to faith.
When you find yourself in a hole, you just have to dig yourself out.
Were we to populate the corpus with unnatural sentences or inaccurate translations, this resource wouldn't be of much use, now would it?
I know that I was wrong.
Krumkake and lefse are popular at our family gatherings.
"Idiot," "moron," and "imbecile" were all once scientific terms referring to specific IQ ranges.
Her grandfather extrapolated an isolated incident at a grocery store into a series of sweeping, unflattering generalizations about every Mexican on earth.
It's impossible to make a generalization with such poorly obtained data.
Making generalizations seems to be in line with how we think since we tend to look for patterns in the world around us.
I didn't know anything.
You're over-the-top in everything you do.
Many people drink water out of the kitchen faucet.
His stupidity is abysmal.
You might be surprised at the outcome.
His understanding of logic is abysmal.
Female driver, constant danger.
Female drivers are a constant danger.
Spinoza was a pantheist.
Man, you're something!
I can't deny it. You've got style.
Shape is very important.
Dima is one badass dude.
Man was not made to live alone.
I want to love and be loved.
Half of you are idiots.
I demand that you correct that observation, Mr. Charles.
Father was trying to correct his mistake.
They had a good reason to be happy about it.
You showed that you were afraid of their reaction.
The future and the past are alike.
Life must be faced and we have to look ahead.
Sometimes we need to look back to know where we are going to.
He had to stay in hospital for a week.
His best friend in the office came to visit him.
Take it easy and get well.
We're sharing your work.
The teacher once suggested to Emma that they should have a child together.
Thomas didn't consider him very intelligent.
This child looks like its father.
I consider myself a clever man.
He is a retired man who volunteers to entertain patients in hospitals.
She told some jokes and sang some funny songs at a patient's beside.
His jokes don't please all patients in the hospital.
We used to play cards all day and night.
I hate to stop a game for my meals.
She could eat while at the same time continue playing videogame.
Shy children never laugh until everyone else does.
Shyness first shows itself at school.
Two out of five children are shy.
Shy students often receive lower grades.
They never know what to say.
Shy people can develop drug dependence as a defense.
He's coming closer.
One is unable to change one's values.
Values can't be changed overnight.
Most people are not open to new values.
One can hardly change one's point of view.
The hole is big enough.
The hole is too small. Keep digging!
Mother always cries when she listens to sad songs.
His 81-year-old grandfather is proud of him.
The lady stayed at home for five days because it was too hot.
Grandpa is not glad to be ninety-six.
Do you hear me well now?
I was doing some shopping downtown.
Now she understands what I mean.
Does she like her new job?
Benjamin is opening that old truck.
At present they're living in Campinas.
My mother usually relaxes and sleeps after lunch.
Everybody knows that you are a liar.
Bad driving and speeding cause accidents.
Does he come here every week?
As a vegetarian, she doesn't eat meat.
You have to deal with impatience!
She is always trying to find happiness.
The soccer player is tying his shoes.
At present I'm working for a big company in Brazil.
Alice is running to catch her bus.
I was offended by the policeman.
I woud risk my life for a good cause.
I want to eat a spicy chicken in a big plate!
It's impossible to release his foot from the trap.
Newscasters blink a lot.
"Hi, is this you?" "Yes, this is me."
The bread really smells good.
Newscasters blink once every second.
One can't change one's set of values.
It's impossible for the bird to escape from the trap.
"How are you?" "I can't complain."
"How are you doing?" "I can't complain."
Buy our newspaper and win a trip to Khmelnytsky!
It looks like the dog wants something to eat.
Follow me!
Informal diction is always full of mystery and surrealism.
Did you say you've seen a UFO? You can't be serious!
Founding your life on illusions is like building a house on a swamp.
Peek-a-boo, I can see you!
She was in the Americas last month.
How do I get to the beach?
Fetch it and put it on the fire.
Women observe and men think.
I found it difficult to put into practice.
Why limit yourself to just one?
You'd better sober up before the boss gets back.
Why would she go out of her way to help a deadbeat like you?
Your timing really sucks.
I'm sorry that I can't be who you want me to be.
If you find yourself trapped by a bear in the forest, your best bet is to drop to the ground and play dead.
How could this happen? I thought you were on the pill.
I can't take this shit anymore.
My brother was threatened by someone waving a gun.
She is still a girl.
Mr. Pierre and his spouse really like my children; I really like their children too.
Just as it is the tendency of great minds to make one hear much with few words, small minds have a talent for talking a lot, and saying nothing.
Trials can teach us many things. And much more than simply words.
You say you've seen a UFO? Come on!
Many people define success as the possession of large amounts of money.
I really like my job.
This knife has served me well.
I have a lot of books.
If people really landed on the moon half a century ago, why haven't they done it again?
Carla, the singer, has a great voice.
The view is so beautiful!
Who's singing with him now?
If the weather is beautiful, if it is ugly, it is my habit to go at 5 in the evening to walk at Palais-Royal.
Hundreds of fans are waiting for the singer.
Santa Claus is dropping from the sky!
I have an object, a task, let me say the word, a passion. The profession of writing is a violent and almost indestructible passion.
Life resembles a novel more often than novels resemble life.
We cannot tear a single page from our life, but we can throw the book into the fire.
Life is a long illness that rarely sleeps and can never be cured.
Masterpieces are only successful attempts.
The truth is too simple, one can only go there by way of the complex.
Masterpieces are but successful attempts.
I'm not a magician.
The group is still performing. Why are you leaving?
Ronaldo? He seems to be traveling.
I liked the sour cherry strudel and the nut filled strudel.
Bill was in his bedroom.
Ted and I are taking our girlfriends to the movies now.
We're studying chemistry. Our lessons aren't difficult.
There were beautiful women at the club last night.
The cat is in its basket.
Mr. Johnson isn't in his house now.
There were two red hats on this table two hours ago.
Are you studying your Portuguese lesson?
There were two famous artists at the hotel.
There were nice pictures on that wall.
Mike is at home. His house is very comfortable.
Thomas is studying in Manaus.
The new bank is on Baker Street.
A horseshoe and a four-leaf clover bring good luck.
Independence day is on September 7th.
My birthday is in July.
Father is cooking dinner in the kitchen now.
They are at 229 Broadway Avenue.
There is milk in the refrigerator.
Who is playing the piano in the living room?
There were strange guys at the bank this morning.
Robert is Brazilian. His father is Canadian.
There was a big rock concert in 1970.
Ewan is working at the supermarket now.
Beliefs are a product of our imagination.
He angrily closed the door.
I believe it to be him.
I believe it to be he.
The station is two meters away.
I am making too many mistakes.
I wish I was young again.
There's nothing better than taking a nice walk.
What were you up to last night?
Who was the telephone invented by?
I haven't kept any secrets from you.
When is the Apocalypse?
The fault of another is a good teacher.
I know a guy named Smith.
I am acquainted with one Mr. Smith.
I heard you.
Lonely people perpetuate their own loneliness through their fear of others.
Lonely people tend to be afraid of meeting others, which ensures they will always be lonely.
This has been the driest six months in thirty years.
Remember!
I'm not sure about this.
She's only a child.
Your accent is top notch!
You are seriously ill.
She's leaving the country in six months.
Someone named Henry wanted to see you.
We thought that it was natural that he should be punished.
Will you allow me to play the piano?
It's healthy to be mad.
It's healthy to be crazy.
Trying to impress the girls, Martin?
I don't give a shit about it.
They went fishing yesterday.
I don't like telling him the truth.
I don't like telling you the truth.
What is true is too simple, it can only be achieved by way of the complex.
Fear the revenge of the gherkin!
A cup of coffee cleared up my headache.
Do they have any good news?
John is still taking journalism classes at night.
They're leaving for the church now.
Mary is a big fan of theirs.
Everyone else is sleeping.
The group is introducing some songs from their new album.
The president is flying into town by helicopter.
I'm standing outside the church right now.
Thania's job is temporary.
They perform at Theatro Dom Pedro II all week.
There is much information to review.
Susan is working very hard these days.
The fans want to get their autographs.
Mike is waiting downstairs.
Afterwards I want to go to the hotel.
I'm preparing to interview my favorite group.
The writer is working on his new book.
Why is he touring again?
I'm so excited to see her after such a long time.
Why don't you take the cat out with you?
Many fans are gathering in front of the singer's car.
The company I worked for was downsizing. Unfortunately, I lost my job.
Tell your mother about the trip.
Envy is one of the seven deadly sins.
The trap is made of strong chains.
Birds are trapped by a lot of villagers.
He disliked school.
People use computers for both games and work.
Would you enjoy working from home?
Because he was color-blind, Dalton's eye was not like that of most people.
Peter and Emma are just friends. There's nothing between him and her.
People want to find happiness easily.
All the girls think it is right.
Working at home, parents can spend more time at home with their children.
As a child, Einstein was late in learning to talk.
I don't fear the closeness between different peoples.
Most of what you learn can be got out of books.
This tool belongs to the man. Please, take it to him.
All the other boys laughed at him.
I can't believe you haven't even started it!
Father lost his job.
Father got laid off.
My nephew seldom puts his things in order.
The conversation between the singer and me was long.
He couldn't speak because the audience was too noisy.
I never visit my sister.
Einstein, at school, wasn't a bright boy.
More and more people have computers in their home.
They are in trouble. Can you help them?
Your son is playing with my tool. Tell him I need it here right now.
It was too cloudy to see the airplane.
We should study together.
On the other hand, there are some disadvantages.
Why has Thales been so withdrawn lately?
This road isn't very safe.
Working at home, the stress of travelling to work disappears.
The street is damaged.
He didn't really go to the church.
There were too many people there.
Some of the members were too noisy.
Next time, review more carefully.
The teacher said that you need to master the subject.
Water is much needed.
Your friendship is very important to me.
No matter how you look at it, Satoshi Kon was a top class director and mangaka.
Those plans seem nearly identical to me.
Those plans look almost the same to me.
We went biking in the woods yesterday.
What more could you want?
Who could ask for anything more?
A museum is a great place to find a date.
Dr. Thatcher diagnosed her patient with generalized anxiety disorder because his symptoms didn't point to other diagnoses.
She accompanied him on the piano.
She accompanied him to Japan.
She accused him of having lied to her.
She admired him.
She adores him.
She sold him her car.
She told him her age.
She advised him about what to do.
She advised him against doing it.
She advised him not to believe everything the teacher says.
She advised him not to borrow money from his friends.
She advised him not to buy a used car, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him not to buy a used car.
She advised him not to do that.
She advised him not to drink too much.
She advised him not to drive too fast, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him not to drive too fast.
She advised him not to eat between meals.
She advised him not to go there by himself.
She advised him not to go.
She advised him not to smoke.
She advised him not to spend all his money on his girlfriend.
She advised him not to use too much salt, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him not to use too much salt.
She advised him of the date for the next meeting.
She advised him on how to stay healthy.
She advised him on that matter.
She advised him on what books to read.
She advised him on which book to buy.
She advised him to save money.
She advised him to stay in bed for two more days.
She advised him that he should stay at home.
She advised him to be more careful.
She advised him to be punctual.
She advised him to become a teacher.
She advised him to catch the first train in the morning.
She advised him to come back at once.
She advised him to come by 2:30.
She advised him to cut down on smoking, but he didn't think that he could.
She advised him to cut down on smoking.
She advised him to do more exercise.
She advised him to drink more milk, but he didn't think this was good advice.
She advised him to drink more milk.
She advised him to exercise.
She advised him to fasten his seat belt.
She advised him to get exercise every day.
She advised him to get more exercise.
She advised him to give up drinking.
She advised him to give up smoking, but he wouldn't listen to her.
She advised him to give up smoking.
She advised him to go abroad while he was still young.
She advised him to go by bicycle.
She advised him to go home early.
She advised him to go on a strict diet.
She advised him to go there alone, but he didn't think that was good advice.
She advised him to go there alone.
She advised him to go there.
She advised him to go to the hospital, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him to go to the hospital.
She advised him to go to the police station, but he was afraid to.
She advised him to go to the police station.
She advised him to go to the police.
She advised him to keep his promises.
She advised him to leave earlier.
She advised him to listen to his doctor.
She advised him to lose weight.
She advised him to read more books.
She advised him to read those books.
She advised him to see a lawyer, so he did.
She advised him to see a lawyer.
She advised him to see the dentist, but he said that he didn't have enough time to do so.
She advised him to see the dentist.
She advised him to stop drinking.
She advised him to stop smoking.
She advised him to stop taking that medicine, but he felt he needed to.
She advised him to stop taking that medicine.
She advised him to stop working so much.
She advised him to study harder.
She advised him to take a long holiday, so he immediately quit work and took a trip around the world.
She advised him to take a long holiday.
She advised him to take a rest, but he didn't follow her advice.
She advised him to take a rest.
She advised him to take better care of himself.
She advised him to take the medicine.
She advised him to take the money.
She advised him to talk about his life in America.
She advised him to tell his girlfriend that he loved her.
She advised him to visit Boston, because she thought it was the most beautiful city in the world.
She advised him to visit that museum.
She advised him to walk instead of taking a bus.
She advised him to work harder.
She advised him where he should stay.
She advised him where to stay.
She advises him on how to stay healthy.
She advises him on technical matters.
She agreed with him on what to do with the old car.
She agreed with him that I should go to the meeting.
She agreed with him.
She allegedly killed him in self defense.
She allegedly killed him.
She allegedly murdered him.
She always says nice things about him, especially when he's around.
She always says nice things about him.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice because he's hard of hearing.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She announced her engagement to him.
She apologized for having offended him.
She apologized to him for being late.
She approached him with a smile on her face.
She argued with him about money.
She argued with him about their children's education.
She argued with him and then hit him.
She asked him for some money to buy a new dress.
She asked him for some money.
She asked him how to get to the station.
She asked him how to turn on the machine.
She asked him if he knew my telephone number.
She asked him if he knew where I lived.
She asked him if he was a student at this school.
She asked him if he was happy.
She asked him if he was Joseph.
She asked him out on a date, but he said no since he thought girls should not ask boys out.
She asked him out on a date.
She asked him questions that he couldn't answer.
She asked him questions.
She asked him some questions, but he refused to answer.
She asked him some questions.
She asked him to call her later, but he forgot to.
She asked him to call her later.
She asked him to come into her house, but he refused.
She asked him to come into her house.
She asked him to give her some money so she could go to a restaurant with her friends.
She asked him to give her some money.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage, but he said that he was too busy to help.
She asked him to help her father clean the garage.
She asked him to marry her because he wouldn't ask her.
She asked him to marry her.
She asked him to not quit his job because they were poor and needed the money.
She asked him to not quit his job.
She asked him to read it for her because she had lost her glasses.
She asked him to read it for her.
She asked him to stay, but he didn't want to.
She asked him to stay, but he had to go to work.
She asked him where he lived, but he was too smart to tell her.
She asked him where he lived.
She asked him where Jessie was.
She asked him why he was crying, but he didn't answer.
She asked him why he was crying.
She asked me what had become of him, but I didn't know.
She asked me what had become of him.
She assured him that everything was OK.
She attacked him with a baseball bat.
She attacked him with a pair of scissors.
She attacked him with her fists.
She attacked him.
She avoided him whenever possible.
She beat him to death with a golf club.
She beat him to death.
She begged him to stay.
She believed him when he said he loved her.
She bit him.
She blackmailed him.
She blamed him for all her problems.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She borrowed the book from him.
She bought a shirt for him to wear to the party.
She bought a shirt for him.
She bought him a camera that was too big to fit in his shirt pocket.
She bought him a camera.
She bought him a car, but he didn't have a driver's license so he couldn't drive it anywhere.
She bought him a car.
She bought him a dog.
She bought him a dog. However, he was allergic to dogs, so they had to give it away.
She bought him a sweater, but he hated the color.
She bought him a ticket.
She bought him some candy.
She brought him to our place to meet my parents.
She brought him to our place.
She called him a fool.
She called him a liar.
She called him bad names.
She called him every bad name she knew.
She called him every other day.
She called him on the phone.
She called him to say that she'd be late.
She called him.
She called to tell him that she'd be late.
She calls him every night and talks for at least an hour.
She calls him every night.
She caught him cheating on a test.
She caught him smoking a cigarette.
She choked him with her bare hands.
She choked him.
She claims that she knows nothing about him, but I don't believe her.
She claims that she knows nothing about him.
She complained to him about everything.
She complained to him about the food.
She complained to him about the noise.
She confronted him and demanded an apology.
She cooked a special dinner for him.
She cooks for him every day, but he doesn't appreciate it.
She cooks for him every day.
She cooks for him.
She couldn't convince him to accept a personal check.
She couldn't convince him to accept the bribe.
She couldn't convince him to ask for a loan.
She couldn't convince him to buy her a new car.
She couldn't convince him to give a speech.
She couldn't convince him to go home.
She couldn't convince him to ride a horse.
She couldn't convince him to write a song for her.
She couldn't fall asleep because she was thinking about him.
She couldn't help feeling sorry for him.
She couldn't take her eyes off him.
She cremated him against his wishes.
She cremated him within 24 hours of his death.
She danced with him at the high school prom.
She danced with him.
She decided to marry him even though her parents didn't want her to.
She decided to marry him.
She defeated him.
She deliberately exposed him to danger.
She denied having met him even though we saw them talking to each other.
She denied having met him.
She despises him.
She devoted herself to him.
She did her best never to think of him.
She did her best to help him.
She did her best to persuade him.
She did her best to rescue him.
She didn't even try to do the right thing.
She didn't even try to help.
She didn't intend to let him drive.
She didn't intend to let him kiss her.
She didn't like him at first.
She didn't press him for an explanation.
She didn't try to evade the truth.
She didn't try to translate the letter.
She didn't want him to die.
She didn't want him to go out with other women.
She didn't want him to go overseas.
She didn't want him to leave the room.
She didn't want him to pamper the children.
She didn't want him to play poker.
She didn't want him to stay any longer.
She disguised herself as him.
She divorced him after many years of unhappiness.
She divorced him last year.
She divorced him.
She doesn't listen to him.
She doesn't live with him.
She doesn't want him to buy an expensive engagement ring.
She doesn't want him to go to Boston.
She doesn't want him to pick the flowers.
She dumped him because she thought he was a jerk.
She dumped him for a richer man.
She dumped him for a younger man.
She dumped him.
She expected him to buy her an expensive gift.
She expected him to leave town.
She expected him to solve the problem.
She expected him to take the bribe.
She explained to him how to solve the puzzle.
She explained to him why she couldn't visit him.
She explained to him why she didn't like his parents.
She explained to him why she was late for his party.
She explained to him why she was late.
She fell in love with him the first time she met him.
She first met him at a conference in Boston.
She first met him in Boston.
She first met him when they were students.
She followed him home; then killed him.
She followed him home to find out where he lived.
She followed him home.
She fooled him.
She forced him to do it.
She forced him to eat his vegetables.
She forced him to eat spinach.
She forced him to sit down.
She forgave him for killing her father.
She forgave him for losing all her money.
She forgave him.
She forgot that she bought him a present.
She forgot that she had promised to call him last night.
She forgot to write him.
She found him a seat.
She found him handsome.
She found him standing near the entrance.
She gave him a big smile.
She gave him a book.
She gave him a lot of money.
She gave him a massage.
She gave him a nice present.
She gave him a piece of paper.
She gave him a present.
She gave him a sweater on his birthday.
She gave him a sweater.
She gave him all the money that she had.
She gave him an expensive watch.
She gave him his first kiss.
She gave him mixed signals.
She gave him some food.
She gave him something cold to drink.
She gave him something hot to drink.
She gave him something to drink.
She gave him the brush off.
She gets along well with him.
She gives him everything he asks for.
She gives him the creeps.
She got engaged to him.
She got him a new hat.
She got him drunk.
She got him into trouble.
She got him to do anything she wanted him to do.
She got him to do everything she wanted him to do.
She got him to drive all the way to Boston.
She got him to drive.
She got him to eat his vegetables.
She got married to him.
She got no answer from him.
She got the money from him even though he said that he wouldn't give it to her.
She got the money from him.
She grabbed him by the hand and pulled him onto the boat.
She grabbed him by the hand.
She greeted him cheerfully as she always did.
She greeted him cheerfully.
She greets him every morning as he enters the school building.
She greets him every morning.
She had a good time talking with him about his trip.
She had a good time talking with him.
She handed him a book.
She handed him his jacket then opened the door and asked him to leave.
She handed him his jacket.
She handed him the money that she owed him.
She handed him the money.
She has been dating him for about two years.
She has forgiven him for everything.
She has forgiven him.
She has him under her thumb.
She has known him for a long time.
She has known him since they were very young.
She has never been in a car driven by him.
She has never danced with him.
She has never gone on a date with him.
She has never seen him.
She has never sung a song with him.
She has never visited him.
She has nothing in common with him.
She hated him so much that our family could never go and visit him.
She hated him so much.
She hates him.
She heard him cry in the middle of the night.
She heard him cry.
She heard him scream, so she ran into his bedroom.
She heard him scream.
She heard him sing his favorite song.
She heard him sing.
She held him by the sleeve.
She held him tightly and never wanted to let go.
She held him tightly.
She helped him tie his tie because he didn't know how to.
She helped him tie his tie.
She helped him.
She helps him.
She herself gave him something to eat.
She herself helped him because no one else would.
She herself helped him.
She hired him as an interpreter because she had heard that he was the best.
She hired him as an interpreter.
She hired him.
She hit him again and again.
She hit him hard.
She hit him with a hammer.
She hit him.
She hit me, not him.
She hugged him.
She idolized him.
She ignored him all day.
She ignored him almost all day.
She ignored him pretty much all day.
She ignored him until he became rich.
She ignores him completely.
She insulted him.
She intended to go shopping with her mother, but her mother was busy.
She intended to go shopping.
She intends to play tennis this afternoon with her father.
She intends to play tennis tomorrow afternoon.
She intends to play tennis.
She interrupted him while he was speaking to my father.
She interrupted him while he was speaking.
She introduced her sister to him more than two years ago.
She introduced her sister to him.
She introduced me to him at the party.
She invited him in for a cup of coffee.
She invited him in.
She invited him to her party.
She is being blackmailed by him.
She is blackmailing him.
She is cooking for him.
She is distantly related to him.
She is engaged to him.
She is good at imitating him.
She is helping him.
She is in love with him.
She is kind to him.
She is kissing him.
She is listening to him.
She is on friendly terms with him.
She is related to him by marriage.
She is related to him.
She isn't good enough for him.
She isn't kind to him.
She isn't kind to him. In fact, she's not kind to anyone.
She kicked him hard.
She kicked him.
She killed him with a knife.
She kissed him on the cheek.
She kissed him on the forehead.
She kissed him.
She kissed me, not him.
She knelt beside him and asked him what his name was.
She knelt beside him.
She knew better than to argue with him.
She knew better than to tell him such a story.
She knit him a sweater for his birthday.
She knit him a sweater.
She knows better than to argue with him.
She lay awake for hours thinking about him.
She liked Charles as soon as she met him.
She likes him.
She listens to him even though no one else does.
She listens to him.
She lived with him all her life.
She lives with him in a small apartment.
She lives with him.
She looked at him and knew that he was angry.
She looked at him angrily.
She looked at him with a smile on her face.
She looked him right in the eye.
She loved him with all her heart.
She loves him now more than she did before.
She loves him.
She made a bet with him.
She made friends with him in Boston.
She made him a cake for his party.
She made him a new coat.
She made him a simple dinner.
She made him clean his room.
She made him do it.
She made him rich.
She made it clear that she couldn't make it in time for the meeting.
She made it clear that she wanted to go for a swim.
She made it plain that she wanted to go to college.
She made it plain that she wanted to marry him.
She made up her mind to go to college.
She made up her mind to graduate from high school.
She makes him do his homework before dinner.
She married him even though she didn't like him.
She married him for his money.
She married him only because her parents made her.
She may have argued with him, but I don't think she could have hit him.
She met him for breakfast.
She met him on the beach.
She met him only recently.
She met him this morning.
She might have met him yesterday.
She missed him a lot.
She misses him, especially on rainy days.
She misses him.
She named him Charles.
She needs him more than he needs her.
She never thinks about him.
She nursed him back to health.
She obeys him no matter what he tells her to do.
She obeys him.
She often calls him names.
She often goes to the movies with him.
She often takes advantage of his ignorance.
She ordered him to clean up his room.
She ordered him to do it.
She owes him a lot of money, but she probably won't be able to pay it back.
She owes him a lot of money.
She persuaded him to do it even though she knew it wasn't a good idea.
She persuaded him to do it.
She persuaded him to marry her.
She phoned him as soon as she got home.
She picked him up at the station.
She pinched him.
She pleaded with him to not leave.
She pleaded with him to stay a little bit longer.
She pleaded with him to stay.
She pointed her finger at him accusingly.
She pointed her finger at him.
She praised him for his honesty.
She presented him with the trophy.
She pressured him to quit his job.
She pressured him to quit.
She prodded him to work harder.
She promised that she would meet him after school.
She promised to marry him, but she didn't.
She promised to marry him.
She promised to meet him last night, but she never showed up.
She promised to meet him last night.
She pulled him out of the mud.
She pushed him off the pier.
She pushed him out the door.
She pushed him out the window.
She raced him down the hill.
She recognized him immediately.
She rejected him.
She reminded him to go to the bank.
She reminds him of his mother.
She repulses him.
She returned his kiss.
She revealed the secret to him.
She risked her life to save him.
She said nothing that would make him angry.
She said something to him.
She said that she would follow him no matter where he went.
She sat next to him and listened quietly.
She sat next to him wishing she were somewhere else.
She sat next him with her eyes closed.
She sat next to him on the bus.
She sat next to him.
She saw him at the station.
She saw him break the window.
She saw him driving his new car.
She saw him eating a sandwich.
She saw him smile.
She scolded him because he left the door open.
She scolded him for being late.
She scolded him for not doing his homework.
She scolded him for not mowing the lawn.
She scolded him.
She sent him a long letter.
She sent him a message.
She sent him a postcard from Boston.
She sent him a postcard.
She shooed him outdoors.
She shook hands with him.
She shot him with a machine gun.
She shot him with a pistol.
She shot him with a rifle.
She shot him.
She shouted to him, but he didn't hear her.
She shouted to him.
She showed him a picture of her high school.
She showed him how to use the new software.
She showed him my picture.
She showed him to his seat.
She slapped him.
She smiled at him uneasily.
She smiled at him.
She spoke to him about the matter.
She stabbed him in the back.
She stabbed him with a knife.
She stabbed him.
She stared at him and that made him very nervous.
She stared at him in astonishment.
She stared at him with hatred.
She stared him in the face.
She started kissing him as soon as he got home.
She started pursuing him before he became famous.
She startled him.
She stays in touch with him.
She still loves him even though he doesn't love her anymore.
She still loves him.
She stole a lot of money from him, so now she is in prison.
She stole a lot of money from him.
She stood as close to him as she could.
She stood close to him.
She sued him.
She suffocated him with a pillow.
She suggested that I give it to him right away.
She suggested that I go to the store with him.
She suggested that I should clean the bathroom.
She suggested that I take him to the zoo.
She suggested that I write to him at once.
She surprised him when she arrived early.
She surprised him with a kiss.
She surprised him with a small gift.
She talked him into accepting the bribe.
She talked him into buying a new house.
She talked him into buying her a diamond ring.
She talked him into going to the concert.
She talked him into quitting his job.
She taught him everything she knew.
She taught him how to play the piano.
She taught him the tricks of the trade.
She teased him.
She tells him to give her all of his salary and he does.
She tempted him.
She thanked him for all his help.
She thanked him for his help.
She thinks about him all the time.
She thinks about him when she's feeling lonely.
She thought she could get him to like her.
She threatened him.
She threw him out.
She tied him to the chair.
She tied him up.
She told him a joke, but he didn't laugh.
She told him a joke, but he didn't think it was funny.
She told him a joke.
She told him all about her childhood.
She told him not to worry.
She told him that he was right.
She told him that her father had died.
She told him that it would rain all day.
She told him that she believed in astrology.
She told him that she didn't love him.
She told him that she had seen me there last week.
She told him that she loved him.
She told him that she was happy.
She told him that she was leaving.
She told him that she was sad.
She told him to rewrite his resume.
She told him to stop.
She told him to study.
She told him to try harder.
She told him where to put the suitcase.
She took him for all his money.
She took him to the lake.
She took him to the store.
She took him to the zoo.
She took pity on him.
She touched him on the shoulder.
She treated him like a king.
She treated him very well.
She tried to comfort him, but he kept crying.
She tried to persuade him not to decline the offer.
She tried to persuade him to attend the meeting.
She tried to persuade him to buy her a pearl necklace.
She tried to persuade him to go with her.
She tried to persuade him to organize a boycott.
She trusts him with her life.
She trusts him with her money.
She trusts him.
She understands him.
She urged him to consider the request.
She urged him to drive carefully.
She urged him to study harder.
She used to date him.
She used to enjoy being with him.
She used to go mountain climbing with him.
She used to hate him.
She used to help him with his homework.
She used to live near him.
She used to live with him.
She used to love him.
She used to play tennis with him.
She visited him in Boston.
She visited him on October 20th.
She visited him once a year.
She visits him quite often, but never stays very long.
She visits him twice a year.
She volunteered to go to the meeting with him.
She volunteered to help him.
She waited for him to call.
She waited for him to come home.
She wakes him up every day at 6:30.
She walked as fast as she could to catch up with him.
She walked past him without even noticing him.
She walked up to him and asked him what his name was.
She wanted him to help her father.
She wanted him to say that he loved her.
She wanted him to say that he would pay the bill.
She wanted him to sing her a song.
She wanted him to stay longer.
She wants him to be her friend.
She wants him to be just a friend.
She wants him.
She wants to go out with him.
She wants to hug him.
She wants to kiss him.
She wants to meet him again.
She wants to play golf with him.
She warned him not to go out at night alone.
She was about to call him up when he walked in the door.
She was advised by him not to borrow money from his friends.
She was advised by him not to go there by herself.
She was advised by him not to go.
She was advised by him on how to stay healthy.
She was advised by him on that matter.
She was advised by him to be more careful.
She was advised by him to be punctual.
She was advised by him to come back at once.
She was advised by him to get more exercise.
She was advised by him to give up drinking.
She was advised by him to give up smoking.
She was advised by him to go abroad while she was still young.
She was advised by him to go to the police.
She was advised by him to listen to her doctor.
She was advised by him to lose weight.
She was advised by him to stop smoking.
She was advised by him to work harder.
She was already in love with him.
She was asked not to speak at the meeting.
She was asked to convince him to get his son or someone else to paint the house.
She was asked to convince him to get his son to paint the house.
She was asked to convince him to paint the house.
She was asked to give him some money.
She was asked to help him paint the house.
She was blackmailed by him.
She was brought up by him.
She was determined never to talk to him again.
She was humiliated by him.
She was kissed by him.
She was looking forward to going sailing with him.
She was looking forward to going to a movie with him.
She was looking forward to playing table tennis with him.
She was looking forward to spending time with him.
She was ready to give him back all his money.
She was ready to help him with cleaning the house.
She was ready to help him with washing the car.
She was stupid enough to believe him.
She was stupid enough to go out with him.
She was supposed to attend the party with him.
She was supposed to call him at 2:30.
She was the first one to help him.
She was the first one to pay attention to him.
She was unable to completely give up her dream of traveling abroad.
She was unable to completely give up her hope of marrying him.
She was very rude to him.
She wasn't able to contact him by phone.
She wasn't able to meet him.
She wasn't able to talk to him.
She wasn't dancing with him then.
She wasn't friendly with him then.
She wasn't polite to him.
She watched him and the other boys playing baseball.
She watched him continue to fight as hard as he could.
She watched him dance.
She watched him draw a picture.
She watched him drawing a picture.
She watched him eat.
She watched him swim.
She waved at him.
She went for a walk with him this morning.
She went shopping with him last Monday.
She went to see him in the hospital every day.
She went to see him reluctantly.
She went to see him the other day.
She went to see him while he was staying in Boston.
She went to the airport to see him off.
She went to the station to see him off.
She went to the train station to see him off.
She went with him to Boston.
She went with him to the movies.
She went with him to the zoo.
She went with him.
She whispered something to him.
She witnessed him being killed.
She woke him up.
She worships him and the ground he walks on.
She worships him.
She wouldn't be happy with him.
She wouldn't even speak to him.
She wouldn't give him a gift.
She wouldn't give him the time of day.
She wouldn't go for a walk with him.
She wouldn't speak to him.
She writes to him every week.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
She wrote him a long letter, but she didn't mail it.
She wrote to him to tell him how wonderful he was.
She wrote to him to tell him that she couldn't come to visit next summer.
She wrote to him to tell him that she loved him.
She'd like him to come to her house at 2:30.
She'd like him to get in touch with her as soon as possible.
She'd like him to leave right away.
She'll be having dinner with him at this time tomorrow.
She'll love him forever.
She'll tell him about it when she comes back.
She's much happier than him.
She's much heavier than him.
She's older than him.
She's smarter than him.
She's taller than him.
She's two years older than him.
She's two years younger than him.
She's younger than him.
In Shogi, silver generals, lances, knights, and pawns all promote to gold generals.
She's two years younger than he.
She's two years older than he.
I couldn't be gladder!
This is the gladdest I've seen him since his mother died. He'd been in a funk for so long and, God, I was so worried about him.
She didn't advise him to do it.
She bought a couple of boots.
No gain, no lose, we are fully equal.
Life is not an empty shell.
Do not tell me what to do.
I as a human being, need respect.
I loved freedom all my life.
Sinicization is a process that is deeply rooted in the cultural dynamics of China.
She asked him to help his father to clean the garage, but he said he was too busy to help.
I live just over there.
Who does this suitcase here belong to?
To me, there aren't any fundamental differences between the cultures of these two countries.
We're all human beings, so in my opinion each country's culture is 90% the same.
Although people like to focus on the differences, I think that on the whole it's the same.
When answering this question, some people might put forward this kind of example: "Chinese people are very hospitable, whilst English people are more reserved."
Maybe this opinion is correct.
However, I've never been a guest in an English household that wasn't generous.
It seems that everyone likes to be generous in welcoming guests to their home.
If there are genuine differences between these two cultures, I think that the largest are certainly in what you think about foreigners studying your native language.
I think that English people might be more used to language learners than people in other countries.
This is due to English being a world language.
There are many people in the world studying English, so English people are used to learners' non-standard accents, their grammatical errors and so on.
The result is that English people usually have no problem understanding what foreigners say.
Of course, another explanation of this situation is that Chinese is harder to learn than English.
Furthermore, I still don't think this a huge cultural difference.
He was on the roof with his electric guitar.
People said that he is insane.
You need a bit of courage to say that you love him.
Sure!
I didn't know where to go.
Teach me how to fold a paper crane. I forgot how to fold it.
Doing your homework while watching TV, that's obviously wrong.
This page is not nicely printed so print it again.
It looks like tomorrow will be a very hot summer day.
I get weirdly sleepy when I listen to this song.
Don't say that you can't do it before trying. You're not even doing it so how can you say that you can't do it?
Mother, I'm sorry for causing you trouble all the time.
Please come home sometimes.
You're working hard, eh. But don't push yourself too hard.
If you go by Shinkansen, you'll be there in no time.
After, cook it on a low flame for 30 minutes and you're done.
These charred bits are tasty.
I've been having a terrible headache since last night, I feel horrible, it's the worst feeling.
You'll fatten up if you eat that much.
I'm completely wet because of the heavy rain. Will you come and pick me up with your car?
Staying up late at night is very bad for your skin.
How was today's test?
Will it really be OK with this? Will it go well?
I'm itchy from mosquito bites. Do you have something for it?
What do you intend to do from now on? Do you have an objective?
I already told you not to smoke in your room.
Are you joking or are you serious when you say this?
If you ever decide to sell your old record collection, I want first dibs!
Speak gently to everyone.
Whether it rains or shines, it is my habit to take a walk around the Palais-Royal at five o'clock.
My worst apprehensions have come true.
Will you please act for me in the matter?
Can you please tell me your name once more?
What's this song? I've heard it before, but I can't remember the name.
I think that it might rain.
Man plans things, but the gods decide.
Appetite comes with eating, the thirst goes away with drinking.
The entire village left the next day in about thirty canoes, leaving us alone with the women and children in the abandoned houses.
She asked him to help his father clean the garage.
I don't want to go to school today.
Don't tantalize me.
I thought that was the case.
Let's be friends forever.
Let's always be friends.
If you cheat on me again, I definitely won't forgive you.
You can't believe anything that guy says.
You can't trust anything he says.
It would be great if we could meet again.
It's very windy and my hair got messed up.
My hair is a mess because the wind is very strong.
Isn't that skirt too short?
That skirt's too short, isn't it?
Wow, that looks tasty.
Wow! That looks delicious.
She likes red bayberries.
She likes Chinese bayberries.
Your face looks pale. Are you OK? Maybe it would be better if you went to the hospital, don't you think?
Hot weather will continue, so please watch out for food poisoning.
I'm anxious whether I'll do well at this new job.
Babies can become dehydrated from a high fever, so I was told that it would be better to send him to the hospital.
Don't put bell peppers in the bento.
My legs hurt because I walked a lot today.
It's about time you get an oil change on that car.
What clothes do you think I should put on to go to my date tomorrow?
I'm Tanaka and I just moved in next door. Please treat me well.
There's a huge spider in the room! Quick, exterminate it!
Please sit here and wait.
When you say this, you sound just like father.
I'm sorry. Tanaka is not there for the moment.
These items are 1000 yen for three.
Please sit on this chair and wait.
With those results, you won't be able to go to university.
The anpan from Kimura is really good.
It's the first sunny day in a long time, so the clothes should dry in no time.
Come on, tell me your cellphone email address.
And who would you be?
Make ten copies of that document and bring it to conference room number 1.
Buy some tofu on your way home.
By Jove! I forgot my wallet!
Oh no! I forgot my wallet.
That cake looks good too. Give me a small piece.
I love the girl I met yesterday.
Have you read the "Liaisons Dangereuses"?
My girlfriend also loves to drink.
I'm learning Czech.
The president fled from the capital.
How much for those trousers?
His wife teaches me Italian.
He's drawing a sketch of an apple.
Japan depends on Arab countries for oil.
Gods created women to tame men.
Two children are sitting on top of the fence.
Sleep is more pleasant than death. At least, there's not much difference.
Tom is a university student.
Are you a student or are you working?
I'm Farshad.
You two are really kind.
I'm happy when you're there.
I think it's better you stay here until the snow stops.
That day, it rained on and off all day.
If you don't understand, ask a question.
I can't drink alcohol.
Wisdom is a treasure for eternity.
On December 27th of the 12th year of the Taisho era, the crown prince was shot at by Nanba Daisuke.
Enter in a contractual agreement with me and become a young magical girl!
Please put your seal here.
I work in the State Department.
She went to Europe via America.
He bound the clothes together with a string.
It is feared that radiation will spread across every region of Japan, starting with Tokyo.
Play the Humppa!
If you want to learn a language well, learn it by yourself.
Maria called her Brasilian mother.
This thing is not a bear. It is the corpse of a bear.
Come!
The young woman was fighting the deadly illness, her heart full of hope.
When people are killed, they die.
What does the word "Tatoeba" mean?
There's a strong probability of a nuclear tragedy.
You must be seen by a doctor.
After being whipped, the prisoner replied.
In other words, you're stupid.
That girl is good-looking.
Mom is preparing a meal in the kitchen.
This is a strange sentence.
The man ate the bread.
When we married my parents gave me a house.
We are determined to protect the motherland.
In Hawaii, you can cruise all year round.
School was not essential in their lives.
He received an orphan.
There are many tourists in town.
Have you finished ordering?
Did you come to town?
That's very tall!
This is too expensive!
Wow, that's so big.
Laughter is a feature of mankind.
He plays baseball tomorrow.
I am working hard trying to learn English.
I can't speak French well.
I live in Canton.
That's Tony's book.
I love her so much I would die for her.
I don't understand Dutch. It's difficult.
The dog seems sick.
Stow away carefully the clothes you removed.
Want to drink something?
It's a no parking area here.
The old selection process for judges was very unfair.
Through the internet, we are now able to acquaint ourselves, deeply and in detail, with the mental activities of even the furthest people on the planet.
There is no smoking here.
I'm a big fan of Getter Jaani.
Check the suitability of the blood for transfusion.
There have been a lot of clothes lately that fit tightly and I don't like it. I prefer clothes with a loose design.
You can take up to ten books at the library.
Move quietly.
Shall we stop soon?
Let's stop here for today.
I can't stand cowards.
He leads a hectic life.
Nothing is holy.
The telephone is broken.
She might possibly know the answer.
There's a chance that she might know the answer.
If you are late in the morning, you will be late the whole day.
The wish to talk to God is absurd. We cannot talk to one we cannot comprehend.
Religion is too important a matter to its devotees to be a subject of ridicule. If they indulge in absurdities, they are to be pitied rather than ridiculed.
By a lie a man throws away and, as it were, annihilates his dignity as a man.
I would only believe in a God that knows how to dance.
No one dances sober, unless he is insane.
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.
Then I sang a silly song about an ant who tried to wrestle a chewing gum.
What colour is Henri IV's white horse?
I bought a green couch yesterday, but I couldn't fit it through the door, so I had to return it.
That must be the reddest pimple in history.
I have drunken deep of joy, and I will taste no other wine tonight.
Mu shu pork is my speciality.
The more we study, the more we discover our ignorance.
The noise woke them up.
The noise woke her up.
I watched them skin a human being that day.
Whatever makes you happy.
Did you buy a return ticket?
Please speak kindly to everyone.
If the times go against you, then go with the times.
It's not the person that's ugly, but the clothes.
He has bad reputation of being dishonest.
I want to die with Getter Jaani.
And finally, twelve points to Estonia!
Storytelling rekindles the interest in narrative.
Data curation is the art of pampering data in a way that doesn't look like doctoring.
Gentlemen, at the beginning of this century, France was for all nations a magnificent sight.
The girls who go, sickle on their shoulders, to cut alfalfa for the rabbits.
Knowledge is like manure, it's only good when spread.
Charm is deceptive, and beauty is fleeting; but a woman who fears the LORD is to be praised.
Whatever happens, we have to be prepared.
You say that it is your custom to burn widows. Very well. We also have a custom: when men burn a woman alive, we tie a rope around their necks and we hang them. Build your funeral pyre; beside it, my carpenters will build a gallows. You may follow your custom. And then we will follow ours.
The human mind is never better disposed to gratitude and attachment than when softened by fear.
The more things change, the more they're the same.
You don't want to get lost, so take your mother's hand.
Good, good, you're a sweet child so you're going to bed now.
Did you know that if you mixed red and blue paint you obtained purple?
It was a scary movie. I think I'll have nightmares about it tonight.
You're ten years too young to be driving a Lexus.
This painting is nicely done. It looks just like Mom.
I can tell whether it's Dad or not by the sound of his footsteps.
TV's boring today.
You can't just answer emails from people you don't know.
I can't eat that much food by myself.
Even though the accident was six months ago, my neck still hurts.
Maybe it's time to change my hair and do a makeover.
I can think of him as a very good friend, but I can't think of him as a lover.
Aah, I'm somewhat angry!
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
Friends: a family of which we chose the members.
I must clean the bathroom right away.
We must trust women as much as we can trust the weather.
Cenovis is delicious.
Vegemite is awesome.
He broke up with his girlfriend; that's why he often tries to kill himself.
At first, I didn't like it, but it gradually became fun.
It's too late to apologize now.
Those without knowledge can do nothing, and those who can do nothing can eat nothing.
Do you have a complaint to make?
Do you have a problem with this?
Did you read this morning's paper? There was something written about students from this school.
There is nothing wrong with knowledge obtained by asking.
I don't know whether I can do it, but I'll try.
It's disgusting that you're sleeping in the movie theatre even though you came to see a movie!
If you burn yourself, quickly cool the burn with water.
The knee wound is now festering.
There's a thorn in my finger and I can't get it out.
You're in a good mood today. Did something nice happen?
Ouch! I stuck my finger in the door!
There are no difficult things in the world, but only weak-hearted people.
Life is merely a hospital where patients are possessed with the desire to change beds.
One drop of this poison is enough to kill 160 people.
Yesterday, I talked for 3 hours with my boyfriend. We haven't seen each other for a week.
I will return at 6:30.
Women guess everything; they're only wrong when they think.
Everything is but a dream.
To conceal anything from those to whom I am attached, is not in my nature. I can never close my lips where I have opened my heart.
There is very little difference between one man and another; but what little there is, is very important.
The monuments of wit survive the monuments of power.
I do plainly and ingenuously confess that I am guilty of corruption, and do renounce all defense. I beseech your Lordships to be merciful to a broken reed.
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.
In charity there is no excess.
Riches are for spending.
He'll never beat me.
No matter how experienced is the woman, a pure young man will be able to enjoy a pure love.
What's drinking? A mere pause from thinking!
I drink when I have occasion, and sometimes when I have no occasion.
A man who doesn't drink is not, in my opinion, fully a man.
The sway of alcohol over mankind is unquestionably due to its power to stimulate the mystical faculties of human nature.
When the wine goes in, strange things come out.
The joke loses everything when the joker laughs himself.
I like to be with you.
Aah, I'm angry for some reason!
Even though you came to the movie theater to see the movie, you fell asleep. That's terrible.
You'll sleep in the guestroom.
In this kanji we have only two components.
Her words were completely meaningless.
What she said was completely meaningless.
To cite usage against rule, in a constructed language, is insane.
There will be blood.
The presidential campaign starts getting speed. All moves will be allowed. There will be blood!
We found the boy sound asleep.
I'm glad I'm not a woman.
You're waking up quite early today. Do you have something?
Those glasses suit you.
I want to try and get a fish bone stuck in my throat.
It looks like a fish bone got stuck in my throat.
I'm happy because I am not a woman.
The transfer student in the other class is a super good looking guy.
The pen is the tongue of the soul.
Nobody can disturb a true friendship.
I won't give up because I have something worth fighting for.
I can't believe that this is happening. Please tell me that it's a lie!
I can't believe that this is happening. Can someone please tell me that it's a lie?
I met with an old woman.
I tell ya, you're in deep trouble, my lad.
Shortly after coming back to France, he decided to abandon his career as an economist in order to dedicate himself to his true passion: writing, in Spain.
Grief on the face is better than the stain in the heart.
True and good friendship must not be suspicious of anything.
In the principles of love, quick disappointments are usually described as remedies.
There may be love without jealousy, but there is none without fear.
Nobody can disrupt true friendships.
Seriously, people are so dumb.
Let's play house!
He believes himself to be infallible.
She was soon sound asleep because she was very tired.
I found the boy sound asleep.
When the fire broke out, he was fast asleep.
When the fire broke out, he was sound asleep.
I appreciate foreign languages!
The baby seemed to be fast asleep.
The baby was fast asleep in her mother's arms.
The baby was sleeping soundly in his mother's arms.
He was sound asleep.
The baby was sound asleep.
That old man was sound asleep when the bear came.
Every one of them went to see that movie.
If there's no water, there's no whisky.
A beard doesn't make a philosopher.
Tell me what you have in hand.
He arrived at age three in Tokyo.
They ran into the garden to save themselves from those blood-thirsty hounds.
I swam very well when I was a child.
The meeting is tomorrow.
You will never be alone.
A sleeping child is like an angel.
I am from Ecuador.
I am going with you.
Today is Saturday and tomorrow will be Sunday.
They say that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play in writing.
After he heard the news, Tom was in seventh heaven.
If one in one hundred rounds does not hit the target, it's not first-class shooting.
I don't remember when I met him before.
Their traces can still be found.
Hello, Meg, how are things?
My mother doesn't speak English very well.
His spouse is a Japanese woman.
Can you tell me the balance on my account?
Don't just read books. Go outside once in a while and get some exercise.
Every time he comes here, he orders the same dish.
Yesterday I walked to the park.
Are there any souvenir shops here?
You've already read the book?
The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy brown dog.
The prouder the individual, the harsher the punishment.
He's a typical Japanese man.
My son can already count to one hundred.
We will die sooner or later.
The blood pressure can't be determined.
I clean my teeth with a toothbrush.
It is possible to talk for a long time without saying anything.
I'm sorry, but I am against this project.
Honestly, I am not the most accurate person on earth.
Like cheese swimming in butter.
He said that he had met him a week ago.
You can spend the night at our place.
I found out that you had successfully passed the entrance exam. Congrats!
We lost a lot of time.
They were delayed due to heavy snowfall.
Almost everyone came.
What time did you go to sleep yesterday?
I don't have time to finish my homework.
His name was forgotten.
Good night and sleep well.
Wait for me, wait a second!
There is a TV in this room.
I'm curious to know why they removed my name from the list.
Here, this is for you!
Time passed very quickly.
That's my answer!
Did you bring cash or your (credit) card with you?
If you drive a car like that, you'll end up in the hospital.
Who can say what will happen in the future?
Have you seen that thick book?
How do they prepare this fish in France?
What is your favorite time of year?
She forgot to feed the dog.
I do not know whether to accept or to refuse.
I want to leave Paris.
He is now working in France.
This is my property.
They have a very nice veranda.
I've returned.
Although I was tired, I did what I was able to do.
May I use the telephone?
When was the last time we met?
You scared me! Don't sneak upon me from behind!
Properly listen to what I'm going to say.
You do nothing but complain! You're not the only one who's having a hard time.
I have to examine you.
I've got a boner.
The rooster crows at sunrise.
I have this briefcase in a different color.
I want to eat pizza tonight.
I'm here to help.
Can we provide assistance?
Cancer is the leading cause for hospice care.
That's all the information we need right now.
Your computer will restart several times during installation.
Nothing is as it seems.
You can't blame her for not knowing what she hasn't been taught.
We should learn from those who have gone before us.
We all need a star to steer our lives by.
One morning, I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
Blacks need not apply.
On December 27th 1923, the crown prince was shot by Daisuke Namba.
There is neither God nor Buddha.
The company's insolvency forced it into receivership.
When advice will no longer help, nothing will.
You cannot add a real number and an imaginary number.
The children should go outside and play.
The heart beats more often with the flowering of love.
Please have some pie.
School starts April 8th.
I've never seen such a thing in my life, not once!
How was the concert?
There are more than 50,000 books in this library.
The treatment is going successfully.
Everyone makes mistakes sometimes.
What year did you finish from school?
I prefer not to eat meat because I'm vegetarian.
Commit these words to memory.
When I lived in the countryside, I could see millions of stars at night but I had no one with whom to share their splendor.
But he really wanted a son.
They make toys at this factory.
He is almost always home.
I compared this picture with that one.
The Cold War began after the Second World War.
She is currently in danger.
There is no God and no Buddha.
I don't know what happened to him.
Bees feed on nectar.
OK, take it.
Would you like to be rich?
Lie on your stomach.
Lie on your left side.
I quit smoking half a year ago.
Each price has its reason.
What we need now is a break.
Ido is the most beautiful and simple language.
I really like hard boiled eggs.
Living is my profession and my art.
It is easier to write a bad poem than to understand a good one.
How often do you eat fish?
We all speak English.
I found this book interesting from start to finish.
Vladivostok is a city in Russia.
Do you like cats or dogs better?
I would like to go to America one day.
I am so hungry that I could eat a cow.
Who's coming with me?
He attempted suicide.
I would like to eat.
This website is more addicting than Facebook, and infinitely more useful.
I told him to send me one more ticket.
I don't want to be lame, I want to be cool!!
And why do you ask?
Thanks for the explanation.
I don't know what to do any more.
What options do I have left?
I understand your language.
Crack two eggs into a bowl, then whisk them together with some milk.
Add the dry ingredients and stir until the mixture becomes a dough.
Sear on each side over medium heat for 4 - 5 minutes.
The shapeless dress was very unflattering of her athletic figure.
An exploratory investigation was required to collect important data regarding the health of the ecosystem.
The soreness in her throat made swallowing extremely painful.
The end is nigh.
Continue stirring until the chocolate chips are mixed uniformly through the cookie dough.
If you take a nap here, you'll catch a cold.
If you dislike my way of doing things that much, why don't you just do it yourself instead.
300 sit-ups every day? That's completely impossible!
What are you worried about?
Let's do it at our own pace without hurrying.
Lately, I have been busy so I have not studied at all.
Brush your teeth properly before going to bed.
Have you ever heard the saying: "Lying leads to thieving?"
I like them, foreign languages.
I like foreign languages.
The view from the summit is very nice.
We've come nearer to the sea. I can smell it.
Wow, that's pretty. The sea is shining.
Follow behind me.
There are clots in the blood.
Since a large area was devastated by the Tohoku earthquake of 2011, a sustained help effort is sought.
I work in a tourist agency.
Your whole life is before you.
You are nothing but a fool! I have to explain everything to you!
These days nobody believes in ghosts.
Divide the pizza in three.
I am sure that you will be satisfied.
Stop beating around the bush and tell me plainly what you want from me.
I bought fresh bread.
The cat was on the table.
While broth boils, friendship blooms.
I would like to see the car repaired as quickly as possible.
An apple sits on the table.
I shut up.
It's hard to quit smoking.
Get up.
That's my final answer.
The rain stopped just long enough for me to dash into the cafe without getting wet.
Can I eat this orange?
I should be studying English, but I want to watch a movie.
The wintry weather lasted long into April the year before last.
She said that a good gin and tonic is like summertime in a glass, and it struck me as being too true.
Add the sugar and vanilla to the cream and beat vigorously until the cream thickens.
Instead of interacting with each other, each of the family members turned their attention to their mobile devices, engrossing themselves in their own entertainments.
Can I use a netbook while standing in a crowded train?
What hat do you like?
Recently, there have been signs that the economy is picking up steam.
If you don't clean your room, you won't even have a place to stand, don't you think?
I intended to go straight back home, but I sort of wandered inside a bookstore.
Please pretend we never said this.
A man approached Yoko, concealing the sound of his footsteps.
Can you fix a flat tire on a bike? That kind of thing's a piece of cake.
Today, let's clean the floor until it shines.
Is this cage shark-proof?
The principle difference between lettering and typography is that typography is based on fonts, which are static letterforms, and letter shapes formed by lettering are fluid and malleable.
Typography is the discipline of using type to set texts into a form that is pleasant to read.
They say that the difference between art and pornography is all about the lighting.
We studied more than 800 Chinese characters.
We studied Chinese for 2 years.
These are not words.
These aren't words.
Paul is a natty dresser.
He was a good-looking but somewhat raffish young gentleman.
He wore a jaunty coat of chocolate-colored velvet, with diamond buttons, and with two huge pockets which were always filled with bones, dropped there at dinner by his loving mistress.
How ridiculous I was as a Marionette! And how happy I am, now that I have become a real boy!
A tricorn trimmed with gold lace was set at a rakish angle over a wig of white curls that dropped down to his waist.
Knead the dough with both hands until it becomes elastic.
All the tales of miracles, with which the Old and New Testament are filled, are fit only for impostors to preach and fools to believe.
A miracle is an event described by those to whom it was told by people who did not see it.
I'm sorry, but I'm busy right now.
You didn't know that either.
The curtain caught on fire.
Presence of all members is obligatory.
Is your school far away from your house?
He collected an entire bucket of water.
While he was talking, there was the sound of a shot being fired.
They tell me jokes, and then I forget them.
Did you give birth at home or at a maternity hospital?
"What does this have to do with me wanting to get my hair cut?" "They have hair in London?"
Did you know that if you plug a pickle into an electrical outlet, it glows and makes buzzing noises?
Takeshi is always bossed around by his sisters.
I'm not good at thinking logically.
I don't think that's the case.
Suzanne is two years older than me.
Her novel was translated into Japanese.
The dog is yours.
The student became an acquaintance of this girl last year.
I'm thinking about visiting my friend next year.
I love Monday!
Japanese are Asians.
I'll go meet him soon.
This girl is the flower of the school.
There's a rock in my shoe.
There are fifty stars on the American flag.
The nurse applied a medicine to the affected part.
I had an accident.
I'm just going to take a nap.
Our galaxy is called the Milky Way.
Do you believe that the universe began as a small ball of fire?
The theory of the Big Bang was proposed in 1927 and expanded in 1929.
We know of more than 100 billion galaxies.
The Milky Way is huge.
Father doesn't eat dessert.
The universe was born more than 12 billion years ago.
I never imagined that I could be as contented as I am with you as my companion.
He held her hand in a firm clasp.
Three cubed is twenty-seven.
I really have to be going.
I'll see you tomorrow at the library.
The pen is on the table.
You are just saying that.
Remember me to your family.
I wish you a happy birthday.
She is an industrial designer.
That film was a great draw.
It's only a matter of time.
We do not just use language to say things, but to do things.
I don't want to fail the test.
Please forget what we talked about earlier.
A marriage is not legal unless certain declarations are made.
The procedure must be executed correctly and completely.
Consequent conduct is specified.
Go free, my beloved sentence.
Silvio Berlusconi is the chief of his party.
There are happy people and unhappy people.
A scanner allowed one to determine if one's leg was really broken.
Her coat wasn't appropriate for the occasion.
His story wasn't appropriate for the occasion.
It's still too hard to find a job. And even if you have a job, chances are you're having a tougher time paying the rising costs of everything from groceries to gas.
This is a time of year when people get together with family and friends to observe Passover and to celebrate Easter.
We're gonna make sure that no one is taking advantage of the American people for their own short-term gain.
We need to invest in clean, renewable energy.
I thought that he was angry.
Difference between the past, present, and future is nothing but an extremely widespread illusion.
I always leave my umbrella in the train.
The major religions in China are Taoism, Buddhism, Islam and Christianity.
Of these, Taoism is a native religion, the others having been introduced from foreign lands.
Taoism was founded on the teachings of Laozi, a sage born in 604 B.C. in present-day Henan Province.
He taught contemplation as a means of spiritual purification and the attainment of the Dao, a principle that signifies the highest spiritual ideals of mankind.
His teachings are incorporated in a profound book Daode Jing which Taoists regard as the final authority and doctrines of the religion.
It is generally believed that Buddhism first came to China in 67 A.D. during the reign of Emperor Mingdi of the Eastern Han Dynasty.
Afterwards, because it was sanctioned by many of the successive dynasties Buddhism became widespread and had a tremendous impact on the development of Chinese thought, culture and art.
Islam first reached China about the middle of the 7th century.
As commercial and cultural contacts between East and West developed, Arab and Persian traders began calling on China along the Silk Road in increasing numbers.
That's chicken.
In 1807, Robert Morrison, the first British Protestant missionary to China arrived in Guangzhou.
He and a colleague who went to China later translated The New Testament into Chinese.
I never dreamt that our company would expand its business to the U.S.
Once, Zhuangzi dreamed he was a butterfly, but when he woke up, he wasn't sure whether he was Zhuangzi who had dreamt being a butterfly or if he was a butterfly now dreaming he was Zhuangzi.
Mayuko dreamt a strange dream.
She dreamt a pleasant dream.
She dreamt a strange dream.
Strange to say, I dreamt the same dream twice last night.
I dreamt a dream last night, about silk and fine cloth or about equality and fair trial.
I little dreamt of seeing you here.
In her elementary school days, Mary dreamt of becoming a teacher.
During the bubble, people dreamt of a life of leisure.
I never dreamt of there being such a quiet place.
From childhood I dreamt of being a pastry cook.
Remembering when I dreamt in your arms.
Never have I dreamt of marrying you.
I never dreamt that I would win first prize.
Such things as television and computers could not have been dreamt of fifty years ago.
He intentionally stepped on my foot on the train.
There is: it is in the heart of the Chinese people.
The more I think, the less I understand.
There was nobody.
The criminal is nervous.
China is facing a problem with exploding watermelons.
How about your father?
The more I think about it, the less I understand it.
I was already employed at a restaurant.
I thought he was angry at me because I didn't help him build his house.
I thought she was angry at me because I didn't pay the bill in time.
I thought they were angry with me because I didn't help them wash the car.
I thought she was angry and would just go away.
I thought you were only angry with me and not with the rest of my family.
I knew he was angry, but I didn't think he was that angry.
I knew he was rich, but I didn't think he was that rich.
I had heard that he was fat, but I didn't think he would be that fat.
My brother told me that she was very beautiful, but I didn't think she would be that beautiful.
Just as he was getting the hang of things, he got fired.
Just as he was getting the hang of things, they changed all the rules.
Just as I was getting the hang of things, they changed the system.
It's a shame that I had to quit my job just when I was getting the hang of things.
Just when I was getting the hang of things, I was in a traffic accident and had to stay two months in the hospital.
Don't ever compare your wife to another woman.
What should I feed my dog?
What kind of food should I be feeding my dog?
How often should I feed my dog?
When should I feed my dog?
When should I stop feeding my dog puppy food?
What brand of dog food do you feed your dog?
How many times a day should I feed my dog?
What do you feed your dog?
I don't know what to feed my dog.
I feed my dog two cups of dog food every evening.
I feed my dog once a day.
I feed my dog just before I eat dinner.
I don't feed my dog in the morning.
I never feed my dog raw meat.
I only feed my dog dry dog food.
I have never fed my dog a banana.
How much should I feed my dog?
How much food should I be feeding my dog?
How much should I be feeding my dog?
How often and how much should I feed my dog?
How much do you feed your dog?
Is it OK to feed my dog lettuce?
Is there any problem with feeding my dog ice cream?
Is it OK to feed my dog the same thing that I feed my cat?
I would never feed my dog commercial dog food.
I feed my dog meat at least once a week.
I would rather feed my dog before we eat.
Some dog owners wonder if it's OK to feed their dogs fish.
Some dog owners wonder if they are feeding their dogs enough.
Many dog owners only feed their dogs once a day.
Do you think it's a good idea to feed your dog table scraps?
When is the best time to feed your dog?
My neighbor's dog won't eat dry dog food.
My vet told me to feed my dog in the evening.
My vet won't feed his dog commercial dog food.
I had trouble deciding which brand of dog food to feed my dog.
If you feed your dog properly, you can increase his lifespan.
I used to feed my dog twice a day.
How do I get my dog to eat dog food?
Why won't my dog eat dog food?
Some people have trouble getting their dogs to eat dog food.
I have two dogs and I try to feed them each the same amount of food.
I have always fed my dog the dog food that comes in the big green bag.
Have you ever tried feeding your dog peanut butter?
When I was feeding my dog, I noticed that the gate had been left open.
After the game, he went straight home to feed his dog.
He decided to feed his dog the rabbit that he had shot earlier that day.
She wasn't wealthy enough to feed her dog meat every day.
She would often bring home table scraps from the restaurant where she worked to feed to her dog.
She always fed her children before she fed her dog.
The only time he feeds the dog is when his wife is away on a trip.
I saw the old man feed his dog chicken bones.
After she lost her job, she couldn't afford to feed her dogs, so she gave them away.
She sold all of her furniture, so she could afford to feed herself and her dog.
She needed some money to buy something to feed her dog.
Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables.
The restaurant owner allowed her to take table scraps home to feed all of her dogs.
My mother asked me not to feed the dog until after we had all eaten.
She is the one who feeds our dog.
She feeds her dog the same thing that she eats.
She feeds her dog a meat-free diet.
I have a friend who feeds his dog strawberries.
Against my advice, he fed his dog some raw pork.
I fed my dog what I thought was good quality dog food.
I've always fed my dogs in the early evening.
For the past 10 years, I've fed my dog dry dog food.
I used to think it didn't really matter what I fed my dog.
I do not and never will feed my dog raw fish.
I never let anyone else feed my dog.
I've heard that it is best to always feed your dog at a specific time every day.
He fed his dog at the same time every day.
He usually fed his dog cheap dog food.
He listened to the news on the radio as he fed his dog.
Will feeding my dog garlic cause any problems?
Pavlov rang a bell whenever he fed his dogs.
Pavlov rang a bell just before he fed his dogs.
She loves Tom more than she loves me.
Even though Trang continued to say that she loved him, Spenser couldn't do anything but fear that she would stop caring for him.
When I was abroad I went to see your uncle.
The coat doesn't have any pockets.
Her house is surrounded by a white fence.
The climate of England isn't as mild as Japan, but in the summer, it's much cooler.
He behaved like a madman.
She embroidered her own initials on the white handkerchief.
He is a young man who really has the air of a student.
Many trees lose their leaves in the winter.
In the winter, days are shorter.
Fresh vegetables are very expensive in the winter.
Strawberries are expensive in the winter.
Strawberries sell for a high price in the winter.
It would be stupid to climb that mountain in the winter.
It would be crazy to climb that mountain in the winter.
Since my room faces south, it isn't so cold even in the winter.
The climate here is very mild, so it seldom snows here even in the winter.
Since the climate here is very mild, it seldom snows here even in the winter.
In countries such as Norway and Finland, they have lots of snow in the winter.
I often catch colds in the winter.
There are a lot of fires in the winter.
I can't do without a coat in the winter.
You shouldn't climb such a high mountain in the winter.
It would be better if you didn't climb such a high mountain in the winter.
Shall we meet tomorrow?
Would you like to meet tomorrow?
What do my hobbies bring to my life?
My hobbies are not only wide-ranging but also useful.
In my view, everyone should have intellectual hobbies as well as an interest in physical activities.
In terms of intellectual hobbies, I really like learning Chinese characters.
Normally I might study Chinese characters for an hour a day.
Last time I counted, I estimated that I know around 2500 Chinese characters.
It's obvious that I spend too much time studying Chinese characters, so I ought to study other aspects of the language more.
Apart from languages, I'm also interested in technology.
I think that computers can help students use more effective study methods.
I use all kinds of software to study Chinese.
Of those, the one I use most often is a flashcard system.
I often read English and Chinese blogs online.
Because Chinese blogs use a lot of slang, I usually don't understand them that well, but I still think it's good for my Chinese.
I also run my own website, to try and record my progress and to help other people a little bit.
As for physical exercise, although I loathe most sports (I think they're really boring), I do like going to the gym to lift weights.
Every other day I go with a friend; we lift weights whilst chatting together.
Because there's the chance to help each other, as well as some healthy competition, I think going to the gym with friends is the best way.
When you're about to have exams, lifting weights really does relieve stress, and it's also good for your mind and body.
All in all, I think my hobbies are balanced; they bring some relaxation to my life, and at the same time bring focus to my studies.
Say no more!
China is said to be playing hardball in the Southern Seas.
John works in neuromarketing.
I don't want to think about anything anymore.
Men have a longer ring finger than index finger, while both fingers tend to be the same length for women.
Perfumes are often made from the sweat of various male animals.
Language reflects daily experience.
They enjoy the highest standing.
It was a mess in the department store.
My shoulder hurts.
At that time, the city is full of people who'll either try to sell you drugs, steal your pizza, or ask you for change.
Iceland has many volcanoes.
She is addicted to Farmville.
Oh, it's already this late. I have to go.
Going out with those clothes? They look kinda bad.
This smells great! What are you cooking?
Are you going out in those clothes? How uncool!
"Do you want to buy it?" "Yes."
Her reputation was hurt a lot by this.
Her dress attracted everyone's attention at the party.
If your country doesn't let you camp for your rights, but lets you do so to see Justin Bieber, paste this on your wall.
Right now there are 2 types of Spaniards: the ones who are willing to vote for corrupt and indicted politicians, and the ones that aren't.
Her behavior isn't normal for a young girl.
Her clothes were made of very cheap material.
Her hair was long enough to reach the floor.
Nothing is useful to anything.
I want to study Japan's history at university.
Binge drinking can damage the amygdala.
The pat on the back was offensive.
The politician's speech was offensive.
What kind of logic is this: if it is not yours, it must be mine?
What kind of logic is this: one's always wrong, until proved right?
The British and the French came around, took a map and drew up a few lines here and there.
He's as sweet as can be.
I guess having zero shame is the price of genius.
This is an embarrassment in and of itself.
Sticking up philosophical words together won't make you more of an intellectual.
He ordered a chop suey.
The train will depart soon.
Yesterday, I asked Hiromi out on a date, but she rejected my offer out of hand.
Yesterday, I ran into my teacher at the amusement park.
Please tell me what you think about this article.
The wind feels great today.
I don't want to talk to that bloke ever again.
I have lots of things I need to do today.
I haven't slept well recently, so my skin is falling apart.
Her heart burst with gladness to see her husband return home from his overseas tour of Iran.
We woke up very early in order to see the sunrise.
Stop the car here.
This place still looks the same as it did a long time ago.
Getter Jaani is very sweet.
Getter Jaani is the best singer in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011.
Taro, dinner is ready.
He sat down to read a story.
How did their glasses get swapped? Even they themselves didn't understand it!
If actions are stronger than words, why is the pen mightier than the sword?
She tried to discombobulate me.
Today is the oldest I've ever been, and the youngest I'll ever be again.
Do radioactive cats have 18 half-lives?
Toasters don't toast toasts, people do.
Are babies natural or man made?
I saw his car make a right turn.
They're crazy, those Romans!
Alfonso VI found a vast number of books when he conquered Muslim Toledo in 1085.
Is there another word for synonym?
Jimmy insisted that I take him to the zoo.
I'm still undecided.
A man with a watch knows what time it is, a man with two watches is never sure.
God cannot make a triangle with more than 180 degrees.
When you die do you become closer to God because you no longer exist?
I don't care if the early bird gets the worm, I want to sleep.
If pro is the opposite of con is the opposite of progress Congress?
The next sentence is false.
The previous sentence is true.
I'll have skim milk.
He explained the plan's main objective.
Should I tell him?
He's a friend from work.
The child drew a spherical triangle.
I don't even butter my bread; I consider that cooking.
After I die, I hope that people will say of me: "That guy sure owed me a lot of money."
If you get invited to your first orgy, don't just show up naked.
The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money.
Recently, I've been suffering from lack of sleep, so my skin is crumbling.
An atom is made out of protons, neutrons and electrons.
If we hide a part of the body, it's to better draw attention towards it.
It is not death that I fear, but dying.
We can only abuse of things that are good.
I'm looking for a present for my mother.
I'm actually a mutt.
This is a copy of photo of a painting. I assume that it makes it a third level simulacrum.
I can endorse that.
Not that he couldn't, but he's too lazy one man.
I don't give a damn what they think.
She approved of the wedding.
He smiled to her with knowing glances.
Wishing to be sincere in their thoughts, they first extended to the utmost their knowledge. Such extension of knowledge lay in the investigation of things.
Where are the plates?
Is there salt left?
He went his way, I go my way.
This is a flamethrower. It throws flames.
To my surprise, he was good at singing.
To our surprise, he was good at singing.
Surprisingly, he was good at singing.
Much to our surprise, he was good at singing.
Her mind would not accept that new idea.
Her condition took a turn for the worse last night.
Her condition got worse last night.
Her condition grew worse last night.
Her account of the incident agrees with yours.
His account of the accident agrees with yours.
The fingerprints left on the weapon match the suspect's.
My answer matches yours.
Her dress is blue with white polka dots.
To put it bluntly, the reason this team won't win is because you're holding them back.
I've been on my own these past few months.
Her health has been declining these past few months.
The computer is to her left.
Her unusual behavior caused our suspicions.
Her new husband turned out to be a bad person.
To tell the truth, we learned that her new husband was a terrible guy.
Please telephone him.
Please phone him.
Please call him.
Her explanation of the problem was nonsense.
Her explanation of the problem made no sense.
Please give him a call.
Electric cars can be recharged at home.
I like playing basketball.
Her house is near the park.
My house is very near the park.
Her house is close to the park.
Our school is right near the park.
I lived in Sasayama for three years.
Her many puppies run around in the yard every day.
This application needs more features.
No one noticed her absence until the end of the meeting.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the end of the meeting.
Nobody noticed that she was absent until the meeting ended.
No one noticed her absence until the meeting ended.
Her husband plans to publish a new monthly magazine.
It's likely that she'll succeed.
There's a possibility that she'll succeed.
She has 3,500 books in her library and many of them are first editions.
Her library has 3,500 books and includes many first editions.
Her composition is very good except for two or three spelling errors.
Her condition is improving after the operation.
Do you mind if I open the door?
There is an urgent need for a more effective method of treating this disease.
There is an urgent need for a new approach to dealing with this problem.
There is an urgent need for a new policy.
There is an urgent need for a new system.
There is an urgent need for affordable housing.
There is an urgent need for better communication.
There is an urgent need for blood donations.
There is an urgent need for blood donors.
There is an urgent need for clean energy.
There is an urgent need for donations.
There is an urgent need for drinking water.
There is an urgent need for experienced pilots.
There is an urgent need for food and water.
There is an urgent need for improved living conditions.
There is an urgent need for medical supplies.
There is an urgent need for money.
There is an urgent need for more doctors.
There is an urgent need for more money.
There is an urgent need for more people to donate their time and money.
There is an urgent need for new ideas.
There is an urgent need for peace talks.
There is an urgent need for people to help clean up the environment.
There is an urgent need for qualified teachers.
There is an urgent need for revisions.
There is an urgent need for shelter.
There is an urgent need for social change.
There is an urgent need for good legal advice.
There is an urgent need for teachers with science backgrounds.
There is an urgent need for the international community to help feed hungry children.
There is an urgent need for the local government to help the homeless.
There is an urgent need for them to update their system.
There is an urgent need for understanding how climate change will affect our lives.
There is an urgent need for volunteers.
There is an urgent need for water.
He did better than last time.
I think it's time for me to abandon that idea.
I think it's time for me to abandon that plan.
I think it's time for me to accept responsibility for that problem.
I think it's time for me to admit that I never cared about you.
I think it's time for me to apologize to her.
I think it's time for me to ask for directions.
I think it's time for me to ask for her help.
I think it's time for me to ask for his advice.
I think it's time for me to buy a decent camera.
I think it's time for me to buy a decent car.
I think it's time for me to buy a house.
I think it's time for me to buy a new camera.
I think it's time for me to buy a new car.
I think it's time for me to buy my daughter a decent computer.
I think it's time for me to buy my son a car.
I think it's time for me to call a doctor.
I think it's time for me to call it a day.
I think it's time for me to call it quits.
I think it's time for me to change jobs.
I think it's time for me to change my plans.
I think it's time for me to clean the chimney.
I think it's time for me to clean the garage.
I think it's time for me to close the window.
I think it's time for me to come clean.
I think it's time for me to confront that problem.
I think it's time for me to consider going on a diet.
I think it's time for me to consult a doctor.
I think it's time for me to consult a lawyer.
I think it's time for me to contact her.
I think it's time for me to contact him by phone.
I think it's time for me to discuss the matter with him.
I think it's time for me to discuss the problem with her.
I think it's time for me to do my homework.
I think it's time for me to get a bit of exercise.
I think it's time for me to get a dog.
I think it's time for me to get a job.
I think it's time for me to get a new email address.
I think it's time for me to get a new job.
I think it's time for me to get a new pair of glasses.
I think it's time for me to get my eyes checked.
I think it's time for me to get my own place.
I think it's time for me to give her a ride home.
I think it's time for me to give up on this relationship.
I think it's time for me to go back to work.
I think it's time for me to go to bed.
I think it's time for me to go.
I think it's time for me to join the fight.
I think it's time for me to leave for school.
I think it's time for me to leave now.
I think it's time for me to leave.
I think it's time for me to lose some weight.
I think it's time for me to make some new friends.
I think it's time for me to move into a smaller home.
I think it's time for me to move on.
I think it's time for me to move to the suburbs.
I think it's time for me to mow the lawn.
I think it's time for me to organize a party.
I think it's time for me to put new bait on the hook.
I think it's time for me to reconsider how I've been living.
I think it's time for me to refill this prescription.
I think it's time for me to retire.
I think it's time for me to return to Boston.
I think it's time for me to say goodbye.
I think it's time for me to say what I really think.
I think it's time for me to sharpen my pencil.
I think it's time for me to shove off.
I think it's time for me to show you how to do that properly.
I think it's time for me to speak up.
I think it's time for me to spend a little time with my children.
I think it's time for me to split some more firewood.
I think it's time for me to split.
I think it's time for me to start cooking dinner.
I think it's time for me to start taking my responsibilities seriously.
I think it's time for me to step aside.
I think it's time for me to stop allowing her to always have her own way.
I think it's time for me to study.
I think it's time for me to take a break.
I think it's time for me to talk to the boss about this problem.
I think it's time for me to throw a little party.
I think it's time for me to turn off the TV.
I think it's time for me to turn on the radio.
I think it's time for me to walk away from this mess.
I think it's time for me to wash my car.
I think it's time for me to wash this shirt.
I think it's time for me to write my mother another letter.
I think it's time for us to come to an agreement.
Women! The knife grinder is arrived!
Life is but a flash of lightning, beauty lasts for a single day! Think about the skulls of the dead that are all alike.
Tatsuo likes looking at aircraft landing gears.
Akiji is a soldier turned teacher.
It's just between you and me, but Kazuo's wife is pregnant.
He comes from Genoa.
He comes from Geneva.
Isaac was a leader of the Jewish people.
What is the distance between New York and London?
Muiriel is very good at telling invented stories.
The exquisite corpse will drink the new wine.
I could go for some pizza right now.
Ignore him.
I get you.
This is your doing!
Quiet down.
Hurry back.
Kids go to school to study.
I'm full!
I can answer your question.
I have no idea why he did that.
You're never satisfied!
I bared my soul to her.
It's later than you think.
Happiness is determined by your heart.
Improper grounding can make a microphone lethal to touch. Several singers have actually died this way.
Grounding and other bog-standard punishments didn't get through to his son at all.
She is prepared for the interview tomorrow.
Friendship lasts longer than memories.
Life is but a flash of lightning and beauty lasts only a day! Think of the skulls of the dead that all are alike.
I better drink my own piss.
She penned a tell-all memoir of her affair with the president.
Taking a vacation just means you work from somewhere else.
I don't want to drink anything cold.
China gives me many different impressions.
Firstly, I think that the first time each foreigner is in China, the earliest impression is certainly the size of the country.
I still remember the first time I was in China; I was in Shandong, and I realised that that province alone is twenty six thousand square kilometres bigger than England.
Because it's a developing country, some aspects of China aren't as good as those in Western countries.
However, other aspects have already surpassed the standards of many Western countries.
For example, China's public transport is without a doubt better than the UK's, but the UK's public welfare may be better than China's.
This kind of strange situation typifies my impressions of China.
In China's agricultural and industrial areas, some people are still very poor.
I have a passport.
The chairman is going to resign.
Is the chairman going to resign?
Ken kissed Tom's girlfriend.
I'm not able to translate this sentence.
If this part is affirmative, why is this other part a question?
We tried to put out the fire but we were unsuccessful. We had to call the fire brigade.
If you gamble on the stock market, you are an investor... If you gamble on the derivatives market, you are a trader... If you gamble at the casino, you are a loser... Morality?
Just because he repeatedly parrots this phrase doesn't mean its worthwhile.
This is all brain dead regurgitation of a lazy theory.
I solved that problem by myself.
The girl under the tree looks sad.
Your teacher won't be pleased.
"Did you know that the neighbor's daughter is already married?" "You don't say! She's only eighteen!"
"Did he take his job?" "Yes, he is located higher up in the food chain."
He is a figment as much as a figure.
Run!
Last Wednesday my dog passed away. She was 16.
I hate so-called "30 days" language courses.
You haven't got the balls to translate this sentence.
Dry wood burns well.
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away.
There was a laughing devil in his sneer.
Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they talk sense.
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length.
It is nevertheless a good sentence.
It's a good sentence, anyway.
There is no foreign land; it is the traveller only that is foreign.
For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
Youth is wholly experimental.
Our business in this world is not to succeed, but to continue to fail, in good spirits.
To be overwise is to ossify; and the scruple-monger ends by standing stockstill.
You could read Kant by yourself, if you wanted; but you must share a joke with someone else.
Idleness, which is often becoming and even wise in the bachelor, begins to wear a different aspect when you have a wife to support.
Falling in love is the one illogical adventure, the one thing of which we are tempted to think as supernatural, in our trite and reasonable world.
The cruelest lies are often told in silence.
There is a strong feeling in favour of cowardly and prudential proverbs.
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.
Old and young, we are all on our last cruise.
The time would fail me if I were to recite all the big names in history whose exploits are perfectly irrational and even shocking to the business mind.
Shelley was a young fool; so are these cocksparrow revolutionaries. But it is better to be a fool than to be dead.
To equip a dull, respectable person with wings would be but to make a parody of an angel.
Age may have one side, but assuredly Youth has the other. There is nothing more certain than that both are right, except perhaps that both are wrong.
Books are good enough in their own way, but they are a mighty bloodless substitute for life.
Perpetual devotion to what a man calls his business, is only to be sustained by perpetual neglect of many other things.
There is no duty we so much underrate as the duty of being happy.
A happy man or woman is a better thing to find than a five-pound note.
To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive.
Bright is the ring of words when the right man rings them.
In real life, help is given out of friendship, or it is not valued; it is received from the hand of friendship, or it is resented.
Gentleness and cheerfulness, these come before all morality; they are the perfect duties.
What's your favorite activity?
What's your favorite alcoholic beverage?
What's your favorite alcoholic drink?
What's your favorite American beer?
What's your favorite animated movie?
What's your favorite audio player?
What's your favorite ballet?
What's your favorite band?
What's your favorite baseball team?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
What's your favorite beverage?
What's your favorite blonde joke?
What's your favorite board game?
What's your favorite Bob Dylan song?
What's your favorite book?
What's your favorite bottled beer?
What's your favorite boy's name?
What's your favorite brand of soap?
What's your favorite brand of yogurt?
What's your favorite brand?
What's your favorite breakfast food?
What's your favorite breed of dog?
What's your favorite Broadway musical?
What's your favorite candy?
What's your favorite car?
What's your favorite cartoon?
What's your favorite castle in Japan?
What's your favorite cereal?
What's your favorite cheap wine?
What's your favorite cheese to eat when drinking wine?
What's your favorite chick flick?
What's your favorite Chinese food?
What's your favorite Christian hymn?
What's your favorite Christmas movie?
What's your favorite Christmas song?
What's your favorite city in the United States?
What's your favorite city in the world?
What's your favorite city?
What's your favorite class?
What's your favorite cocktail?
What's your favorite cold drink?
What's your favorite cold weather drink?
What's your favorite cold weather food?
What's your favorite color for carpets?
What's your favorite color for curtains?
What's your favorite color for shoes?
What's your favorite color?
What's your favorite comfort food?
What's your favorite comic strip?
What's your favorite commercial?
What's your favorite computer game?
What's your favorite cookbook?
What's your favorite curse word?
What's your favorite cut of meat?
What's your favorite day of the week?
What's your favorite dessert with bananas?
What's your favorite dessert with strawberries?
What's your favorite dessert?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What's your favorite domestic beer?
What's your favorite domestic wine?
What's your favorite dried fruit?
What's your favorite drink in the summer?
What's your favorite drink in the winter?
What's your favorite drink?
What's your favorite drinking song?
What's your favorite educational TV program?
What's your favorite email client?
What's your favorite energy drink?
What's your favorite episode from season two?
What's your favorite European city?
What's your favorite fairy tale?
What's your favorite fast food?
What's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
What's your favorite flower?
What's your favorite food to eat with red wine?
What's your favorite form of exercise?
What's your favorite free iPad app?
What's your favorite free software application?
What's your favorite French wine?
What's your favorite fruit?
What's your favorite funny quote?
What's your favorite funny song?
What's your favorite gadget?
What's your favorite game?
What's your favorite girl's name?
What's your favorite hair style?
What's your favorite Harry Potter book?
What's your favorite historical movie?
What's your favorite holiday activity?
What's your favorite holiday tradition?
What's your favorite holiday?
What's your favorite home-cooked food?
What's your favorite horror movie?
What's your favorite hot drink?
What's your favorite hot weather drink?
What's your favorite hot weather food?
What's your favorite hotel in Boston?
What's your favorite humorous quote?
What's your favorite hymn?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
What's your favorite image editing software?
What's your favorite iPad app?
What's your favorite iPhone app?
What's your favorite Irish whiskey?
What's your favorite item of clothing?
What's your favorite Japanese word?
What's your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
What's your favorite joke?
What's your favorite kind of book?
What's your favorite kind of chewing gum?
What's your favorite kind of chocolate?
What's your favorite kind of dried fruit?
What's your favorite kind of food?
What's your favorite kind of music to wake up to?
What's your favorite kind of music?
What's your favorite kind of pie?
What's your favorite kind of place to go on a first date?
What's your favorite kind of shellfish?
What's your favorite kind of weather?
What's your favorite leisure activity?
What's your favorite line from that movie?
What's your favorite local restaurant?
What's your favorite love song?
What's your favorite magazine?
What's your favorite Mark Twain quote?
What's your favorite memory from childhood?
What's your favorite metaphor?
What's your favorite Michael Jackson music video?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
What's your favorite movie soundtrack?
What's your favorite movie this year?
What's your favorite movie with a car chase?
What's your favorite muscle car?
What's your favorite music group?
What's your favorite musical instrument?
What's your favorite mystery novel?
What's your favorite nail polish?
What's your favorite national park?
What's your favorite newspaper?
What's your favorite non-alcoholic beverage?
What's your favorite non-caffeinated drink?
What's your favorite non-electrical gadget?
What's your favorite non-fiction book?
What's your favorite non-Google search engine?
What's your favorite novel?
What's your favorite number?
What's your favorite nursery rhyme?
What's your favorite oldies song?
What's your favorite open source game?
What's your favorite open source software?
What's your favorite opera?
What's your favorite part of that movie?
What's your favorite part of the day?
What's your favorite part of this book?
What's your favorite Paul Gilbert solo?
What's your favorite perfume?
What's your favorite piece of furniture?
What's your favorite pizza topping?
What's your favorite place to go hear live music?
What's your favorite place to vacation in Japan?
What's your favorite podcast?
What's your favorite poem?
What's your favorite program on TV?
What's your favorite protest song?
What's your favorite proverb?
What's your favorite pun?
What's your favorite question to ask on a first date?
What's your favorite quiz show on TV?
What's your favorite racing game?
What's your favorite radio station?
What's your favorite recipe?
What's your favorite recording of Beethoven's Fifth?
What's your favorite restaurant in Boston?
What's your favorite restaurant?
What's your favorite role-playing game?
What's your favorite Rolling Stones album?
What's your favorite romance novel?
What's your favorite romantic movie?
What's your favorite sad song?
What's your favorite salad dressing?
What's your favorite sandwich?
What's your favorite saying?
What's your favorite scary movie?
What's your favorite screen saver?
What's your favorite search engine?
What's your favorite season of the year?
What's your favorite season?
What's your favorite seasoning?
What's your favorite self-help book?
What's your favorite shampoo?
What's your favorite sitcom?
What's your favorite ski area?
What's your favorite slang expression?
What's your favorite slogan?
What's your favorite small town in America?
What's your favorite snack?
What's your favorite soap opera?
What's your favorite soccer team?
What's your favorite soft drink?
What's your favorite song by the Rolling Stones?
What's your favorite song lyric?
What's your favorite song on this album?
What's your favorite song to dance to?
What's your favorite song to sing with young children?
What's your favorite song to workout to?
What's your favorite song?
What's your favorite sport to play?
What's your favorite sport to watch?
What's your favorite Star Trek episode?
What's your favorite subject at school?
What's your favorite subject in school?
What's your favorite subject?
What's your favorite summer activity?
What's your favorite summer food?
What's your favorite summer sport?
What's your favorite swear word?
What's your favorite talk show?
What's your favorite thing about Hawaii?
What's your favorite thing about your school?
What's your favorite thing in the whole world?
What's your favorite thing to do on a first date?
What's your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What's your favorite thing to do on weekends?
What's your favorite thing to do with your parents?
What's your favorite thing to do?
What's your favorite thing to have for lunch?
What's your favorite thing to have for supper?
What's your favorite thirst quencher?
What's your favorite time of day to exercise?
What's your favorite time of day?
What's your favorite time waster?
What's your favorite tongue twister?
What's your favorite toothpaste?
What's your favorite topic of conversation?
What's your favorite treat?
What's your favorite TV commercial?
What's your favorite TV show on Monday evening?
What's your favorite TV show theme song?
What's your favorite TV show?
What's your favorite type of dessert?
What's your favorite type of seafood?
What's your favorite upbeat song?
What's your favorite vacation spot?
What's your favorite vegetable?
What's your favorite video game?
What's your favorite way to cook beans?
What's your favorite way to cook potatoes?
What's your favorite way to cook trout?
What's your favorite way to exercise your dog?
What's your favorite way to get around?
What's your favorite way to get exercise?
What's your favorite way to relax?
What's your favorite way to spend time in Boston?
What's your favorite way to travel?
What's your favorite weapon?
What's your favorite web browser?
What's your favorite website?
What's your favorite wine?
What's your favorite winter activity?
What's your favorite winter food?
What's your favorite winter sport?
What's your favorite word?
What's your favorite yoga pose?
What's your favorite YouTube video?
What's your favorite ZZ Top song?
What's your favorite action movie?
What's your favorite charity?
What's your favorite constellation?
What's your favorite fast food restaurant?
What's your favorite font?
What's your favorite kind of apple?
What's your favorite kind of book to read?
What's your favorite kind of candy?
What's your favorite kind of fish to catch?
What's your favorite kind of fish?
What's your favorite kind of movie to watch with your children?
What's your favorite kind of movie to watch?
What's your favorite operating system?
What's your favorite part of the chicken?
Where's your favorite place to go when you want to be alone?
What's your favorite place to go when you want to think?
What's your favorite programming language?
What's your favorite room in your house?
What's your favorite salty snack?
What's your favorite snack food?
What's your favorite song in last year's top 100?
What's your favorite symphony?
What's your favorite thing about the Christmas season?
What's your favorite thing to do in your free time?
What's your favorite TV series?
What's your favorite war movie?
Please have pity on a poor blind man!
We do not travel to travel, but to have traveled.
Magic words and incantations are as fatal to our science as they are to any other. Methods, when classified and separated, acquire their true bearing and perspective as a means to an end, not as ends in themselves. We seek to find peace of mind in the word, the formula, the ritual. The hope is illusion.
Sunlight is said to be the best of disinfectants.
Fear of serious injury cannot alone justify suppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.
Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.
Decency, security, and liberty alike demand that government officials shall be subjected to the same rules of conduct that are commands to the citizen.
True democracy makes no enquiry about the color of skin, or the place of nativity, wherever it sees man, it recognizes a being endowed by his Creator with original inalienable rights.
A word is not a crystal, transparent and unchanging, it is the skin of a living thought and may vary greatly in colour and content according to the circumstances and time in which it is used.
The character of every act depends upon the circumstances in which it is done.
The most stringent protection of free speech would not protect a man in falsely shouting fire in a theatre and causing a panic.
Detached reflection cannot be demanded in the presence of an uplifted knife.
A page of history is worth a volume of logic.
There is in all men a demand for the superlative, so much so that the poor devil who has no other way of reaching it attains it by getting drunk.
The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
Taxes are the price we pay for a civilized society.
Young man, the secret of my success is that at an early age I discovered that I was not God.
I happen to prefer champagne to ditchwater, but there is no reason to suppose that the cosmos does.
The welfare of the farmer is vital to that of the whole country.
We are all imperfect. We cannot expect perfect government.
I am in favor of helping the prosperity of all countries because, when we are all prosperous, the trade of each becomes more valuable to the other.
I love judges, and I love courts. They are my ideals, that typify on earth what we shall meet hereafter in heaven under a just God.
The world is not going to be saved by legislation.
The President cannot make clouds to rain and cannot make the corn to grow, he cannot make business good; although when these things occur, political parties do claim some credit for the good things that have happened in this way.
If all the medicine in the world were thrown into the sea, it would be bad for the fish and good for humanity.
The sound of a kiss is not so loud as that of a cannon, but its echo lasts a deal longer.
We are all tattooed in our cradles with the beliefs of our tribe; the record may seem superficial, but it is indelible.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
I'm not paranoid, they really follow me!
Chinese strategists are said to be go players, whereas Western ones have the reputation of being chess players.
In Esperanto, nouns end with "o". Plurals are formed with the addition of "j".
Woe to who be alone, my friends. It seems that social isolation quickly destroys one's reason.
As I thought, Catherine is a beautiful girl after all.
The Collosseum is the very icon of Rome.
Once, if I remember well, my life was a feast where all hearts opened and all wines flowed.
One must be absolutely modern.
Don't be such a pompous ass!
Tell them I've had a wonderful life.
Thales said there was no difference between life and death. "Why, then," said some one to him, "do not you die?" "Because," said he, "it does make no difference."
Chilo advised not to speak evil of the dead.
Socrates said, "Those who want fewest things are nearest to the gods."
There is a written and an unwritten law. The one by which we regulate our constitutions in our cities is the written law; that which arises from customs is the unwritten law.
Of a rich man who was niggardly he said, "That man does not own his estate, but his estate owns him."
The road to Hades is the easiest to travel.
He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
On one occasion Aristotle was asked how much educated men were superior to those uneducated: "As much," said he, "as the living are to the dead."
Asked what he gained from philosophy, he answered, "To do without being commanded what others do from fear of the laws."
When asked what learning was the most necessary, he said, "Not to unlearn what you have learned."
Diogenes would frequently praise those who were about to marry, and yet did not marry.
"Bury me on my face," said Diogenes; and when he was asked why, he replied, "Because in a little while everything will be turned upside down."
The amount will go up in the case of recidivism.
A man once asked Diogenes what was the proper time for supper, and he made answer, "If you are a rich man, whenever you please; and if you are a poor man, whenever you can."
When asked what wine he liked to drink, he replied, "That which belongs to another."
Asked from what country he came, he replied, "I am a citizen of the world."
When a man reproached him for going into unclean places, he said, "The sun too penetrates into privies, but is not polluted by them."
When Zeno was asked what a friend was, he replied, "Another I."
They say that the first inclination which an animal has is to protect itself.
If any one were to take away from the books of Chrysippus all the passages which he quotes from other authors, his paper would be left empty.
One of the sophisms of Chrysippus was, "If you have not lost a thing, you have it."
It takes a wise man to discover a wise man.
Nothing can be produced out of nothing.
But we know nothing really; for truth lies deep down.
Pythagoras used to say that he had received as a gift from Mercury the perpetual transmigration of his soul, so that it was constantly transmigrating and passing into all sorts of plants or animals.
The mountains, too, at a distance appear airy masses and smooth, but seen near at hand, they are rough.
Epicurus laid down the doctrine that pleasure was the chief good.
Fortune is unstable, while our will is free.
When Alexander the Great addressed him with greetings, and asked if he wanted anything, Diogenes replied "Yes, stand a little out of my sunshine."
Seeing the son of a whore throwing rocks at a crowd, he said: "Be careful, you could hit your father."
Just as it sometimes happens that deformed offspring are produced by deformed parents, and sometimes not, so the offspring produced by a female are sometimes female, sometimes not, but male, because the female is as it were a deformed male.
Time crumbles things; everything grows old under the power of Time and is forgotten through the lapse of Time.
It is simplicity that makes the uneducated more effective than the educated when addressing popular audiences.
Man is by nature a political animal.
He who is unable to live in society, or who has no need because he is sufficient for himself, must be either a beast or a god.
Man, when perfected, is the best of animals, but when separated from law and justice, he is the worst of all.
They should rule who are able to rule best.
Inferiors revolt in order that they may be equal, and equals that they may be superior. Such is the state of mind which creates revolutions.
A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious.
The appropriate age for marriage is around eighteen for girls and thirty-seven for men.
Young people are in a condition like permanent intoxication, because youth is sweet and they are growing.
To the query, "What is a friend?" his reply was "A single soul dwelling in two bodies."
But he who knows what insanity is, is sane; whereas insanity can no more be sensible of its own existence, than blindness can see itself.
Our youth we can have but to-day, we may always find time to grow old.
Kindness is born out of strength.
When the four limbs are placed correctly and the vital energy of blood is tranquil, the thoughts will be unified, and mind will be concentrated: ears and eyes will not be flooded, and what is distant will be like what is close, - the knowledge will be born out of thinking.
In the country of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
I have no patience with those who say that sexual excitement is shameful and that venereal stimuli have their origin not in nature, but in sin. Nothing is so far from the truth.
I am a lover of liberty. I will not and I cannot serve a party.
Unblended gold in its pure form is so soft, that one can knead it by hand.
I doubt if a single individual could be found from the whole of mankind free from some form of insanity. The only difference is one of degree.
How far is an Irishman from a drunkard? The breadth of the table.
No one enters heaven except through philosophy.
In fact history does not belong to us but rather we to it. Long before we understand ourselves through the process of self-examination, we understand ourselves in a self-evident way in the family, society, and state in which we live.
The work of art that says something confronts us itself. That is, it expresses something in such a way that what is said is like a discovery, a disclosure of something previously concealed.
Even God cannot make two times two not make four.
Everything flows, nothing stands still.
Nothing endures but change.
You could not step twice into the same river; for other waters are ever flowing on to you.
The road up and the road down is one and the same.
The condition of Man is a condition of Warre of every one against every one.
Where there is no common power, there is no law, where no law, no injustice. Force, and fraud, are in war the cardinal virtues.
Whatsoever therefore is consequent to a time of Warre, where every man is Enemy to every man; the same is consequent to the time, wherein men live without other security, than what their own strength, and their own invention shall furnish them withall. In such condition, there is no place for Industry; because the fruit thereof is uncertain; and consequently no Culture of the Earth; no Navigation, nor use of the commodities that may be imported by Sea; no commodious Building; no Instruments of moving, and removing such things as require much force; no Knowledge of the face of the Earth; no account of Time; no Arts; no Letters; no Society; and which is worst of all, continuall feare, and danger of violent death; And the life of man, solitary, poore, nasty, brutish, and short.
Do not that to another, which thou wouldst not have done to thyself.
True enjoyment comes from activity of the mind and exercise of the body; the two are ever united.
I am more and more convinced that our happiness or our unhappiness depends far more on the way we meet the events of life than on the nature of those events themselves.
I'm not paranoid, they do follow me!
Just the word "French" has her wet her pants.
I have known Taro since ten years ago.
Tatoeba: so you never get lost in translation.
The robot was so lifelike that it was uncanny.
Kids, listen!
Her friends look up to her.
She reconciled with her friend.
The eruption seems to be waning.
She is respected by her friends.
He is respected by his friends.
Someone came.
I know some of Nancy's friends.
Be careful about what you eat.
We are now forming a republican government. Real liberty is neither found in despotism or the extremes of democracy, but in moderate governments.
I won't do that. I'd rather die.
Men are rather reasoning than reasonable animals, for the most part governed by the impulse of passion.
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passion, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.
There is nothing which I dread so much as a division of the republic into two great parties, each arranged under its leader, and concerting measures in opposition to each other. This, in my humble apprehension, is to be dreaded as the greatest political evil under our Constitution.
Our obligations to our country never cease but with our lives.
Man who preys both on the vegetable and animal species, is himself a prey to neither.
If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.
All persons shall have full and free liberty of religious opinion; nor shall any be compelled to frequent or maintain any religious institution.
The basis of our government being the opinion of the people, the very first object should be to keep that right; and were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
There is a time for many words, and there is also a time for sleep.
To even mention all the things the bird must constantly keep in mind in order to fly securely through the air would take a considerable part of the evening... The bird has learned this art of equilibrium, and learned it so thoroughly that its skill is not apparent to our sight. We only learn to appreciate it when we try to imitate it.
For we must consider that we shall be a city upon a hill.
The Higgs boson has been called the God particle.
What's your favorite spectator sport?
She left with her friends.
He hates running.
My words are golden.
Now I'll call my lawyer!
I don't need to have fun to drink.
Oh, you're pricks!
I love Luther.
The exact meaning of metaphysics is controversial.
The observation of gravitational waves will start a new phase in the study of the universe.
Malcom killed Tom because he was tired of seeing his name in lots of sentences.
Malcom killed Tom because he was tired of seeing his name in lots of prayers.
It's a trap!
Who's your favorite TV star?
Who's your favorite actor or actress?
Who's your favorite American actor?
Who's your favorite announcer on CNN?
Who's your favorite artist?
Who's your favorite athlete?
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Who's your favorite blogger?
Who's your favorite British author?
Who's your favorite celebrity?
Who's your favorite character in this book?
Who's your favorite character in this movie?
Who's your favorite character on Glee?
Who's your favorite Charlie's Angel?
Who's your favorite child actor?
Who's your favorite classical guitarist?
Who's your favorite comedian?
Who's your favorite comic book character?
Who's your favorite comic book super hero?
Who's your favorite country artist?
Who's your favorite country musician?
Who's your favorite country singer?
Who's your favorite CSI cast member?
Who's your favorite Disney cartoon character?
Who's your favorite Disney character?
Who's your favorite DJ?
Who's your favorite drummer?
Who's your favorite economist?
Who's your favorite family member on your father's side of the family?
Who's your favorite family member on your mother's side?
Who's your favorite family member?
Who's your favorite fashion designer?
Who's your favorite fashion model?
Who's your favorite female rapper?
Who's your favorite fictional character?
Who's your favorite figure skater?
Who's your favorite game show host?
Who's your favorite golfer?
Who's your favorite guitarist?
Who's your favorite jazz violinist?
Who's your favorite heavy metal guitarist?
Who's your favorite hip-hop artist?
Who's your favorite historical person?
Who's your favorite hockey player?
Who's your favorite Hollywood actor?
Who's your favorite horror movie character?
Who's your favorite James Bond?
Who's your favorite Japanese singer?
Who's your favorite bluegrass musician?
Who's your favorite jazz singer?
Who's your favorite Korean musician?
Who's your favorite late night talk show host?
Who's your favorite left-handed baseball player?
Who's your favorite lyricist?
Who's your favorite movie director?
Who's your favorite movie star?
Who's your favorite movie villain?
Who's your favorite musician?
Who's your favorite newscaster?
Who's your favorite painter?
Who's your favorite person to cook for?
Who's your favorite person to hang out with?
Who's your favorite philosopher?
Who's your favorite photographer?
Who's your favorite pianist?
Who's your favorite player on our basketball team?
Who's your favorite poet?
Who's your favorite politician?
Who's your favorite professor?
Who's your favorite race car driver?
Who's your favorite reality TV star?
Who's your favorite saxophonist?
Who's your favorite science fiction writer?
Who's your favorite singer-songwriter?
Who's your favorite soccer player?
Who's your favorite song writer?
Who's your favorite sports announcer?
Who's your favorite stand-up comedian?
Who's your favorite Star Wars character?
Who's your favorite super hero?
Who's your favorite talk show host?
Who's your favorite teacher?
Who's your favorite TV chef?
Who's your favorite video game character?
Who's your favorite wrestler?
Who's your favorite writer?
Who's your favorite?
Tell us a cultural experience you have experienced.
I really hate dairy products.
Let's conduct a research.
Let's conduct a study.
Let's make a cake.
Let's make a drawing.
We made a huge mistake.
Stop talking shop!
Let's talk shop for a while.
Are you talking shop?
Don't talk shop to me.
Talk shop to someone else.
To talk shop is boring.
To talk shop is fun.
We are the backing group.
They are the backing group.
You are the backing group.
My wife loves apple pie.
My wife likes apple pie a lot.
Which air conditioner do you think is the most efficient?
My mother gets up earlier than anyone else.
She wanted to understand.
She's a slave to fashion.
She's a fashion slave.
She was a girl of imposing appearance and winning manners. But this staggered him. If she were such a slave to fashion and observance, she was not the woman for his wife.
Certainly, Aunt Wealthy was no slave to fashion.
She was young handsome vain and giddy and completely the slave of fashion.
At no period of our ancient history does there appear to have been greater attention paid to the culture of the female mind than during the age of Elizabeth and at no time has there existed a greater number of amiable and respectable women.
Only the surface of things reveals the essence of things.
Boiled potatoes are much easier to digest than terracotta potatoes.
During the imprisonment of Sir Thomas a frequent intercourse of letters passed between him and this beloved daughter and when deprived of pen and ink he contrived to write to her with a coal.
Among some who have read Blackstone and more who have not an opinion prevails that a husband may chastise his wife provided the weapon be not thicker than his little finger.
The man that lays his hand upon a woman, save in the way of kindness, is a wretch whom't were gross flattery to name a coward.
A daughter of the first Earl of Gowrie was courted by a young gentleman much her inferior in rank and fortune.
It seems probable that the licentiousness ordinarily imputed to Sappho may be a calumny.
On his return the chaste caresses of his wife amply recompenced the warrior for the fatigues he had undergone and for the danger which he had been exposed.
At an Indian wedding at the Phillipine islands the bride retired from the company in order to go down to the river to wash her feet. As she was thus employed an alligator seized her.
Where goes man? Where his heart calls him to.
You can have the last word with a woman, on the condition that it is yes.
A legal kiss will never equal a stolen one.
A kiss is the best way to keep silent while saying it all.
Eric who was a weak prince issued a bad coinage which excited great discontent among the Danes.
Mrs Cockburn concealed her name lest the knowledge of her sex and youth should produce a prejudice against her work.
We love our mother almost without knowing it, without feeling it, as it is as natural as to live.
Upon the day appointed for their execution she cut off her hair and dressed herself as if going to a fete.
How to merely get tea?
An interesting record is still preserved of the inhuman cruelties which were inflicted on this admirable young woman in the secret of the prison house where no eye pitied her and where no friendly hand composed her aching limbs.
The wood was kindled, the flames arose, and a mouldering heap of ashes was soon all that remained of Mrs Askew and her fellow martyrs.
Eleanor though the daughter of a king and brought up in the greatest luxury determined to share misfortune with her husband.
Eleanor suffered severely for her conjugal affection even after the death of her husband by being imprisoned for the dreadful period of forty-three years.
Roger Ascham one day paying a visit to the amiable but unfortunate Lady Jane Grey found her employed in reading Plato while the rest of the family were engaged in a hunting party in the park.
On the 2nd of September 1792 when the general massacre of the prisoners took place at Paris, M. Sombreuil was on the point of being sacrificed when he was rescued from the hands of the assassins by the heroic conduct of his daughter, though on the dreadful condition that she would drink success to the republic in a goblet of blood!
The behaviour of the Princess Monaco, one of the many victims of the French revolution, on the morning of her execution, will be long remembered for its eccentricity and heroism.
A miserable quarrel provoked by the hardheartedness of the landlord of a public-house, who insisted upon having three pounds of bread in payment for two pennyworth of wine which the woman had regaled herself with, was the circumstance that constituted the charge, and which, if substantiated would be punishable by five or ten years' imprisonment.
The treatment of the female sex has varied considerably in different ages and countries.
Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through.
There is nothing in this world constant, but inconstancy.
There are few, very few, that will own themselves in a mistake, though all the World sees them to be in downright nonsense.
'Tis very warm weather when one's in bed.
But nothing is so hard for those who abound in riches, as to conceive how others can be in want.
For, in reason, all government without the consent of the governed is the very definition of slavery: but in fact, eleven men well armed will certainly subdue one single man in his shirt.
I have been assured by a very knowing American of my acquaintance in London, that a young healthy child well nursed is at a year old a most delicious, nourishing, and wholesome food, whether stewed, roasted, baked, or boiled; and I make no doubt that it will equally serve in a fricassee or a ragout.
Pedantry is properly the over-rating of any kind of knowledge we pretend to.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest persons uneasy is the best bred in the company.
We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
And he gave it for his opinion, that whosoever could make two ears of corn or two blades of grass to grow upon a spot of ground where only one grew before, would deserve better of mankind, and do more essential service to his country, than the whole race of politicians put together.
Emet is very interested in soccer, but simply does not know how to play.
Smoking one cigarette a day is a good habit.
Galaxies come in all sorts of delicious flavours.
She was well-dressed.
She was wearing a splendid outfit.
We can't deny the fact that he's honest.
Oh, I just gained two kilos. I should stop eating snacks.
I'll leave you to it.
Americans have to spend hours figuring out their taxes.
I spend a few hours a day maintaining my website.
I spent two hours yesterday trying to fix that broken radio.
It's so hot outside that I want to spend all day in my air conditioned house.
Please spend a few minutes thinking about this.
She has spent hours at the gym trying to lose weight.
She'll spend the next four years in prison.
They spent the entire day on the beach.
To become a professional banjo player, you need to spend thousands of hours practicing.
How many hours a day do you spend in your office?
How many hours a day does she spend in the kitchen?
Are you spending enough time with your kids?
Before I get out of bed, I spend a little time thinking about what I'll be doing the rest of the day.
Do you spend more time at home or at work?
Do you spend more time with your friends or with your family?
Do you spend most of your time worrying about things that don't matter so much?
Do you spend much time writing email?
Do you think your parents spent enough time with you when you were in your teens?
Don't forget to spend a little time looking over your notes before the exam.
How do you think I can convince her to spend more time with me?
How much time and energy do you spend on projects that don't make you any money?
How much time did you spend doing research before you started writing?
How much time do you actually spend thinking about the future?
How much time do you spend cleaning your house?
How much time do you spend every day helping your children with their homework?
How much time do you spend on Facebook?
How much time do you spend shaving every day?
How much time do you spend with your spouse?
How much time does the average teenager watch TV every day?
I spend as much time working in the garden in one day as my brother does in a week.
I spent a great deal of time dealing with that problem last week.
I think you need to spend a little more time on your homework.
I want to spend more time doing things that make me happy.
I want to spend more time doing things that matter.
I wish my girlfriend would spend more time with me.
I wish that I could have spent more time with my father before he died.
I wish that we could spend more time together.
I would like to drastically decrease the amount of time it takes me to clean the house.
I'd like to spend less time at work and more time at home.
I'd love to be able to find more time that I could spend relaxing.
I'd love to be able to spend less time doing household chores.
I'd rather clean my room than spend time doing my homework.
I've spent way too much time thinking about this problem.
If you only had one more week to live, what would you spend your time doing?
If you plan well, you can spend less time doing unnecessary things and get the work done faster.
If you spend too much time in the sun without putting on sunscreen, you are likely to get a sunburn.
Is it worth spending time trying to help people who don't want to be helped?
Last year, I couldn't spend as much time with my children as I wanted to.
Last year, I spent so much time by myself that I almost forgot how to communicate effectively with others.
Let's spend less time arguing and more time working.
Many people think that children don't spend enough time playing outside.
Many people think that children spend too much time watching TV.
My teacher told me that I should have spent more time preparing my speech.
Parents should spend quality time with their children.
She spends a little time each day reading the Bible.
She spends a lot of time helping her children learn to deal with money.
She spends a majority of her time taking care of her children.
She spends a pretty good chunk of time just sitting there and looking out the window.
She spends all her time thinking about boys.
She spends more time thinking about work than doing it.
She spends over a third of her time doing paperwork.
She spends time with her grandmother every Sunday.
She spends way too much time surfing the web.
She spent a lot of time writing her essay.
She spent some time in Boston.
She'd rather be spending time with someone else.
Since I have no children, I have more time to spend doing volunteer work than parents do.
Some healthcare workers spend more time doing paperwork than taking care of patients.
Some people think the president spends too much time traveling.
Spend your time wisely and you'll always have enough of it.
Spending time with your family should be your priority.
Spending time with your significant other should be high on your priority list.
Studying how to communicate effectively is time well spent.
The amount of time you spend practicing the trumpet is up to you.
The more time I spend doing this, the less time I have to do things I enjoy doing.
The more time you spend talking about what you do, the less time you have to do it.
The time women spend doing housework is now a lot less than it used to be.
They say that girls spend more time worrying about how they look than boys do.
To be happy, you should spend time with someone you love.
Try not to spend so much time complaining about things you can't change.
We should spend our time creating content for our website rather than wasting time worrying about minor cosmetic details.
What activity do you spend most of your time doing?
What do most young Italian girls spend their time doing?
What do nurses spend most of their time doing?
What do you spend a majority of your time doing?
What do you spend most of your time doing?
What do you spend most of your time on the computer doing?
What you spend time doing in your childhood affects the rest of your life.
Why do you spend so much time watching TV?
Wouldn't you rather spend your time doing something you enjoy?
You often need to spend more time doing something than you anticipated.
You should always spend time doing things that help your children get ahead in life.
You should spend a little time each day reviewing vocabulary.
You should spend less time complaining and more time doing something productive.
You should spend more time outside and less time inside.
You should spend more time studying than you do.
You should spend what little time you have left with your friends.
This little grouping of chairs looks like a horse.
Mandeep found that grouping the kids into fours or fives yielded the best results.
If the sprinkles on your child's cupcake are attracted to magnets, they are iron filings and should not be consumed.
I still have these little groupings of scabs from when the school bully tossed live leeches at me.
That's an odd note grouping for that chord. Try spreading it out over two octaves instead of one.
Ever the organizer, Reggie separates his Skittles into groupings of the same flavor before he eats them.
Horatio's kids are such handfuls.
The new, more diverse faculty groupings formulated a few rather left-field research questions.
A grouping of local businesses held a canned food drive for the homeless this past Saturday.
Many of the world's seven thousand or so languages are spoken only by handfuls of living people and are in danger of extinction.
Two heaping handfuls of cheese made for a rather unwieldy quesadilla.
I was abducted and impregnated by wolves who landed their flying saucer in my backyard.
What is your favourite convenience store chain?
Every sunday, I drive to my local Buddhist temple. I drive really fast, with loud music on.
And you know why? Because of cats.
Could you tell me your mobile number please?
The weather is just right today.
The weather is perfect today.
Your singing puts many a professional singer to shame.
Nothing makes us greater than a great suffering.
Great artists have no country.
An unhappy people makes for great artists.
The real is for me, but fiction.
A man without patience is like a lamp without oil.
The confusion beggars belief.
Do you have a soup dish?
Do you keep a dream diary?
Do you keep a dream journal?
When we grow old, we wake up every morning with the feeling that the heater is not turned on.
I forgot it in the garage.
Tom is fit to become a businessman.
The unwaged often receive a discount at theatres and museums.
Having lost my job I became one of the unwaged.
If we're not careful, the tiger will soon go the way of the dodo.
I wonder if she might not have become unable to move because of an illness.
Tonight was also a windless night.
My level 9 barbarian has died.
Please fix that.
It's raining today. Where is my umbrella?
The brightest flame burns quickest.
Maybe tomorrow, I'll find my way.
There's always someone talking.
Would you like mango, apples and papaya?
May I talk to Mr. Brown?
Please show me another camera.
Friends today, enemies tomorrow.
I feel strange today and I don't understand why.
Mom! Hector's bugging me!
This development tool has a high learning cost.
The doctor advised me to lose weight.
What time will the washing machine repairman come?
Do you know what time they came?
Try this candy.
If I didn't have money I wouldn't have a house.
My mother says Japanese kids aren't naughty, but they live very far away, so Santa Claus doesn't bring them gifts. Thank goodness I was born in Spain.
My daughter likes to play with dolls.
Hit the lights and let's go.
English is spoken around the world.
If you study, you'll become an important person in the future.
There's a huge hole in the wall.
You can't stop me.
She can't stop me.
The plaza is packed with people.
And our generation? Some have come to be parents, others have come undone, and still others have come to nothing.
Could you dress the salad?
Remain on the lookout.
Keep listening.
When you reach a certain age you don't stand on ceremony.
I won't let you speak to me that way.
This can't be!
I'm going to brush my teeth.
Don't touch my spaghetti bridge! The glue is still hardening.
Her heart has been hardening all throughout her string of bad hookups.
I'll bet your arteries are already hardening from all those French fries!
The gulf between the haves and the have-nots grows ever wider, to Victorian levels, even.
After hardening, you can use your new vase to hold flowers.
Elves are Santa's little helpers.
My parents read books and magazines, but I read more.
Peer helpers made the teacher's job a lot easier, but established a cruel hierarchy among the students.
Your father is pretty tall.
They say that seeing is believing.
Turn to face the back please.
A karuta gathering was being held at the hatamoto's estate.
She is anxious about her safety.
It is hard to love someone when you do not know whether he or she loves you as much as you love him or her.
She is worried about his safety.
Animals have instincts, we have taxes.
Society is an insane asylum run by the inmates.
She spends her free time making dolls.
My level 9 barbarian has been killed.
Was it so large as that?
Is there any way to an unperturbed mind?
When a Sage shall again arise, he will certainly follow my words.
Since there were living men until now, there never was another Confucius.
"There's a shark in the water" she whispered.
Can you spy the cat among the pigeons?
The G8? A like-minded banquet for the rich.
Art is not an exact science, it's an art.
Women like men the way they like their coffee: strong and hot to keep them awake all night long.
Best men are like the best coffee: strong, hot and keeps you awake all night long.
"The exam will be held this day week," said the teacher.
She finally managed to get a hold of her old friend.
Today is the birthday of the queen of pop Kylie Minogue!
Each house is near another.
Fight for your right.
I appreciate how hard you've worked to grow this business.
Everything is never as it seems.
How do you spell your surname?
I have to resit an English exam next week.
Cities and provinces along the Yangtze River in central China are grappling with the country's worst drought in more than 50 years.
Poyang Lake is the largest freshwater lake in China.
Five tremors in excess of magnitude 5.0 on the Richter scale have shaken Japan just this week, but scientists are warning that the largest expected aftershock has yet to hit.
I'm closing my store.
Drink and eat.
If you want to learn Chinese well, you can study in China.
I work with her boyfriend.
When the sun of culture sets, the dwarves too look like giants.
"Is this Arabic?" "No, it's Uyghur - a language that's spoken in northwestern China."
Making a clean separation between the "useful" and the "useless" is about as straightforward as drawing the fine line between water and ice.
Everything is alright.
There's no place like home.
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.
Do you have a temperature?
I eat Chinese food once in a blue moon.
He is lying.
He is telling a lie.
He's lying.
He can't speak much English.
He can hardly speak any English.
He can speak just a little English.
He can speak only a little English.
He can only speak a little English.
Who moved the furniture?
Everywhere he goes, he tells a lie.
Every sentence present in Tatoeba is a lie, especially this one.
Hunting is not allowed in national parks.
Hunting is prohibited in national parks.
We cannot predict what will happen.
When the pupil is ready to learn, a teacher will appear.
Two hands clap and there is a sound. What is the sound of one hand?
President Barack Obama praised Poland as an example for aspiring democracies in the Middle East and elsewhere.
If you meet the Buddha on the road, kill him.
I turn off the light, where does it go?
Can an illusion exist?
When there's nothing left to do, what do you do?
The man looks into the mirror, the mirror looks into him.
Challenger exploded on January 28th 1986.
Umezawa has had the hobby of writing haikus since he was young.
Come on, hang in there!
Just study Buddhism. Don't follow the sentiments of the world.
Students, when you want to say something, think about it three times before you say it. Speak only if your words will benefit yourselves and others. Do not speak if it brings no benefit.
Having no destination, I am never lost.
And so the Big Bad Wolf huffed, and he puffed, and he blew down the tag that demanded a native check.
I wish copyrights didn't last so long.
If I hadn't remembered, I would have forgotten.
It's never too late to learn.
Can't we just agree to disagree?
Let's just agree to disagree.
Let's agree to disagree.
I guess we could just agree to disagree.
Do you have any complaints?
Its conclusion is crystal clear.
The conclusion is crystal clear.
Trust me. It'll be plain sailing.
Did you see it?
How are you all?
It mortifies me.
Let us sit down.
It is impossible.
It was agreed to.
Now is your time.
What does he say?
What is it about?
This is my advice.
What are we to do?
What do you think?
It is too long ago.
Jane was not happy.
She shook her head.
What could he mean?
He cannot afford it.
I do not deserve it.
It cannot last long.
It was unpardonable.
Jane was distressed.
He is his own master.
I am not equal to it.
Where is your sister?
You do not look well.
How was that possible?
I am sick of them all.
I am very, very sorry.
It is highly improper.
He knows where we live.
How can it affect them?
I cannot understand it.
Is it not clear enough?
I wish I could see her.
Do you know Mr. Bingley?
Elizabeth was delighted.
He readily agreed to it.
Is he married or single?
They are my old friends.
He drew a chair near her.
I never saw such a woman.
Nobody wants him to come.
We now come to the point.
What would she have said?
Will you come and see me?
Darcy said nothing at all.
I have said no such thing.
It is what everybody says.
They had several children.
Are you going much farther?
I am trying to make it out.
I can recall nothing worse.
I hope he will overlook it.
Does she live near you, sir?
I am a gentleman's daughter.
Have you heard from my uncle?
I never meant to deceive you.
It became her turn to listen.
Sir William did not say much.
We had better not mention it.
Have all her friends left her?
I speak nothing but the truth.
You alluded to something else.
Do you prefer reading to cards?
I suppose you have heard of it.
Let me hear from you very soon.
She certainly did not hate him.
I know how much you dislike him.
They had long wished to see him.
What can be the meaning of this?
What could be the meaning of it?
Speak to Lizzy about it yourself.
There is nothing else to be done.
You never see a fault in anybody.
Do you often dance at St. James's?
I expected you to stay two months.
Lydia was exceedingly fond of him.
I am sure Lizzy will be very happy.
She has known him only a fortnight.
We passed each other several times.
What do you keep winking at me for?
Does that young lady know Mr. Darcy?
I am sure she can have no objection.
Mr. Darcy is engaged to my daughter.
She answered him with cold civility.
There is nothing the matter with me.
It must have been his sister's doing.
Why should they try to influence him?
I will speak to her about it directly.
Do you not want to know who has taken it?
I believe I have now told you everything.
I do not know who is good enough for him.
She is a most charming young lady indeed.
Did you see him while you were at Lambton?
Elizabeth immediately began playing again.
Mr. Hurst looked at her with astonishment.
Your mother insists upon your accepting it.
Mr. Gardiner left them soon after breakfast.
I am sure you will be very comfortable there.
Will you tell me how long you have loved him?
Lady Catherine, I have nothing further to say.
What can have induced him to behave so cruelly?
Four weeks passed away, and Jane saw nothing of him.
I began to be afraid you would never come back again.
She was disappointed, and angry with herself for being so.
Who would have thought that she could be so thin and small?
Mr. Darcy asked him why he had not married your sister at once.
I understand that Mr. Collins has made you an offer of marriage.
If your feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once.
I will listen to your chest. Breathe deeply, please. Now hold your breath.
To succeed, you must believe.
It's rumoured he comes from old money.
Tired of always having the same style?
John tends to get angry when he doesn't get his own way.
How is your family name written?
What's the spelling of your family name?
How do you write your last name?
How do you spell your last name?
I will give you a new bicycle for your birthday.
Man is the measure of all things: of things which are, that they are, and of things which are not, that they are not.
My children like saccharum.
A software engineer writes computer programs.
Fresh snow brought about a festive atmosphere.
That was a delicious meal.
Thanks for the meal.
Thanks for paying for the meal.
Even nudists often use euphemisms when referring to naughty parts.
I love green peppers.
I may give up soon and just take a nap.
We give this town to the Serb Nation.
It's not all that uncommon for people to live past the age of ninety.
It's not at all rare to live to be over ninety years old.
Excuse me. I'd like to point out three errors in the above article.
Are you angry because of what I said?
You've bought more stamps than needed.
You've bought more stamps than necessary.
You need to apologize to her and need to do it right away.
You must apologize to her, and do it at once.
I think you'd better go and visit him.
I think you should visit him.
You didn't need to see him to the door.
There was no need for you to see him to the door.
It wasn't necessary for you to see him to the door.
He is the enfant terrible of Hollywood.
All you need to do is ask him to pay the loan.
He lives all alone in the woods.
All you have to do is ask him to pay the debt.
You shouldn't have told him such a thing.
You shouldn't have said that kind of thing to him.
Happiness is probably wanting what you already have, not having what you want.
In my opinion, happiness has a few fundamental requirements.
However, apart from Buddhists, hardly anyone can consistently follow this principle.
Firstly, happiness is related to money.
Claiming that money is not a requirement for happiness is foolish.
If you have no way to buy food, clothing, accommodation and other such daily necessities, you definitely won't be able to have peace of mind.
Money is important in this way.
I fucking don't know how to translate this sentence, translate it yourself, everybody deal with their own shit.
This shows that happiness and sadness are only separated by attitude.
Other requirements come from your relationships with other people and your daily activities.
Germans have been warned not to eat cucumbers.
As human beings are social animals, friendship is an essential part of life.
When you encounter difficulties, friends can help you deal with them.
Even if you're really going through hard times, a good friend can improve your spirits.
So friendship is also a requirement for happiness.
Who is your lawyer?
"It's that I want to buy a camera, but...." "If it's cameras you're talking about, I know a good place."
Anything you say can and will be used against you.
I have a hunch.
It's unbecoming to speak of money.
I can't let myself have any more setbacks.
I'm lactose intolerant.
I like to read the news.
I need to renew my ID card.
I want the whole world to have the opportunity to be able to do what it wants.
Many people take advantage of the weekend to carry out housework.
Would you be so kind as to let me borrow your cell phone, please?
How much is this worth?
Would God, I were the tender apple blossom, That floats and falls from off the twisted bough, To lie and faint within your silken bosom, Within your silken bosom as that does now.
The first time, she wasn't very firm with him.
Or would I were a little burnish'd apple For you to pluck me, gliding by so cold, While sun and shade your robe of lawn will dapple, Your robe of lawn, and your hair's spun gold.
Let my hair down now if you can.
Yea, would to God, I were among the roses, That lean to kiss you as you float between While on the lowest branch a bud uncloses A bud uncloses, to touch you, my queen.
It's worth a fortune.
Nay, since you will not love, would I were growing A happy daisy, in the garden path That so your silver foot might press me going, Might press me going even unto death.
He dropped the sausage on the ground.
Where can I find the visitor center?
Send us your videos with your name and age to PO Box 4413.
The tinto de verano looks like the calimocho.
I only bring you tea alone.
Hoist the sails!
It was foolish for him to turn down her offer.
It was stupid for him to turn down her offer.
He'll play golf even if it rains.
Even if it rains, he'll play golf.
He was eventually sentenced to five years in prison for that violent crime.
Because the voices of protest grew louder and louder, his speech couldn't be heard.
Even without makeup, she's very cute.
Even when she's not wearing makeup, she's very beautiful.
Mubarak faces criminal charges.
He's totally lost it.
The snow brought public transport to a halt.
Anna's sister is more beautiful than my best friend Agata.
Valeria's book is on that old and terrible blue table.
Mark's book is very interesting.
This is Lucia's pen.
She is going to Bob's.
A severed penis constitutes a solid piece of evidence for rape.
Is there Maggie's bag in the kitchen?
My father's name is Robert.
This decision was accepted with grinding teeth.
I love coffee.
They love coffee.
We love coffee.
You love coffee.
He loves coffee.
She loves coffee.
Today is a day of remembrance for those who gave the ultimate sacrifice for the good of the United States.
This stuff is worth its weight in gold!
He told me he wanted to quit the company.
Even though the media reports that she is a potential presidential candidate, does anyone really think that she is a potential president?
The plane was delayed for two hours on account of the bad weather.
The bad weather delayed the plane.
The bad weather delayed the plane's departure by two hours.
The following is my actual address.
The president saluted the public.
That's not my thing.
She devoted her entire life to the study of physics.
Because of the bad weather, the plane's departure was delayed by two hours.
Tom did not know their names.
What are the causes of among the people?
Do you know me? - No, I don't.
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was close."
When the bus swerved to miss a cat, the driver said, "That was a close call."
What denominations would you like that in?
The actress is learning her lines.
The actress is learning her part.
The actress is running her lines.
The actress is practising her lines.
In 2006, the International Astronomical Union decided to create a new category for solar system objects called "dwarf planets", and Pluto was reclassified as a dwarf planet.
Then they played "ring-a-ring-a-rosy" until they were worn out.
You stole my bike, and now I'm going to break your face.
His face was red.
Please do not leave your luggage unattended.
A mortgage rate of six percent is becoming the current industry average.
Do you like the city?
Neither Mary nor John can swim.
Mary and John both can't swim.
One hunts wild boar at night.
I always work while listening to the radio.
I had no other choice but to do it.
He is stronger than ever.
Because my husband has been admitted to hospital, I am writing on his behalf.
We have recently discussed this problem.
How long have you known each other?
I have always wanted to live in Rome.
He has never asked me any questions.
The teacher and I sat facing each other.
He has worked in this factory for 11 years.
They have been married for ages.
If I were really rich, I would never work in a place like this.
What will you do if you fail the exam?
If you decide to work for us, we will pay you twice as much.
If you decided to work for us we would pay you twice as much.
If the weather is fine, we will go for a trip to the countryside tomorrow.
If he really liked me, he would call me more often.
If he really liked me, he would have called me last night.
If he had called me last night, I would have told him the truth.
If I knew him better, I would tell him the truth.
They are victims of the so-called war.
"I'm getting too old to be playing with bugs", said the boy.
Luke, I am your son.
Luke, I am your cousin.
I'm telling you, his old car won't fetch a red cent.
The small thug beat up the convenience store employee.
Waiting for a train is tedious.
She was overjoyed.
She was overcome with happiness.
I'll take him with me to the hospital.
Last year I suffered from an inflammation of my middle ear.
He stood toe to toe with his enemy.
But it smells strange.
We all thought it strange that she had ditched such a pleasant guy.
He shaves daily.
Do you really think that it's bad?
Why am I so bad at allocating my time?
I heard that there were female snow spirits in Echigo, but I don't know whether it's true or not.
The child knows how to swim, so she won't drown in the water.
You're not real, no, you're not real!
I paid in full for this.
How long do you think we'll have to wait?
You can't easily put photos on an iPad from more than one computer. However, you can email photos to yourself from various computers and download these photos to your iPad.
You can't view Flash content on an iPad. However, you can easily email yourself the URLs of these web pages and view that content on your regular computer when you get home.
My friend recommended that I shouldn't buy an iPad yet, but to wait until I see what Apple's competitors come out with.
He spent the morning reading a book.
I got a bonus.
Earlier, as I was walking down the sidewalk, a car drove by and splashed water on me. Look at this! My skirt and shoes are all muddy.
A farewell party was held for Mr. Jones.
A goodbye party was held for Mr. Jones.
The French are wiser than they seem, and the Spaniards seem wiser than they are.
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
It is not as a child that I believe and confess Jesus Christ. My hosanna is born of a furnace of doubt.
If you want to be respected by others the great thing is to respect yourself. Only by that, only by self-respect will you compel others to respect you.
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
Nothing in this world is harder than speaking the truth, nothing easier than flattery.
Lack of originality, everywhere, all over the world, from time immemorial, has always been considered the foremost quality and the recommendation of the active, efficient and practical man...
Inventors and geniuses have almost always been looked on as no better than fools at the beginning of their career, and very frequently at the end of it also.
The prince says that the world will be saved by beauty! And I maintain that the reason he has such playful ideas is that he is in love.
Pass by us, and forgive us our happiness.
Man is unhappy because he doesn't know he's happy. It's only that.
There is no sin, and there can be no sin on all the earth, which the Lord will not forgive to the truly repentant! Man cannot commit a sin so great as to exhaust the infinite love of God. Can there be a sin which could exceed the love of God?
Fathers and teachers, I ponder, "What is hell?" I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
People talk sometimes of a bestial cruelty, but that's a great injustice and insult to the beasts; a beast can never be so cruel as a man, so artistically cruel. The tiger only tears and gnaws, that's all he can do. He would never think of nailing people by the ears, even if he were able to do it.
Beauty is a terrible and awful thing! It is terrible because it has not been fathomed, for God sets us nothing but riddles. Here the boundaries meet and all contradictions exist side by side.
In most cases, people, even the most vicious, are much more naive and simple-minded than we assume them to be. And this is true of ourselves too.
Even those who have renounced Christianity and attack it, in their inmost being still follow the Christian ideal, for hitherto neither their subtlety nor the ardor of their hearts has been able to create a higher ideal of man and of virtue than the ideal given by Christ.
If they drive God from the earth, we shall shelter Him underground.
What terrible tragedies realism inflicts on people.
To be in love is not the same as loving. You can be in love with a woman and still hate her.
The more I detest men individually the more ardent becomes my love for humanity.
I think the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness.
If countries were named after the words you first hear when you go there, England would have to be called Damn It.
Where the frontier of science once was is now the centre.
It's THAT good?!
A book which, above all others in the world, should be forbidden, is a catalogue of forbidden books.
Astronomy is perhaps the science whose discoveries owe least to chance, in which human understanding appears in its whole magnitude, and through which man can best learn how small he is.
Erudition can produce foliage without bearing fruit.
Even truth needs to be clad in new garments if it is to appeal to a new age.
When a book and a head collide and a hollow sound is heard, must it always have come from the book?
A handful of soldiers is always better than a mouthful of arguments.
Nothing can contribute more to peace of soul than the lack of any opinion whatsoever.
If you are going to build something in the air it is always better to build castles than houses of cards.
Even impartiality is partial.
Much reading has brought upon us a learned barbarism.
There are very many people who read simply to prevent themselves from thinking.
The human tendency to regard little things as important has produced very many great things.
We accumulate our opinions at an age when our understanding is at its weakest.
The most dangerous untruths are truths moderately distorted.
He who is enamored of himself will at least have the advantage of being inconvenienced by few rivals.
The most perfect ape cannot draw an ape; only man can do that; but, likewise, only man regards the ability to do this as a sign of superiority.
Nothing makes one old so quickly as the ever-present thought that one is growing older.
There were honest people long before there were Christians and there are, God be praised, still honest people where there are no Christians.
The death of a talented man saddens me, as the world needs them more than heaven does.
We're of an age.
"I wonder what this is", asked Tony.
I've had a lot on my mind lately.
I've had a lot on my mind these past few days.
It looked like Tom had a lot on his mind today.
I have trouble falling asleep because I always have a lot on my mind.
When I have a lot on my mind, sometimes I forget to eat.
I've had a lot on my mind recently and have had trouble falling asleep at night.
I was sitting next to a man who clearly had a lot on his mind.
Tom clearly had a lot on his mind.
Apparently, Tom had a lot on his mind, so I just left him alone.
Tom had a lot on his mind, so he wasn't paying enough attention to his driving.
Obviously, Tom had a lot on his mind, but I had no choice but to ask him to spend some time helping us with our problems.
We will win the battle.
"We have carried the day, Sir!" exclaimed the adjutant to the general as the heavy cavalry smashed through the opposing lines.
I agree with you completely.
Optical radars use light, rather than radio waves as normal radars.
Magdalena and Ania are good friends.
Both Magdalena and Ania are from Poland.
Ania is interested in computers.
Magdalena is interested in geography.
Also Piotr and Lech are good friends.
Both Piotr and Lech are from Poland.
Piotr is interested in soccer.
Lech is interested in history.
He was declared bankrupt.
Piotr has black hair but Lech has blond hair.
Ania has brown hair, but Magdalena has blonde hair.
Magdalena and Lech are thirteen.
Ania and Piotr are twelve.
I am married to a Polish woman.
She blushed bright red.
I will marry a beautiful Estonian woman.
We have got two daughters and two sons.
My wife Lidia is a beautiful, clever woman.
Lidia has blonde straight hair.
Lidia, can you cook some food to Magdalena, Ania, Piotr and Lech?
My best friend Felicja is here.
He is enrolled at that university.
Felicja is married to a handsome man called Lazarz.
He is a cruel person.
Felicja's children think that their father Lazarz is more handsome than Justin Bieber.
Also Felicja has blonde straight hair.
I love both Lidia and Felicja.
Felicja's mother is a Polish of Romanian origin.
Bogdana is the mother of Felicja.
My elder daughter Magdalena is like an angel.
My name is not "You guys".
I want you to want me.
We roped in some major partners.
A pizza? Yea, that works.
The horse came in first.
The horse placed first.
My child cannot say "Kinpira style sauteed Gobo", he always says "Pinkira style sauteed Bogo" instead.
My kid can't say "Kinpiragobo", he always says "Kinpirabogo" instead.
My child cannot say "Kinpira style sauteed great burdock", he always says "Kinpira style sauteed Dockbur" instead.
I have a small fever.
Oh, that kid went to sleep without eating supper.
My special talent is that I become friends with anybody, anywhere, anytime.
I don't like being treated this way.
Everything in your stupid country smells like feet and shattered dreams.
Lately I try for health reasons to go to bed early and to wake up early.
That, what she said, sounds strange.
Magdalena is very polite to me.
Anastazja is the classmate of Ania.
Felicja enjoys watching TV.
How great Getter Jaani is!
I want to marry Martyna.
Felicja is a native of Katowice.
Neither Ania nor Magdalena love Justin Bieber.
Polish girls didn't want Justin Bieber to come to Poland.
Magdalena is studying at the Lodz Japanese School.
"I wonder what this is," said Tony.
Ania is a lovely girl.
My child can't say "kikugobo." It always comes out as "kikubogo."
The capital of Poland is Warsaw.
There are many products imported from Poland to Turkey.
Do you really think it's bad?
Do you really think it's no good?
I went to the movie thinking that it would be fun, but it left me with a bad taste in my mouth.
Maria and Natalia go shopping. They buy something for themselves.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to finish that in one day.
No matter how hard you try, you won't be able to finish that in a day.
The police will put you in prison.
The police will put you behind bars.
She is drunk with happiness.
You treated me like a child.
Everybody wishes for happiness.
Not every man can be happy.
I'm happy enough.
Happy is the man who is content with his lot.
I reflected on my happy school days.
I often recall my happy childhood memories.
Eating ice cream always puts me in a happy mood.
We were drenched but very happy.
Magdalena looks very cute to me.
I'm really glad I ran into you.
Ania looks very cute to me.
Magdalena and Lech are preparing for their Polish exams.
My birthday is June 12. Magdalena was born on the same day and year as me.
Poland is a big country.
Poland was one of the first countries to recognize the Republic of Turkey.
She is bubbling over with happiness.
When we were small, father used to read us moving stories.
I'm not at all happy now.
Lately everyone seems happy.
Happiness can't be bought.
It goes without saying that money can't buy you happiness.
Happiness isn't merely having many possessions.
The old hippy didn't need any drugs; he was high on life.
The newly promoted junior manager, drunk with power, lorded it over his former co-workers.
Another problem concerns the gym equipment.
After class is over, our teacher usually sticks around to answer any questions we may have.
After school, Tom usually sticks around as long as he can because he doesn't want to go home.
At least my mother stuck around long enough to see me graduate from junior high school.
At least Tom stuck around long enough to find out how much money he owed.
Could you stick around after the party and help me clean up?
Do you have any ideas on how we can make sure Tom sticks around until the job is finished?
I hope my new stepfather sticks around longer than the last one.
I hope spring sticks around just a little bit longer. I hate summers.
I hope that Tom sticks around for a while. I'd like to talk to him.
I stuck around for a while to see if anyone else would come.
I wish I could've stuck around for a few more hours.
I wish that I had stuck around long enough to meet your parents.
I'll be sticking around town all summer. I just don't have enough money to go anywhere.
I'm glad he stuck around.
If you had stuck around, you would have had a lot of fun.
If you had stuck around, you'd have met the girl I've been seeing.
If you stick around after class, I can help you with your essay.
It must be nice having someone who sticks around even when times get tough.
Just stick around a few days and you'll come to love this place.
Mary's husband didn't even stick around until the baby was born.
Most people stuck around for a while after the show.
Please stick around after the concert. We'll be signing autographs.
Thanks for sticking around till the end of the concert.
Thanks for sticking around until my father got home.
Thanks for sticking around.
The driver who caused the accident didn't stick around.
The next act is worth sticking around for.
Tom plans to stick around to see what happens.
Tom said he wanted to stick around for a couple of more days.
Tom said that he planned to stick around school all day.
Tom says he'll be sticking around after the meeting.
Tom says he'll be sticking around for a few days.
Tom's father comes home once in a while, but he never sticks around for long.
We hope Tom sticks around for a couple of weeks.
When times get hard, let's see who sticks around.
Will you be sticking around Boston for a few more days?
Winter seems to be sticking around a lot longer than usual this year.
There have been complaints saying that users waited for a long time before receiving assistance.
There is the risk of losing users and incomes.
There is always the risk of losing all the data on your hard disk.
Tom was risking losing his job by talking to his boss that way.
The competitor twice jumped the gun.
We prefer to stay here.
What is important for you?
Our project crashed and burned.
I have a comfortable house.
Can I borrow your rubber for a moment?
What has happened to the book I put here a few moments ago?
The shopkeeper was tired of chasing his debtors so from then on he demanded payment in full.
After a long dispute the coal mines closed and the remaining miners were paid off.
Fashion is not my specialty.
A crust eaten in peace is better than a banquet partaken in anxiety.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Appearances often are deceiving.
Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
Beware the wolf in sheep's clothing.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
In critical moments even the very powerful have need of the weakest.
It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
The boy cried "Wolf, wolf!" and the villagers came out to help him.
The gods help them that help themselves.
The haft of the arrow had been feathered with one of the eagle's own plumes. We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction.
Thinking to get at once all the gold the goose could give, he killed it and opened it only to find - nothing.
Union gives strength.
Roses withered and Ania cried very much.
You don't find it funny that the king of caricatures made such a big fuss over his own caricature?
I was one of the best students in the class.
Some translate while others denigrate.
He needs a straight.
Translate instead of chattering!
I don't drink coffee at all.
I have been abroad.
One views things differently according to whether one is rich or poor.
I just started to learn Esperanto.
Foolish, foolish me.
These rules are not very clear.
Make sure to bring that back inside before it rains.
The wind was so strong that we were basically going nowhere.
He lost his cool and started throwing things.
She didn't have enough iron, so she couldn't give blood.
You want to have a lot of fluid in your system before giving blood.
Unless you have really tiny veins, you shouldn't have any trouble.
The white blood cells are filtered out so that they do not attack the body of their new host.
The more food you eat, the less we have to bring back. So eat as much as you want!
If the cookies weren't quite so burnt, maybe some people would have eaten them.
I've been dead before, and it wasn't too bad.
Death is the point at which you can't be alive again. You can't die and then come back to life. If you think that happened, you weren't really dead.
Everyone wants to believe.
Contrary to my expectations, they were actually quite unpatriotic and irreverent.
If the idea of needles freaks you out, you probably shouldn't be here.
I haven't talked to you in a while. So what have you been doing?
You can't get much wittier than that.
How long have you been doing this?
That was one messed up performance.
You expect me to know this stuff?
Intonation is very important. It can completely change the meaning.
You've put this off for far too long. You will finish it tonight!
It looks like I drank too much yesterday. My head is pounding. I'm completely hungover.
Please correct that.
She doesn't have any brothers or sisters.
She doesn't have any siblings.
A dance will be held in the school auditorium this Friday evening from 7:30 to 10:00.
People look at things differently depending on whether they are rich or poor.
He awaked me early in the morning.
Today is a good day.
He quietly said goodbye.
She has an ancient family name.
Next Thursday is a holiday.
She has lost all hope.
I like to go to school.
He was constantly bullied at school.
Impossible.
He wept over his daughter's death.
Don't enroll.
Don't sign up.
She usually uses nail scissors.
I don't believe it any longer.
University life is the time when you enjoy yourself to the fullest!
European Fish Week starts on June 4th.
Due to overfishing, some fish stocks are now at perilously low levels.
You should consult with a pharmacist before buying that medicine.
Tom is a dive master.
Dynamite fishing is extremely destructive to reef ecosystems.
I would like a cup of coffee.
Gary Ewing was sentenced to life under the three strikes law for stealing three golf clubs.
That's the ugliest baby that I've ever seen.
The biggest difference between bandy and floorball is that bandy is played on ice.
Don't try to cover the whole sky with the palm of your hand.
Got milk?
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
The puck of ice hockey is not spherical.
Koreans don't like coriander.
I always keep a set of fingernail clippers in my guitar case.
Do you use fingernail clippers to cut your toenails?
I tore the newspaper into pieces.
I've been looking for a new job for a long time.
Once upon a time, there was a man and his wife. They had no house. They were living in the fields and sleeping at the foot of a tree.
All will be fine.
I didn't understand what you said.
I didn't want it!
Heaven gives life to people and causes them to have all kinds of desires.
It's hard to love somebody when you don't know whether they love you as much as you love them.
When is the next guided tour?
I think you're not my type.
What colour do you associate with your childhood?
We spent all evening dancing together.
The room looks different, now I like it more.
What are you up to this weekend?
I need to find a flat to rent in Barcelona.
We have to encourage people to join the campaign and work with us.
You don't need to make a decision now.
I normally get off work at about 8 o'clock in the evening.
What sort of things make you feel sad?
Wild animals are on the verge of dying out.
Eat more or you'll waste away!
The curtains don't let any light in.
I'm looking forward to visiting my sister in Los Angeles.
I can pick you up from work if you want me to.
I can drop you off at the airport tonight.
Karl is an outgoing sort of person.
Unlike her brother, Sienna is very introverted.
Did Noel come down on the price?
The rain is getting you down, isn't it?
Sarah, could you close the blinds?
The meeting kicks off around 9 o'clock in the morning.
I didn't know you had a week off last month.
Don't try to remember every sentence of the text, it's almost impossible.
Luna is a reliable person.
What did she do with all the money?
The effects have impacted most on poorer families.
It's getting very late.
She wants to wind up her small business.
Give me a call if you need help.
He's so stupid, I swear I can't stand him.
He's not such a great writer and I think he knows it.
We get on quite well but we're not best friends.
I've got some great ideas but I need money.
I'm going to meet my brother's girlfriend tonight.
Don't forget to answer his letter.
His letter indirectly refers to the matter.
It took several months to make that movie.
I saw that film, but it wasn't very good.
This film is based on a novel.
I don't study regularly, so there's no way that I'll get a good grade on tomorrow's test.
Don't you think that the cookies that you baked today are the most delicious amongst the cookies that you have baked so far?
Yamada isn't very popular with the girls in his school year, but he's popular amongst the younger students.
I didn't sleep much yesterday, so it was inevitable that I was sleepy all day today.
Didn't you ever put on rubber boots as a kid and have fun splashing water in puddles?
That man over there has been glancing at us furtively for a while, do you know him?
I've got a little surprise in store for the downtown boys who made fun of me.
Girls are girls and boys are boys.
Boys will be boys, girls will be girls.
Some boys at school make fun of me.
Tom is a small-town boy who made good.
On the 3rd of March, at around noon, an express letter was thrown into the entrance of my house.
After this, nobody ever saw the ghost of the old woman again in that alley.
She was looking miserable sitting in the middle of this snowstorm, so I threw a small coin at her.
In the first month of that year, I saw that it snowed for four days from the 14th until the 17th.
Did you clean your room properly? There's still dust over here.
I forgot to put film in the camera.
My five year old daughter always goes to kindergarten happy and full of energy.
I always drink milk with my breakfast.
Zero is what comes before one.
Yes, I love it.
There's mold on the bread. This means that we can't eat it anymore.
I'm really bad at parallel parking.
A traveling woman lets her heart travel as well.
Parents' love could be overwhelming until you can't breathe.
That kanji is so complex, I can't read it.
I'm not good at eating Japanese food with chopsticks.
My lover works at a language school and loves it very much.
As you say, Russian is very hard!
You can't enter that bookstore with your shirt off.
This world is difficult.
Eh, give me your cellphone's mail address.
I don't have the authority to give you permission.
Have you completed your preparations for tomorrow?
I'm taking a bath.
Studying a foreign language is hard.
Studying a foreign language is difficult.
You can see stars with a telescope.
My dream is to become a baseball player.
I've never eaten such a good meal.
Why always me?
It is difficult to love somebody when it's not clear whether or not the other person loves you the same way.
It would be as impossible for me to attack Christianity as it would be impossible for me to attack werewolves.
Without your help, I couldn't have done it.
Had it not been for your help, I couldn't have done it.
Without your help, he would have failed.
Without your help, we couldn't have done it.
Without your help, I couldn't have gotten over that difficult situation.
Without your help, I couldn't have ridden out that crisis.
What do you see yourself doing over the next ten years?
Had it not been for your help, I would have failed.
Without your help, we wouldn't have finished in time.
Without your help, he would have been ruined.
Without your help, I would have drowned.
Whenever I travel, I prefer to fly.
My dad is stronger than your dad.
Recently, I've been putting on a little weight around my waist. I guess it's middle-age spread.
My waist size has recently increased. I guess it's middle-age spread.
Kelantan is one of the states in West Malaysia.
There is nothing more important than friendship.
Because he was tired, he went to bed early.
Since I was sick, I didn't go.
Thank you for completing this form.
Check for old versions.
Cheers! Good health!
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
How much is this?
Do you speak Latvian?
Please say that again!
Please speak more slowly!
Is there someone here who speaks English?
Do you speak... English?
It is too expensive.
Have you got something cheaper?
There's a mistake in the bill.
Sometimes to correct is harder than to write.
I want to be poor in order to not be unhappy.
When you return, if I am studying, wake me up!
Wisdom pursues me, but I am faster.
Wisdom follows me, but I am faster.
I believe that one should pay taxes with a smile. I tried it, but they wanted money.
The window is made of glass.
That madman broke the window.
Prudence is never too much.
The killer cucumber is sexist.
First of all I'd like to make my position clear.
Their feelings are intense and they tend to be jealous.
Lovely day, isn't it?
Most children hate school.
She was terribly disappointed with me.
Music is an important part of my life.
Simina spends a lot of money on cigarettes.
She wanted to lose weight and she thought smoking would help her.
Both of them are unpredictable and impatient.
I know Andrina doesn't take things seriously, but she is a wonderful friend.
She sings on an album
Of course, you would eat puddings that are full of proofs, wouldn't you?
Tabloids assert that the killer cucumber would have sodomised the mad cow.
Do me a favour and shut up.
What a bad news!
Pedants delight in being obtuse.
The bugler played taps as the tricolour was lowered at sunset.
I'm flattered.
In the moutain lives a tiger which lost its roar.
Couldn't we cuddle, instead?
Listen to your heart, and you will know it's true.
Get a life, man.
Tell him to get a life.
Newton thought the world had been created in 4000 BC.
I am fine, thank you.
I have run out of money.
I have lost my friends.
I have got beautiful eyes.
What can I get you for drinking?
One beer, please!
This will forever change how you think about your own thinking.
Physicists discovered that atoms are made up of vortices of energy that are constantly spinning and vibrating.
Tennis is my preferred sport.
I am so thin that they say I look rawboned.
She is a genius.
Latvian girls are among the best girls in the world!
Someone, tell him to get a life!
North Korea has been treated as a pariah state for most of its existence.
To contend in a joust, be it verbal, one must also behave in a chivalrous way.
What was going on?
This is special.
How much for a baguette?
I'm a womaniser.
He's a philanderer.
I learn by heart.
For me it is not yet known.
I teach English to someone.
Listen here!
You have no taste.
He had more than enough money.
I heard an awesome story yesterday.
My mother made some new clothes.
Let's talk turkey.
He is regarded as missing.
The "One Piece" manga is very popular in Malaysia
My mother's feeling better.
My father died five years ago.
I've decided to continue studying.
My father will cook me a delicious meal tomorrow morning.
Are you playing with my feet?
The drawings Lyod has made show people from the 14th century.
Clever people know how to make money out of nothing.
Even if the collection is not what I expected, I must be appreciate his effort.
The use of new technology is attracting more costumers.
You should take a look at your wardrobe and add a bit of colour to your clothes.
Your style is outdated, try not to dress like an old lady.
Even though Marcel works hard, he only earns 30 000 Canadian dollars per year.
The top is turning clockwise.
A study found that British people are the most promiscuous in the world, while Finns have the largest number of sexual partners.
He introduced me to his daughter.
Once I opened my eyes again, Amina was staring at me through the bottom of her beer glass.
What cultural differences did the author find in working with Dutch and American students?
Do you think the campaign was successful in Italy?
Iron Arm Atom protected the country from danger.
Daniel got a good job.
They affirmed their innocence.
The frog and I took turns guessing what the secret recipe was.
The great secret of power is never to will to do more than you can accomplish.
"How long will it take?" "About two weeks."
You are what you like.
He was unconscious for three days.
This article makes fun of vegetarians.
Iker Casillas is the best goalkeeper in the world.
Iker Casillas is the best goalie in the world.
Using only "Tom" and "Mike" in many sentences is very strange.
He had a smile on his face.
The universe is limitless.
I'm back from a two month long trip to the states, away from my girlfriend, so she's gonna get a ride tonight.
You can use this pen for the time being.
I bought a new ball point pen with an electronic watch especially for this test.
I've bought a new palette and a few paint brushes.
Luigi is a boy who loves studying.
I study Chinese every day.
I didn't buy that book.
Today I studied Chinese for two hours.
My wife doesn't get up before me.
I'm better than him.
I live in this place.
I live in this area.
I go to church once in a blue moon.
I go to a restaurant once in a blue moon.
I write sentences on Tatoeba once in a blue moon.
Could you close the window, please?
When I found my true identity, my life began to make sense.
Does she answer the questions?
I've made a discovery.
The judge, though a stickler for the dignity of the bench, was a great pipe smoker and allowed the attorneys the privilege of smoking in court.
Two male school pupils sharing an umbrella? That's quite a queer situation.
All of the students were looking at a little chunk of metal.
The salaryman went to live quietly in a remote area in order to atone for his sins.
Feeling too cool 'cause you're the only one amongst your friends who speaks more than three languages? Fear not. On Tatoeba, we won't think you're cool.
Seeing the face of his wife covered in green spots, he had a heart attack. Yet another victim of the killer cucumber!
The musician plays the bagpipe.
Large planes brought about large amounts of sound pollution.
Ayumi's feet were fanned by the river wind.
Mr. Legros can say the alphabet backwards.
The governor of Texas asked the oil company to cut down on noise pollution.
Bob said to his friend: "What a looker".
A lone sailboat is sailing against the wind.
They're going to kill me.
It began to dawn on me that, to oppose political and social chaos, cultured means would be ineffective.
He wants to be a husband at every wedding, and the deceased at every funeral.
I decided to go abroad to study.
Isn't it amazing how one is poor though rich, while the other is rich though poor?
Can a person who's blind in their own house become clairvoyant at the bazaar?
Once you've caught the fish, you no longer need the bait.
Is it not love that builds, connects, and creates in the same manner as hate destroys?
The fool laments that which he has lost and values not that which he still has.
There is no graver loss than the loss of time.
He who thinks of science is in love with it, and such a person never stops learning, even if he appears to do little on the outside.
My 3-year-old is really getting on my nerves.
You think that TV is bad for kids?
I love sports.
Tom speaks slower than Bill.
I invited him over to my place.
The job is almost finished.
I bet that I can finish this task in an hour's time.
The schedule dictates that this work be done by the weekend.
Which seats do you like?
The price turned out to be lower than I thought.
Princess, don't drink the potion.
It's an inside joke.
It's an in-joke.
My girlfriend missed the last train to the world's end, and that's quite a problem.
I'm also taking this train.
He lives, relying only on his own strength.
I watched the film named "The Demon's Sacrifice" with my girlfriend yesterday. She was very afraid.
It's not clear whether the cucumber infected the people, or if the people infected the cucumber.
Please say the alphabet in reverse.
My water bottle just got spilled on my computer!
Without a job, I cannot save a Penny.
Come out from under the table!
Do not talk to others during class!
That class has 15 boys and 28 girls.
We are spending the night at my uncle's house.
He is chubby.
My friend is designing a user interface for the new operating system.
She had died before I arrived.
Let's have the one who loses at rock-paper-scissors do the dishwashing today!
Sovereignty unconditionally belongs to the nation.
You'll never finish translating sentences on Tatoeba.
What snacks do you have?
Truth burns and destroys all elements, showing that they are merely its shadow.
Don't call sweet that which gives rise to bitterness.
Can someone who does not know the meaning of black really talk about what white is?
When I can be of no service to the fatherland, I will at least try my best to not do any harm.
You only understand the value of time when it has been spent.
All things come and go, but love always remains in the end.
Nothing is more difficult to a noble person than a rich banquet, especially when the prime seats are taken by idiots.
A wise man can derive gold even from pus.
Oh, if only we could be as shy and timid in our shameful actions as we are in our proper ones!
Be like the palm tree - the more it gets pressed by the cliff, the quicker and more beautiful its rise to the top.
It's not books that create wisdom, but wisdom that creates books.
Better the naked and the honest than the rich and lawless.
When you walk sturdily along the path on which you have started, you are, in my opinion, happy.
It's because I want to become a translator.
Do you know that the French do not hear the difference between "symmetry" and "asymmetry"?
I'd rather stay home than go on the school trip.
My God, help me!
There are as many vipers hiding in the grass as there is evil lying beneath a beautiful countenance.
Love comes from love. When I want others to love me, I myself love first.
Not worrying about anything is the same as being dead, since worry is the movement of the soul, and life is movement.
Think more and make decisions after.
Take the top and you will have the middle.
Tom's looking for work.
He's still gotta overcome major difficulties.
He's really cute, and so I like working with him.
He's saving up to go to university.
It started raining heavily.
All men are equal according to the law.
I'm going to the park.
She's very wise.
Yep, I understand. Thanks a bunch.
What's the time according to your watch?
If I had known her address, I would have written her a letter.
His aristocratic manners amaze me.
Japanese is my mother tongue.
My brother speaks very quickly.
Since we've gotten talking about Shakespeare... have you already read his composition?
He was so funny at the party that I simply couldn't restrain my laughter.
The wind died down by the evening.
We had a layover in Chicago.
Why doesn't he tell the truth?
He knows how to play baseball.
My father doesn't really talk much.
He's sure that he'll be able to pass the next examination.
Sometimes my grandfather talks to himself when left alone.
This girl has no mother.
He's really changed a lot since last time.
This is a hotel.
We play soccer every Saturday.
The policeman was checking the cars one-by-one.
I wonder if there is any point in translating proverbs into English.
We're all happy.
My flat is on the third floor.
It was pretty ballsy of you to stand up to the boss like that.
She looks young, but in reality she's over 40.
Could you show me the way to the port?
Who's your teacher?
I'll show you the city.
It's a ten-minute ride from here to the train station.
You'd be able to do the puzzle if only you had a little bit more patience.
He committed himself to the investigation.
Tom does not love cheese.
Is Flight 123 going to be delayed?
Tom met Mary on the way to school.
Many large Japanese companies depend on exports.
I met an elderly woman.
I usually go on foot.
This heating device uses oil as fuel.
Quality, not quantity.
I'm on a diet and would like to know if chocolate makes you fat.
Ken was looking for you.
I wake him up at 6 every morning.
My life would be meaningless without you.
I feel bad about having made you wait so long.
People with bad vision cannot see far.
It's eight a.m. right now.
If I wouldn't answer, I wouldn't talk.
It's better for me to have a fish than a bird.
Our soccer team has a good defense.
You need to finish your homework.
I do wonder - why is he late?
Mind if I join you guys?
Tony speaks English as well as you do.
You should have eaten more fruit.
How do I get to the police?
Germany was once an ally of Italy.
I wish she would stop smoking.
I often think about my deceased mother.
We're worried about Grandpa and Grandma.
Three cubed makes twenty-seven.
There aren't many students who can read Latin.
A molecule of water is made up of one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms.
Close the door before going to bed.
He didn't come to school yesterday.
Is there anyone else who wants to eat?
It scares me.
A study has proved, that eating too fast increases your chance for obesity.
After being proven innocent, the killer cucumber went into a well deserved retirement in Spain.
Innsbruck, I must leave you.
We have really everything in common with America nowadays except, of course, language.
I'd appreciate it if you would turn off the lights.
A man can know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Children who are thirsty should drink water.
Acceptable and unacceptable are clearly in opposition to each other.
Can it be that the white horse is not a horse?
My wife sings in the ladies' choir.
I like recycling the wall. I do sustainable translation.
Silence implies consent.
Tokyo is bigger than Rome.
What method of birth control do you recommend?
Globalization has gone mad: why transport Spanish cucumbers to exterminate the Northern Germans when half of them live in Mallorca? We need to rationalize all of that and adopt a more solid method of bacterial decontamination.
How many sentences can I add in 16 minutes, I wonder... Let's try and see!
This is a really sharp knife.
I'd like to call the 'rents.
She doesn't have many friends or girlfriends.
He came back after two days.
I answered the questions correctly.
Could you open the window?
My friend George is going to Japan this summer.
In the best-case scenario, life is just a sea of troubles.
Last night I had a weird dream.
Where did the Olympic Games originate?
I've got a question.
Please give me your credit card.
Wow! What an eater!
Wow! Look at him eat!
Bring him to me.
He lives a floor up from me.
He lives on the floor above me.
Only a few students can read Latin.
She's got a cat. The cat's white.
I'm not sure about who to give the present to - the boy, or the girl?
For whom does the bell toll?
All the friends that I sent invitations to came to the party.
Could I drop by your place one of these days?
I got caught in the rain and got all wet.
I'm walking to school.
For him, hunger was an abstract concept. He had always had enough food.
There are four seasons in a year - spring, summer, fall, and winter.
You know who she is?
Austria's hilly landscapes reminded Mr. Bogart of The Sound of Music.
She always conducted herself honorably and gracefully.
The coalition is trying to paper over the cracks.
You're comparing chalk and cheese!
You're comparing apples and oranges!
Many people think that sponge cake is difficult to bake, but if you use enough eggs, nothing can really go wrong.
His rash is due to Dengue fever.
Does this dress look good on me?
We're in the second week of an unrelenting heat wave.
I don't have a very good dictionary.
It would be good for you to study eagerly.
The green water is not suitable for drinking.
My son tried to become a rakugo story teller.
You know it better than me.
It seems like you know me, but I don't know you.
You seem to know me, but I don't know you.
GE announced the acquisition of the Lake company for $30 million.
Please give me batteries for a camera.
Where did he do it?
Everyone dies eventually.
I have a memory like a sieve.
He's in the other truck.
My mother has two brothers.
Australian saltwater crocodiles can grow up to 23 feet long and frequently kill people.
I have never had any enemies other than those of the state.
We are at the end of the Age of Pisces and will be entering the Age of Aquarius.
Some astrologers believe that we entered the Age of Aquarius in the 20th century, while others think that we will have to wait until the 24th century.
This spacecraft is powered by ion thrusters.
I also want to have a barbecue.
49 is the smallest natural number with the property that it and its two direct neighbours are not square-free.
Can it be that a white horse is not a horse?
Without the sun there is no life!
Excuse me. Who are you?
Excuse me. What's your name?
I have two tickets for the Boston vs. Vancouver game on Saturday night. Wanna go with me?
It's so easy to write good example sentences, that even if we accidentally delete a few good sentences in the process of getting rid of a whole lot of bad ones, I think we could drastically improve the quality of this corpus by doing a lot of deleting.
Its working properly here but not up there.
I have written down his phone number.
A kilo of ketchup is equivalent to two kilos of tomatoes.
He always gets bullied at school.
I know a lot of languages.
Can you play the key of C minor?
I keep the master copy under lock and key.
Forgetting his key, he was able to open the door by inserting a wire in the key hole.
I have the key to the safe.
Your brother is very angry.
It's already dark outside.
I'm afraid to go first, it's too dark.
Distant water won't quench your immediate thirst.
It's almost late.
My daughter went to school.
Man is the dog's best friend.
The internet has changed the way we learn foreign languages.
The driver asked us to take care when getting off the bus.
Could I have a bus timetable?
As she couldn't pay for a ticket, the driver asked her to get off the bus.
Tom's explanation was too complicated.
Is the cat on or under the chair?
Your Esperanto is very good, congratulations!
I've brought you a little something.
The government should take targeted measures to eliminate unemployment.
You can't run in school.
It's very expensive.
It's very onerous.
Keep these rules in mind.
Look, a shooting star!
He gave her a peck on the cheek.
He has a very materialistic outlook on life.
The initiative measurably improved quality of life for the villagers.
I have completely recovered.
Memorising the cards in a deck in order is certainly a difficult task, but manageable.
He could be found at 6 o'clock every morning in the barn, milking the cows.
He was in the shop, minding his own business, when the car crashed through the wall.
He is very talented musically, able to play at least 5 instruments.
The modernisation plan has completely changed the character of the country.
The result placed him amongst the top one percent nationally.
His openness is a very positive quality, although not without its drawbacks.
Ordinarily, this was not a problem, but in the circumstances it could not have been worse.
I am very good at appearing organised, although the reality is somewhat different.
Disregarding the "No Entry" sign, she pushed open the door and walked inside.
He has impeccable manners, which means you can never be sure what he actually thinks!
Exploring and populating the newly discovered continent happened over the course of a couple of centuries.
They took enough provisions for three years at sea.
The racecourse was set in a valley, about a mile from the town centre.
The introduction of video replays to sport was a surprisingly fundamental change.
His restlessness gave her a hint that something was wrong.
The lake was ringed by a fence, apparently for health and safety reasons.
The senselessness of the act appalled him.
A lot has changed since the seventies, although long hair has still not quite gone out of fashion.
He spoke with a softness characteristic of southerners.
Why are conventional language classes so boring?
I really can't remember people's names, but I don't forget faces.
You may be able to pass unnoticed in a city, but in a village that's not possible.
Beijingers speak Mandarin with a roll in the tongue that no Southerner could ever utter.
What examples of behaviour would you consider typically masculine?
Choose a spokesperson for every group.
How do the situations shown in the film illustrate possible differences and areas of possible cultural conflict between our culture and the American one?
Have you found a partner by now?
Have you chosen a topic?
Ask your teacher and he will assign you one.
I'm going to do a trick with only four cards.
With text we mean any communicative situation of significant length.
Organize your material in English so that you can show your analysis and conclusions in 10-12 minutes.
You can take single words or expressions from the text, but not complete sentences.
Bilingual dictionaries are allowed.
How many women do you know that are managers with high levels of responsibility in Italian companies, public or private?
He has a very large knowledge of the world.
Try to investigate in depth the cultural values your text brings into evidence.
Do you study any foreign language?
We had to leave for America on short notice.
It'll be impossible to get a visa on short notice.
I had to make a speech on short notice.
They asked me to make a speech on short notice.
I'm too young to die!
I study once in a blue moon.
Tom prays to God once in a blue moon.
She goes jogging every morning before breakfast.
The morning sun is too bright to look at.
Oddly, I've been watching a lot of telenovelas this fall.
My house is in the northern part of the city.
There is cranberry juice in the fridge.
He made a cranberry sauce to accompany duck.
My son is ten years old.
Censorship feeds the dirty mind more than the four-letter word itself.
Every burned book enlightens the world.
The test of democracy is freedom of criticism.
I believe in censorship. I made a fortune out of it.
You can cage the singer but not the song.
The desire to survive and the fear of death are artistic sentiments.
Death is just around the corner and you can't walk away.
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Because of the water shortage, I couldn't take a bath.
People living in this area are dying because of the lack of water.
We had a poor harvest because of the lack of water.
When he opened the door he had nothing on but the TV.
Mary is an exceptionally beautiful girl.
It's time to sleep.
I hate mosquitoes.
The limits of my language mean the limits of my world.
Dying is nothing. So start with living, it's less funny and it lasts longer.
Dying is not the opposite of living: we spend our life living while we don't spend our death dying.
Time withers the roses, but wears down the thorns.
I'm the mother of a son of a bitch.
I wonder if my mother is hiding something from me. She called me a "son of a bitch" today.
Let's share this money.
Just what exactly are you trying to say?
I will definitely go to your funeral.
There turned out to be sooooo many people at the office!
I will definitely attend your funeral.
Do however you like.
Give Emet and the others a call.
My father's a farmer. His family doesn't have money, and his life is very difficult.
My father is going to retire soon.
I need to get my oboe repaired.
I've never heard of that city yet.
The robber ran away when the policeman saw him.
He is so careless that he often makes mistakes.
After it rains and the ground is damp, it's easier to pull weeds.
They compared it with the old car.
Is she gone?
Aiming at a fair selection, the test's subject will be the same for all of you scientists of the world: write a scientific publication in English!
Please, forgive me.
I forgot my email address.
I've forgotten my email address.
Problem solved!
TWiiNS celebrated my birthday via Twitter on June 12th.
The leopard can't change its spots.
The engineer does not live. It works.
He who sleeps with dogs wakes up with fleas.
What people are coming to the party?
Until when are you planning to live here?
This is not some cheap Izakaya, so we don't accept that customers sing loudly.
On what business did you come here?
Let me have a taste.
The weather is almost always hot.
The weather here has its own unique characteristics.
The sign for siblings in Japanese sign language could well be misunderstood by many Americans with disastrous consequences.
Someone is waiting for you downstairs.
What was said?
Kati Wolf is a good singer.
Hungary and Slovakia are neighbors.
The letter was finished.
Portugal has only one neighbor and it's Spain.
In Belgium, Flemish people want to declare their independence someday.
Working in the Kremlin has been my lifelong dream.
From Tursun to Guzelnur, you are all good students.
They are generally located in Switzerland, France, and in Belgium, as well.
You speak.
According to statistics, men's wages are higher than women's.
I've completely recovered from my illness.
It looks like you're pretty clever.
She saw this film ONLY once.
We really had a hell of a time getting up to the 20th floor of this building.
She got dressed and went outside.
He got dressed and went outside.
You should show yourself to the doctor.
No, you don't know Java. You know JavaSCRIPT.
This morning the weather is cloudy.
Don't play around on the way back from school.
I never drink water. You never know, foxes might have peed in it.
Don't play around on your way back home.
Don't play around on your way home.
Are we about to have a flame war?
He is going to buy a new bicycle.
He plans to buy a new bicycle.
He intends to buy a new bicycle.
A fat white cat sat on a wall and watched the two of them with sleepy eyes.
Be my guests!
Be my guest!
How about going fishing with me?
Would you like to go fishing with me?
He penned it down so as to not forget it.
It's hard to love when one doesn't know whether one is loved as much as one loves.
It's hard to love someone when one doesn't know whether one is loved as much as one loves.
Since we aren't vegetables, we should live our lives to the fullest.
It's difficult to teach people what they are unwilling to learn.
It's easier to teach children than to teach adults.
It's easier to teach children than adults.
Internet is a vast network connecting innumerable computers on a world scale.
Corpora provide a rich resource for investigating language.
Does someone have the exact time, please?
If you're bored, I suggest you to go to the cinema.
Tom persuaded his mother to lend him the car for the weekend.
Maria tends to appear on my doorstep whenever I'm about to go out.
It is necessary to use subheadings.
I want to go to England.
Why don't you telephone the theatre and enquire about tickets?
Tell me what you did to Shounan.
Last night I stayed home to be able to receive your phone call.
Last night I stayed home to be able to receive your call.
Yesterday I received a letter from an old friend.
If I had the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
If I had the money, I would immediately buy this computer.
Had I the money, I would immediately acquire this computer.
Her friends had to padlock the freezer to prevent her from eating ice cream.
If it snows on the mountain, it is cold in the valley.
Click to edit!
The mind's greatest good is the knowledge of God, and the mind's highest virtue is to know God.
No one knows what will strike one tomorrow.
My phone was broken.
She's a trainee.
Tomorrow morning, I'll wake up at 6.
The whereabouts of Ken's notorious dog is an issue well beyond Ken's ken.
The movie's about to start.
I came here to play soccer.
I did this for you.
A week is divided into seven days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
I didn't think that your wife was so old.
Hurricanes are violent storms.
My wife isn't beautiful. Yours is.
Hurricanes usually occur in June.
Hurricanes are storms accompanied by winds that can travel at 74 miles per hour.
A blizzard is an example of extreme weather conditions.
Hurricanes are very destructive.
Tornadoes are very destructive.
The category of a hurricane depends on its wind speed.
Category 5 hurricanes are the worst.
A category 5 hurricane causes maximum damage.
"Who here has a panda at home?" "I do!"
A category 5 hurricane can reach speeds of about 155 miles per hour.
The eye of a hurricane is its center.
The woman is naked.
No matter how much you try to convince people that chocolate is vanilla, it'll still be chocolate, even though you may manage to convince yourself and a few others that it's vanilla.
It's hard to love two when you don't know whether the two love you as much as you love both.
We were wondering who it was, and it turns out that it was you!
I am writing to inquire whether you have any positions available.
May I inquire why you wish to speak to him?
They've got a telephone next to their bed.
Please be kind to others.
Be kind to others.
He's been on the telephone for the past two hours.
You're wanted on the telephone.
I can't believe you're not on the telephone.
I got to know her through one of my friends.
Has she come or what?
There's only two days left.
This person is your slave, right?
There are only two days left.
The customers have started to come.
One euro is one-point-five dollars.
Should I watch Six Feet Under? Do you think it's any good?
Please wake me up at 6 tomorrow morning.
Tomorrow morning, wake me up at 6:00, please.
For some reason, I'm wide awake and can't fall asleep.
"You're taking me for an idiot!" "Taking you for an idiot? Oh, no! I'd never!"
An elderly man was sitting alone on a dark path.
"Third wish?" The man was baffled. "How can it be a third wish if I haven't had a first and second wish?"
"You've had two wishes already," the hag said, "but your second wish was for me to return everything to the way it was before you had made your first wish. This is why you remember nothing."
"All right," said the man, "I don't believe this, but there's no harm in wishing. I wish to know who I am."
He wasn't certain in which direction he should go and he'd forgotten whither he was traveling and who he was.
He'd sat down for a moment to rest his weary legs and suddenly looked up and saw an elderly woman before him.
She grinned toothlessly and, after a cackle, spoke, "Now your third wish. What will it be?"
She cackled at the poor man. "So it is that you have one wish left."
"Funny," said the old woman as she granted his wish and disappeared forever. "That was your first wish."
Shakespeare said: "Navarre shall be the wonder of the world."
Try and do your homework by yourself.
Get with it.
I had to work on Sunday.
I was forced to work on Sunday.
We should never forget that the Titanic was built by professionals and Noah's Ark was built by laymen...
Call him an abyss - how deep he is!
This book is my good luck charm. I read it every five months.
As a prank, some students let three goats loose inside their school after painting the numbers 1, 2 and 4 on the sides of the goats. The teachers spent most of the day looking for goat number 3.
I trust what Matthew, Mark, Luke and John said, and if I were ever the victim in a car accident I'd be very happy if they were my witnesses.
He is completely besotted with her.
Did you see his work? Would he have wanted to do it badly, he wouldn't have proceeded otherwise.
If you behave like a flunkey, you're treated like a flunkey.
Here, your sentence is now consigned to posterity!
It's a good sentence, by the way.
I can't get rid of that damned sentence!
I always hand wash my bras.
Neurosciences emerged in the nineteen-ninetiesishes.
People are too lazy to look it up themselves in a dictionary.
Do you prefer using sanitary napkins or tampons?
The clothes horse is always in the way!
The laundry rack is always in the way!
Please put this book on the very top.
Once we are dead, we are no longer dying.
When will we arrive in Tokyo?
When will I get to Tokyo?
What time will he arrive in Tokyo?
What time will you get to Tokyo?
Iran plans to launch a monkey into space.
I was somehow so awake that I couldn't sleep.
If you behave like a lackey, you're treated like a lackey.
You must certainly be very hungry now.
The knife was so blunt that I could not cut the meat with it and I resorted to my pocket knife.
Every even number is the sum of two primes.
Globalise or die.
Globalize or die.
Dying's nothing. Start instead by living - not only is it harder, but it's longer as well.
In order to conquer the centre, we'll have to alienate the left wing of the party.
We could apply the theory of punctuated equilibrium to languages.
I don't get why not all girls are lesbians.
I don't get why girls aren't all lesbians.
Had I taken that plane, I would be dead by now.
I suspect Eldad to follow my doings.
Nowadays, almost everyone has a modern bean-to-cup coffee maker, but we are still using a porcelain coffee filter.
I owe him some money.
Her friends waited for her by the gate.
Her friend waited for her by the gate.
The two of us split up last year.
The locals are very hospitable.
If you don't want to go to that party, you don't have to.
If you only drink this juice for a few days, you'll get better.
You don't have to go to the party if you don't want to.
I cannot bear her endless love.
All of their spouses got on the bus.
All of you are welcome to bring your spouses to my party.
All of you are welcome to attend my party along with your spouses.
Many of the soldiers kissed their spouses goodbye.
I just remembered something.
Killing your spouse is one way to end a marriage. However, it's frowned upon.
One should respect one's spouse.
Does your spouse attend church with you?
If you've been drinking, perhaps your spouse can drive you home.
If both you and your spouse are coming, please let me know.
If your spouse is a politician, then likely your name will also appear in the newspaper from time to time.
Cheating on one's spouse is not usually considered acceptable behavior.
If your spouse complains too much, maybe it's time to find another one.
Do you think your spouse spends enough time with you?
On Friday evenings, a group of us with spouses working overseas meet at Chuck's Bar and Grill.
Emet wasn't able to move those books.
It may be easier to get a long-term visa if your spouse is a citizen.
If only I were younger.
If everyone could pay close attention, please. I will now auscultate the patient. Make sure to note the proper procedure because you all will be practicing this tomorrow.
Kissing one's spouse in public is considered acceptable behavior in some countries.
Would I only were younger.
I've decided that I won't go to the party.
Because he couldn't kill me, I killed him.
Sing us another song!
We translated the sentences and wrote them on the website for others to see, as well.
Would I only work on weekends if I could? Of course, I would.
Don't come late, okay?
Tom would often make mistakes purposely just so the teacher would notice him.
I saw a crowd of children at the cinema.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then whatever.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then forget about it.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then it's no big deal.
If you want to go, then go. If you don't want to, then that's fine as well.
She's been over to your place, right?
He's been over to your place, right?
This is our friend Tom.
Please, lend him some more aid!
The blue sky fooled me so I didn't bring an umbrella.
Please bring my phone with you.
He is shit out of luck.
His voice sounds like pure sex.
He dropped the anchovies.
This joke belongs to me.
An accident took place at the intersection.
Why are you always avoiding me?
Turns out that the house is infested with Garter snakes. They're everywhere!
England is synonymous with football, fish & chips, and the Queen.
You absolutely must not tell my girlfriend about this!
Noted. Thank you.
Do you want to eat prawns?
After pay withholding tax, please send the tax paid receipt in PDF format.
You and David should totally learn that piece and play it at the talent show next year.
The witch hunt has begun.
As elsewhere in India, growth most often occurs despite the government rather than because of it.
Toss the gun onto the table.
The tea is boiling hot.
The tea is scalding hot.
Many young Romans went to Greece.
My father doesn't drink too much sake.
Who are those people?
I would really like to know why he did such a thing.
Shanghainese is actually a kind of pidgin, based on Wu dialects, Lower Yangtze Mandarin, and English loanwords.
If one can say that a tiger is a big cat, one can also say that a cat is a small tiger.
There was a cat on the table.
A cat has been on the table.
That makes me angry.
We will play baseball now.
After my work, I will pick you up from your workplace.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he will never be disillusioned.
Blessed is she who expects nothing, for she will never be disillusioned.
Let's decide with a coin toss.
The story ends well.
The autumn was long and mild.
That bicycle is mine.
The government gave power to this crook.
Blessed is the one who expects nothing, never being disillusioned.
Glass is breakable.
He's an Englishman, but lives in India.
Even though I know a little Japanese, I think we'd better speak in English.
Did you write down the telephone number?
Do you practice any sport?
Misfortune arrives on horseback but departs on foot.
Although he made a mistake in his sentence, it is unquestionable that Niko is the quicker of us both.
I'll speak to you at a more convenient time.
Look at this Japanese car.
The library has various new acquisitions.
They are entirely contrasting opinions.
He has two sisters who both live in Kyoto.
He is licensed as a pharmacist.
Do it now, so you don't forget it.
There were a lot of birds in the tree.
I was often there.
The Inca were a religious people.
Could I have a piece of cheesecake?
I gave the correct answers to the questions.
His memory loss is more a psychological than a physical trouble.
Now I know my situation!
Send my best wishes to your family.
Today, the weather is very nice.
In Paris they simply stared when I spoke to them in French; I never did succeed in making those idiots understand their own language.
I like to go shopping in that store.
You have to answer this question.
He left the house at eight o'clock.
Her eyes were the colour of kohlrabi.
He was more loyal than I had guessed.
If it's okay for him to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
If it's okay for her to buy a knife, then why on earth can't I?
Let us tell you everything we know.
The child ran into the house.
It'd be best if you gave me back my knife.
I bought one other book in addition to this one.
Next year, hats will become fashionable.
Last night, he saw a UFO in the sky.
They began with a strong attack against the enemy.
He died at age 54.
I want another beer.
Children play in the yard.
Mister Petro and his wife love my children a lot; I love theirs a lot, too.
Soon, we'll be able to send you to prison.
After the birth of your child, you should make your work part-time.
So she works at this factory, does she?
So she works at this factory, huh?
So he works at this factory, huh?
So he works at this factory, does he?
Satisfied, he smiled.
They came back from the cinema together.
Pleased, he smiled.
If possible, one should live twice.
We believed that the object was a UFO (Unidentified Flying Object).
If someone comes looking for me, would you please tell them that I'm not in?
Only Obama knows that.
I have already visited the United States.
Those who have not paid their dues are asked to see me at the end of class.
Which languages are spoken in Korea?
Today, Christianity celebrates the first Advent.
Elephants are divided into three different species.
Elephants are the world's largest land animals.
African elephants are divided into two different species: savannah and forest elephants.
African elephants are larger than Asian elephants.
African elephants have less hair than Asian elephants.
African elephants have bigger ears than Asian elephants.
I really want to know why he did that kind of thing.
I'd really like to know why he did that sort of thing.
We found out that the house is infested with garter snakes. They're everywhere.
It turns out that that house is infested with garter snakes. They're everywhere.
We discovered that that house is infested with garter snakes. They're all over the place!
There was an accident at the intersection.
If you want to go, go. If you don't want to, that's OK, too.
If it were OK for me to only work on weekends, would I do it? Of course, I would.
If we'd been on that plane, we'd be dead now.
If we'd taken that plane, we'd be dead now.
That knife was so blunt I couldn't use it to cut the meat so I had to rely on my pocket knife.
That knife wasn't sharp and I couldn't cut the meat with it, so I resorted to using my pocket knife.
If you behave like a servant, you'll be treated like a servant.
If you behave like a flunky, you'll be treated like a flunky.
If you behave like a lackey, you'll be treated like a lackey.
I have to go home a little early today.
Firemen don't wear inflammable outfits.
Horse, lion, dog, goat: these are animals.
I was looking at a dog. However, when I looked again, it had turned into a cat.
English is considered an international language.
English is often considered an international language.
English is always considered an international language.
Hooray!
You're just seeking to embellish all this!
Cats are like girls. If they talk to you it's great, but if you try to talk to them, it doesn't go so well.
I remember this word.
The square of any prime number is a semiprime.
Even my grandma can send an SMS.
I'd die for some bagels and burritos.
Usual folks like when other people are similar to themselves, and hate when they are different.
I don't have a problem doing the laundry, but I hate folding the clothes.
I am yet older than he is.
In comparison to him, I am still older.
Husbands and wives should help each other as long as they live.
She talked a lot.
The child is playing with Meccano.
The child blew up his model tank.
The boys are playing with their Erector Set.
My dad likes Lego Technic.
This hat cost ten dollars.
This room doesn't get much sun.
This room doesn't get much sunlight.
He just barely managed to pass the test.
I just barely managed to pass the test.
I barely passed the exam.
She repeatedly said that she was innocent.
She has a daughter named Mary.
White to play and win.
I'm good at math.
I'm good at mathematics.
From time to time, I think about my mother who is no longer living.
I frequently think about my mother who passed away.
You're too young to die, my friend.
They're crazy, these Romans!
The child crashed his model train into his sister's dollhouse.
They have a telephone next to their bed.
Recycling paper is a moral duty.
Wait and see.
It is cold.
Do not fear the devil!
John and Peter are inseparable friends.
She tried not to shed a tear.
What is the advantage of that technology?
If you want to get something in life, you should go against the flow.
Would you be so kind as to tell me why you love him?
Would you please tell me what you see in him?
Two times seven is fourteen.
She gave me a necktie, which entirely matched my taste.
The heart serves to pump blood.
Metals conduct electricity.
Feathers are a distinguishing feature of birds.
We organized a farewell party for her.
She waited longingly for the return of her husband.
Marie is a naive student.
A dog chased a cat.
Look! She's coming!
The new highway shaves almost an hour off my commute time.
I'm not really big on curry.
More and more people are falling behind in their mortgage payments.
A rapper without bling is like a pope without a crucifix.
I am being paranoid, aren't I?
No security system is foolproof.
All the inmates are present and accounted for.
The recipe calls for four ripe tomatoes.
Can I just use this quickly please?
It smells like something is burning in the kitchen.
Drink the medicine.
I would like to drink something.
Italy is in Europe.
She received the maximum sentence of ten years.
He is serving a three-year sentence for burglary.
There was silence as the judge pronounced sentence.
Those people are true experts in the counterfeit of illegal things.
Australia is about twenty times larger than Japan.
I searched high and low for my glasses but couldn't find them.
The Yanks are our friends.
Show me the photos you took in Paris.
After three weeks of searching, he found well-paid work.
Many students like sports.
My pen is where my book is.
Don't write me such long letters.
The bridge was built within two years.
Your little girl was born and is doing well.
I always leave my umbrella on the train.
She likes dogs so much that even in the desert she feeds dirty dogs.
He measures the time with a clock radio.
This word derives from Latin.
That letter is addressed to you.
Gold is the most valuable of the metals.
If it rains, I'll stay at home.
He is a good boy, and he is strong.
French finance minister Christine Lagarde headed to Brazil as part of a tour to garner support for her candidacy.
We discovered relics of an ancient civilisation.
There are no English sentences on Tatoeba that contain the word "Lego".
As for dogs, I like them.
On my fourteenth birthday, I ate ice cream cake.
Same-sex adoption rights are an important issue for the LGBT* community.
Chechens have inclinations towards independence.
My mom looked funny with a mud mask on her face and rollers in her hair.
Thirtieth birthdays often bring with them fears of old age.
Beyond what number of Facebook friends are you considered to have a dissociative identity disorder?
I find myself in partial agreement with both of these arguments.
Add meat.
Americans have lost their confidence in Toyota.
A decision of capital importance was made at the nation's capital this morning.
The army was on the warpath.
First I'll go to the bank, and then I'll buy the tickets.
I get on very well with my brother.
I couldn't get back to sleep.
You should take off your coat.
The plane took off.
We'll have to do a bit of walking to get from here to the bank.
Mary takes after her mother.
She looked after my children last night.
You should take it off.
I don't want to go to Italy.
Each evening, a nightingale sang for us.
The most beautiful girls are from Lithuania.
Children usually look up to great athletes.
I dream of going to Lithuania and living there.
Mary has given up smoking.
Refugees hid under the bridge.
He had an accident.
Aristotle was toadying up to the Macedonian monarchy.
I am not gay, but my boyfriend is.
I've got a big dick!
I've got a big cock!
I have mallet problems at the moment.
Can you send it with a mallet?
Take care to indicate the right object before sending me your email, otherwise it will end up in the spam folder.
This is my email address.
Here's my email address.
My house is situated on the other side of that bridge.
Her face was bright red with anger.
Do you have time to help me?
We should probably postpone the competition.
Suddenly, the door closed with a loud noise.
The hairdresser cut the guest's hair.
From now on, I will not use that word.
You recovered quickly.
I went to Paris.
The conversation moved on to other topics.
Maja Keuc is a good singer.
Do you speak Albanian?
Do you speak Macedonian?
Do you speak Swahili?
I found my shoes.
There were about 1,000 people.
There were about a thousand people.
There were about one thousand people.
She is one of my friends.
I hate terrorist organizations.
You'll be my son-in-law.
In Ankara, all the seasons are like winter.
I'm flabbergasted.
I was really flabbergasted when I heard the news from Jane.
I love old prewar gangster movies.
"I am in the soup," reported the fly through its walkie-talkie.
Let's make it 3:00.
Get a haircut.
Go to the barbershop.
You should go to the barbershop.
The court condemned the man to death by lethal injection.
Judging by the size of this footprint, I'd say the perp is about six feet tall.
The one good thing you can say about an entry-level job is that there's lots of room for growth.
The horse chafed at the bit put in its mouth.
The first photos of the Earth taken from outer space captured the imagination of an entire generation.
What you're saying is right but, believe me, you're going to catch a lot of heat for it.
Funding for this program was provided by the following sponsors.
Many software companies offer free versions of their products, albeit with limited functionality.
Their culture values obedience to those in positions of authority.
A dish can be spicy without being hot.
I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy.
Mixing with people at a party can be terrifying for shy people.
Pungent fumes arose from the chemical mixture.
Fewer young people know how to write in longhand.
There are conditions under which breaking a promise or telling a lie are acceptable.
Some think that a belief in Santa Claus is on a par with belief in God.
My nose is bleeding.
Her nose is bleeding.
Four metres of this material cost nine francs; therefore, two metres cost four and a half francs.
His nose is bleeding.
We need one week to find their hiding place.
Don't come too close to the fire.
He doesn't look like an intelligent boy.
In the morning I always drink a cup of coffee.
Won't exile be better for you than the hate of the citizens?
I bought a dozen spoons and two dozen forks.
You should bring your passport to the bank.
This will not please Daddy.
A wolf cannot be tamed.
There are no dinosaurs or mammoths to be found now.
That fish is not edible.
Although you are rich, I doubt you are happy.
I'm flabbergasted to know the word "flabbergasted".
The gardener had tulips of various kinds.
Regrettably, he lacks the financial wherewithal to run a presidential campaign.
We got along almost ten years but she agreed.
I discovered a very nice place today.
Alex said that the rooms are very comfortable.
Elizabeth Taylor was incredibly beautiful.
You speak tremendously fast.
I call her very often.
My fault.
My most grievous fault.
Where did you learn French?
You speak good French!
Love doesn't rule, but it shapes; and that's more.
Love doesn't reign, but it educates; and that is more.
Everybody gets what they deserve.
Power is like being a lady. If you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
I tossed my dog onto my bed.
This sentence is going to be translated.
Don't read this sentence.
The doctors didn't expect my sister to recover as well as she did.
There is no fact from which a moral ought can be derived.
I held the conch to my ear and heard the ocean inside.
How many times a minute does the average person blink?
The documents have yellowed with age.
As far as I'm concerned, laws that require drivers to wear seatbelts are paternalistic.
In a town with only one barber, who shaves the barber?
Why is there something rather than nothing?
A bust of Aristotle stands on a pedestal in the entryway.
Her line of reasoning is attractive, but ultimately fallacious.
Carbon dating was performed on the sample to determine its age.
I've never met anyone who is agnostic about the existence of Zeus.
I wonder what a person blind from birth thinks of when they hear the words "blue" or "green".
The drug must go through clinical trials before being approved.
On a long flight you should get up every once in a while to stretch your legs.
Doctors receiving kickbacks from drug companies to prescribe their products is a growing problem.
Researchers are still a long way off from understanding the mechanism involved in Alzheimer's disease.
A slew of corporate logos adorned the entrance to the soccer match.
These are just guidelines, not hard and fast rules.
Anyone in need of a good laugh should read the Simple English version of the Wikipedia article on brackets.
I can't give up my dream.
I said "Stop!"
What is this that you're saying?
Please wait a moment and don't hang up.
Some time passed, but I didn't get her return letter.
Don't leave until we get there.
Instead of going back to the party, why don't we go to my place?
This is my own bike.
Don't worry. You can confide in me.
Twitter is better and more secure than Facebook.
I know them all.
One weekend, all of the hotels in the city were full.
Everybody always knows when the politicians do something wrong and how they should do it better, but only a tiny fraction of the population is ready to commit themselves to politics.
The Tangut had an ideographic script of their own.
I am because you are, and therefore we are.
She breathed in deeply and started to tell about her situation.
Antimatter is highly unstable.
Eating is an art.
German cars are very popular.
I want to visit the ruins of Athens.
The typewriter is stored in the basement.
The ship is unsellable.
"B" is the second letter of the alphabet.
"H" is not pronounced in French.
I still don't know that.
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.
I still don't know.
Look over the contract well, before you sign it.
A self-proclaimed democrat, who is lucky enough to live in a democratic country, but who constantly swears at politicians without committing himself to politics, has probably not understood the word "Democracy".
His lackadaisical attitude to studying explains his poor grades.
Don't even think about that.
Napoleon Bonaparte feared black cats.
Don't even think about it!
Follow my lead!
Don't worry, just follow my lead!
Who are you all?
I feel like I'm forgeting something.
Drunken driving is a serious problem.
I found out that Tom now has three citations for drunken driving.
Our city police have a new campaign targeting drunken driving.
The blood alcohol limit for drunken driving is .08 percent in Texas.
Tom gave up running for mayor after pleading guilty to drunken driving.
Tom has a history of arrests for drunken driving.
Tom has at least one conviction for drunken driving.
Tom pleaded guilty to drunken driving and his driver's license was suspended for six months.
Tom pleaded guilty to misdemeanor drunken driving charges in New York.
Tom pleaded no contest to a charge of drunken driving.
Tom pleaded no contest to two counts of drunken driving.
Tom pleaded not guilty to charges of drunken driving and reckless driving.
Tom served five days in jail last year after pleading guilty to drunken driving.
Tom served two months in jail for drunken driving.
Tom was arrested for drunken driving.
Tom was arrested on suspicion of drunken driving.
Tom was charged with drunken driving after he was involved in a car accident in Boston.
Tom was sentenced to five days in jail and a year on probation for drunken driving.
Tom's criminal record consists of only two drunken driving citations.
Tom has been convicted of drunken driving twice in the last four years.
During the night, everything looks different.
I paid her five dollars.
Tom has been convicted of drunk driving twice in the last four years.
A bunch of people died in the explosion.
A bunch of people told me not to eat there.
A bunch of people were standing outside waiting.
A child who is a native speaker usually knows many things about his or her language that a non-native speaker who has been studying for years still does not know and perhaps will never know.
A doctor told me that eating eggs was bad for me.
A gun might come in handy.
A lot of people are dealing with allergies now.
A lot of people are dealing with hay fever now.
A lot of people are going to tell you that you shouldn't have done that.
A lot of people are interested in camping.
A lot of people are now trying to sell their houses.
A lot of people are waiting to see what is going to happen.
A lot of people who have up until now been spending money having a good time now need to be more careful with their money.
According to the news, he was eaten by sharks.
According to the old man I met yesterday, cockroaches can be eaten and don't taste all that bad.
After I graduated from college, I got a job with my father's company.
After I graduated from college, I moved back home and lived with my parents for three years.
After I graduated from college, I spent two years traveling around the world.
All five rabbits were eaten by the hungry wolves.
All four of the boys didn't have alibis.
All my friends like the same kind of music that I do.
All the English teachers at my son's school are native speakers.
All we can do is wait for the police to arrive.
Am I boring you?
Am I under arrest?
Any time you want to borrow my car, all you have to do is ask.
Apparently, the murder happened in a locked room.
Apparently, we'll be getting a raise within two months.
Are there any bears around here?
Are you a creature of habit?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Are you an only child?
Are you close to your family?
Are you closer to your mother or to your father?
Are you excited?
Are you going to be OK?
Are you gonna help me or what?
Are you happy with how you look?
Are you happy with your weight?
Are you OK?
Are you on Facebook?
Are you responsible for this mess?
Are you seriously thinking about becoming involved?
Are you seriously thinking about buying a computer from that store?
Are you seriously thinking about buying that old car?
Are you seriously thinking about divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about driving all night?
Are you seriously thinking about eating all that?
Are you seriously thinking about getting a divorce?
Are you seriously thinking about getting involved?
Are you seriously thinking about getting married again at your age?
Are you seriously thinking about going?
Are you seriously thinking about having a baby?
Are you seriously thinking about not going?
Are you seriously thinking about pursuing a career as a race car driver?
Are you seriously thinking about quitting your job?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this on eBay?
Are you seriously thinking about selling this online?
Are you seriously thinking about starting your own business?
Are you still in love with your wife?
Are you still playing the bassoon?
Are you still thinking about applying to Harvard?
Are you sure that you want to do this?
Are you sure that you want to give this away?
Are you sure that you want to go there?
Are you sure that you want to quit your job?
Are you wondering what we ended up doing?
As soon as I can afford it, I plan to travel around the world.
As soon as I can afford to buy a house, I will.
As soon as I can figure out how to send money, I'll send you some.
As soon as I can get a decent video camera, I'll start making videos to put online.
As soon as I can get my son to scan our family photos, I'll upload some of them to our website.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll come for a visit.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll help your mother paint the fence.
As soon as I can get the chance, I'll send you some money.
As soon as I find it, I'll bring it over to your place.
As the tigers approached, we wondered who would be eaten first.
As we ate our meal, we talked about what we had done that day.
Back in those days, I loved to play checkers.
Before you can love others, you need to be able to love yourself.
Being aware of what and how much we eat is essential to good health.
Biting your fingernails is a bad habit.
Can eating just vegetables help you lose weight?
Can I eat my lunch here?
Can we really learn to speak a foreign language like a native?
Can you help look after the kids?
Can you remember how slow the Internet used to be?
Can you remember the first time we met each other?
Can you remember the first time you ate at this restaurant?
Can you remember the first time you heard the Beatles?
Can you remember the first word you learned in English?
Can you still remember the time we first met?
Can you still remember when we first met?
Can you still remember where we first met?
Circumstances have changed.
Considering all I've eaten all day is just one slice of bread, I'm not really all that hungry.
Could you describe to the jury what happened?
Could you please clear the table?
Could you please take me back home?
Could you please tell me again how many times you've been here?
Could you please tell me again what school you graduated from?
Could you please tell me again when the meeting is supposed to start?
Could you please tell me again where you put the key?
Could you please tell me again who your father is?
Could you please tell me again why you are late?
Cucumbers, spinach, broccoli and onions are considered non-starchy vegetables.
Did you come home early just to eat then go out again?
Did you double-check these figures?
Did you give a copy of the disk to anyone?
Did you say something?
Did you see the sunset earlier? It was really beautiful.
Didn't you tell me yesterday that you and your boyfriend had broken up?
Didn't you tell me yesterday that you wouldn't be late today?
Dinner is probably ready by now.
Do I curse too much?
Do snakes bother you?
Do we need to watch out for tigers around here?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you feel birthdays are important?
Do you feel giving gifts is important?
Do you feel like eating?
Do you give to charity?
Do you have a pet?
Do you have a tattoo?
Do you have a Twitter account?
Do you have any brothers or sisters?
Do you have any gum?
Do you have any idea how important your test grades are?
Do you have any idea what time it is?
Do you have any tattoos?
Do you have more than one copy of this key?
Do you hear something?
Do you know anyone who hums while they work?
Do you know what your kids are eating?
Do you like bowling?
Do you like cooking?
Do you like surfing?
Do you look your age?
Do you need a lift?
Do you often eat granola?
Do you often listen to audiobooks?
Do you recycle?
Do you see that house? It's mine.
Do you see that house? That's my house.
Do you talk to your cats?
Do you talk to your dog?
Do you talk to your plants?
Do you think I need to go?
Do you think I'm beautiful?
Do you think I'm being unreasonable?
Do you think I'm crazy?
Do you think I'm fat?
Do you think I'm handsome?
Do you think I'm made of money?
Do you think I'm pretty?
Do you think I'm qualified for that job?
Do you think I'm sexy?
Do you think I'm stupid?
Do you think I'm to blame?
Do you think I'm too materialistic?
Do you think I'm too old to go back to school?
Do you think I'm too old to have another baby?
Do you think I'm too tall?
Do you think I'm ugly?
Do you think I'm wasting my time?
Do you think it's dangerous to eat genetically modified food?
Do you think it's my fault?
Do you think it's possible for me to ever sound like a native speaker?
Do you think it's wise to wear your uniform today?
Do you think that eating breakfast every day is important?
Do you think that eating with your family is important?
Do you think that handguns should be made illegal?
Do you think that you would enjoy being famous?
Do you think you have to be able to pass for a native speaker to be an effective spy?
Do you think you would ever consider going out with me?
Do you think you would ever consider suicide?
Does anyone know the name of the deceased?
Doing that sort of thing makes you look stupid.
Don't add too much salt.
Don't bother waking me up at 4:00 a.m. I don't plan to go fishing tomorrow.
Don't cry.
Don't cry. Everything will be OK.
Don't lose sleep over that.
Don't plan to eat at Chuck's Diner. It's closed.
Don't worry. I told you everything would be OK.
Don't you have an air conditioner?
Dr. Jackson has a good bedside manner.
English is quite often the language of choice when speaking to an international audience.
Even though my friend was a vegetarian, I didn't tell him that the soup had some meat in it.
Even though there were many cookies on the dish, I only ate three.
Every student who has graduated from our university has studied English with a native speaker for at least two years.
Everybody in the building felt the earthquake.
Everybody in the building headed for the exits at the same time.
Everybody in the car said they wanted to get out and stretch their legs.
Everybody in the park looked up at the hot air balloon.
Everybody in the room let out a sigh of relief.
Everyone ate the same thing.
Everything that could go wrong has gone wrong.
Everything's going to be OK.
Everywhere you look you can see children playing.
Everywhere you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake.
Everywhere you look you can see young couples kissing.
For snacks, she eats fruit or nuts.
For some reason, people have been avoiding me like the plague ever since I got back from India.
For three weeks, he ate nothing at all.
For your own safety, never ride in a car with a drunk driver.
From personal experience, I know that any encounter with him will leave a bad taste in your mouth.
Get this stuff out of here.
Getting your message across is much more important than trying to say it exactly like a native speaker would say it.
Giving up isn't the answer.
Have both of you already eaten?
Have you been told about the problem?
Have you been told the reasons why we didn't hire you?
Have you been told when to come?
Have you been told when you are expected to be here?
Have you been told where the meeting will be?
Have you been told where to park your car?
Have you been told why we didn't hire you?
Have you eaten dinner?
Have you eaten?
Have you ever been mugged?
Have you ever been on TV?
Have you ever been stuck in an elevator?
Have you ever been to an opera?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Have you ever cheated on an exam?
Have you ever donated blood?
Have you ever done any volunteer work?
Have you ever driven a sports car?
Have you ever dyed your hair?
Have you ever eaten whale meat?
Have you ever given money to a beggar?
Have you ever seen a car accident?
Have you ever sung in public?
Have you given any thought to having dinner with me?
Have you ever gone skinny dipping?
Have you told anyone about the surprise party?
Have you told anyone about this problem?
Have you told anyone what your real name is?
Have you told anyone where our hideout is?
Have you told everyone when and where the meeting will be?
Have you told everyone when the meeting will be?
Have you told everyone where the meeting will be?
Having a small flashlight in your pocket may come in handy.
He ate rice twice a day for many years.
He beat the odds and was successful.
He is lying through his teeth.
He kept saying to himself that he must not tell so many lies.
He lied to my face.
He was curious about how it would taste, so he took a small bite.
Health officials have long urged people to eat less meat.
Her husband eats everything she puts in front of him.
Here is a list of things you should avoid eating.
Here. Take this with you. It might come in handy.
Hey, wait up!
How can I get my toddler to eat vegetables?
How can I tell if I'm really in love?
How could you just walk out the door without saying goodbye?
How did things turn out?
How do you get your children to eat vegetables?
How do you remove red wine stains from your carpet?
How do you think you'd look wearing that dress?
How do you usually decide what to eat?
How is your dad?
How long do I have to stay here?
How long do I have to wait for delivery?
How long do I have to wait?
How long have you two been together?
How many audiobooks do you have on your iPod?
How many audiobooks do you have on your mobile MP3 player?
How many calories are in 100 grams of butter?
How many cars have you owned so far?
How many computers have you had so far?
How many different schools have you attended?
How many kinds of vegetables do you grow in your garden?
How many operations has Dr. Jackson performed this month?
How many people die from automobile accidents each year?
How many suicides do you think there are every year in Japan?
How many times do I have to tell you not to eat candy just before dinner?
How many times do you think you've eaten here?
How much did they give you for your old car?
How much money did you spend last week?
How much money did you spend on your car?
How much money did you spend on your last holiday?
How much should my daughter be eating?
How much time do you spend selecting the food that you will eat?
How much TV do you watch?
How was your afternoon?
How was your day?
How was your night?
How was your summer?
Hundreds of soldiers ate in silence around their campfires.
I always drink a cup of coffee every morning.
I am not getting involved.
I asked them to fix my car.
I ate a burger, then went to bed.
I ate a large pizza with a friend an hour ago.
I ate quesadillas for breakfast.
I ate too much.
I can still remember the time when we went on a picnic together.
I can think of some situations in which a knife would come in handy.
I can understand why you don't want to eat there.
I can't believe that you actually got into Harvard.
I can't believe that you enjoyed that movie.
I can't believe that you like that restaurant.
I can't believe that you love me.
I can't believe that you really sold that junk for such a high price.
I can't believe that you were a cheerleader.
I can't believe that you were the smartest kid in your class.
I can't believe that you wouldn't enjoy playing cards with me and my friends.
I can't believe that you're really in love with me.
I can't believe you turned down that job.
I can't believe you're going to give away all your money.
I can't believe you're not as excited as I am.
I can't believe you're taking pictures of cockroaches.
I can't believe you weren't as impressed as I was.
I can't figure out how to delete what I just posted.
I can't figure out how to export my email addresses to a text file.
I can't figure out how to open this suitcase.
I can't figure out how to operate this machine.
I can't figure out how to post a comment to this blog.
I can't figure out how to register a new domain name.
I can't figure out how to solve this problem.
I can't figure out how to transfer MP3 files from my iPod back to my computer.
I can't figure out how to transfer MP3 files to my iPod.
I can't figure out how to upload an image.
I can't hide my feelings for you.
I can't keep doing this.
I can't tell you everything I've been told because I've been told not to.
I can't tell you everything.
I can't tell you exactly how long it will take.
I can't tell you how happy I am that you've come to visit us.
I can't tell you how many times I've been there.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate your help.
I can't tell you how much I've been looking forward to your visit.
I can't tell you how much this means to me.
I can't tell you how much your support means to us.
I can't tell you how to do that.
I can't tell you the answer to that yet.
I can't tell you what an honor this is.
I can't tell you what we did last night.
I can't tell you what we ended up doing.
I completely forgot to make something for us to eat.
I consider spaghetti to be one of the greatest foods in the world.
I could never imagine a life without you.
I didn't eat dinner last night.
I didn't eat everything that she served me.
I didn't hear you come in.
I didn't say it wasn't OK to eat.
I don't believe in fairy tales.
I don't care about your past.
I don't care what she eats.
I don't eat chicken skin.
I don't enjoy traveling in large groups.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know when, but it'll happen someday.
I don't like pizza any more than I like spaghetti.
I don't like pizza anymore.
I don't like that fat kid who ate your lunch.
I don't need an explanation.
I don't need you to take care of me.
I don't need your money. I just need your time.
I don't remember how we ended up in Boston.
I don't think children should drink beer.
I don't think I'd mind eating Chinese food every day.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker and I don't really think I need to.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker no matter how much I try.
I don't think I'll ever sound like a native speaker.
I don't think it makes him a bad person just because he's decided he likes to eat horse meat.
I don't think it's necessary for me to sound like a native speaker, I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't think many people can say they are satisfied with their salary.
I don't think that I deserved the punishment I got.
I don't understand and I'm not used to not understanding. Please explain it once more.
I don't usually eat red meat.
I don't want to eat here.
I don't need to sound like a native speaker, I just want to be able to speak fluently.
I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want you eating between meals.
I doubt that our new boss will be any worse than the old one.
I drank a lot and can't remember much of what happened last night.
I eat breakfast every day.
I eat lunch every day at noon.
I felt like I would die.
I found it necessary to ask for help.
I found it necessary to get a loan.
I found it necessary to get assistance.
I found it necessary to get up early every morning.
I found the subject fascinating.
I give up. No matter what I do, you never seem to be satisfied.
I got over it. You should, too.
I grew up eating Japanese food.
I guess I should get home to my wife.
I guess I should get home to the missus.
I guess I should get home to the wife.
I guess it doesn't matter anymore.
I guess it's impossible for me to learn how to play the oboe.
I guess we should go get something to eat.
I guess you'll need some help.
I had already eaten before I arrived at the party.
I had never eaten any kind of Thai food, so I was pretty excited about going to a Thai restaurant with my grandmother.
I hate dealing with children who are picky eaters.
I hate jealous women.
I hate myself for not having the will power to quit eating junk food.
I have a lot of friends who are native speakers, so I've had a lot of experience speaking with native speakers.
I have eaten at Chuck's Diner on several occasions.
I have many friends who are native speakers.
I have many friends who speak fluently, but still don't sound like native speakers.
I have no choice but to eat what they serve me.
I have no doubt in my mind you are the woman I'm going to marry.
I have no interest whatsoever in eating English food.
I have not eaten any seafood since the recent oil spill.
I have plenty of things to eat in the pantry.
I have to be honest. I was a little bit nervous the first time I had an MRI scan.
I have to check and see what the contract says.
I have to go to work.
I haven't been back here since that unfortunate incident.
I haven't been back here since the incident.
I haven't eaten French food since I left France.
I hear that he eats frogs.
I heard that a paralyzed man was eaten alive by maggots.
I heard that a South American camper was eaten by an anaconda.
I heard that a woman stabbed a man for eating her lunch.
I heard that one way to stay healthy is to avoid eating any food with unpronounceable ingredients.
I heard that you ate steak for dinner last night.
I hope that what you are eating is healthy.
I just got up. Give me a few minutes to get ready.
I just want to let you know that I can't attend this afternoon's meeting.
I just want to let you know that I think you're the most beautiful woman that I've ever seen.
I just want to let you know that I won't let you down.
I just want to let you know that I'll be late tomorrow morning.
I just want to talk with you a little while.
I knew I shouldn't have done it, but I did it anyways.
I knew I shouldn't have put off doing my homework until the last minute.
I know how to solve the problem, but I've been asked not to tell you.
I know it's going to be unpleasant to talk about the accident.
I know quite a few people who don't eat meat.
I know that I don't deserve you.
I know that I'm supposed to enjoy this class, but I don't.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone can help me.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone knows me.
I know that it is highly unlikely that anyone would be willing to help me.
I know that it is highly unlikely that we'll be able to sell all this stuff.
I know that it is highly unlikely that we'll see any whales today.
I know that it is highly unlikely that you'd ever want to go out with me, but I still need to ask at least once.
I know that you have issues with your mom.
I know the reason, but I can't tell you.
I know you're probably mad about what I said yesterday.
I know you've been avoiding me.
I know you've been waiting a long time, but could you wait just a little bit longer?
I like the way you look.
I like the way you sing.
I like the way you talk.
I like to be spontaneous.
I like you a whole lot.
I looked in my closet for something to wear, but couldn't find anything appropriate for the occasion.
I looked in my closet for something to wear.
I love Italian food.
I love roller skating.
I love the fact that you always seem to care so much.
I love the fact that you love me.
I met an old man who says that he's never eaten at a restaurant in his whole life.
I met someone the other day that I think I could fall in love with.
I miss you. I need to see you. Could I come over?
I missed going out with her and eating at our favorite restaurant.
I must live with the consequences of the choices I've made.
I need to get something to eat.
I need your answer by the end of the day.
I needed a lot of courage to try eating that strange food.
I never answer email messages from people I don't know.
I never felt this way before I met you.
I never for a moment imagined I'd be able to afford to live in such a fancy house.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be able to meet so many famous people.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be homeless.
I never for a moment imagined that I'd be singled out for a full body search.
I never for a moment imagined that I would still be doing this kind of thing at my age.
I never for a moment imagined that I would win.
I never for a moment imagined that my blog would become so popular.
I never for a moment imagined we wouldn't get home before the storm hit.
I never imagined anything like this.
I never imagined he'd do that to me.
I never imagined I'd be able to give a concert in Boston.
I never imagined I'd be working for you.
I never imagined I'd feel this way about you.
I never imagined myself going home so early.
I never imagined so many people would come to my party.
I never imagined we'd be talking about this topic today.
I never imagined we'd end up like this.
I never miss the opportunity to eat Italian food.
I never thought I would have to support such a large family.
I never thought it'd be this easy to hack into your website.
I never thought it'd be this hard to build a picnic table.
I never thought it'd be this hard to choose a color to paint the kitchen.
I never thought it'd be this hard to create an iPad app.
I never thought this rubber band would come in handy when I put it in my pocket this morning.
I never thought we'd end up like this.
I now view life differently than I used to.
I often read the Bible at night just before I go to sleep.
I only eat meat from animals that I have personally killed and butchered.
I plan to buy a new car as soon as I can afford one.
I plan to get a job as soon as I can.
I plan to leave Boston as soon as I can.
I'm pretty hungry since I haven't eaten since early this morning.
I promise you I won't do anything to harm you.
I promise you I won't ever leave you.
I promise you I won't stay out too late.
I promise you I'll come early.
I promise you I'll help you.
I promise you I'll keep you safe.
I promise you I'll look after you.
I promise you I'll never leave you.
I promise you I'll stay with you until your father arrives.
I put some cookies on the table and the kids ate them right up.
I realize I may not be the most desirable man in the world, but I still hope you'll consider going out with me.
I realize that this may sound crazy, but I think I've fallen in love with your younger sister.
I realize the effort you have put into this project and I really appreciate it.
I realized that even though I wanted to eat, I didn't have enough time.
I really like you.
I refuse to be ignored any longer.
I saw a man yesterday eating from a garbage can.
I seldom eat dairy products.
I should go home and get some sleep.
I should have listened more carefully.
I should head out.
I should've listened to what my mother said.
I shouldn't have accused him of stealing the money.
I shouldn't have asked you to do that.
I shouldn't have done that.
I shouldn't have done that. I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have drunk that last bottle of beer.
I shouldn't have eaten that. I feel sick.
I shouldn't have eaten the whole bag of potato chips.
I shouldn't have gone there by myself.
I shouldn't have gotten up so early.
I shouldn't have made you that sandwich.
I shouldn't have put my laptop so close to the edge of the table.
I shouldn't have sent that email.
I shouldn't have sold my car.
I shouldn't have stayed up all night.
I shouldn't have to do all this work by myself.
I shouldn't have to do all this work myself.
I shouldn't have to do that again.
I shouldn't have to ever come back here.
I shouldn't have to go to the dentist again for a while.
I shouldn't have to put up with this noise.
I shouldn't have to tell you to do your homework.
I shouldn't have to tell you to keep your room clean.
I shouldn't have used the word "password" as my password.
I shouldn't have walked home late at night by myself.
I shouldn't have wasted my time reading that.
I sometimes feel drowsy in the early afternoon.
I sometimes feel hungry in the middle of the night.
I still love the way you smile at me.
I still think it's unlikely that he'll come today.
I studied English for four years with a native speaker.
I suggest that you go and see a doctor about this as soon as you can.
I think he ate about 10 oysters.
I think I like eating white rice better than brown rice.
I think I understand the pressures you are under.
I think I'll always love you.
I think I'm going crazy.
I think I'm in trouble with my wife.
I think I'm losing my mind.
I think I'm really in love for the first time.
I think if I talked more often with a native speaker, my English skills would improve quickly.
I think it is morally wrong to eat people.
I think it wouldn't be too hard to come up with a better system.
I think it's a shame that some foreign language teachers were able to graduate from college without ever having studied with a native speaker.
I think it's highly unlikely that I'll ever see my stolen motorcycle again.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll be able to escape from this prison.
I think it's highly unlikely that we'll ever get any help from the national government.
I think it's highly unlikely that you'll be able to do that by yourself.
I think it's unhealthy to eat more than 20 oranges a day.
I think it's unlikely that a situation like this one would ever occur again.
I think it's unlikely that aliens similar to what we see in the movies have ever visited our planet.
I think it's unlikely that any store would sell this model for that price.
I think it's unlikely that I'll be able to pass my driving test.
I think it's unlikely that plants feel pain.
I think it's unlikely that the next model will be any better than this one.
I think it's unlikely that the next version of Windows will come out before the end of this month.
I think skateboards are usually cheaper than rollerblades.
I think that we should try again.
I think the time is right to introduce this product.
I think there's something wrong with you.
I think this tie will go great with that shirt.
I think we should use our time a bit more constructively.
I think you're the woman I've been waiting for all my life.
I think you should change your eating habits.
I think you've got what I need.
I thought a bunch of people would go water skiing with us, but absolutely no one else showed up.
I thought doing this would be easy, but we've been working all day and we're still not finished.
I thought doing this would be easy.
I thought I'd try eating Mexican food today.
I thought we had eaten everything in the house, but I found another box of crackers.
I thought we were going to go somewhere.
I told the children to be quiet, but they just kept on being noisy.
I told you guys to go home. Why are you still here?
I told you it was dangerous. The reason you got hurt was because you didn't listen.
I told you not to play your cello late at night, but you did and now the neighbors have complained.
I told you not to turn on the lights.
I told you the concert was going to be boring. Why didn't you believe me?
I told you we should've gotten here earlier. Now there aren't any places left to sit.
I tried a piece of cake and it was delicious.
I tried to call you last night, but you didn't answer.
I tried to do my homework, but I didn't really know how to do it, so I gave up.
I tried to keep from crying.
I tried to teach myself how to play the guitar.
I used to be fat.
I used to dream about becoming a model.
I used to dream about becoming a race car driver.
I used to dream about becoming an astronaut.
I used to dream about becoming very wealthy.
I used to dream about being a ballerina.
I used to dream about being a millionaire.
I used to dream about being a successful businessman.
I used to dream about being able to breathe underwater.
I used to dream about being able to play chess really well.
I used to use Twitter, but then found it a bit boring, so I stopped using it.
I usually eat rice with chopsticks.
I usually toss my loose change into my desk drawer.
I waited for you to get out of prison.
I want to feel important.
I want to have fun.
I want to learn to sound more like a native speaker.
I want to learn to speak Hawaiian, so I can impress my girlfriend.
I want to spend some time with you.
I want to tell you something important.
I was accused of eating the boss's lunch.
I was just wondering how it would feel to be punched in the stomach.
I was just wondering how much it would cost to have my car washed and waxed.
I was just wondering how often this kind of thing happens.
I was just wondering how you guys ever got talking about this topic.
I was just wondering if any of you are planning to go to our high school reunion this weekend.
I was just wondering if I could borrow three hundred dollars from you. I can pay you back next Monday.
I was just wondering if maybe there was some more milk in the refrigerator.
I was just wondering if you have any experiences you would like to share with us.
I was just wondering if you have been able to find a place to live.
I was just wondering what kind of pets you have at home.
I was just wondering what languages you can speak.
I was just wondering why you haven't yet turned in your homework assignment.
I was never involved with that scandal.
I was raised eating Mexican food.
I was raised in an orphanage in Boston.
I was raised on the east side of Boston.
I was still eating when the doorbell rang.
I was surprised because my husband actually ate some of our wedding cake.
I wasn't supposed to help my son do his homework, but I did.
I wasn't supposed to tell you that.
I wasn't sure that he would settle for anything less.
I went to the restroom during the intermission.
I will send you a copy of my plans as soon as I can.
I will send you a copy of this picture as soon as I can.
I wish I could afford to send my daughter to an Ivy League university.
I wish I could be more spontaneous.
I wish I could cook as well as my mother.
I wish I could figure out how to beat the system.
I wish I could figure out how to burn a DVD.
I wish I could figure out how to control my appetite.
I wish I could figure out how to delete my Facebook account.
I wish I could figure out how to disable comments on my blog.
I wish I could figure out how to embed a YouTube video.
I wish I could figure out how to finish this project without asking for help.
I wish I could figure out how to fix this.
I wish I could figure out how to get Flash to work on my iPad.
I wish I could figure out how to get my car painted without paying a lot of money.
I wish I could figure out how to get more people to visit my website.
I wish I could figure out how to install this software.
I wish I could figure out how to make more money.
I wish I could figure out how to make this work.
I wish I could figure out how to stop my children from fighting.
I wish I could play the flute as well as Ian Anderson.
I wish I could sing as well as Lady Gaga.
I wish I could speak English like a native speaker.
I wish I could tell you all the details, but my boss told me not to.
I wish I could tell you the reason, but I can't.
I wish my back didn't always hurt so much.
I wish my leg didn't hurt so much.
I wish she would eat what I give her without complaining.
I wish this was all over.
I wish this was over.
I wish we didn't have to do this any longer.
I wish we didn't have to do this anymore.
I won't be running for mayor.
I wonder if it really was a coincidence.
I wonder if my efforts will pay off.
I wonder if something has happened.
I wonder if you ever think of me.
I wonder if you have ever considered going to a specialist.
I wonder if you have ever really cared for me.
I wonder what it feels like to be rich.
I wonder what we'll be doing this time next year.
I wonder why he didn't eat the apple that fell on his head.
I would do anything for you.
I would eat coconut cake every day if I could.
I would like to eat now.
I would never consider building a house in this area.
I'd never testify against my wife.
I'd better solve this problem quickly.
I'd do anything for you.
I'd like to cancel tomorrow's meeting.
I'd like to get to know you better.
I'd like to improve my English skills.
I'd like to know exactly how much money is in my account.
I'd like to know what you're doing.
I'd like to know when you plan to give me back the scissors I lent you.
I'd like to know why you're unhappy.
I'd like to spend the rest of my life with you.
I'd like to thank you for all your hard work.
I'd like to visit Angkor Wat before I die.
I'd like you to come early.
I'd like you to drive.
I'd like you to get me a cup of coffee.
I'd like you to help me gather some firewood.
I'd like you to help me install this software.
I'd like you to help me.
I'd love to come and visit if I had the time.
I'd love to come and visit.
I'd love to hang out with you this weekend.
I'd rather eat something simple.
I'd rather not eat the meat from an animal that was cloned.
I'll always love you no matter what you do.
I'll be back soon. I have to run to the post office.
I'll be looking for a new place to live as soon as I graduate from college.
I'll be ready in a few moments.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
I'll bring you something to eat.
I'll call back as soon as I can.
I'll come by tomorrow morning.
I'll deliver it as soon as I can.
I'll figure it out.
I'll get there as soon as I can.
I'll give you anything you want.
I'll go and get you a cup of coffee.
I'll go and get you a doctor.
I'll go out and buy one as soon as I can.
I'll let you know the results as soon as I can.
I'll look over your essay as soon as I can find the time.
I'll pay you back as soon as I can.
I'll see you in a bit.
I'll see you next summer.
I'll see you next Wednesday.
I'll see you Saturday.
I'll see you soon.
I'm a high school math teacher.
I'm a non-native speaker of English and realize there is a lot that I still need to learn.
I'm afraid you'll have to learn to live with the pain.
I'm already late.
I'm already so late.
I'm beginning to think that I shouldn't have enlisted in the army.
I'm deeply in love with you.
I'm done with my chores.
I'm done with my homework.
I'm faithful to my wife.
I'm falling in love with you.
I'm getting married.
I'm going to be around tomorrow afternoon, so please drop in.
I'm having trouble with my roommate. He eats all my food.
I'm in no hurry.
I'm just about finished doing the laundry.
I'm just about finished with my homework.
I'm just about finished with the report.
I'm just trying to make a buck.
I'm leaving tonight for Australia.
I'm looking for a native speaker who could help me correct this essay.
I'm looking forward to coming over to your place to eat.
I'm more afraid of them than I am of you.
I'm not a creature of habit.
I'm not going to see you again.
I'm not letting you escape from here.
I'm not made of money.
I'm not much of a singer.
I'm not much of a writer.
I'm not much of an actor.
I'm not sure how often I should be taking this medicine.
I'm passionate about my job.
I'm pretty sure that my cat ate my hamster.
I'm really in love with you.
I'm secretly in love with someone else's wife.
I'm sick and tired of all this bickering.
I'm sick and tired of the way you yell at me.
I'm sick and tired of you always parking in my space.
I'm so excited.
I'm so glad that you asked me to give the opening speech tonight.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry for making you cry.
I'm sorry you got dragged into this.
I'm still in love with you.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find another place to live.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find out who hacked into our system.
I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to learn how to use that application.
I'm thinking there may not be enough time for me to eat before the meeting.
I'm tired of all this nagging.
I'm tired of all your fussing.
I'm tired of fighting with you.
I'm tired of studying. Let's go out for a drink.
I'm tired of talking to you about this.
I'm totally and completely in love with you.
I'm very particular about what kind of people I invite into my house.
I've already bought my ticket.
I've already paid for the first lesson.
I've already tested them.
I've always wanted to be a professional basketball player.
I've always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji.
I've always wanted to go to Boston.
I've always wanted to know what that meant.
I've always wanted to learn how to swim.
I've always wanted to learn to play the oboe.
I've always wanted to meet your younger brother.
I've always wanted to own a sports car.
I've always wanted to play the trombone.
I've always wanted to run a small hotel in the mountains.
I've always wanted to say that.
I've always wanted to see your house.
I've always wanted to sing on stage.
I've always wanted to travel through Europe.
I've always wanted to try to learn French.
I've always wanted to visit Boston.
I've been appointed to help you.
I've been asked to forward this message to you.
I've been asked to give this to you.
I've been asked to help you.
I've been eating the stew that we made a few days ago.
I've been looking for a girl like you.
I've been married three times.
I've been on my feet all day, so I just need to sit down for a while.
I've been requested to help you.
I've been secretly in love with her for years.
I've been thinking about the meaning of life.
I've been told to help you.
I've been trying to teach our baby to eat from a spoon.
I've decided to make something for us to eat.
I've figured out the puzzle.
I've got 20 bucks that says we'll catch the escaped prisoners before daybreak.
I've got really good news.
I've got so much left to do.
I've got something important to discuss with you.
I've had a really tough day.
I've had no problems with my boss.
I've heard it said that it's harder to please a woman than to please a man. I wonder if that's true.
I've heard research has found that men are bigger liars than women.
I've heard research has found that men are more likely to tell lies than women.
I've heard that eating one or two servings of fish a week will reduce your chances of getting heart disease.
I've heard that it's impossible to sound like a native speaker unless one starts speaking the language before the age of twelve.
I've heard that people can eat cat food without any harmful effects.
I've heard that people who eat vegetables and fruit every day are less likely to have a heart attack.
I've just eaten so I'm not hungry.
I've made a list of foods that I can't eat.
I've made a list of people I need to talk to.
I've made a list of things I'd like to buy.
I've made up my mind to give back all the money I stole.
I've made up my mind to go.
I've made up my mind to learn how to play the harp.
I've never eaten a live octopus.
I've never had a student before that behaved as badly as you did today.
I've never met a musician that I didn't like.
I've never met a person that I've disliked immediately.
I've never met anyone who makes me as happy as you make me.
I've never met someone that I love as much as I love you.
I've recently changed brands of toothpaste.
If a man wants to learn to sound like a native speaker of Japanese, he shouldn't only learn Japanese from women. The reverse is true for a woman.
If he eats a big lunch, he usually gets sleepy mid-afternoon.
If I could only play the tuba half as well as you, I'd be very happy.
If I could only speak English half as well as you can, I wouldn't be worried about traveling around the world.
If I don't go to the supermarket, I won't be able to prepare anything to eat this evening.
If I were to study French, I'd prefer to study with a native French speaker.
If only you had helped me yesterday, the problem would have been avoided.
If someone who doesn't know your background says that you sound like a native speaker, it means they probably noticed something about your speaking that made them realize you weren't a native speaker. In other words, you don't really sound like a native speaker.
If something had happened last night, I think I would have heard it.
If we don't get something to eat soon, we'll all starve to death.
If you are caught cheating, you'll be expelled from school.
If you are interested in studying English with a native speaker, please contact me.
If you aren't careful about what you eat, you'll put back on all the weight that you spent so much time losing.
If you ate fewer burgers, you'd probably be healthier.
If you can't go to an English-speaking country to study, perhaps you can find an English native speaker living nearby that can help you learn English.
If you can't visit a country where they speak the language you are learning, find a local bar where native speakers of that language hang out and start hanging out there.
If you change your hairstyle, you could look ten years younger.
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you want to live?
If you don't make it back in time for the meeting, I'll kill you.
If you don't mind, may we inspect your suitcase?
If you don't start treating people with a little more respect, people may start avoiding you like the plague.
If you ever come back to me, I'll never treat you badly again.
If you ever go to Japan, please visit my hometown.
If you get scared during the night, just turn on your light.
If you look around, you'll see many people doing the same thing.
If you need my help, all you have to do is ask.
If you throw your jeans in the washing machine, I'll wash them for you.
If you want to come for a visit, please do.
If you want to learn a foreign language well, you should speak that language with native speakers as often as you can.
If you want to master a language, you need to learn to think in that language.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, it'll take a lot of work.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, it's easier if you choose one dialect and stick with it. Native speakers don't usually mix dialects in everyday speaking.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, listen to native speakers whenever possible.
If you want to sound like a native speaker, you must be willing to practice saying the same sentence over and over in the same way that banjo players practice the same phrase over and over until they can play it correctly and at the desired tempo.
If you want to sound more like a native speaker of American English, watch more American TV programs and fewer British TV programs.
If you were given ten million dollars, how would you spend it?
If you weren't exposed to a language until you were an adult, you are very, very unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker of that language.
If your company primarily does business with America, then you should be studying English with a native speaker from America.
In 2009, a man in New Zealand cooked and ate his pet dog.
In many countries, whenever a group of people from various language backgrounds get together, English is usually the language that is spoken.
In retrospect, I probably shouldn't have gone there with her.
In retrospect, I should have known that it was a scam.
In retrospect, I should have treated her with more respect.
In retrospect, I think you were right.
In retrospect, it may seem obvious that we shouldn't have been burning our trash so close to our house.
In retrospect, maybe I shouldn't have posted that photo in my blog.
In situations like these, a gun might come in handy.
In situations like these, it's best to remain calm.
In the end, we ended up eating at that shabby restaurant.
In this course, we'll spend time helping you sound more like a native speaker.
Instead of eating real food, we just ate junk food all day.
Instead of eating vegetables, he puts them in a blender and drinks them.
Is eating 1,800 calories a day enough?
Is eating a clove of garlic every day beneficial to your health?
Is eating between meals really bad for your health?
Is eating cockroaches a bad idea?
Is eating egg yolks really that unhealthy?
Is eating fish as healthy now as it used to be?
Is eating fish every day bad for you?
Is eating fish good for you?
Is eating healthy more costly?
Is eating healthy more expensive?
Is eating less meat a good idea?
Is eating liver bad for you?
Is eating liver good for you?
Is eating meat morally wrong?
Is eating more than eight oranges a day bad for you?
Is eating organic food worth the money?
Is eating organic food worth what it costs?
Is eating people wrong?
Is eating pork a sin?
Is eating potatoes fattening?
Is eating raw eggs safe?
Is eating raw pork really bad for you?
Is eating raw pumpkin safe?
Is eating red meat unhealthy?
Is eating sugar really that bad for you?
Is eating too much fiber bad for you?
Is eating whale meat wrong?
Is it morally wrong to eat meat?
Is it morally wrong to eat the meat from some animals, but not other animals?
Is it OK for some kid to show you up?
Is it safe for children to eat in smoky restaurants?
Is it safe for dogs to eat fish?
Is it safe to eat a pig's eyeball?
Is it safe to eat food that has dropped on the floor?
Is it safe to eat raw fish during pregnancy?
Is it safe to stay here?
Is that the best you can do?
Is there any chance that you have eaten any of the contaminated food?
Is there some place I can lie down?
Isn't it about time for another beer?
Isn't it about time to eat?
Isn't it about time to get out of here?
Isn't it about time to go home?
Isn't it true that you own a gun?
Isn't it true that you visited her on the night in question?
It all happened so fast, I can't really explain it.
It always takes time to get to know someone well.
It doesn't make much sense to me that I have to pay more income tax than you even though you make more money than I do.
It doesn't make much sense to me that we aren't allowed to sit here.
It doesn't make much sense to me that it works well on my computer, but not on yours.
It is best to avoid eating high cholesterol foods.
It just won't be the same around here without you.
It looks like she is a little under the weather.
It looks like the thief came in through the window.
It looks like we'd better leave.
It looks like we're going to be staying here tonight.
It looks like we're in for some nasty weather.
It looks like we're running out of money.
It looks like we're running out of water.
It looks like we're staying here tonight.
It looks like winter is here to stay.
It may seem like a good idea to you, but I think it's a little dangerous.
It may seem like a lot of trouble to go through, but in the end, you'll be happy you did it.
It may seem like a minor thing to you, but for a lot of people this is really difficult to do.
It may seem like an awful lot of money, but it'll be money well spent.
It must be a nightmare to clean this place.
It seemed like a nice idea at the time, but I wish I hadn't done it.
It seemed so real, but I guess it was just a crazy dream.
It seems like just yesterday that we first met.
It seems like just yesterday that you were here.
It seems like summer is finally here.
It seems like the rainy season is finally over.
It seems like we just keep going around in circles, doing the same old thing.
It seems like we're going to be a little late.
It seems like you got up on the wrong side of the bed this morning.
It seems like your only choice is to go.
It seems that the only time he isn't eating is when he's sleeping.
It sounds like you need a new muffler.
It sounds like you need new brakes.
It started raining just as I was leaving home.
It turns out that he often eats at his father's restaurant.
It was fun going to Chuck's Diner with you.
It would be nice if you could make me something to eat.
It wouldn't be too hard to design a new website for you.
It'll take some time, but eventually we'll be able to rebuild.
It'll take some time, but I think we can patch things up.
It's a lot less likely for a Macintosh computer to have a virus than a computer running Windows.
It's all going to be OK.
It's almost impossible to avoid eating genetically modified food.
It's already 11:30. We should turn in.
It's amazing that so many people cross this street when the light is red.
It's because of you that we were able to complete this job on time.
It's because of you that we were late.
It's been reported that some men had killed and eaten some animals that were in the local zoo.
It's dangerous to play with fire.
It's difficult bringing up a child who is not your own.
It's essential that you eat more vegetables.
It's funny how things turned out.
It's getting easier to find audio files by native speakers for almost any language you might want to study.
It's getting late. Let's turn in.
It's good to see you.
It's highly unlikely that our taxes will be lowered.
It's important to take good care of your teeth so you'll be able to eat properly when you get older.
It's kind of difficult to see in the dark, isn't it?
It's likely to get cold tonight, so you may need an extra blanket.
It's not as difficult to find a native speaker to help you with your language studies as it used to be.
It's not necessary to speak like a native speaker in order to communicate.
It's often said that best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
It's OK to eat the rest of the cake if you want.
It's possible to eat green beans raw.
It's possible to study English with a native speaker almost anywhere in the world.
It's really dark in here. I can't see anything.
It's safer to stay here.
It's safer to stay right here.
It's time for lunch.
It's time to eat.
It's unlikely she's as clueless as you think.
It's unlikely she's as stupid as you think.
It's unlikely she's that stupid.
It's unlikely that a hacker could get into our website.
It's unlikely that anything serious will happen.
It's unlikely that he did anything wrong.
It's unlikely that I'll have time to finish this project before next week.
It's unlikely that our company will make a profit this year.
It's unlikely that our team will win.
It's unlikely that replacing the battery will fix the problem.
It's unlikely that that movie will make a lot of money.
It's unlikely that the next person who walks through that door will be wearing short pants.
It's unlikely that the typhoon will hit before morning.
It's unlikely that tomorrow's meeting will last over an hour.
It's unlikely that you'll be successful if you don't study a bit harder.
It's unlikely that you'll ever be able to convince him that he's wrong.
It's very unlikely that a serious art collector would ever buy anything from that source.
It's very unlikely that he is actually the same man you met ten years ago.
It's very unlikely that I'll be adding anything new to my website anytime soon.
It's very unlikely that we will ever find a solution to this problem.
It's very unlikely that we will release a new album before next winter.
It's very unlikely that you'll ever see a horse around here.
It's worth a try, right?
Just throw your bicycle in the back of the truck and I'll drive you home.
Knowing how to hot wire a car may come in handy someday.
Knowing where the fire escape is in a hotel may save your life.
Lack of sleep can have an enormous negative impact on a student's grades.
Learning collocations is one step towards sounding like a native speaker.
Let me bring you up to speed.
Let me eat this one and you can eat the other one.
Let me finish eating my sandwich.
Let me give this to you before I forget.
Let me show you how to do that.
Let me show you the way.
Let me tell you a funny story.
Let me tell you a little about myself.
Let me tell you a secret about how things work around here.
Let me tell you a secret.
Let me tell you about a girl I met yesterday.
Let me tell you about what happened.
Let me tell you an interesting story.
Let me tell you everything I know.
Let me tell you how to do that.
Let me tell you my side of the story.
Let me tell you the reasons that I don't agree with you.
Let me tell you what's going to happen if you don't start behaving yourself.
Let me tell you why you shouldn't be here.
Let's do it again.
Let's do this again. It's been a lot of fun.
Let's eat in the park like we used to.
Let's establish some ground rules.
Let's get out of this place.
Let's give up on our plan to eat at that restaurant.
Let's go out and get something to eat.
Let's go over this plan again.
Let's hear the rest of the story.
Let's hit the town tonight and have some fun.
Let's hope that doesn't happen.
Let's hope that we get there on time.
Let's hope the weather is good tomorrow.
Let's just go see him.
Let's order the all-you-can-eat special.
Make a wish.
Many children enjoy eating peanut butter sandwiches.
Many foreign language students dream of speaking like a native.
Many native speakers of Japanese have trouble hearing the difference between B and V.
Many parents think it's important for their children to eat before 8:00 p.m.
Many people around the world eat three meals a day.
Many people think that antique cars are overpriced.
May I use your eraser? I seem to have lost mine.
Maybe I shouldn't have done that.
Mom says you should get out of bed.
Most days he eats a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
Most folks ate very quickly and the food soon disappeared.
Most people are very passionate about something.
Most people consider murder wrong.
Most people say that the best way to learn a foreign language is to learn from a native speaker.
Most people studying a foreign language will never be able to speak like a native speaker.
Most people think that it's OK to eat meat.
Most, if not all, people enjoy eating.
My aim is to learn enough English so I don't need to carry a dictionary with me when I travel.
My band will perform this week at Chuck's Bar and Grill. Please come and see us.
My biggest worry is about where my next meal will come from.
My coach eats 6,000 calories a day.
My coach eats 8,000 calories a day and never gains weight.
My doctor told me to quit taking aspirin.
My dog ate a paper towel. I wonder if he'll get sick.
My dog ate my homework.
My dog eats grapes.
My dog sometimes eats grass.
My favorite fish to eat is salmon.
My guests have only been here since yesterday, but they've already eaten me out of house and home.
My hope is to give you good food for a low price.
My mother said there was nothing I could do to completely prepare for parenthood.
My mother told me I needed to eat less candy.
My mother told me I needed to eat more vegetables.
My mother tried to encourage me to eat a healthier diet.
My sister's getting married.
My son never eats his spinach.
My stomach is often a bit upset after eating spicy food.
My thirteen year old girl loves to watch romance movies.
My twelve year old boy doesn't like to play baseball.
My two-year-old won't eat some of the healthy food I've been trying to feed him.
Native speakers sometimes make mistakes, but not usually the same kind of mistakes that non-native speakers make.
Next year is an election year.
No matter where you look you can see damage caused by the earthquake.
No matter where you looked you could see damage caused by the earthquake.
Nobody wanted to talk about the incident.
Nothing has gone right all day.
Nothing is forgiven.
Now it's time for you to go.
On a more positive note, we should be making a profit by this time next year.
One of my favorite things to eat is shrimp.
One of my major complaints about the iPhone is that it doesn't support Flash.
One thing I don't like about the iPad is that you can't easily install apps that aren't available through Apple's App Store.
One thing I've always wanted to do is get a decent job close to home.
One thing I've always wanted to do is go camping with my family.
One thing I've always wanted to do is go on a sea cruise.
One thing I've always wanted to do is learn how to cook like you.
One thing I've always wanted to do is learn to fly an airplane.
One thing I've always wanted to do is run my own restaurant.
One thing I've always wanted to do is write a children's book.
One thing you should know about me is that I hate exercising.
One thing you should know about me is that I play poker every Friday night.
One thing you should know about me is that I seldom cry.
One thing you should know about me is that I'm a little overweight.
One thing you should know about me is that I'm obsessed with punctuality.
One way to learn a foreign language is to interact with native speakers of that language.
Onions can be eaten raw or cooked.
Our favorite place to eat is that small restaurant on the corner.
Our mother had no choice but to make dinner with leftovers.
Our only witness is refusing to testify.
Our security cameras are fake.
Our survival depends on finding drinking water soon.
Over the last month, I have eaten Chinese, French, Italian, Greek, Hungarian and Mexican food.
Parents warn their children not to eat food given to them by strangers.
Parsnips, squash, carrots, peas and sweet potatoes are considered starchy vegetables.
People often lie about what they did on the weekend, so their friends won't realize how boring they really are.
Perhaps this pocketknife will come in handy someday.
Please continue eating. Don't worry about me.
Please do your chores before you go out to play.
Please don't walk so fast.
Please give me a break.
Please have a look at this book.
Please keep your cynical remarks to yourself.
Please put the potato chips in the bowl. Don't eat them directly from the bag.
Please remind me to go to the doctor's tomorrow.
Please tell me what you heard.
Please tell us the rest of the story.
Please turn off your engine.
Pour me another cup of coffee and I'll eat another doughnut.
Ready or not, here I come.
Ready or not, the exam begins in ten minutes.
Ready or not, we have to be on stage in five minutes.
Ready or not, we have to leave right now.
Recently, a lot of people are losing their jobs.
Recently, you've been depressing to hang out with.
Rice is usually eaten with chopsticks in Japan.
Right after I graduated from college, I went into the army.
Running away isn't the answer.
Salmon is my favorite fish to eat.
Save me a seat.
She makes sure that her family eats a balanced diet.
She showed her guests how to eat what she had prepared.
She told me she loved me.
She told me that she loved me.
She was crying last night.
She was working last night.
She's eating for two.
Show me your new filing system.
Since I live near Canada, I'd prefer to learn the kind of French spoken in Canada.
Since I'm no longer young, I can't do that anymore.
Since there are usually multiple websites on any given topic, I usually just click the back button when I arrive on any webpage that has pop-up advertising. I just go to the next page found by Google and hope for something less irritating.
Skipping classes can have an enormous negative impact on your final grade.
Some animals eat their young.
Some days seem to just drag on and last forever.
Some non-native speakers think they speak the language better than native speakers.
Some of us might be willing to go.
Some of us plan to visit you in the near future.
Some of us will be at your party.
Some people consider it a waste of time to study languages such as Klingon, Interlingua and Esperanto.
Some people eat sushi with their hands.
Some people keep a food diary to keep track of things they've eaten.
Some people say that eating carrots will improve your eyesight.
Some people say that eating late at night is bad for your health.
Some people say that it is human nature to root for the underdog.
Some people say that you shouldn't check your email first thing in the morning.
Some people think eating at home is better for you than eating out.
Some people think that it is difficult for a native speaker of English to learn Chinese, but I disagree.
Some people will not eat fish with milk.
Somehow, you look different today.
Someone is lying.
Something you should know about me is that I half of what I say is meaningless.
Something you should know about me is that I sleep late in the morning.
Something you should know about me is that I spend a lot of time reading.
Something you should know about me is that I stay up until late at night.
Something you should know about me is that I travel a lot and am seldom home.
Something you should know about me is that I want to become an actor.
Something you should know about me is that I'm a creature of habit.
Something you should know about me is that I'm addicted to computer games.
Something you should know about me is that I'm afraid of heights.
Something you should know about me is that I'm deeply in debt.
Something you should know about me is that I'm very much a country boy at heart.
Something you should know about me is that my greatest fear in life is that people will find out that I'm poor.
Something you should know about me is that when I get angry, I get quiet.
Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead.
Sometimes I think I'll never be on my own. Both of my parents always seem to need my help.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn't have become a lawyer.
Sometimes I wonder if I shouldn't have stayed in Boston.
Sometimes it may seem like we're not making any progress.
Sometimes it's just best to avoid topics that might be controversial.
Stress can have an enormous negative impact on your health.
Thank you for giving me something to eat. I was really hungry.
Thank you for listening.
Thank you for your time.
Thanks for showing me how to do that.
Thanks for showing me the way.
Thanks for stopping by.
That couple spends quite a bit of money eating at nice restaurants.
That doctor specializes in helping those with eating disorders.
That dog tries to eat just about anything he lays his eyes on.
That experience left a bad taste in my mouth.
That pair of pliers came in handy.
That politician claimed that he only ate local farm products.
That psychiatrist specialized in eating disorders.
That shirt looks good on you.
That smells delicious.
That was a really good call.
That was one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I've ever eaten.
That was the most unforgettable meal that I've ever eaten.
That's a pretty strange-looking bracelet you're wearing.
That's amazing!
That's not how I feel.
That's not interesting.
That's not possible.
That's not real.
That's not true.
That's ridiculous.
The best cookies I've ever eaten are the ones that your mother baked for me.
The best salad you'll ever eat is the one they serve with their lunch special.
The boy I saw searching through the garbage can said that he had not eaten anything for four days.
The cake was all eaten up before I got home.
The coach called off the game because many of the players were down with the flu.
The coral reef is the region's prime attraction.
The doctor told me to eat fewer high-calorie snacks.
The doctor will be here in a minute.
The flame went out.
The food athletes eat is just as important as what kind of exercises they do.
The game is over.
The good news is that we'll be able to help you.
The good news is that you don't have cancer.
The good news is that you're not going to die.
The hungry birds were eating from the bird feeder.
The iPad would be a better product if it could handle Flash.
The iPad would be a perfect solution for me if it could properly display web pages with Flash content.
The man, who had not eaten for three days, had trouble thinking about anything except food.
The more countries a language is spoken in, the less important it is to sound like a native speaker, since speakers of that language are accustomed to hearing various dialects.
The one and only dessert my son eats is chocolate cake.
The only people standing in front of the building are policemen.
The only thing he eats is candy.
The only thing on the table that I normally wouldn't eat is that stuff on the yellow plate.
The only way I can eat oatmeal is with a lot of sugar.
The police found some blood on the floor.
The police haven't yet caught the person who committed this hideous crime.
The police left without finding anything.
The police still have no leads.
The price of this camera is very high.
The price of this computer is very low.
The prince thought the young girl had been eaten by a dragon.
The year after I graduated from college, I was finally able to find a job.
The young couple ate off the same plate.
There always seems like there is something to do.
There have been a lot of complaints about your behavior.
There are so many interesting things going on.
There are some things we can change if we choose to change them.
There are some things we can change if we only try.
There are some things we could've change, but we chose not to.
There doesn't seem to be anyone living around here.
There have been a lot of complaints about kids skateboarding in front of the school.
There have been a lot of complaints about that policy.
There have been a lot of complaints about the high prices at the pumps.
There have been a lot of complaints about the lack of police protection.
There have been a lot of complaints from consumers that our products don't last as long as we claim.
There have been a lot of complaints from students about the amount of homework that Mr. Jackson gives.
There have been a lot of complaints in the last few days about the amount of noise coming from your apartment.
There have been a lot of complaints recently about drivers not obeying the speed limits in downtown Boston.
There is a museum just north of the zoo.
There is no smoking allowed on our campus.
There is no time to argue.
There sure were a lot of unhappy people there on that day.
There was a crack in my tennis racket, so I sent it out to be repaired.
There was a half-eaten apple near the kitchen sink.
There were just barely over 100 houses in the village we passed yesterday.
There were many things that bothered me about that contract.
There were many things that I didn't like about that movie.
There were many things that I thought were important at that time that I no longer believe are important.
There were many things that needed my attention, so I didn't get home until after midnight.
There were many things that needed to be done before we could leave.
There were many things that we needed to do to prepare for our trip.
There were many things that we simply didn't have time to do.
There were many things that we wanted to do, but we never got around to doing many of them.
There were no fingerprints on the knife.
There's a fire in the building. We have to evacuate immediately.
There's a man with a gun in his hand standing at the door.
There's a party going on in the next room.
There's danger that the levee will break. We have to evacuate immediately.
There's no point going there now. I'm sure they are closed.
There's nothing I wouldn't do for you.
There's nothing that can keep us apart.
There's nothing that can stop us now.
There's nothing that can't be done if we work together.
There's nothing to be scared of.
There's probably somebody in that old house.
There's something about this bookstore that just makes people want to come back again.
There's something about this translation that isn't quite right.
There's something happening here that I don't quite understand.
There's something I have to let you know right away.
These are my favorite pair of shoes.
These books aren't for children.
These books aren't just for children.
They ate turkey on Thanksgiving Day.
They eat fish on Fridays.
They rushed the woman to the hospital after she ate a lightbulb.
They say that a family that eats together, stays together.
They say that eating more slowly is one way to eat less.
They say that in America anyone can become president, but perhaps that's not really true.
They thought it would be too expensive to build a factory here.
This camera is very expensive.
This computer didn't cost much.
This device may come in handy.
This dictionary might come in handy.
This is a pretty amazing place.
This is everything I've ever wanted.
This is our secret. Please don't tell anyone else.
This is the best birthday dinner ever.
This is the best tasting pear I've ever eaten.
This is the first time for me to eat here.
This is the most beautiful beach in the whole world.
This just might come in handy someday.
This may just come in handy someday.
This phrase might come in handy.
This suitcase is too heavy for me to carry.
Three missionaries were killed and eaten by cannibals.
To improve your fluency, you should try speaking with native speakers as often as you can.
Today is our last day of school.
Toss your gun on the ground.
Toss your gun over here.
Unless you started learning English as a child, you're unlikely to ever sound like a native speaker.
Until that day, I had never eaten dog meat.
Until you admit that you were wrong, I'm not going to talk to you.
Vegetarians eat vegetables.
Wait till the guys at work hear that your wife left you for another woman.
Was that you at the door?
Was that you in the car?
Was that you on TV last night?
Was that you who called late last night?
Washing your hands regularly is a good way to prevent catching some diseases.
We all know that eating a balanced diet is good for you.
We appreciate everything you have done.
We ate a delicious steak dinner at a very expensive restaurant.
We ate cotton candy at the state fair.
We ate dinner together every night.
We ate until we couldn't eat any more.
We ate until we were full.
We ate until we were satisfied.
We believe the time of death was 2:20 p.m.
We don't need any more volunteers, but we could use some more money.
We ended up going home early.
We ended up not getting there on time.
We had a little trouble with the equipment yesterday.
We had to alter our plans because we didn't have enough money.
We have more than enough time to spare.
We have no choice but to give up the whole plan.
We have no choice. I guess we'll have to walk.
We have no reason to believe that prices will be increased.
We have to live with the consequences of our actions.
We have to live with the consequences of our choices.
We have to make the most of this situation.
We love you so much.
We made good time since the traffic was light.
We need to figure out what works and what doesn't work.
We only sell top quality products.
We should pay more attention to environmental problems.
We shouldn't have to be dealing with this problem now.
We started with 20 students. Now we have more than 200.
We'll eventually find a solution to this problem, I think.
We're just about finished for the day.
We're just about finished here.
We're just about finished with this job.
We're so proud of you!
We've had a lot of complaints about how you treat your classmates.
We've searched everywhere. There's nowhere else to look.
Were you really playing chess at 11:30 last night?
What am I supposed to do after I finish doing this?
What am I supposed to do now?
What am I supposed to do with this money?
What am I supposed to do with what you gave me?
What am I supposed to do?
What are some foods commonly eaten in America?
What are some foods you can eat to lower your cholesterol?
What are some foods you shouldn't eat if you are pregnant?
What are some high cholesterol foods that you can easily avoid eating?
What are some of the health benefits of eating fish?
What are some of the most popular foods eaten in Spain?
What are some of your favorite movies?
What are some things you are passionate about?
What are some things you like about your hometown?
What are you doing here so late at night?
What are some of your favorite TV shows?
What brand of shampoo do you use?
What can I do to help you?
What can I do to sound more like a native speaker?
What do horses eat?
What do Japanese students usually eat for lunch?
What do the prisoners eat?
What do they know that we don't?
What do they want us to do?
What do you call your mother?
What do you consider your greatest achievement?
What do you have to complain about?
What do you need me to do?
What do you think the audience wants?
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
What does being a good mother mean to you?
What does everyone do after school?
What does it cost to build a new house in this neighborhood?
What does it feel like to always have people following you around?
What does it feel like to be famous?
What does it mean when a girl winks at you?
What does it take to get a little help?
What does it take to get some service here?
What does money mean to you?
What does seem clear is that we need to spend more money on this project.
What does that even mean?
What does that have to do with me?
What does that mean?
What does this have to do with our current problems?
What does this look like to you?
What does this paragraph mean?
What does USB stand for?
What does what happened last night have to do with what's happening today?
What does your mother call you?
What does your spouse like to do that you don't like to do?
What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
What foods do you avoid eating?
What foods should a diabetic not eat?
What foods, if any, do you avoid eating?
What I don't understand is why the children aren't being allowed to play outside on such a nice day.
What in the world happened?
What insects have you eaten?
What is one food that you could never give up?
What is the best way to learn to speak English like a native speaker?
What is the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
What is your favorite fish to eat?
What is your favorite holiday?
What kind of animals live around here?
What kind of beer do you like to drink?
What kind of changes do you want us to make?
What kind of equipment is installed in the classrooms?
What kind of fool do you think I am?
What kind of house do you live in?
What kind of information are you looking for?
What kind of person would do that kind of thing?
What kind of person would forget to pick their children up after school?
What kind of person would spend so much money on a bicycle?
What kind of person would treat their pet that way?
What kind of question is that? Do you really expect me to answer that?
What kind of threat do terrorists really pose?
What kind of training have you had?
What kind of work do you do?
What really surprised me most was that I was the only one who got fired.
What should I do in a situation like this?
What should I do in this situation?
What should I do with the books on the table?
What should I have done in that situation?
What sort of danger are we in?
What sort of people hang out at a place like this?
What sort of person would do that kind of thing?
What sort of things do you do on weekends?
What surprised me most about that accident is how fast the lawyers arrived on the scene.
What surprised me most was that she didn't like candy.
What surprised me most when I first entered college was how few of my classmates knew how to study efficiently.
What time of year do you usually like to spend time on the beach?
What was that sound?
What we ended up learning was that the meat had been contaminated.
What were you like when you were fifteen?
What will it take to get you to vote for me?
What will losing the war mean to us?
What would you do in a situation like this?
What would you do in that situation?
What would you do in this situation?
What'll you do if you can't find enough food to feed your family?
What're you doing here?
What're you doing today?
What're you getting all excited about?
What's that supposed to mean?
What's the grossest thing you've ever seen eaten in a movie?
What's the most disgusting food you have ever eaten?
What's the worst thing that could happen?
What's wrong with the way we did it?
What's wrong with what we did?
What's wrong with what we were doing?
When did you get here?
When did you learn to drive?
When I got out of jail, I had no intention of committing another crime.
When I got out of jail, I wanted to patch up things with my wife.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I bought was an economy car.
When I got out of jail, the first thing I wanted to do was to eat at my favorite restaurant.
When I got out of prison, I couldn't find a job anywhere near my home since no one would hire an ex-con.
When I got out of prison, my ex-wife and I got remarried.
When I got out of the car, I felt like I had been here before.
When I study a foreign language, I like to study with a native speaker of that language.
When I was growing up, I never imagined that I would become famous.
When I woke up, I found I had been tied up.
When is it OK to tell lies?
When my doctor told me to eat more vegetables, he didn't mean French fries.
When my father went into the hospital, I had to put everything on hold.
When speaking to an international audience, it is perhaps best to speak English a little slower than usual.
When was the last time you ate a burrito?
When was the last time you ate a home-cooked dinner?
When was the last time you ate dinner with your parents?
When was the last time you ate shrimp?
When was the last time you told your wife she was beautiful?
When we are together, I forget all the unhappy times we've had.
When we are together, time seems to stand still.
When we entered the shack, we saw a half-eaten pie on the table.
When we started out designing web pages, we were the only ones doing it in this part of the country.
When we started out in 2008, we wrote down a list of people that we wanted to hire, then went out and hired them.
When we started out in 2009, I was convinced that our store would become one of the best in the city.
When we started out in the summer of 2010, there were only three of us in the band.
When we started out in this business, many people said that we would fail.
When we started out, our band could only find small clubs in small cities that would hire us.
When we started out, there were things we didn't know.
When we started out, we didn't really know what we were doing.
When we started out, we had only 200 dollars between us.
When we started out, we only had six employees.
When we started out, we realized that if we didn't have a good product, we wouldn't succeed.
When we started this business, neither one of us had had any experience.
When you love someone, you'll do anything to make that person happy.
Where did you find such an ugly hat?
Where did you find your key?
Where did you get that piece of wire?
Where did you get those strange-looking shoes?
Where have you been all my life?
Where were you at the time of the murder?
Where were you when the explosion occurred?
Where were you? We've been looking all over for you.
Which foreign language do you think is the easiest for native English speakers to learn?
Which would you rather eat tonight, beef or pork?
Who do you think that man is?
Who do you think the murderer is?
Who do you think would do such a thing?
Who do you think wrote that graffiti on the wall?
Who helped you pay for your college education?
Who in the world do you think you are?
Who would do such a thing?
Why are the police here?
Why did Adam eat the forbidden fruit?
Why did we have to come on this tour? It's really boring.
Why didn't she tell me?
Why do Americans eat turkey on Thanksgiving?
Why do children lie to their parents?
Why do many Catholics eat fish on Fridays?
Why do people not always tell the truth?
Why do people tell lies?
Why do some people burp after they eat?
Why do some people consider it morally wrong to eat meat?
Why don't we fire everyone and hire a group of new people?
Why don't we go ahead and start the meeting?
Why don't we go out and get a little fresh air?
Why don't we go out and get something to eat?
Why don't we go somewhere and get something to drink?
Why don't we have enough food for everyone? I thought you went shopping this afternoon.
Why don't we just reformat the hard disk? You've been having a lot of trouble with it.
Why don't we just sit and rest a while?
Why don't we settle the matter once and for all?
Why don't we sit down and talk about it?
Why don't we talk about something else?
Why don't we think about this for another week or so?
Why don't you just leave?
Why don't you leave me alone?
Why don't you try eating this?
Why is eating too much salt bad for you?
With all your money, you should be able to buy just about anything you want.
With your experience, any company would hire you right away.
With your skills, I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard to find another job.
With your talent, you should be able to make a lot of money.
Without the risk of pain, there can be no happiness and joy.
Would you eat the last cookie on the plate if other people were watching?
Would you ever consider dating your best friend's ex-boyfriend?
Would you ever consider getting a tattoo?
Would you ever eat a cockroach?
Would you ever eat live maggots? What about if I gave you $1,000?
Would you ever go skinny dipping?
Would you like for me to do that for you?
Would you like me to call you a cab?
Would you like to be considered for the job?
Would you like to get married and have children?
Would you like to get together again next weekend?
Would you like to go out and get something to eat?
Would you like to go to the park later this afternoon?
Would you like to hear about what I did last summer?
Would you like to hear the story about Paul Bunyan?
Would you like to know how to prevent getting wrinkles?
Would you like to learn to speak English like a native speaker in two weeks?
Would you like to see some photos of my trip?
Would you like to see your husband grow a beard?
Would you like to see your wife lose a little weight?
Would you like to sit in the front?
Would you like to spend some time together this evening?
Would you like to stay with us next summer vacation?
Would you like to swap jobs?
Would you like to talk to a lawyer?
Would you like to talk to the manager?
Would you like to visit the White House someday?
Would you prefer to go to the zoo or go to a movie?
Would you prefer to speak in English?
Would you rather be blind or be deaf?
Would you rather drink wine with your mother or your father?
Would you rather go fishing or go hunting?
Would you rather have a cup of coffee or a cup of tea?
Would you rather play tennis or golf?
Would you rather read a novel or watch a movie?
Would you rather visit Boston or Chicago?
You are a good customer.
You are not to leave this room without my permission.
You are the kind of guitarist I like to sing with.
You can always use some extra cash.
You can count on me for a one thousand dollar donation.
You can download audio files by native speakers from our website.
You can have the rest of the fries.
You can have the rest of the pie.
You can have the rest.
You can listen to audio files by native speakers on our website.
You can't always get what you want.
You can't do that here.
You can't do that here. In fact, you aren't allowed to do that anywhere.
You can't eat here.
You can't hang out here.
You can't just keep throwing your money away on this kind of thing.
You can't park here. However, there is a parking lot just around the corner.
You can't sleep here.
You don't have to eat it if you don't want to.
You don't have to sound like a native speaker in order to communicate.
You don't have to stop reading just because I'm here.
You don't have to study all day. You should go out and have some fun.
You don't know how to do it, do you?
You don't know what it is, do you?
You don't know what to do next, do you?
You don't need to sound like a native speaker in order to be understood.
You don't need to sound like a native speaker to be understood.
You have no idea how important this job is to me.
You have no idea how important you are to me.
You have no idea how tired I am of all this complaining.
You have probably never heard of me, but I'm famous back home.
You have to answer all of these questions.
You have to pay taxes.
You know that your English is good when people stop complimenting you on how good your English is.
You look amazing.
You look beautiful.
You look European.
You look exhausted.
You look fantastic.
You look funny doing that.
You look hot today.
You look Japanese.
You look like you're about to cry.
You look like you're in pain.
You look like you're really tired.
You look like you've just lost your best friend.
You look so good that I could kiss you right now.
You look upset.
You look wonderful tonight.
You may not be in the mood to hear this now, but I need to tell you something important.
You may not learn to speak as well as a native speaker, but you should be able to speak well enough that native speakers will understand what you have to say.
You may stay here for the night, but you'll have to leave in the morning.
You might as well just enjoy life.
You might want to come over and play poker with me and my friends next Friday evening.
You might want to try going on a diet.
You might want to try studying in the library.
You might want to try working out a bit.
You need to eat vegetables every day.
You never can tell what kind of job you might find.
You never can tell what some people might buy.
You never can tell what will happen.
You never can tell what you might find at that store.
You never know when this might come in handy.
You only really need to sound exactly like a native speaker if you want to become a spy.
You probably eat genetically modified fruits and vegetables all the time without knowing it.
You probably haven't yet finished your homework.
You probably think this song is a little too slow.
You probably think you know how to do this, but let me explain it once more.
You promised me that you would make something for us to eat.
You really do play tap dance quite well.
You really do play the marimba quite well.
You really do speak English quite well.
You say you want to go to Boston? Why in the world would you want to go there?
You should always wear a seat belt when you are riding in a car.
You should avoid binge eating.
You should avoid tight fitting clothes if you are pregnant.
You should cut down on the amount of fattening food that you eat.
You should keep your windshield clean.
You should make sure your children are eating enough.
You should obey all traffic laws.
You should wash fruit before you eat it.
You shouldn't always do what everyone else seems to be doing.
You shouldn't always follow the crowd.
You shouldn't drink and drive.
You shouldn't eat any fish that come from this river.
You shouldn't eat garlic before going out on a date.
You shouldn't eat raw snails.
You shouldn't get near my dog while he's eating.
You shouldn't go around telling lies about people.
You shouldn't have gone there by yourself.
You shouldn't let your girlfriend borrow your iPhone.
You shouldn't share too much private information on the social networks.
You sure have a beautiful garden!
You sure have a lot of MP3 files!
You sure have a lot of nerve!
You sure have a nice singing voice!
You would look stupid wearing your mother's dress.
You'd be better off without me.
You'll be dead someday.
You'll get plenty of chances to meet girls when you go to college.
You're a really good cook.
You're a really good guitarist.
You're a very good dancer.
You're a very good guitarist.
You're a very interesting person.
You're going to have to deal with that.
You're home early, aren't you?
You're probably tired after such a long flight.
You're really a good cook.
You're really a good driver.
You're really a good photographer.
You're really a good singer.
You're the most incredible person I've ever met.
You're the one I've been dreaming of.
You're the one I've been waiting for.
You're the one I've been wanting to meet.
You're the only person I can trust.
You're the only person I know besides me who is actually interested in this kind of thing.
You're the only person I know besides me who likes medieval music.
You're the only person I know besides me who likes to do that.
You're the only person I know besides me who really understands this problem.
You're the only person I know besides me who would prefer to live in a tent.
You're the only person I know besides myself who doesn't like watching baseball.
You're the only person I know here in Boston.
You're the only person I know in Boston.
You're the only person I know that doesn't like bananas.
You're the only person I know that has ever visited Boston.
You're the only person I know that likes getting up early in the morning.
You're the only person I know that never complains about the food here.
You're the only person I know that owns a gun.
You're the only person I know who can help me.
You're the only person I know who can probably answer this question.
You're the only person I know who doesn't knock before entering my office.
You're the only person I know who doesn't take some kind of medicine at least once a week.
You're the only person I know who has a sports car.
You're the only person I know who is my age.
You're the only person I know who is qualified for this job.
You're the only person I know who regularly gets my name wrong.
You're the only person who ever calls me after 10:00 p.m.
You're the only person who ever comes to visit me.
You're the only person who shows me any respect.
Your English is grammatically correct, but sometimes what you say just doesn't sound like what a native speaker would say.
Hey, Ayako! Please speak louder.
Hey, Ayako! Please speak more loudly.
Hey, Ayako. Please speak up.
I am not the least bit happy with this e-book revolution.
He said that he didn't know.
He said that he doesn't know.
Is it going to snow tonight?
I've always thought that a heart attack was nature's way of telling you that it was time to die.
I'm proud of working with you.
She's too young to get married.
Nothing's impossible for God.
He lives in a small town by Osaka.
She told me about the evils of stealing.
We've got two cats - one is white, and the other's black.
Whatcha making?
This is a post office, and that's a bank.
I overslept because I woke up late.
I'm planning to buy a mobile phone tomorrow.
There's no need to cry like a baby.
Trust me.
I'm taking a book.
I'm taking the book.
I see the Mr. and the Mrs.
The gentleman was standing in front of the bank.
The book's white.
How many barbers work in this barbershop?
How many hats do you own?
He didn't pay attention to what she said.
Everything that lives will die sometime.
The beautiful, black-haired girl was in the park.
I need to get one.
I need to buy one.
I calmed down upon finding out that the operation was successful.
You're not a child anymore.
Don't understand a thing.
What was your mother doing when you came home?
It's very difficult to translate this word.
It was cold and we got a fire going.
He's no doctor.
Is that love?
He's not tall, but strong.
The missing child was found in two days' time.
The plants suffered damage from the frost.
This is a crazy house.
I sent it out yesterday, and so you should get it tomorrow.
This is my house.
Tomorrow's a holiday.
My friend seems serious to me.
What'd you get up to this week?
What did you do this week?
Each wood has its smoke.
"Human stupidity is endless", I say, and for this self-criticism, I consider myself an exception.
Nowadays, the fourteenth century's debate about the Eucharist sounds completely arcane.
Long before Darwin's theory of evolution, Buffon had surmised that species evolved very slowly under different material circumstances.
In Hawaii, we can enjoy swimming in the ocean all year round.
Get down a peg or two!
Where can I find a telephone box?
Hello, could you tell me where a telephone box is?
The three hyenas sat in a circle, reasoning with one another.
I just bought an extremely expensive cabin boat.
Australia is smaller in size than South America.
The dress I like most is the black one.
Welcome to Tatoeba, tequila, sex and marijuana.
A sneeze leaves your body at forty miles an hour.
Elvis Presley is alive!
New technologies are being developed that will be able to control how genes express themselves.
The man is naked.
After a while, corn flakes in milk will become soggy.
The anthropologist is piecing together pottery shards she unearthed at the excavation site.
He wants to kiss her.
Nothing in the world is stronger than the will to survive.
"We think Justin Bieber is a beautiful female singer.", haters said.
I can't fly.
I found a very nice place today.
We love picnics.
We really like picnics a lot.
Nobody does it better.
She died at the age of 54.
Where do all of you live?
Nobody is too old to learn new things.
I got what you mean.
I'm 25 years old.
This watch needs to be repaired.
This watch needs to be fixed.
This watch needs to be repaired. It gains 20 minutes a day.
This watch needs to be fixed. It gains 20 minutes a day.
Did that accident really happen last year?
I've nothing to fear from someone as pigeon-livered as him.
The madness has yet to begin.
This is hard.
It's really stressful.
Don't worry. I'll take care of it.
In my opinion, Esperanto is very difficult.
Thanks God, Apple is dumping that Flash crap!
The Icelandic government works on its own and doesn't care about the people.
3 Malay nationals and a Filipino were killed in the Davao bombing on Mindanao.
The new version of Tatoeba will allow linking people, and even editing them!
Researchers at the university of Paderborn have established that it took up to 2000 hours of English learning for a French speaker to speak English correctly. Given that there are 32 weeks of classes in a year and with 3 hours of lessons every week, 20.83 years of study are thus necessary for a French person to speak good English.
Don't act like a prat with me.
My mother from Malaysia thinks that those three horses are so-so.
Have you ever been to the end of the world?
This girl has a pretty face. My heart melts from looking at it.
The Russo-Turkish wars span about four centuries of history, conflicts and diplomatic setbacks.
The most experienced pilots have logged many thousands of hours in the cockpit.
No expense was spared in the construction of the Smith's dream home.
The soldiers advanced on the enemy's position under cover of darkness.
How is that question germane to what we're discussing?
My older sister was grounded for coming home too late last night.
My uncle's blog posts about his travels in Thailand have piqued my interest in Asian culture.
In this next slide we see an aerial shot of the company headquarters.
The cops like the victim's boyfriend for the murder.
I was flabbergasted to hear that she died of a drug overdose. She always seemed like such a straight arrow to me.
Adobe and Apple both have top-notch video editing programs.
For the intelligent, a hint is sufficient.
In any case, it's too late.
He's two years my junior.
He's two years younger than I.
Water will freeze at zero Celsius, right?
She likes to go for solitary walks.
She likes to go for walks alone.
He made it to the classes on time.
Any one of you want to come here and redo what I did?
The police didn't find anyone's traces.
The cops didn't find anyone's traces.
Do you prefer the apple or the pear?
In the year 1945 the atom bomb was dropped on Hiroshima.
We're talking about a contagious disease.
He's definitely somebody clever.
The meeting will be held annually.
I'm getting thinner.
He swore to quit smoking.
Play me some Chopin.
I was born in Osaka in the year 1977.
I want to hike up this mountain.
She needs this.
Life's short.
I'm sorry, but where are the eggs?
He gave me a sign to keep quiet.
He dozed off under the tree.
He fell asleep under the tree.
We've got plenty of time.
Do you like San Fran?
My dad owns a lot of books.
His car is the latest model.
I've got enough money for a car.
Won't you tell me what time it is?
I wasn't feeling very well.
That's simple.
This is simple.
Everyone who knows him respects him.
Fate errs not in judgment.
I'm drunk.
In that case, we've got a problem...
And don't deny yourself anything.
He fell into a deep slumber.
Playing cards is interesting.
I like swimming in the sea.
I like going swimming in the sea.
I like to go swimming in the sea.
I'm not an early bird.
Did you know that John's father died of a heart attack?
She's beautiful regardless what she wears.
Dust off the shelf.
Lucy called already?
Has Lucy called yet?
Where's the nearest metro station?
Where's the closest metro station?
When I got back, I found my car missing.
We're suffering from an unbearable heat wave for the second week straight.
The section chief accepted the offer.
What should we cook?
You're in my way!
I wouldn't have done that in your place.
I wouldn't have done that if I were you.
One wonders how it's possible.
Well, look at that!
Poverty is the mother of all vices.
All kinds of food and drink are delicious and good for you, but you have to know when, where, and in what quantity.
It's so pointless to ask for something that you yourself can get!
The mind always loves to tack on to something, and when it doesn't have anything good for that purpose, it turns to the evil.
A woman is capable of failing to notice the hundred things that you've done her, and to address only the one that you haven't.
Rumors of defeat were circulating.
I've got a plastic glass.
I've got a plastic cup.
I love the great outdoors.
I've got a few friends.
She resides in New York.
I didn't want that to happen.
I didn't want that.
That's why: what's allowed is allowed, what's forbidden is forbidden, what's impossible is impossible, and what's possible is that which is allowed.
Yes, I'm in a hurry.
Yes, I'm in a rush.
Are you in a rush?
The meaning of life for most people fits into three letters: ESS - eat, shit, sleep.
There are so many people in the world who are incapable of outgrowing the level of their stomach!
That which the Russians can only laugh at, the Europeans can take seriously.
I guess that tomorrow I'll be completely bald.
You shouldn't have paid with that account.
Atua is the god for many in Oceania.
Life worked out.
I let him spend the night in my house.
I love studying history.
It was hot in the room.
Do you have a Japanese journal?
Gold's heavier than iron.
Does your head hurt?
Fear nothing.
I listen to the radio while in transit.
Do the Germans have any other concerns in life apart from consumerism?
Who's that boy swimming over there?
I forced him to carry the suitcase.
I usually prefer to pay with credit card and not with cash.
Where could I find someone to help me?
Is there any place that could help me even slightly?
That woman's got two bags.
"Please, sit down," he said.
I apologize for having to leave.
I lost track of the conversation.
There aren't any chairs in this room.
The tickets for the concert are on sale here.
I turned down the idea of going for a walk and stayed at home.
Something happened to my right eye.
The town where I was born is beautiful.
How are you going to solve this problem?
It's because of you that I'm an invalid.
Tom knows how to operate practically any mode of transportation.
Yesterday I saw him walking through the city.
You need to follow me.
This suit's too thin for me.
Which train are you going to take?
Which train goes to the center of town?
Which train is going to the city center?
When will her marriage ceremony be held?
When are you going to finish this?
Maybe you're right, after all.
Tom, having worked all day, wanted to take a rest.
Many people of Slavic origin have names ending with -sky.
He betrayed his friends for money.
The farmer ploughed his field all day.
I don't speak Spanish.
She made her husband an apple pie.
She baked her husband an apple pie.
In Massachusetts, a man is not allowed to marry his wife's grandmother.
Last night was very hot and muggy and it was difficult to sleep.
Last night was very hot and muggy and I didn't sleep very well.
Last night was very hot and muggy, so I didn't sleep so well.
You can run, but you can't hide.
In 1683, the Turks besieged Vienne for the second time.
She is on death row.
I wonder whether a man could live with only two hours' sleep a night.
Tom has been on death row for three years.
Tom is one of the more than 3,000 inmates on death row.
There are pretty shutters on either side of the front windows.
Please correct the errors.
Just because you didn't know about it doesn't mean it didn't happen.
Just because you didn't know about it doesn't mean it is a lie.
France is a vibrant democracy.
She was poor, but she was honest.
The policeman fined him.
Forty euros for a scarf? You don't have anything cheaper?
These prices are outrageous!
You know a few things about your family?
It is possible for us to know what has been achieved in the past, but it is not possible for us to change it. And it is possible for us to change the future, but it is not possible for us to know what will be achieved in it.
At what time do you exit from the office?
Could you show me that?
I want to say something to you.
He tried to conceal his ineptitude in a not-so-deft sleight of hand.
No one could deny this.
I have lost my watch, so now I have to buy another one.
I don't like to see you shouting at her face.
On which bed would you like to sleep?
Have you tried to play baseball before?
Do you prevent me from smoking here?
I want to know.
I believe what you said is true.
Maybe what you said is true.
I want to know your opinion.
The horse stopped and refused to move.
I want to go to Japan.
Remember this!
To raise one's name in later generations and thereby glorify one's parents, this is the greatest expression of filial piety.
Keep this in your mind!
"The French language flows." "Yes, like diarrhea flows."
Creating Tatoeba was a good idea.
It was a good idea to create Tatoeba.
I didn't think I'd meet you here.
Won't you come to the party tomorrow?
Aren't you coming to the party tomorrow?
I'm studying French and web design.
We're studying French and web design.
He's studying French and web design.
She's studying French and web design.
They're studying French and web design.
No one likes war.
John is at the airport.
I phone Thomas.
Let's meet on Tuesday.
How much is it per box?
Write the address and the home phone number.
Andrew meets Linda at school.
I gave the milk to the cat.
I sent this letter to grandfather.
Only Naoko drinks coffee.
Eve drinks only coffee.
I only study in the library.
I'll watch TV at home or something.
Lets play video games or something.
About how many hours does it take by car?
I can't drink coffee.
I want to learn Korean.
My apartment is quiet and clean.
The computer is in the library.
It's got cold.
Yumi keeps getting better at Korean.
You had a good weekend, didn't you?
Friends come back to the library to study.
You understand Korean, don't you?
The weather got cold.
My hair is getting long.
Canada is really big and there are lots of people.
I feel stuffy.
Most would acknowledge that he was a sparkling young man.
He's a real stud.
It's way too hot inside...
Should you go to Scotland, would you please bring me back a wild haggis? Thank you.
He sought serenity, closeted in study, remote from the wear and tear of the world.
Translating this sentence will be very easy.
Translating this text will be very easy.
I want to meet the teacher.
I want to eat Korean food.
What kind of movie do you want to watch?
What do you want to eat this weekend?
Does Jenny want to go home?
Does John want to see a Korean movie?
His post is merely a huge con.
I wanted to read a book.
I wanted to go to China.
Finally, we arrived in England.
Zip up!
Button it!
Shut your gob!
Peter wanted to become a doctor.
Get stuffed!
Thomas is watching a movie.
Jessica was singing a song.
The professor is making a phone call.
Mom is making a cake.
I will probably get up early tomorrow.
I wonder what I should make for dinner.
The roof lets in rain.
Which university do you think Ted will go to?
You can't pay too much for good shoes.
I wouldn't like being a judge.
I wouldn't want to be a judge.
Truth is pure, but truth is painful. No sane, selfish person would ever accept things for what they are. Such is the masochism inherent in "truth".
This is a very, very rare problem.
Because of that virus, many elephants lost their lives.
It was hot in every sense of the word.
Is she your only daughter?
It's a misunderstanding.
Is everything ready?
These are not your forks.
Manuela's dresses are very elegant.
Manuela's clothes are very stylish.
These chairs are not comfortable.
A rising tide raises all boats.
Haven't you seen the doctor?
He made up his mind quickly.
He made up his mind right away.
I demand that he leave at once.
There's something rotten in the state of Denmark.
I take that as a compliment.
This girl I wouldn't take to the altar, at best to the hotel...
He's born from a Jewish mother and a Muslim father; this helped him much to develop a kind of openmindedness.
The butcher cut up the calf's carcass.
Put on your skates, I just waxed the woodfloor.
When I opened the door, I found her naked, stretched on the sofa.
I'm thinking of learning Korean next semester.
I'm also thinking of going to Korea.
I'm thinking of having dinner at 5.
Maybe he will arrive tonight.
God doesn't play dice with the universe.
Let's unfold the map on the table and discuss it.
Today is a good day to die.
I will accept your decision, whatever it will be.
Give me a metal bucket with oil.
He had a son named Qian.
You must learn from your own mistakes.
Please do not write in this library book.
Suni is playing.
The mountain is green.
In the style of conceited people, he lards his sentences with ill-digested English words. A kind of failed dandy, deprived of class.
She hung her head low in shame.
A book fell from the shelf and landed squarely on its face.
Do you feel up for a game of chess?
I just found out that my boyfriend has been stepping out on me.
He's got a rap sheet as long as my arm.
A judge will issue a search warrant only if there is probable cause.
Any murder is gruesome but this one was especially heinous.
The spinning top skidded across the floor.
Tickle her nose with a feather while she's sleeping and see if she wakes up.
Flip to the back of the book for the index.
iTunes has turned out to be a real cash cow for Apple.
Someone should notify the next of kin.
My grandfather taught me the good habit of squirreling away money for a rainy day.
If you get bit by a rabid dog, you'll need a tetanus shot.
The car's antenna is built into the windshield.
Black smoke spewed out of the third-story windows.
I didn't have to open the letter. I knew exactly what it said.
You can't fire me because I quit!
How often do you see your godparents?
Dilma Rousseff is the current President of Brazil.
Calina needs to go back to the doctor next week. And while I'm on the subject, don't forget to pick up her prescription on your way home from work.
You shouldn't laugh at his mistakes.
Let's just begin.
There are many more yuan millionaires in the world than euro millionaires.
I was late for the meeting because of a traffic jam.
My uncles live in London.
Which is the most difficult language in the world?
Swahili is written using the Roman writing system.
Which writing system is the most difficult in the world?
Do you think that e-book is going to replace paper one?
What's the name of the highest mountain in that country?
Extreme is my decay.
The defenders checked the onslaught by the attackers.
In two moves, Kasparov will check the challenger.
The rough terrain checked the progress of the hikers.
Try to check the flow of water by turning the valve.
The boxer needs to check his aggression.
Check the enemy's progress before they reach the town.
The chess player put his opponent in check.
I live to eat, and I don't eat to live.
Each human being is an individual.
Next time you'll pay for it!
You've been the best dog one could desire!
Please contact me by mail.
Professor Brown explains things very well.
This seasoning has a bitter taste.
Nothing new on the Western Front.
Does she have a dog? No.
It's surprising that you haven't heard anything about her wedding.
She has a very beautiful laugh.
She's not confident about the future.
Do whatever it is that he tells you to do.
The affair ends well.
The heavens do not err.
Call me if you find something.
The people who reside here are our friends.
This word doesn't translate very well.
Ken leaped over the wall.
Ken leapt over the wall.
Speaking English isn't easy, but interesting.
I've got a pair of sunglasses.
She's not a good person.
The stories that circulated about the old graveyard were contradictory, but nevertheless made your heart freeze.
I prefer black- and red-colored clothes.
This is the fastest car in our showroom.
Where's the nearest museum at?
Please wake me up at six tomorrow.
Don't drink too much, okay?
There were rumors about a misfortune.
He doesn't look well. Probably drank too much last night.
A samurai without a sword is like a samurai with one, but only without one.
His salary is too low to support his family on.
The prefectural police is trying to find out what conflict took place between the father and daughter following the family dinner.
I got this dress for pretty cheap.
Yesterday I was ill.
The reduction of subsidies to the Cultural Heritage sector requires the adoption of a new paradigm.
After death my soul turns into nothing.
I'm waiting for him to get back.
What's John doing right now?
Let's have a look.
He who looks for excuses doesn't have any chances for success.
Give me food for thought, and I will find food for my stomach!
Her old cat is still alive.
I have a hunch boracasli is using a second account.
You're not a serious mathematician unless you crumple up a piece of paper in frustration every twenty minutes, look off into space, and appear to be questioning your very existence.
Stop stalling and do what I told you.
He is the spitting image of his father.
There comes the train.
The file has been sent.
The file is corrupt.
Her remark got on my nerves.
Don't let children play in the road.
If you create sentences in Turkish and Estonian on Tatoeba, there's a large chance that you're boracasli.
Don't waste your youth, otherwise you'll regret it later.
In 1683, the Turks besieged Vienna for the second time.
You must prepare yourself for the worst.
Is she the lady who was dressed in blue?
"I've never thought about this," said the man. "What should we do?"
It makes things easier if your matrix is sparse.
The best way to predict the future is to create it yourself.
Let's get one thing straight. You and I are not friends. We're allies against a common enemy.
I'm looking for an easy-to-read manga with furigana.
I think that it's you.
You drive me nuts!
What is Aaronic Priesthood?
If God is with us, then who is against us?
Love conquers all.
Friends, Romans, countrymen, lend me your ears; I come to bury Caesar, not to praise him.
I swim almost every day.
Please come this way.
Take it, please.
In the tenth century, the city of Shiraz already held a library that reputedly featured a copy of every known book at the time.
What are you pointing at?
The house was surrounded by fields.
He wore a pullover sweater to keep from getting cold.
I have the key of Paradise.
Excessive work saps your strength, you need to rest for a bit.
This is not a fair act.
When did it end?
How many letters are there in the English alphabet?
This soup needs a bit more salt.
"You hit me out of hate." "No, I hit you out of love," answered the girl.
I'd like to meet with her.
She's concerned about your safety.
She's worried about your safety.
She's worrying for your safety.
Where are the book and pencil? The book's on the table, and the pencil's on the windowsill.
This book's new.
All the old journals have been sold.
All the old magazines have been sold.
All the old magazines are sold out.
I love both cats and dogs.
Are you studying or are you working?
I am not understanding what the author is trying to say.
She's rich but miserable.
The pain was unbearable.
Tomorrow is another day, but it won't be here until tomorrow!
I'll support him.
He had the gall to ignore my advice.
He dared ignore my advice.
When you start to look like the photo in your passport, it's time to go on vacation.
There was a heavy rain yesterday.
It rained heavily yesterday.
As soon as I got home, I went to bed.
Upon getting home, I went straight to bed.
I'm so tired!
I'm so worn out!
My father left me a large inheritance.
They are happy with your plan and for you to proceed with writing your material.
If we pool our resources, it'll be that much easier to solve the problem.
It's been hundreds of years since just one person could grasp the whole of scientific knowledge.
If you scale the image up it might pixelate.
Pushing that button will make the object pivot around the y axis.
A trust fund has been set up for each of the children.
Prices are going to rise still further.
I'm halfway through this crime novel.
Barry Taylor's name was put forward for the position of president.
Your hypothesis is completely unrealistic.
There are lots of theories about the origins of language, but, in fact, no one really knows.
Can you recommend a good dictionary?
I guess right nine times out of ten.
Ankara wasn't built in a day.
That's true, too.
I'd like Quim Monzo to autograph my book, but I'm too ashamed to ask him.
What did you get hit with?
What did they hit you with?
You need a lot of water.
She was busy with the housework.
I would like it if we could spend more time together.
"Here's the Robert's reply." "You mean Robert's?" "No, it's the Robert. There's only one."
Burn this letter after you finish reading it.
You see that chick over there? I got a boner just from looking at her.
She's always grumbling.
They are great friends.
Tell them that someone was asking for them here.
We spent the whole evening talking to them.
Have you seen our museums? What do you think about them?
Have you seen their new apartment?
This is not our car, it is theirs.
That house is the place where I was born.
Could someone please comment on this sentence?
No one should be a judge in his own cause.
I cross the railroad tracks every morning.
He crosses the railroad tracks every morning.
We cross the railroad tracks every morning.
Petals flying in the wind.
Trying to teach a fool is like providing medical treatment for a dead man.
He is a hero.
Oh how warm the water in the sea is!
Fred took a liking to Jane and they started seeing each other.
I'm not home on Sundays.
Football - my favorite sport.
The wind ripped the roof off our building.
I don't understand what the author is trying to say.
Come back home.
I'm tired of making the best of things.
Great boast and small roast.
Are we nearly there yet?
Through freeing thought from its object, Descartes enabled the viewing of the latter in only mechanical terms, reopening the way to science, suffocated for more than fifteen centuries under religious nonsense.
That guy is a real weather vane: he constantly changes his mind.
Time and space are one body, mind and things sustain each other.
First France, then Iraq.
It's easy, maybe even feasible.
I switched to Google Chrome and it worked.
I would never have found as short an explanation.
He suggested that we take a short rest.
This bike belongs to my little brother.
Do you have a moment?
This CD belongs to my son.
She was wearing a strange hat.
Ignorance does not protect against punishment.
I could not come to your birthday party.
She profited from her stay in London and considerably improved her English.
Mr. Smith lived in Kyoto for three years.
During the summer, I will go to France.
Dick passed me the photo.
Julius Caesar, this great Roman hero, was assassinated.
He is truly sick.
He's had many unhappy experiences.
I used to drink a lot of cola, but now I drink only water.
Your father's friends aren't his only supporters.
I am extremely confused by this. If this is what we call 'the Way of Heaven', then is it right or is it wrong?
Do you read something besides the Bible?
Books have a fate of their own.
Love is blind, but jealousy can see even nonexistent things.
One's point of view depends on the point where one sits.
Are nations the last stage of evolution in human society?
This file has been compressed.
A TXT file is a text file.
A WMV file is a video file.
An MP3 file is an audio file.
I can't open SWF files.
I have nothing to lose.
I won't lose anything.
The question of free will is a prickly conundrum to religion.
What have I done?
The US judicial system and press are incredible: One day you're a poor examplary housewife, victim of a rape, the next, you're an illegal immigrant, having committed perjury and being suspected of whitewashing drug money.
Let's make it three o'clock.
Christopher Columbus once engaged in a debate with the Divine Celt. It would become the only contest that Columbus ever lost.
During the US presidential election of 2004, the candidate John Kerry had to hide that he spoke French.
It's not what is beautiful that is expensive, but what is expensive that is beautiful.
It's good to be able to concentrate single-mindedly on one's work. But one becomes completely forgetful of the people around oneself.
My best friend dances really well.
You can't see the forest behind the trees.
Tell them that there was someone here looking for them.
You think that it will work?
You think that it will do work?
The rescuers searched the surroundings in hopes of finding the child.
I love music, particularly classical.
The Moon is the Earth's only satellite.
The country code for Italy is +39.
I dare say that he's right.
I think that it's going to rain soon.
Haven't I already told you about this before?
If you're going to act like an idiot, then you're going to be treated as one.
How many students are there in your university?
I forgot about that.
After my childhood, I was never sick again.
The way she talks gets on my nerves.
The anticipation is always worse than the calamity.
Stop pretending to not understand.
He became friends with her while in the U.S.
He met her while in the U.S.
May all of your wishes come true!
Mr. Smith lived in Kyoto three years ago.
I've got two brothers and a sister.
Do you get the impression that all of our politicians are too old?
Don't you think that all our politicians are too old?
I didn't say my last word!
No, I'm not suffering from asthma. I'm moaning in lust!
Our milk speaks Piedmontese.
Scotland's anthem is called "The Flower of Scotland".
Scotland has set itself on a course to obtain independence from London.
The current national anthem of Georgia was accepted in 2004, when Saakashvili came to power.
Afghanistan and Iran both changed their national anthems several times in the course of the 20th century.
The text of the national anthem of Canada was first written in French.
How do you usually speak in your family?
That's the law.
This is a law.
Yesterday, I bought a book.
The dog bit my hand.
Lojbanistan is on the border with Esperantujo.
My father's in the garden.
Do you need keys?
Nonsense.
We are equal in the eyes of the law.
He tried, in vain, to borrow a large sum of money from them.
I'm the oldest of the students in my class.
Each opportunity to hate the French and to let them know is good to seize. If additionally you can take one for a ride, it's even better!
Tom is not as young as I am.
I made him carry the briefcase.
You might be right.
I'd like to get information regarding a number of questions.
He is like a frog in a well.
Are you happy now?
We slowly putrefy.
Droplets are falling on my laptop computer.
What happened on that memorable day?
The train station will be closed from tomorrow.
Do you think that Steve Jobs would have been as successful as he has been if his last name were "Joobs" instead?
She's not from here. She was born out of country.
A person's way of looking at something depends on his situation.
How one views something depends on one's situation.
Your way of looking at something depends on your situation.
Thousands of dead fish have been found floating in the lake.
"Mein Kampf" is a book by Adolf Hitler.
All you have to do is push this red button.
We should never judge people by their appearance.
They met at the estate of the shogun's retainer to play a game of cards.
In January of that year, we saw snow for four days, from the fourteenth to the seventeenth.
The theory of games shows that what we name "moral principles" are no other than the strategy elements enabling the group to optimise its survival. Men like to dress their eagerness under the guise of charity.
If your parents like your job, then it's shit.
Throw the shovel!
You are so sweet!
I like the Brazilian climate.
My father's a doctor.
One's new. The other's old.
You're going to be my son-in-law.
The children on the beach are building a sand castle.
Some came by bus, and the others - by train.
Senor Smith was announced as the new president.
Vacation's already over.
I never said that!
Would you mind speaking a little louder?
He's standing before the door.
He's standing in front of the door.
I'll bring you happiness.
Do not cross the road when the green man is flashing.
Please call a taxi for this lady.
She's not from here. She was born abroad.
I turned my steering wheel to the right.
When will your train arrive in Kyoto?
What class do you have first period?
I had bad results this year.
I handed him a map.
Time is like a river; it does not return to its source.
The conquered are always wrong. History considers nothing but their defeat.
So, you want her back now?
From a lexical point of view, Esperanto appears as an Indo-European language, but structurally it is an isolating language, likewise Chinese.
We have always been friends.
Life itself is the tomb where I'm turning over.
If you were to ask your banker where he invests his money, you would also have to ask your dentist to open his mouth so you could examine his teeth.
The rain is letting up.
She believes in the stork.
Condillac, with sensationalism, revolutionised the concept of mind, making language and gesture prior to ideas, shattering Locke's conception of language as a mere passive medium.
I write daily in my diary.
Life is the grave in which I'm turning.
Writing is a deeper sleep than death.
He was given the benefit of the doubt.
I never saw so big a whale.
I've never seen such a large whale.
I've never seen a whale that big.
He's Mr. Brown, the chairman of the committee.
I don't know for certain when he'll come back.
I'm not sure when he'll come back.
I don't know when he'll come, but when he does, he'll do his best.
My nose is really big, and it's crooked as well.
If Kyosuke comes to visit, tell him I'm not in. I don't want to see him anymore.
Please just leave me alone.
That station will be retired as of tomorrow.
He proposed that we take a small break.
Let's start the party when he comes.
When he came, I was writing a letter.
Dick tried in vain to solve that problem.
I can't go until he comes.
Until he comes, I can't go.
May I have a moment of your time?
You are my eye candy.
You are a feast for my eyes.
This drink's flavor is obviously that of tea.
This drink clearly has the same flavor as tea.
His fart smelled.
Of course he was familiar with jazz.
This problem is only of secondary importance.
I am learning Japanese.
It looks like it will start pouring any second now. Better take an umbrella.
He's at the office.
So, I didn't call for any particular reason; I just wanted to hear your voice. If you're busy, I'll let you go.
I'm learning Basque.
I'm teaching Basque.
If you understand, then do it properly.
I love me some chocolate.
He was getting increasingly anxious.
My canker hurts, so I can't really eat.
Cutting a cake into equal pieces is rather difficult.
Oh, thanks! How thoughtful.
I have no idea what that guy is thinking.
Besides, do we marvel at Naples?
What will we become?
It's not right for you to do something bad just because someone else has done something bad.
Where's the loo?
It's better to go senile while you're still young. It'll save you the trouble of having to do it later.
Tomorrow, I will ask him.
Stop carping!
Stop kvetching!
Her face turned pale.
It's probably OK.
When can we see each other again?
I like to use frameworks when I program because they save me time on repetitive tasks.
He would be a very sad man, seeing his dream come to naught.
The lost boy was identified by his clothes.
The boy who had been missing was identified by his clothes.
The identity of the boy who had been missing was verified by the clothes he was wearing.
We have to make savings.
Please don't be so surprised that I'm speaking this language and listen to the content of what I'm actually saying.
Did you know that July 6 is the International Kissing Day?
They do not preach by name or designation.
Suddenly, I saw a beautiful bird.
What makes the classics both intriguing and fascinating is that they're near enough that we can feel the similarity and they're distant enough that we have to do some work to bridge the gap.
You should be able to read this book easily.
What did you say yesterday?
It's obvious that he's wrong.
It's obvious he's wrong.
Tom has lived in Boston for more than a year.
Tom plans to live in Boston for more than a year.
It's been more than a year since Tom has visited Boston.
I think it'll take more than a year to finish building our house.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for more than a year.
Tom hopes he doesn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston for more than a year.
Tom was glad he didn't have to live in Boston for more than a year.
This is not a cat. This is a dog.
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change.
I'll keep it in mind.
Genius is infinite patience.
The search for "river" returns a warning that the search is illegal on Chinese Internet these days.
Today the bus drivers are striking.
The bus drivers are going on strike today.
What don't you know?!
French is too hard, I don't want to learn it.
She is upset.
The monkey, having thrown coconuts at all of the animals as a means of amusement, could not understand why he was suddenly being chased out of the jungle.
My bicycle has a punctured tire.
I trust Ken.
I rely on Ken.
I have confidence in Ken.
Everyone in Cuba likes it.
His crime deserves the death penalty.
How quickly does the bird fly?
The bird flies amazingly quickly.
He saw the bird in the tree.
Your dog was born this year.
Which year was your dog born?
We have enough money to buy this CD.
He doesn't come to work because he's ill.
It's well-known that spiders are not insects.
Do you sell this type of wallets?
Your willing is always affected by the objective conditions, as when you want to show your filial piety to your parents but they are already gone.
Can you please tell me where the nearest church is?
Talented people work for who appreciates his talent, while beauty make-up for who likes her appearance.
This phrase will be translated.
People who talks for expressing his idea, who write books for taking down the significant words. So talking is for expressing ones idea, and writing books is for taking down what people said.
The best way of behavior is to do steadily and peacefully like water.
Don't let others do what you yourself don't like.
1 kilo of tomato sauce equals to 2 kilos of tomato.
The road here slopes up slightly.
The road here elevates slightly.
What's waiting on us?
Nobody appreciated his sacrifice.
He held her close.
This person sold his soul to the devil.
Maybe she knows the answer.
Can this news be true?
He who starts ten tasks won't finish a single one.
This can't be true.
Not on my desk!
Anyone knows this travel agency?
I never expected such a nice hotel in a place like this.
I never expected to find such a nice hotel in a place like this.
My family is not all that large.
My family is not that large.
My family isn't such a big family.
He is nice to me.
He is friendly to me.
She knows ten times more English words than me.
It's a question of life or death.
Some of them have committed suicide.
Ah if only we had just problems with the raising of lambs!
And thus the lion fell in love with the ewe.
The document grants full powers to Manuela.
I would love to come with you all, but I don't have any money.
This chapter is the heart of the novel.
Will you come with me to the concert?
I'm at the main lecture hall right now. Udo's already here as well.
This car is fully loaded.
Did you bring a hair dryer?
Don't be so narrow-minded!
They would have got a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank.
I need someone to talk to.
Tell me when to begin.
His youngest son is five years old.
Ideas are not responsible for what men do of them.
Who has come?
Who's this oddball?
It is still too early.
I'd rather die than betray my friends!
He is a kind person.
The blue roses are very beautiful.
He stood agape for a moment in front of the painting, surprised at its realism.
I want to know how he planned this.
Why he can't get the point?
If somebody is in trouble, many ones will do harm to him.
I hope that the jet lag isn't going to disturb my sleep schedule too much.
She's my godmother.
I'm going with you to Hanover.
Even my grandma can send a text.
I am compelled to do it.
That cat is brown.
Do you like strawberries?
Are you alright?
She's not from here. She was born in another country.
We shouldn't judge people by how they look.
We shouldn't judge people based on their appearance.
You shouldn't judge others on how they look.
French is too hard, so I don't think I want to learn it.
It's a well-known fact that spiders aren't insects.
Could you please tell me where the nearest church is?
Don't write in library books.
You shouldn't write in library books.
Zucchinis are green.
Wow, this brings back memories. This is a picture of when I was five years old.
Automobile transmissions have grown in sophistication over the years.
Taking a hot bath helps me take my mind off my worries.
It was made to look like an accident.
Believe me, everything he's told you is a crock.
The following was inspired in part by a true story.
She vacated the apartment a month ago and left no forwarding address.
She's the breadwinner in this family.
Why did you go over my head on this?
She knows more than she's letting on.
Don't be a wuss!
He told the boss some cockamamie story about being sick and needing days off from work.
Rules are meant to be broken.
"You never know, she might tell him the truth." "Yeah, fat chance!"
Notice how the hero in an action flick never seems to run out of ammo?
Better to err on the side of caution.
The congressman has been in the spotlight ever since his untoward remarks about African Americans.
Follow the stars.
I don't want to hurt her.
"All Quiet on the Western Front"
This is a photograph of my home.
Turn big problems into small ones, and make small problems into nothing.
I agree with his suggestion.
After you take the medicine, your stomachache will be much relieved.
What is the population of New York?
This is a horse.
So that's why!
This sentence has to be proofed.
My right leg was injured in that accident.
You mean you didn't tell him anything?
Cain was evil.
Do you know her father?
This dog is mine.
Why don't you come over to my place?
Could you bring us the bill, please?
Would you give me your work number, please?
Two large coffees, please.
Can you tell me the code for Paris, please?
I'll give you a lift if you like.
What happens in your country?
It's stuffy in here.
Could you drop me off at the library?
I'd like to phone the parents.
Despite his achievements, he is very humble and doesn't boast about them.
The weather service has issued a severe weather warning.
The Met Office has issued a severe weather warning.
How are your parents?
Is Mr Parker in today?
This stock was new in today.
Please, come in and sit down.
May I ask how old you are?
I don't want to belong to the elite at all. It's already enough for me to be the best.
You're such an idiot!
The son of Heaven, when sacrificing, wore the cap decorated with twelve pendants of jade beads hanging down before and behind, and the robe embroidered with dragons.
How many times a week do you take a bath?
He knows everything.
She knows everything about cooking.
I suppose you love him.
I suppose you love her.
I suppose you like it.
They've defused the bomb successfully.
You can use my dictionary.
The Korean vocabulary is composed of three components: native words, Sino-Korean words and loanwords.
Berlin is a German city.
We went to work at sunrise, and quit work between sundown and dark.
Context is important.
Today is my birthday.
I'm still thirsty.
One cannot help liking the best things of one's home.
I speak a little Slovenian.
Raskolnikov is the protagonist of the book of Crime and Punishment written by Dostoevsky.
She is living in the middle of nowhere.
They drink a lot of lemonade.
How much is this tour per person?
You put in too much pepper.
I'll make some coffee.
I put some milk in my coffee.
He put milk in his coffee.
Would you please turn on the air conditioner?
There is no wine in that bottle.
There isn't any film in this camera.
There's no film in this camera.
There are various kinds of candy in that bowl.
Sally is two years older than Ken.
There's not even one orange on the table.
The tape recorder was on the table.
There was a tape recorder on the table.
He'll go to the hospital today.
I would so much love to see you.
What he said surprised me.
It would have been nice if you had helped me a little.
Would you have helped me a little, it would have been nice.
She stumbled over a wheelbarrow.
Goethe claimed, "one who cannot speak foreign languages does not know one's own language either".
I'm sorry that you can't come this evening.
Work is due to begin tomorrow.
I'm beginning to miss my girlfriend.
I feel really respected.
I teach kids from nought to five years old.
I must have expressed myself badly.
Do you often go to the church?
And does your son drive?
Please repair this.
Please fix it.
Please correct it.
Champagne, please.
That is outside my purview.
Please come here.
Could I have some more coffee?
Please give me a dozen cream puffs.
Please help me take this down.
Please move the chair. It's in the way.
The radio is too loud. Please turn the volume down.
Would you like another piece of pie?
He's just a liar.
Summer isn't over yet!
I don't know who my ancestors are. Our papers got lost during the Flood.
The only thing you can learn from history is that you can't learn anything from history.
The word "outage" is an outrage.
The fight continues!
To attend is important!
Attending is important!
You better not have eaten that pie!
I've heard of him, but I don't know him personally.
He could always tell which direction the wind was blowing.
I wonder what will happen.
I read the book.
Learning Korean is difficult.
I work at the supermarket on the weekends.
He gave an explanation about why he had been absent.
He gave an excuse about why he had been absent.
I'm going to slug you in the gut.
He dedicated himself to research.
Why did you buy the flowers?
Why did you buy a flower?
The capital of the United Kingdom is London.
I'm in Portugal.
I'll do what you ask.
Dirty house, dirty floor.
I bought a rare macaw in Araraquara.
I want to buy a new car.
I learned how to drive when I was fifteen years old.
You'd better not eat that cake!
You're in trouble if you ate that cake!
What she said is wrong.
That watch is very nice.
Excuse me, but I'm looking for the post office.
Grammar is very complicated.
The shit has hit the fan.
Who can translate the difference between noise and sound?
I go home.
There wasn't much traffic.
She loves me more than him and she loves me more than he.
Sorry, I won't do it without a condom.
Sorry, I won't do it without a rubber.
After I had thought about this elementary question fundamentally, I came to the conclusion that the difference, which is often described as "considerable" or "substantial" by distinguished people, between the indispensable words "important" and "essential" isn't significant, but rather is irrelevant.
Such languages as Russian, Polish, Czech and Bulgarian have common Slavic roots.
Because there was traffic, I was late to the meeting.
Since Chiro is a cat, he doesn't like lychee.
It's not OK to smoke here.
This summer is chilly.
I made a big mistake when choosing my wife.
Take an egg from the fridge.
Is it only about money?
I used to collect coasters.
It was awesome to meet you in real life!
We met at the Place Broglie.
What's the plan?
He didn't find the bedclothes.
Trang asked if she could share my bed.
I shared my room with sysko.
If there existed a market for sentences, our grammatical speculations would suddenly make sense.
Today I have neck pain.
The head of your penis is sticking out of your belt.
I persuaded him to consult a doctor.
I do work related to computers.
Raisins are dried grapes.
Is this a tax-free shop?
We are two of a kind.
We are very similar.
He read the poem with a loud voice.
Poverty is the root of all evil.
I really trust his ability.
I have confidence in his abilities.
I have mosquito bites all over my arm.
I've been bitten by mosquitos all over my arm.
About how many books do you have?
We have a lot to do.
When I got up, the sun was already high in the sky.
It's not an exaggeration to say that Mrs. Smith is addicted to TV.
Bears often scratch their backs on the bark of trees.
I got this book from him.
I often travel.
Many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy.
She works for French intelligence.
Have you already read this book?
He invited me to a party.
He invited me to the party.
Bob has the habit of going to bed at 10:00.
Bob always goes to bed at 10:00.
I lived overseas for ten years.
I am not a rhinoceros, I am not a tiger, but I am led into this barren wild...
He spoke in a broken English that was hard to understand.
The wild horse was finally broken by the patient trainer.
The silence was broken by a loud cough.
She drew a broken line to show where the property ended.
His broken health led them to put him in the nursing home.
I've started Android programming.
I'm developing an Android application.
Do you know how to use these command line tools?
I'm wondering what to cook for dinner.
The police is coming!
Mafia is a type of criminal organisation.
I'm going to watch a movie.
Would you like another wedge of pie?
The dream is over.
I got a book in the mail today.
May I have your name and address?
I have no sisters.
Do you by any chance have some aspirin?
I get up at 7:00.
I've got a provisional licence.
He died recently.
My mother is two years younger than my father.
This monkey plays a part in a monkey show in Ryogoku.
They live in the projects.
I love you, silly.
Pharamp wishes Trang good night even though she knows that she is not in bed at this hour.
Trang, when are you going to update Tatoeba?
The devil is hiding in the classroom.
May I use a credit card?
He speaks ten languages.
The seventy disciples received the teaching of Confucius in the oral form, for words that satirize, criticize, praise, conceal, suppress, or ridicule cannot appear in writing.
I have a burning desire for tartiflette.
Sirius is one of the 27 stars on the flag of Brazil.
Sirius is the brightest star in the night sky.
The league originally referred to the distance a person or a horse could walk in an hour.
What is the use of mathematics?
Don't shout, the neighbours will hear you!
He promised to reward me for my work.
It may seem obvious, but sentences you write yourself look the most natural.
He often goes with her to watch movies.
I will arrive on 23 May.
He came back two days late.
It's going to rain soon.
The things he says are not the least bit important.
The things he says are entirely inconsequential.
Without the slightest hesitation, he sold his own car.
When did you go to London?
He stopped for a quick cigarette.
Don't mess me around!
That was three days ago.
Is it too salty?
We are used to living in a big city.
Knowledge of foreign languages is useful for everyone.
The President died unexpectedly.
The text has been heavily edited.
It rained for days.
He arrived at school exactly on time.
What time does the train arrive at Yokohama?
This is a book worth reading.
He is on goods terms with all of his classmates.
I really like these stories.
This isn't the type that I like.
The hunter shot and killed the fox.
If you want to, you can use my car.
Other people aren't interested.
I like to eat chocolate flavored ice cream.
In the end he achieved his objective.
You lent me your shoulder for support.
Can you teach me to play chess?
I'm very grateful for everything you've done for me.
My father is in the habit of reading the newspaper before breakfast.
Are you able to prove it?
I don't understand what you guys are saying.
At the time, we were very tired.
We were very tired at the time.
I really like travelling.
My phone is out of battery.
Old cows eat tender grass.
Old women like dating young men.
Where can you buy a ticket to get in?
She keeps her hair long.
He speaks poor French.
He is the same age as me.
He just got home.
Instead of posting here, use Twitter.
Food, clothing and shelter are the foundations of survival.
It's not a toy!
It's a kinda ridicule unnecessary fibonacci-syllabic-heap.
I hate people who have feelings.
It amazed us that she had been to Brazil alone.
Can you teach me how to play a ukulele?
There are no waves without wind.
There's no smoke without fire.
He always opens the window when he goes to sleep.
The leaves on the trees rustle gentle in the wind.
Canada's crime rate is decreasing.
They look American.
I pride myself on my humility.
This is an example of humanoid.
This soil is moist.
He told me that women play chess and tennis well.
There's an orange on the table.
Culture is like a parachute: if you don't have it, you flop down.
Everything is expensive here.
The man had a punctured lung.
She is a bitch.
Wild rabbits can be seen in the forest.
It would be good to sleep, even for just a little bit.
I'll spare you the details.
Somehow I slept all day today.
Will you pray for me to be happy?
I already read all the Harry Potter books.
I can't promise a reply, but you can send mail to me.
I'm still sleepy.
No, I really don't like it that much.
I'm going to sleep in about an hour.
Lately I've been sleeping at night. From like 1 or 2 to 9 or so.
I want to send a present for his birthday.
I want to give him a present for his birthday.
Milk? Sugar?
Don't forget about me!
Gold doesn't rust.
Copy this, please.
Is my aunt's ex-husband my ex-uncle?
"Let's go to the movies next time." "What makes you think there will be a next time?"
"What did you say?" "I didn't say anything."
Aren't we forgetting something?
Does this mean what I think it means?
I don't think I could do that.
I have no intention of going there by myself.
Let me take a picture of you.
Meat and eggs have a lot of protein.
Slighty overweight girls would look cuter if they lost a little weight.
What criteria do you use in deciding who to vote for?
What kind of part-time job should I get?
The world needs talented people.
You need to stop acting so stupid.
You need to stop being so pushy.
You need to stop complaining all the time about things that can't be changed.
You need to stop drinking.
You need to stop gambling.
You need to stop lying to yourself.
You need to stop posting private photos on Facebook.
You need to stop pretending that you don't care.
You need to stop smoking.
You need to stop talking all the time and start listening to what others say.
You need to stop this kind of behavior right away.
You need to stop wasting time.
You'd be amazed how few students finished their homework.
You'd be amazed how long it takes to get a driver's license.
You'd be amazed how many apples you can buy for two hundred dollars.
I reside in Hyogo.
Please plan to leave between 6:00 and 7:00.
You should plan to leave between 6:00 and 7:00.
You came home at 5:00.
Are you going to work until 10:00?
Do you plan to work until 10:00?
Are you going to continue working until 10:00?
Do you plan to continue working until 10:00?
Please turn in your report by next Saturday.
Did you accomplish what you set out to do?
Did you accomplish your goals?
You may give this photograph to anyone who wants it.
Don't climb on this!
I'm going to make some coffee. Would you like some, too?
What time do you usually return home?
It looks like the party in power will win the upcoming election.
Your advice has always been very helpful to me.
What time is your plane scheduled to leave?
What time is your plane scheduled to take off?
From the look on your face, I can tell that you have good news.
Just by looking at your face, I know that you have good news.
I didn't know that you were sick, so I didn't visit you in the hospital.
If I had known that you were sick, I could have visited you in the hospital.
What's your native language?
Who's going with me?
Smiling is a cheap way to be prettier.
It ships in Certified Frustration-Free Packaging.
When only death remains, the last resort is to beg for food.
A cat just came out of the basket.
There is no greater insult to life than premature ejaculation.
The Earth moves around the sun.
Yes, this is my house.
There wasn't anybody in that room.
I'll write or phone you next week.
The secretariat is closed.
Those who work hard find unexpected opportunities to succeed.
After work I go straight home.
He's a little pale.
He's a bit pasty.
He somewhat resembles his father.
He tires easily.
She wanted him to tell her that he loved her.
Is there anything else you'd like?
There is no such thing as God or Buddha.
Do you think I don't know what's going on?
Do you think I don't know what's happening?
I really want to speak English fluently.
This book is even more interesting than that one.
Because of the typhoon, my parents ended their trip one day early.
No matter how low the target, always aim higher.
Every journey begins with a single step.
I hope your wishes will come true.
Make the best of your opportunities.
When will your book be published?
I'd like to meet your older sister.
When you have nothing, aim low; when you get somewhere, aim high.
I don't drink coffee.
I don't like to drink coffee.
I like to eat Korean food.
I don't quite understand what you are saying.
It's impossible for me to believe what you are saying.
Please tell me. I really want to hear it.
Please continue with your story. It's really interesting.
What do you think I was doing before?
I didn't mean to eavesdrop on your conversation.
Doing things in this way has no benefit.
Does doing things in this way have a benefit?
I can choose between tea and coffee.
Please can we have two teas and one coffee.
Please can we have two cups of tea and one cup of coffee.
When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Could you subscribe to our newspaper?
Verga is a famous writer.
Napoleon Bonaparte was born in Corsica.
Napoleon Bonaparte was born on Corsica.
Don't you know how?
How much is this thing?
He wants to come with us.
I am lesbian.
Let's smoke this shit!
She asked us several questions.
Emoto Masaru believes that within ice crystals you can read a message to mankind.
I've developed a bit of a gut lately, so I've decided that, starting tomorrow, I'm going to go to the gym.
Is this made out of wood or metal?
My father is a skilled fisherman.
How many stops is it from here?
I like lemonade more than orangeade.
This store closes at nine in the evening.
Look what she brought me for my birthday!
It's coming up for Christmas.
I was bored, so I wandered around town.
I talked a little to Aki about clothes.
Blessed is the one who expects nothing, for this one will never be disillusioned.
Where are the dishes?
That's complete and utter nonsense!
You say what?! One of my childhood's favourite Saturday morning cartoons has been remade as a Hollywood blockbuster movie? Man, I'm getting old...
All I have is books.
All I have is a book.
I cleared his doubts.
I must take my oboe for repair.
Would you like me to help you with washing the dishes?
I am afraid that he might get hurt.
The Earth is not the center of the universe.
I don't know if this is true.
I've never been to Spain.
Are they live?
That is my book.
I drink coffee.
How can I ever forgive myself?
It's a dreary place.
Why does catnip make cats loopy?
I feel queasy.
Is it Tuesday already?
The burglar came into the house through this door.
Corporate America is back.
She's crossed in love.
Don't keep me on tenterhooks!
Don't keep me in suspense!
My sat nav doesn't work abroad.
Utilities are extra.
One can never be too young or too old to enjoy a certain genre of music.
If you eat shaved ice very fast you will get brain freeze.
I bought ice-cold water.
I'm utterly sorry!
I won't be responsible for my actions.
The cat is eating.
Hello, I'm Ryan.
The two teams playing tonight are the Yomiuri Giants and the Hanshin Tigers.
Because I didn't take the bus, I'm still not home.
She laid claim to the castle.
I eat Japanese food.
Why don't you have some sushi?
Linux experts are able to use the command line.
I read books.
I'm reading this book.
Whose drawing did you like?
The man is starving.
Some people seem to complain about everything.
Some people seem to enjoy arguing.
Some people seem to have forgotten what it was like before the war.
Some students seem to have forgotten to do their homework.
Some people seem to want to make a mountain out of a molehill.
Some people seem to agree with you.
Some people seem to always want to have the last word.
Ubuntu includes lots of software.
On tests, I don't know how free a translation would be allowed.
It can't get worse.
This wine tastes corked!
They are inseparable.
The aquifer is contaminated.
Has the Foreign Secretary arrived yet?
How's the dog?
I want to go to outer space.
Mum, where's Dad?
Scotland is famous for its water.
I like to be home, that way I can work on my story.
The percentage of illiteracy in that country is 36%.
My uncle is angry.
Do you swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
Can I stay here tonight?
Where's the director?
She makes excellent meals in the blink of an eye.
After saying goodbye to Jane, we were very sad.
Do you have to go to the post office?
It was cheaper than I thought it would be.
The actual price was lower than I thought it would be.
It was cheaper than I had thought it would be.
He bought that house because his wife liked it.
What a nice thing to say!
No matter how old you get, you can still learn.
It doesn't matter how old you get, you can learn.
It was very cold.
It was really cold.
It was quite cold.
I have to go shopping; I'll be back in an hour.
Hello, Meg. How are you?
I went to the station to say good-bye to my friend.
Did you understand me?
Do you know how to add new contacts to this phone?
You guys look like you're a bunch of dudes who know how to have a good time.
Can I borrow it for about two weeks?
Please lock the safe.
Instead of using disposable chopsticks, it's better to use plastic chopsticks that you can wash.
It's better to use plastic chopsticks and wash them than to use disposable chopsticks.
She speaks loudly.
The food was horrible, and the waiter, surly.
I sometimes fall, but I never give up.
Where am I from?
Give me a jingle when you have a chance.
He succeeded because he worked hard.
We're married to each other.
We're a married couple.
The contestants are gearing up for the final round of competition.
Not really.
Do you like the rod?
That book on kabuki might be expensive.
I am more handsome than you.
I'm smarter than you.
He has gotten better, so he'll soon be able to leave the hospital.
Wait a minute, my laundry is done, I'll go hang out the washing.
Both of them went to the window to look outside.
I fell in love with her on first sight.
He was sitting, reading a book.
She didn't read the book.
The apples from our own tree taste much better than the sprayed apples from the supermarket.
Unfortunately I don't think I'd be of much help.
He is better than me at math.
I want to buy ski boots.
The hand has five fingers: the thumb, the index finger, the middle finger, the ring finger, and the pinky.
By using Tatoeba one learns languages.
This CD is my son's.
Education begins at home.
The climate in Japan is milder than in England.
A man named Slim was killed in that accident.
Everyone knows that she has done everything she could for her children.
I could not stop by to greet you because I was in a hurry.
The place where my mother was born is located in the east of our country.
Whenever she comes back from a journey, she brings a gift for her daughter.
My clothes get wet so I took off them.
Although he was writing carefully, he had many mistakes in his writing task.
Many great scientists had thought about absurd things.
If I had taken the key, I wouldn't be standing behind the door.
Before you make a decision about your marriage, you should have a consultation with your parents.
I've been toying with the idea of selling everything and taking a long, slow trip around the world.
People always ask me why I do what I do.
The dishes are piling up in the sink.
I can see through your lies.
She flitted about the party affecting a really annoying English accent.
My little sister always tries to get a rise out of me but never succeeds.
Bigger is not always better.
Sorry, I didn't mean to snap at you.
I'm not the kind to kiss and tell.
She put the key in her bag.
He fleeced three old ladies of their meager pensions.
He left his wife and shacked up with a woman half her age.
She pretty much keeps to herself.
He welshed on his gambling debt.
A woman's wardrobe isn't complete without a little black dress.
I have no choice but to take the red-eye back to New York.
I don't owe you squat!
Please read from the highlighted text.
Certain details of the crime were not made public.
He has a scraggly beard and a bum leg.
The most laudable way of acquiring books is by writing them yourself.
She has no manners.
My laptop is running Linux.
I'm running Linux on my laptop.
Ubuntu is a popular Linux distribution.
This doesn't fit into any category.
They made me an offer I couldn't refuse.
GCC is a compiler while Python is an interpreter.
The syntax of Python scripts is very simple.
The bouncer wouldn't let him in.
Sixty-four-bit software will not run on 32-bit architecture.
Every week I study piano on Monday and Tuesday, and dancing on Wednesday and Friday.
Cheese is easy to cut with a knife.
Milk has to be kept at a relatively low temperature.
I'm taking my book with me.
The journey has just begun.
Why did the accused confess?
May I disturb you just a moment?
Free democracy now!
Why are we here?
I hate the world because the world hates me.
My cat is gone, it's already missing for three days.
He came to London to study English.
What are you doing today?
What did you buy your boyfriend?
Give my regards to your family.
Her mother is a wonderful pianist.
I like rhubarb tarts more than apricot tarts.
Do you know your blood type?
We happened to ride the same train by chance.
The heater is warming up the room.
On a good day, you can see the coast of Estonia from Helsinki.
I'm a Japanese language teacher.
Are you able to buy a ticket after boarding the train?
Is there somebody sitting in this seat here?
Are there any liquids or sharp objects in your luggage?
Do I have to check this luggage, or can it be carry-on?
Would you prefer a window or an aisle seat?
Weekdays Monday through Friday, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Please let me see your passport and boarding pass.
Would you please tell her to give me a call later on?
Do you have a European health insurance card?
You can't buy this medicine without a prescription.
If it doesn't get better after two weeks, you definitely must get a medical exam.
What's playing at the movie theater now?
May I ask for your phone number?
The game of shiritori is played by taking the final sound of the word spoken by the person before you, and then the next person looks for a word that begins with that sound.
When speaking in Japan, it may seem like you're not listening if you do not respond while somebody speaks to you.
Education is the path to happiness, peace, righteousness, and success.
What you eat, or what kind of life you live, are decided by you alone.
She got away from us by walking slowly.
His knowledge of geography is insufficient.
Everybody lies.
There are big stones on the ground.
People are afraid of war.
He caught the cord.
The officer encouraged his men.
Do you like Moscow?
I made this doghouse by myself.
What you said is absolute nonsense.
Did you make it by yourself?
The equator divides the earth into two hemispheres.
Answers to your questions don't exist.
What does this symbol here mean?
I would like to take a walk, but the day is too hot.
What a shame to just endure life rather than enjoying it.
Drinking too much is bad for your health.
It would be counter-productive to do such a thing.
Fasten your seat belt while driving.
I own some very old stamps.
I haven't met with Tom recently.
His hobby is stamp collecting.
I plan on living in the city.
I'd rather go take a walk than go see that movie.
There is no need to reply to that letter.
On foot, you'll arrive within thirty minutes.
Although I really hate grammar, it's useful.
The committee was postponed for two weeks.
He was just appointed as the American ambassador to Japan.
That child wanted to try on that blue shirt.
She's most happy when she's at home.
She scrubbed the floor of the kitchen with a brush.
Her explanation concerning that matter matches yours.
He died at the age of 54.
That class takes place once per week.
I was able to sell my used car for 100 dollars.
I traveled to Italy last summer.
There was a lot of students absent from class today.
That man stole all of his money.
If you don't water the plants, they will wither.
He was surprised by the news.
He clearly stated that point.
Although she lives nearby, I rarely see her.
I must discuss that new plan with him.
I caught a head cold.
This driver is too small and isn't very useful.
I made fun of him.
I didn't know where I should wait for her.
There are various ways to get to her house.
There were many books inside of that box.
She was jealous from him talking to another girl.
He ignored our warnings.
There wasn't one student who was absent.
He started crying right after hearing the news.
Put the coat on the hanger.
Let's postpone until next week.
The leaves of the tree became red.
Where are you living now?
That child grew a lot in a short amount of time.
As for me, I think the play was quite interesting.
You're the only one who can do this.
You must show respect towards your parents.
Where are you having lunch today?
I'm loved by my parents.
He was suddenly struck with chest pain.
The voices of children playing were carried over by the wind.
I wasn't able to come because of the rain.
We resumed negotiations with that company.
Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia, and is the second biggest city in Spain.
You can't accomplish anything without taking a risk.
I heard that boy traveled from Hokkaido to Kyushu on bicycle.
I may have discussed this with you before.
Last year, there was a lot of snow.
I expressed my gratitude for what he did for me.
He bribed that politician with a great deal of money.
Please eat some cake.
A lot of trees grow in the countryside.
He has a great interest in Japanese.
That problem isn't important.
The lamp is hanging from the ceiling.
Stop the enemy's advancement.
When I hear that song I remember my youth.
She is an excellent scholar, and is recognized everywhere as such.
He can only pay twenty dollars at most.
Repeating a mistake without recognizing it as one, is the biggest mistake of all.
Korea received an inspection from the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Mankind will succeed in using nuclear energy peacefully.
We are living in the atomic age.
He stared at that detailed miniature model of a dinosaur.
Books about things like dinosaurs and monsters are a favorite among young children.
I have a great interest in the evolution of dinosaurs.
That scientist is looking for dinosaur bones in the valley.
Dinosaurs once ruled the earth.
Ken isn't brave enough to try again.
I should have tried out this electric razor before buying it.
Was Midori skiing in Hokkaido at that time?
That dog doesn't bite.
By the way, do you think there's anything after death?
They weren't able to pass on that tradition unto the next generation.
He turned his back on the old traditions.
Traditionally on April 1st, people pull pranks on each other.
Sumo is a traditional Japanese sport.
Flower arranging is a traditional craft in Japan.
Nobody can deny the fact that the world economy is centered around the economy of the United States.
America's economy is the largest in the world.
After continuing days of warm weather, it became cold.
Today is the fifth day of continual stock price decline.
A wise man once said, life is a series of disappointments.
The temperature has been below zero for many days now.
It took one week to locate their hiding place.
After days of warm weather, it became cold.
We weren't able to determine her whereabouts.
To determine its origin, we must go back to the middle ages.
It was determined that the picking of one's nose is a completely normal act for adolescent boys.
He can run as fast as you.
The same thing could be said about many other people.
Because he believes in the importance of people's own dignity, he advocates suicide.
That famous poet planned on killing himself in his library.
That poet attempted suicide in their library.
Although I may be unhappy, I won't commit suicide.
When her husband died, she felt like killing herself.
She committed suicide by taking poison.
She never in her wildest dreams would have thought her son would kill himself.
She tried to kill herself.
We were on the same train by chance.
We happened to ride the same train.
My grandmother is afraid to fall.
Why do you have a fractured bone?
Strangely enough, I didn't feel any pain at all.
The pain of the compound fracture was almost unbearable.
Is the bird flu eradicated?
She put up with the pain quite well.
This president has written his memoirs.
When he broke his leg he was screaming out in pain.
My wife loves romantic novels.
He felt a sharp pain.
It hurts when I urinate.
There was an intense pain in my head.
There is an important alliance between these two countries.
Please give me some kind of medicine to curb the pain.
You must be polite.
I eat only fresh vegetables.
Suppressing one's anger is a virtue.
Bananas are energizing.
She couldn't hold back her laughter.
I prefer mineral water.
She can't suppress her emotions.
It was very hard for her to suppress her emotions.
Thai is an interesting language.
She is beautiful, but dangerous.
He was mainly interested in the origin of the universe and evolution.
Extinction is a part of evolution.
I'm going to grow wheat there.
The theory of evolution surpasses the scope of my imagination.
She can only view things in a narrow scope.
It doesn't work so well because the battery is low.
The battery died out.
I want a car that runs on solar power.
The clock stopped. It needs a new battery.
I have to replace the radio's battery.
All hospitals are equipped with a spare generator in case of a power outage.
Please give me a spare blanket.
He examined the spare parts one by one.
Sharks are notorious for having a thirst for blood.
To provide food for the hungry.
Provide water to the thirsty and food to the hungry.
I'm thirsty. Please give me a cold drink.
Large countries shouldn't interfere with smaller countries.
Brian got his wisdom teeth out.
Her goal is to become a teacher.
He doesn't have any strength left.
He left the room without even saying goodbye.
Come as fast as you can.
In 1847, they declared independence.
I built this dog house all by myself.
What you said is complete nonsense.
You built that all by yourself?
What kind of music has been popular lately?
I have to sleep.
I don't know what I should say.
I'll return immediately.
He's strange sometimes.
That sort of thing won't happen.
That's because you don't want to be alone.
I make 100 euros per day.
I don't know if there is time.
Is that a recent photo?
You really annoy me.
I always liked strange personalities.
I'll call after going home tomorrow.
A new book expected to come out this semester is about how to avoid financial problems in difficult times.
In order to improve your language skills, try to find books written in the language you are learning.
You should practice English with a friend or classmate. Maybe you could join an Internet forum or a language club.
The best way to improve English quickly is lots of practice.
How do I get to Grafton Street from here? Is it far?
Don't forget to take advantage of all the resources available on the Internet to help you improve your English. There are a lot of things like videos, music, audio files, films and other interesting things.
What's your best price?
All the files seem to be corrupted. For this reason, I will send them after lunch.
It should have been done before now. The problem seems to get bigger every day.
We had the the procedures done yesterday but unfortunately, the machine won't be in operation until the engine is replaced.
Your success depends a lot on how your manager and other people in the office perceive you.
Sometimes, many problems and a lot of stress can lead you to quit your job. You must learn how to handle it quickly.
I can't understand why you said that. You don't know how to analyze numbers and charts.
My friend is a great guy but he is so shy. You can't imagine how difficult it is for him to start a conversation with a stranger.
You should invest a little bit of your income into your career in these tough economic times.
I'd like to know when the best moment is to quit a job.
These new techniques are not working with this equipment. Should we replace it with a new one?
Thank God nobody got hurt in this accident.
Next week, I'll be out of office attending a meeting about dealing with difficult clients.
If you have problems with low libido my suggestion is to go see a doctor or someone with expertise on this issue.
Any problem can be solved if you are persistent and patient.
How often do you like to go to the beach?
I haven't seen my friends for weeks. I heard they moved to another city.
Where can I download action movies for free?
I'm planning my next vacation. Maybe I'll go to Disneyland with my family and friends. How much should I save for it?
I was miffed at her attitude.
There's been a power cut.
Meet you there on Sunday morning. Can't wait for it.
Five plus two equals seven.
I want to go to Korea.
He sounded very tired on the phone.
Let's meet at five.
The details of the agreement are indicated in the contract.
Can you prove the allegations?
Where is the logic in that?
His health has been getting worse since the accident.
She thought of a good way to make money on the Internet.
My thumbnail ripped off.
I can hold out for hours.
I should be able to hold out for hours.
The children built a sand castle on the beach.
By using Tatoeba, one learns languages.
Do you remember the time when we were children, and travelled on a train?
There are four seasons in one year.
That happened three days ago.
He inherited the house.
You can see the sun setting from the window.
My mouth dried up.
When life throws you a lemon, make lemonade!
My grandfather goes to mass every Sunday.
The gala dinner is at 10 p.m.
In Portuguese, the article is used in some cases and omitted in others.
She skimmed through the register to see if her name was in it.
I ate it all by myself.
I want you to tell the truth now! Tell it!
"Who bakes the cakes?" "Alessandra bakes them."
Our teacher often overlooked his name on the list.
"Who baked the cakes?" "Alessandre baked them."
The house is across from the church, so you shouldn't miss it.
Strange.
Shutting down.
The committee meeting is held twice per month.
This material isn't suited towards making western clothing.
If this train is late, I won't make the transfer in Kobe.
Do you know the area well?
These green leaves will turn red in the fall.
I'm waiting for Godot.
Are you coming on Skype or do you prefer to translate sentences on Tatoeba?
Are you at odds with Boolean algebra?
Houston, we've had a problem here.
He's working his hardest to support his aging mother.
She turned her face away so he wouldn't see her tears.
They threatened to kill me so I gave them up my wallet.
Personal computers are very useful.
He confessed in court that he was in touch with racist groups.
The traditional way of learning a language may satisfy at most one's sense of duty, but it can hardly serve as a source of joy. Nor will it likely be successful.
One learns grammar from language, not language from grammar.
A good method plays a much more important role in language learning than the vague concept of innate ability.
I made myself clear about my feelings for him at the outset.
I'm beginning to feel at ease when I speak in Chinese.
Enthusiasm is contagious.
All beginnings are difficult.
In college, I fared ill with physics and well with chemistry.
Through difficulties to honors.
By teaching, we learn.
I thought you didn't want to come.
Latin is a perpetual language.
She found a need and she filled it.
She says she brushes her teeth every morning.
You look good.
My daughter is still at work.
The dictionary gathers nearly half a million words.
Look that word up in the dictionary.
I support the proposal.
I wish I had listened to your warnings.
My mother is my jewel.
Don't throw away a good opportunity.
If two past lovers can remain friends, it's either because they are still in love, or they never were.
Open a book and it will open your soul.
When she began to stutter, her classmates couldn't help laughing.
He's one of a kind.
I like trains.
He was sitting and reading a book.
I opened the box. It was empty.
I don't have time now.
What are you doing tomorrow?
I'd rather do it by myself.
Turn the TV down, please.
Turn down the TV, please.
Silicon Roundabout is home to a large number of IT start-ups.
The well-known poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
The famous poet attempted to commit suicide in his library.
Don't wake him up.
Whoever loves me, also loves my dog.
We hope you enjoyed your stay.
All you have to do is sit here.
All you need to do is just sit here.
We're even.
We're good.
The earth gave out under his feet.
We ran out of petrol.
We ran out of gas.
It looks like something's going to happen.
He looked at her with bleary eyes.
When she opened her heart to him, it was already too late.
Watch out! There's a speed camera.
Would you mind not doing that?
The female-boss of the company seems shameless.
A fall into a pit, a gain in your wit.
Your spirit has fallen into the hell.
Many monkeys are found on the hill.
This is only known by Obama.
I often hiccup.
An old husband has a wife too much younger than him.
The father is together with his son, how cozy it is!
You should savour this moment.
The lady, whom you talked to, is my sister.
What is wrong with me?
I want a bottle of Coca-Cola.
Last night I was too tired to cook a proper meal, so I just ate instant noodles.
A piece of paper got jammed in the printer and now it doesn't work.
My knickers are wet.
My underpants are wet.
Do you have a Facebook account?
I don't have a TV at my place.
Hi, my name is Pekka. What is your name?
I'm Finnish.
Helsinki is the capital of Finland.
I now live in Helsinki, but I'm originally from Kuopio.
So?
Your problems are nothing compared to mine.
He was about to achieve great plans.
That was the very beginning.
After you finish reading the book, put it back where it was.
I'm not sure yet, but I think I'll become a teacher.
You lost, didn't you?
They're art buddies.
That hen hasn't laid any eggs at all, lately.
It's really an eyesore.
Her only wish was to see her son one last time.
Today I don't feel like doing anything.
The gossip is true!
See everyone in two months.
Whether you believe it or not, I believe it.
How can we define equilibrium for a system of moving particles?
Do all systems naturally evolve towards an equilibrium state?
What is the time evolution of a system that is not quite in equilibrium?
We shall try to answer the following questions.
Tom wants to build an ostentatious and smart house.
In New Jersey are many unobtrusive buildings.
I then began to understand.
No, I don't have it.
Before you can board the plane, you'll have to go through airport security checks.
If the shop is closed today, I'll try again tomorrow.
I think we need help.
You look tired. You should rest a little.
Do you have any idea of how difficult is to do this?
I didn't have any idea of what I'm capable of.
I hoped you would understand what I meant.
The only thing constant in this world is change.
He offered me to go to the theater,but there weren't any perfomances on that night.
My problem is called "procrastination".
I stopped smoking completely 3 months ago.
That's why he lost his job.
After lying down for a short while, my stomach ache calmed down.
Honestly, what time do you plan to sleep until? It's already noon!
My throat hurts and my body feels heavy. It looks like I've caught a cold somehow.
At times of poor health, getting plenty of sleep is the best medicine.
I'm absolutely burnt out.
The Swiss Franc is soaring.
I've entered the appropriate settings on the washing machine.
Could not find the right menu option in the ATM.
Shizuoka, one of Japan's prefectures, faces the Pacific Ocean.
There are many plastic model manufacturers in Shizuoka.
I went to eat at a Chinese restaurant in Yokohama.
Chinatown is in Yamashitacho of Naka-ku.
You can only drink water from the water dispenser.
Today we went to the shopping mall. I was very bored.
Naka is one of the 18 administrative districts that compose Yokohama prefecture.
Yamashita is a street in Naka district which is in Yokohama town of Kanagawa prefecture.
The choreography is quite simple.
It is an important thing for the dance that you don't work outside of a choreographed sequence.
I ordered frogs and noodles.
I shade my eyes from sun shine.
Kendo involves dueling between two people who are each equipped with a sword-like stave made of bamboo.
What is the difference between Iaido and Kendo?
Iaido, it is a form of swordsmanship that strikes down an attacking opponent with one blow of the sword quickly drawn out of its sheath, whether one is sitting or walking.
Wednesday is near!
I lost my identity.
I don't like your name.
That's what you get for not listening.
He was only shamming.
He considers himself a guardian of moral standards.
I'm an American citizen.
In any case, I'll inform you when he comes.
I speak English every day.
Tatoeba is free software.
Who are you working for?
America isn't a country, it's a continent.
He did everything with great impetus.
To be black is better than to be gay. If you were born black, at least you don't have to think about how to tell your mother about this.
What have you eaten?
Love is for lunatics.
Why can't we tickle each other?
He's been saying the same things since I first met him.
Do you have needle and thread?
Have you got needle and thread?
In the end I came up with a great idea.
Don't you like Chinese food?
My father quit drinking.
She helped me willingly.
There's still much to do.
I can't remember where I bought it.
Nobody's working; they're all watching the World Cup.
What is there in these boxes that are so heavy?
This is simply one of the darkest pages in the history of Argentina!
I think that watching TV is a waste of time.
She suffers from a contagious disease.
Kendo has competitive matches, but in Iaido there are none.
Kendo is an ancient Japanese martial art that dates back to the time of the samurai warriors.
We are excited about having foreign Kendo students in Osaka.
I've decided to join the volunteer fire department.
He behaves like a child.
That is a pure waste of time.
Jodo is a Japanese martial art using short staffs called "Jou" and wooden sword.
Takeda holds a 3th dan in "kendo", a 2th dan in "iaido".
All natural objects and phenomena used to be considered as having kami, so the gods of Shinto were uncountably numerous.
This is called hatsumode, the first visit to a shrine.
Hatsumoude means New Year's visits to shrines.
The most important Shinto event takes place in the New Year, when millions of people visit shrines to pray for happiness and a healthy year.
As for Shinto gods, there are the goddess of the Sun, the god of the moon and even old trees have their gods.
That's because Shintoism and Buddhism are practiced in their daily customs instead of as their religion.
The Tanabata Festival is often called the Star Festival. August 7th, the day of the festival, is said to be the only time when a pair of lovers, stars separated by the Milky Way, can see each other.
On the Respect-for-Senior-Citizens Day, we visit our grandparents and do nice things for them.
The birthday festival is based on a legend that colorful flowers and honeydew fell from the sky when Buddha was born.
Naginata is one of Japan's traditional martial arts.
America is a continent of immigration.
Portugal is a country of emigration.
Africa is a continent of migration.
He's a historian.
March 3rd is a Girls' Day, the traditional Japanese festival held to wish girls both health and growth.
The Aoi Festival has been carried out as a national event since then and has continued to the present day.
From 1859, Protestant missionaries from America started to arrive, and the Catholic and Russian Orthodox churches also became actively involved in missionary work.
It is not known when the Hinamatsuri first started, but the Nagashibina, in its most primitive form, was already being celebrated during the Heian period.
Though the Hinamatsuri was originally for both boys and girls, it is now just for girls.
Setsubun means "the day between two seasons."
Their love story is a real battlefield.
However, 2007, this holiday moved to May 4th, while April 29th became the memorial day of Showa called "Showa no Hi.
National Foundation Day (February 11): day for commemorating the founding of the nation and for fostering patriotic feelings.
This zoo owns two okapis.
November 23rd is Labor Thanksgiving Day, which was established as a national holiday to stress the importance of labor in people's minds.
By establishing Takeshima Day, it is hoped that more Japanese people will learn about the Takeshima islands.
The lifeless rocks nod their heads again and again.
The cliff collapsed, the rocks split, and the empty sky filled with a noisy clamor.
A large rock is large; a small one is small.
With deep and reverent awe I replaced the candelabrum in its former position.
"If a photograph of the smiling face of your loved one stands on the altar at the funeral or on the family altar, when you put your hands together to pray, you can hear their voice, I think," he says.
Every child who learns, and every man who finds work, and every sick body that's made whole - like a candle added to an altar - brightens the hope of all the faithful.
I'm going to America tomorrow.
Did you know that when you say "America", it can mean the USA or the continent of both Americas?
Fabien has a lot of good ideas.
Next Tuesday is a bank holiday.
Do you know anything about your family?
There are only 10 minutes left until the end of the lesson.
He said he'd come and he did.
How can I keep tabs on the least visited pages, and what do I do with them?
What do I do if my luggage doesn't appear after I get off the plane?
Upon receiving your Certificate of Eligiblity, please come to the Japanese Embassy in London.
I completed the university course comfortably.
He went backstage after the show.
At the Fukushima No.1 nuclear power plant, all the reactors stopped just after the quake.
On November 15th the seven-five-three festival when parents with boys of five, girls of seven and either boys or girls of three dress, celebrate children's maturation, dress them in gay clothes and take to shrines where they pray for their children's future.
February 7th is Northern Territories Day in Japan.
Sea Day is one of the Japanese national holidays celebrated on the third Monday in July.
This is the day on which the Constitution's fundamental spirit, the sovereignty of the people, respect for fundamental human rights, and pacifism, are all reaffirmed.
Health-Sports Day is the second Monday of October. That day is for sports and to foster a sound mind and body.
On Children's Day, traditionally a holiday on which people pray for the growth of boys, armor is displayed at home.
Bon, an annual Buddhist event, is from July (or August on the lunar calendar) 13th to the 16th.
It was believed that evil spirits would return to earth on the last day of the year.
During the Golden Week holidays, many volunteers went to the quake and tsunami-hit areas in Tohoku.
The sum of 5 and 3 is 8.
Come on over to have a try.
We are confident of victory.
I am not good at mathematics.
Every fox praises its tail.
We had some chicken soup.
The child's body felt feverish.
Don't all speak at the same time.
I do very much. Thank you.
What you say makes no sense.
She likes all kinds of sports.
She never wears green.
Give my love to your kids.
That meal was simply divine.
The horse trotted down the road.
I never see him but I am happy.
The old man set off at a quick trot.
I'll see you in the new year.
There is only one can of meat left.
We travelled all over the country.
My knowledge of Japanese is rather poor.
I want to reserve a room.
She patted her hair into place.
She patted her hair into shape.
He is a mathematical genius.
I cannot speak Mandarin well.
Yes, I can speak Mandarin.
Today I cooked some little jam tarts with my cousin.
I don't believe that man is able to listen to nature.
Talking to Eliana is like talking to a wall.
Travelling is interesting and funny.
Do you believe that it is easy?
How is the first day going?
They laugh at me, not with me.
He said to me, "Children are like small animals."
No, I can't speak English.
These workmen, whom the government pays for, are dealing with death in coal mines.
I've never had any student who can solve math problems as fast as you can.
Do you like China?
I like the green colour.
He was delighted after he visited his wife in the train station.
I called the police as soon as I saw his dead body on the floor.
Social interaction is the very foundation of social life.
All interactions involve the use of some kind of turn-taking organization.
There are differences in usage.
This lesson is endless!
This lesson is never-ending!
This lesson is interminable!
Of the remaining words on the list, five are nouns.
The adjacency pair has five basic characteristics.
It is a sequence of two actions.
Can you find her?
He is studying history at the university.
My best friend is in Rome now.
Microsoft has a completely new operating system in the works.
Questions and answers play an enormous role in interaction.
You can see it with the naked eye.
That star is visible to the naked eye.
Persons should answer the questions that are put to them.
They are normatively accountable for doing so.
When an answer is not forthcoming, questioners assert their rights to an answer by repeating the question.
Let me die.
Mommy, if I don't like the food, do I have to eat it?
First you need to move this out of the way so we can get to the table.
Persons present reasons for not fulfilling their obligation to respond.
Women don't take shits.
What happened at Bullock's this evening?
I told you that she was blonde.
If someone criticize you, it's because you have something that he will never have.
He criticizes everything.
It is not really visible to the naked eye.
It cannot always be perceived by the naked eye.
Human ovum is barely visible to the naked eye.
The news interview under investigation follows the conventional pattern of the turn-taking system, which consists of answers following questions.
It's a signal of danger.
I come with myself.
Apparently ice is lethal!
Leave the ice alone!
Luckily they invented pizza!
The scars of your love remind me of us.
Many Argentinians prefer to use a car and not the public transport.
The Internet is serious business.
I can't wait until the weekend!
America is the greatest country in the world.
America is the land of opportunity.
Hi guys, I'm Mike.
I'm not afraid of anything.
Valencia is famous for its unusual architecture.
Good job!
Please don't look at your cellphone while we're eating.
Please don't look at your mobile phone while we're eating.
Google is my teacher.
You are invited to attend a meeting at 2:30 p.m. in the meeting room on the second floor. Thank you.
Please attend the meeting in the second floor conference room at 2:30 p.m.
I'm terribly sorry!
A megalopolis is a network of multiple closely linked metropolitan areas.
I can't reply your message immediately, for I can't type fast.
"How to determine whether a "how" sentence is a question." "Yes, how?"
When Wikipedia states a stupidity, it soon becomes a truth.
He substituted the injured player.
She sometimes writes to her son.
She writes to her son every so often.
She writes to her son from time to time.
I've cancelled the newspaper subscription.
He's accustomed to getting up early in the morning.
Native French speakers often add spaces before punctuation in other languages even though it is usually incorrect.
She's turning red.
I'm eating a Japanese pear.
Would you like student volunteers to pick you up at Kansai International Airport?
Why are you trying and picking a quarrel with them?
We were at the mill, near the hemp field.
The appendix is about 10 cm long.
I have appendicitis.
All this time we kept an untold secret.
The uncalled capital added up to half a million dollars.
His acoustic peformance rocks.
He said the best was yet to come.
She said a prayer and followed him.
I assume that it was all they wanted to say.
Why is the table so wobbly?
I need to charge my mobile.
I need to charge my cellphone.
How can I access the printer?
Mind yourself. That knife is sharp.
He is sitting cross-legged.
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural stupidity.
Artificial intelligence cannot beat natural foolishness.
Sorry for the intrusion.
Hello Giada, tell us your story, we'll listen to you.
You mustn't drive on the right.
Let's use our brains to the greatest extent possible and see what happens during the planning stages!
Unfortunately, I have to get up early every morning.
If the sale of organs is legalised, potential health problems may arise.
Act towards others the way you would like that they act towards you.
In many countries, being gay is a cause for imprisonment.
Gay marriage is permitted in less than 20% of countries.
In the US, a gay union is permitted only in some states.
I'm gay.
At the beginning it'll be tough, but everything's tough at the beginning.
The way of the samurai is found in death.
I like him not because he's courteous, but because he's honest.
My trousers are wet.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
You are a moron.
I want him to leave.
I'm interested in oriental pottery.
Since Chiro is a cat, he doesn't like lychees.
I left my keys on the table. Could you bring them to me?
That can't be.
This medicine is still not sold in pharmacies.
Do you wish to go?
Please do not smoke here.
These are the facts. Think hard about them!
It was the best day of my life.
Let's get out for a while to take a walk.
I should be studying for tomorrow's exam.
Yesterday I ate too much and now I feel sick.
It's drizzling out in the garden.
I'm very fat.
I'm extremely fat.
Do you usually eat more than five slices of pizza a month?
If there's anything else you need, just let me know.
It was tremendously exciting to be in Boston at that time.
Our destination is still a long way off.
You'd better not tell Tom.
You'd better not talk back to Tom.
You'd better not argue with Tom.
You'd be amazed how often Tom doesn't do his homework.
You'd be amazed how much time Tom spends playing games.
You'd be amazed how much beer Tom drinks when he goes out.
You'd be amazed how many times I've told Tom not to do that.
You'd be amazed how long it takes Tom to get ready in the morning.
You shouldn't trust Tom.
You shouldn't make fun of Tom.
You shouldn't have borrowed Tom's car.
You shouldn't believe everything Tom tells you.
You should avoid Tom today if at all possible. He's very mad at you.
You should always knock before entering Tom's room.
You say you want to visit Tom? Why in the world would you want to do that?
You need to stop saying no to Tom.
You need to stop provoking fights with Tom.
You need to stop ignoring email messages from Tom.
You need to stop doing things that bother Tom.
You might meet Tom.
You might meet Tom if you go to the library.
You hate Tom, don't you?
You don't know why Tom didn't come yesterday, do you?
You don't know when Tom will come, do you?
You don't have to do what Tom says.
You didn't see Tom, did you?
You can't trust Tom.
You can't count on Tom's help.
You can ask Tom for help.
You can always ask for Tom's help.
You aren't the only one who likes baseball. Tom likes it, too.
Yesterday Tom stayed home all day.
Would you let me know when Tom comes?
Would you give me Tom's address?
Within a few minutes Tom had eaten up all the food on the table.
With your connections, you should be able to find a job for Tom.
Will you swim with Tom?
Will Tom be allowed to go camping with the other children?
Why would Tom do such a thing?
Why would Tom do something like that?
Why would Tom decide not to go to Boston?
Why don't you call Tom up?
Why don't you ask Tom?
Why don't we see if Tom wants to play cards with us?
Why don't we see if Tom wants to go with us?
Why don't we ask Tom's advice?
Why does Tom look so grumpy today?
Why do you think Tom wasn't at school today?
Why do you think Tom wasn't able to pass his driving test?
Why do you think Tom was crying?
Why do you think Tom prefers living in the country?
Why do you think Tom likes baseball so much?
Why do you think Tom chose to become a psychologist?
Why didn't you just tell Tom the truth?
Who killed Tom?
Who gave Tom that black eye?
Who gave Tom all that money?
Who does Tom work for?
Who cares whether Tom eats egg yolks or not.
Where was Tom working then?
Where was Tom when the fire broke out?
When Tom was young, he ate three eggs every day.
When Tom was eighteen, he decided that he wanted to become a soldier.
When Tom was accused of the murder, he broke out in a cold sweat.
When Tom couldn't bear the pain any longer, he went to the hospital.
When I got out of prison, Tom helped me get back on my feet.
When did you last see Tom?
When did you get to know Tom?
When did you first meet Tom?
When did Tom leave Boston?
What's wrong with telling Tom what happened?
What's Tom so unhappy about?
What's Tom doing now?
What's Tom doing here at this hour?
What were you guys doing while Tom was chopping wood?
What Tom says makes sense.
What Tom ate was delicious.
What Tom ate gave him an upset stomach.
What Tom ate for dinner didn't cost much.
What Tom ate almost killed him.
What really surprised me most was how many hours a day Tom slept.
What really surprised me most about Tom was how tall he was.
What makes you think Tom isn't a native speaker?
What made you think that Tom wouldn't come?
What made Tom so mad?
What kind of woman could love a guy like Tom?
What kind of person is Tom?
What kind of computer does Tom use?
What kind of car does Tom drive?
What I don't understand is why Tom didn't stick around and help us.
What happened to Tom?
What does Tom's new car look like?
What does Tom want?
What does Tom want to do tomorrow?
What does Tom think of your music?
What does Tom really think?
What does Tom really think of the way we've been handling this problem?
What does Tom look like?
What does Tom intend to do about it?
What does Tom have to do with this?
What does Tom have to do with this matter?
What does Tom have in his hand?
What does Tom get in return for all the work he's done?
What does Tom eat when he's watching TV?
What does Tom eat for lunch?
What does Tom eat for a mid-afternoon snack?
What does Tom do?
What does Tom do in his free time?
What does Tom do for a living?
What does Tom consider to be the most important point?
What does that have to do with Tom?
What does it matter what happens to Tom?
What do you think of Tom?
What do you know about Tom's girlfriend?
What did Tom say to you?
What am I supposed to do if Tom comes?
We won't start the meeting until Tom comes.
We were disappointed to hear that Tom couldn't get a visa.
We now have all the evidence we need to convict Tom Jackson.
We made Tom the captain of the team.
We heard that Tom had committed suicide, but we didn't really believe it.
We haven't seen much of Tom since his divorce.
We had Tom paint the fence light green.
We believe that Tom committed the murder.
Was Tom at home yesterday?
Was that you I saw with Tom near the river?
Unfortunately, Tom refused to help us.
Tom's younger daughter is married.
Tom's work is selling second-hand cars.
Tom's wife would probably leave him if she knew the truth.
Tom's way of talking gets on my nerves.
Tom's troublemaking days are over.
Tom's third marriage was unhappy and he was considering yet another divorce.
Tom's taste in music is similar to mine.
Tom's speech was quite interesting.
Tom's son was killed in a traffic accident last winter.
Tom's so old.
Tom's response was immediate.
Tom's plane leaves for Boston at 2:30 p.m.
Tom's parents were both teachers.
Tom's opinions don't carry much weight around here.
Tom's operation was going to cost a small fortune.
Tom's older daughter is still unmarried.
Tom's not breathing.
Tom's mother is a very good cook.
Tom's mother died just one week before Tom graduated from college.
Tom's mother chased Tom as he ran naked around the lobby.
Tom's living room was tastefully furnished.
Tom's house is for sale.
Tom's house is easy to find.
Tom's heart suddenly began to beat faster.
Tom's hat blew off.
Tom's hairline is receding.
Tom's fingers got smashed while working on the assembly line.
Tom's family lives in Boston.
Tom's face is red.
Tom's eyesight isn't as good as it used to be.
Tom's eyes are bloodshot.
Tom's duties include raking the leaves.
Tom's dog bit him playfully.
Tom's diet is deficient in protein.
Tom's death came as a surprise.
Tom's days are numbered.
Tom's company is drilling for oil.
Tom's company imports tea from India.
Tom's company imports coffee from Brazil.
Tom's clothes were old, but clean.
Tom's business is doing very well.
Tom's bicycle was blue before he painted it red.
Tom's behavior wasn't acceptable.
Tom's an irritating person to work with because he'll never admit it when he's made a mistake.
Tom's advice was very helpful.
Tom's advice didn't help at all.
Tom, I need your help.
Tom, could you keep an eye on the kids?
Tom zipped up his coat.
Tom yelled for help.
Tom writes everything down so he won't forget it.
Tom wouldn't mind eating meat and potatoes every day of the week.
Tom would like to become a simultaneous interpreter.
Tom would have missed the train if he had stopped to buy a chocolate bar.
Tom works the night shift.
Tom works the evening shift.
Tom works out in a gym near his house.
Tom works from nine to five.
Tom works from early in the morning until late at night every day.
Tom works for a trading company in Boston.
Tom works for a large company.
Tom worked for a construction company in Boston.
Tom worked all day and was completely worn out.
Tom wore a new coat to school today.
Tom won't go alone.
Tom won't admit that he's done anything wrong.
Tom wishes that he could be a better French speaker.
Tom wishes he didn't have to help with the housework.
Tom will visit Boston this summer for sure.
Tom will remember this weekend as long as he lives.
Tom will go to Boston next month.
Tom will carry those suitcases for you.
Tom will be thirty in March.
Tom will be here any minute now.
Tom will be back home soon.
Tom will be back by 2:30.
Tom will be arriving here soon from Australia.
Tom will be absent today because he has a cold.
Tom will be a university student this year.
Tom whistled a tune as he walked along the river.
Tom went without lunch because he didn't have enough time to eat.
Tom went to the counter and bought us both a drink.
Tom went to school to learn how to tune pianos.
Tom went to Boston to study music.
Tom went to Boston to attend a conference.
Tom went to Boston three years ago.
Tom went to bed at midnight.
Tom went to the beach last week.
Tom went out to look for something to eat.
Tom went for three weeks without shaving before his wife complained.
Tom went fishing, but didn't catch anything.
Tom went downtown to do shopping.
Tom went down the river on a rubber raft.
Tom went bonkers.
Tom brought way too much food, so there was some left over.
Tom wasn't ready to die.
Tom wasn't injured in the train wreck.
Tom wasn't afraid of death.
Tom wasn't able to swim.
Tom wasn't able to pass the examination.
Tom wasn't able to find a place to park.
Tom washes clothes at least once a week.
Tom was well prepared for the exam.
Tom was wearing a black hat.
Tom was watching what was happening very carefully.
Tom was walking in the park with nothing on his mind.
Tom was very attached to the golf clubs that his father had given him.
Tom was up until about 3:00 a.m. reading a book.
Tom was up late last night studying.
Tom was unable to remember what he had eaten for breakfast.
Tom was unable to decide who he should vote for.
Tom was too short to reach the top shelf.
Tom was told to abstain from smoking and drinking.
Tom was told by his doctor to remain in bed.
Tom was the only person in the room at the time.
Tom was the last to arrive.
Tom was the last person to finish eating.
Tom was the last person I expected to see there.
Tom was the last person I expected to see here.
Tom was talking about the delicious food they had eaten on their trip.
Tom was taken prisoner.
Tom was supposed to hand in his homework before the weekend.
Tom was suddenly overcome by fear.
Tom was struck by lightning and died.
Tom was still in Boston this time last year.
Tom was speaking to some neighbors.
Tom was sitting on the edge of the desk playing his ukulele.
Tom was singing with the children sitting around the campfire.
Tom was shot by a firing squad.
Tom was sentenced to death.
Tom was seen stealing apples from the neighbor's tree.
Tom was reported missing three weeks ago.
Tom was released from the hospital last month.
Tom was released from prison last month.
Tom was really mad.
Tom was put in jail.
Tom was often late for school.
Tom was lucky.
Tom was looking at some girls in bikinis.
Tom was living rent-free in a small house not too far from us.
Tom was late for work again this morning.
Tom was killed in a train accident.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident within 10 hours of graduating from college.
Tom was killed by the husband of the woman he had been hanging out with.
Tom was killed by lightning.
Tom was killed by his own gang members.
Tom was killed by a hired assassin.
Tom was just trying to help.
Tom was in his late thirties.
Tom was in his early thirties.
Tom was in Boston last week on a business trip.
Tom was in a hurry this morning.
Tom was in a coma.
Tom was hurt in a traffic accident.
Tom was hiding in the mountains.
Tom was hiding behind the door.
Tom was hiding behind a bush.
Tom was here just a moment ago.
Tom was here a while ago.
Tom was going to be transferred to Boston, but they decided to fire him instead.
Tom was given a blood transfusion.
Tom was found guilty.
Tom was forced to resign.
Tom was extraordinarily handsome.
Tom was executed.
Tom was every inch a gentleman.
Tom was eaten by a crocodile.
Tom was dissatisfied with the service at the hotel where he stayed.
Tom was detained for questioning.
Tom was detained by the police.
Tom was detained as a suspect.
Tom was convicted and sentenced to death.
Tom was confined to a bed for three months.
Tom was caught cheating on the exam and was expelled from school.
Tom was brought up in Boston.
Tom was born in Boston.
Tom was aware of the difficulties.
Tom was arrested for being drunk and disorderly.
Tom was arrested and immediately taken to headquarters.
Tom was arrested and charged with the murder.
Tom was alone most of the time.
Tom was almost run over by a dump truck.
Tom was almost hit by a car.
Tom was afraid to swim.
Tom was afraid to cross the road.
Tom was afraid that the typhoon would damage his house.
Tom was admitted into the hospital.
Tom was admiring my new car at the time the truck crashed into it.
Tom was accused of neglecting his duty.
Tom was accused of falling asleep on guard duty.
Tom was abused by his father.
Tom was able to park behind the hotel.
Tom was able to make himself understood in French when he visited Paris.
Tom was able to get there in less than twenty minutes.
Tom was able to fit everything he owned into one suitcase.
Tom was able to answer all the questions.
Tom was a mean man before his daughter was born.
Tom was a bad student.
Tom warmed himself by the fire.
Tom wants to think it over.
Tom wants to study in Boston.
Tom wants to live in the country after he retires.
Tom wants to graduate from college before he turns 24 years old.
Tom wants to go to the movies.
Tom wants to go to Boston.
Tom wants to get rich quick.
Tom wants a large family.
Tom wanted to study Japanese with a native Japanese speaker.
Tom wanted to set the record straight.
Tom wanted to eat a couple of slices of salami.
Tom wanted to become a lawyer.
Tom walks about fifteen miles a day.
Tom walked silently through the forest.
Tom volunteered to help.
Tom volunteered to do all the things no one else wanted to do.
Tom volunteered a good deal of his time to helping those less fortunate than himself.
Tom very often takes a nap for an hour after lunch.
Tom verified the date of the meeting.
Tom usually works from nine to five-thirty.
Tom usually wears sunglasses even when it's not so bright.
Tom usually watches the weather report in the morning before leaving home.
Tom usually takes a shower before breakfast.
Tom usually sits in the back of the classroom.
Tom usually pays for everything in cash.
Tom usually only eats oatmeal for breakfast.
Tom usually goes to bed just before midnight.
Tom usually feels sleepy in the early afternoon.
Tom usually eats his lunch alone.
Tom usually doesn't have to work on Monday afternoons.
Tom usually accomplishes whatever he tries to do.
Tom used to walk into the bar and order three beers right off.
Tom used to play lacrosse, but he doesn't anymore.
Tom used to live in Boston.
Tom used to live deep in the jungle.
Tom used to be drunk by this time every night.
Tom used to always wear a watch, but now he just looks at his smart phone.
Tom turned in a blank test paper.
Tom tries to do some light exercises every morning.
Tom tries to avoid traveling by air.
Tom tried to cut the delicious-looking meat with a dull knife.
Tom treats me very nice.
Tom translated the letter from French into German.
Tom tossed another log on the fire.
Tom tossed and turned all night.
Tom took up hang gliding.
Tom took the early retirement package the company offered.
Tom took the bus to school.
Tom took out a pencil and started to write.
Tom took off his coat because it was getting too hot to wear it.
Tom took off his coat and threw it on the floor.
Tom took off his coat and gloves.
Tom took off his clothes and stepped into the shower.
Tom took his wallet out of his pocket.
Tom took his time reading the contract.
Tom took his own life.
Tom took a step forward.
Tom took a step backward.
Tom took a piece of candy from the bag.
Tom took a flower out of the vase while no one was looking.
Tom took a deep breath.
Tom took a closer look at it.
Tom told us that he'd come in person.
Tom told the children that they could stay here in the room if they didn't make any noise.
Tom told the boys to line up.
Tom told me that it was possible to rent a bicycle.
Tom told me that I shouldn't buy that.
Tom told me that he wasn't scared of snakes.
Tom told me that he wasn't afraid of ghosts.
Tom told me that he got his xylophone for free.
Tom told me that he couldn't really trust Microsoft.
Tom told me that he couldn't blame me for breaking my promise.
Tom told me that he could live off his savings for a while if he lost his job.
Tom told me that he could hear something, but he wasn't sure what it was.
Tom told me that he could come on any day but Tuesday.
Tom told me that he could afford another divorce.
Tom told his son the story about a monster that ate children.
Tom told his friends that he never ate meat.
Tom tied the canoe to the top of his car.
Tom tied his dog to a tree.
Tom threw me an apple.
Tom threw his hands up into the air and said that he gave up.
Tom threw a stone into the pond.
Tom threw a rock at the dog.
Tom thought it would be a good idea to see a doctor.
Tom thinks the plan may backfire.
Tom thinks that eating at a restaurant by himself is pathetic.
Tom thinks it will rain tomorrow.
Tom thinks he's being shadowed by a private detective.
Tom thinks he can get rid of his cold if he takes this medicine.
Tom tends to exaggerate.
Tom tends to be lazy.
Tom talks like an old man.
Tom talked about school.
Tom talked about his family.
Tom takes piano lessons three times a week.
Tom takes a walk every morning.
Tom takes a shower every morning before breakfast.
Tom takes a bath every evening after dinner.
Tom takes a bath at least three times a week.
Tom swore that he ate at least twice as much as his wife.
Tom sure does burp a lot.
Tom suggested that we leave right away before it started to rain.
Tom suddenly felt tired.
Tom suddenly felt like he was going to faint.
Tom succeeded in getting elected.
Tom studied hard so he could get into college.
Tom stuck his nose where it didn't belong.
Tom stopped looking for the treasure and went back home.
Tom stood on his head.
Tom stood on a chair so he could reach the top shelf.
Tom stood motionless, listening carefully.
Tom stayed up all night.
Tom stayed at home all day.
Tom started playing rugby three years ago.
Tom staggered to his feet.
Tom sprinkled some sugar on the toast.
Tom sprang to his feet.
Tom spent the last years of his life in Boston.
Tom spent most days begging for money in front of tourist attractions.
Tom spent a week in Boston.
Tom spent a lot of time trying to learn how to play the French horn.
Tom spends most of his money on food.
Tom speaks French so badly that he is often misunderstood.
Tom speaks French fairly well, doesn't he?
Tom speaks French better than I do.
Tom speaks French better than any of the other students in his class.
Tom speaks five languages, but doesn't know how to be polite in any of them.
Tom sometimes says things he doesn't really believe.
Tom snuck out and had a few beers with the guys.
Tom slipped quietly into his clothes and tiptoed out of the room.
Tom sliced the banana with a knife.
Tom slept under mosquito netting.
Tom slept like a log all night and most of the next day.
Tom shut himself up in his room.
Tom shut himself up in his bedroom.
Tom showed up early so he could get a good seat.
Tom showed up at about 2:30.
Tom showed me how to make spaghetti.
Tom showed me a picture of the food they had eaten.
Tom shouldn't have said such a thing.
Tom should take an umbrella because it looks like rain.
Tom should have left earlier.
Tom should have been more careful.
Tom should go to the gym.
Tom should go to bed early tonight since he has a test tomorrow.
Tom should go see a doctor.
Tom should definitely visit an art museum or two while he's in France.
Tom should consult an expert.
Tom should be out of the hospital by next Saturday.
Tom should be home by now, but he's still at his office.
Tom should be back by 2:30.
Tom should be back before 2:30.
Tom shot himself in the leg accidentally.
Tom shared a well with his neighbor.
Tom shared a large number of ideas with the committee.
Tom sells T-shirts at a 30 percent discount.
Tom seldom wins arguments.
Tom seldom goes out on Monday.
Tom seldom eats red meat.
Tom seldom bothers to comb his hair.
Tom seems to be sleeping.
Tom seems to have lost his passport.
Tom seems to hardly ever get his homework done on time.
Tom seems to catch the flu every year.
Tom seems to be very excited.
Tom seems to be much taller than he used to be.
Tom seems to be hard up for food.
Tom seems to be depressed.
Tom seems to be busy all the time.
Tom seems to be asleep.
Tom seems to be a good guitarist.
Tom seems to be a friendly person.
Tom seems to always say the right thing at the right time.
Tom seems to always be running into people he knows.
Tom seems to always be busy.
Tom seemed to enjoy himself at the party last night.
Tom seemed to be somewhat disappointed.
Tom screamed for help.
Tom screamed at the top of his lungs.
Tom scarcely ever gets any exercise.
Tom says you should always tell the truth.
Tom says we can park on either side of the street.
Tom says that recently he isn't able to get enough sleep.
Tom says that learning a foreign language is hard.
Tom says that he's tired.
Tom says that he's fed up with this hot weather.
Tom says that he's a creature of habit.
Tom says that he'll be at the meeting tomorrow.
Tom says that he wants to be buried here.
Tom says that he never dreams.
Tom says that he hasn't made up his mind yet.
Tom says that he has the perfect marriage.
Tom says that he doesn't like children.
Tom says that he doesn't feel like jogging.
Tom says that he doesn't feel like going out.
Tom says that he doesn't feel like drinking beer tonight.
Tom says that he detests war.
Tom says that he can't imagine going out in this weather.
Tom says that he can't eat any more.
Tom says that he can drink a whole bottle of whiskey without getting drunk.
Tom says that he can be here by 2:30.
Tom says it's a waste of time to try to please everybody.
Tom says he's having trouble with his computer.
Tom says he is rich.
Tom says he eats more when he's sad.
Tom says he can't walk another step.
Tom says he can't wait any longer.
Tom says he can't put up with this noise any longer.
Tom says he can't put up with the heat any longer.
Tom says he can't ignore the smell any longer.
Tom says he can't ignore the noise any longer.
Tom says he can trace his ancestors back about 300 years.
Tom sat in the front row.
Tom said that we weren't allowed to take photographs in this museum.
Tom said that nothing like that would ever happen again.
Tom said that neither one of his parents had ever been to Boston.
Tom said that I could spend the night at his place.
Tom said that he'd make it on time.
Tom said that he'd give me thirty dollars if I ate an earthworm.
Tom said that he would come.
Tom said that he was very interested in archery.
Tom said that he was innocent.
Tom said that he had eaten too much and didn't feel very good.
Tom said that he had eaten lunch with his friends.
Tom said that he feels much better today.
Tom said that he feels like going out.
Tom said that he could make it to the party.
Tom said that he did his homework by himself.
Tom said some things that didn't make sense.
Tom said jokingly that he was not very rich.
Tom said I was supposed to talk to you.
Tom said he'd never leave his wife.
Tom said he was willing to help us out.
Tom said he wanted to get out of town for a while.
Tom said he wanted me to spend the summer in Boston with him.
Tom said he liked what she had made for dinner, but he was only being polite.
Tom said he knew where the body was buried.
Tom said he just had to eat something right away.
Tom said he had eaten nothing, but that wasn't true.
Tom said he had an important call to make.
Tom said he had a stomachache and left the room.
Tom said he couldn't clean the pool tomorrow afternoon.
Tom said he can't eat that much food by himself.
Tom runs a company in Boston.
Tom rolled up the string and put it in his pocket.
Tom rode his motorcycle across America.
Tom ripped open the envelope.
Tom retraced his steps.
Tom rescued the dog from being eaten by the hungry soldiers.
Tom rented a tuxedo for the prom.
Tom renewed his driver's license three weeks ago.
Tom reminds me of someone I used to know in high school.
Tom reminds me of his father.
Tom remained poor all his life.
Tom regularly eats sushi with his mother.
Tom regrets what he did.
Tom refuses to buy anything made in China.
Tom refused to worry about the future.
Tom refused to settle down.
Tom refused to pay protection money.
Tom refused to give up.
Tom really loves playing the guitar, but he doesn't like singing.
Tom really is a nice guy!
Tom really gets on my nerves.
Tom really does talk a lot.
Tom really does swim well, doesn't he?
Tom really does hate dogs.
Tom really does detest giving speeches in front of large audiences.
Tom realized that he had lost his wallet.
Tom read anything he could lay his hands on.
Tom ran out of water.
Tom ran out of time.
Tom ran out of the room.
Tom ran out of money.
Tom ran out of food.
Tom ran into the room.
Tom ran into the house.
Tom ran for mayor.
Tom ran down the stairs.
Tom ran as fast as he could to escape from the angry bear.
Tom ran as fast as he could hoping that he wouldn't miss the train.
Tom raised his voice.
Tom raised his son without any help.
Tom quite often exaggerates.
Tom quite often eats out.
Tom quit smoking.
Tom quit his job last week.
Tom puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee.
Tom put up with the pain for a couple of weeks before finally going to the hospital.
Tom put together one million dollars in unmarked, used bills as the kidnappers had told him to do.
Tom put the new tablecloth he had just bought on the table.
Tom put the key into his pocket.
Tom put the food on the table and told everyone to start eating.
Tom put new strings on the old guitar that he had just bought.
Tom put new pedals on the bicycle that he rides to school.
Tom put his hat on and went outside.
Tom put his bags in the trunk, then hopped in the car and drove off.
Tom put down his pen.
Tom put away his clothes.
Tom put all his money in a box and hid it under his bed.
Tom pushed the door shut.
Tom pushed the door open.
Tom pumped up the tire.
Tom promised to come, but hasn't showed up yet.
Tom promised never to be late again.
Tom's problem is that he lives in his own bubble.
Tom pressed his ear against the wall to see if he could hear what his parents were discussing in the next room.
Tom prepared dinner by himself.
Tom prefers to eat French fries with ketchup.
Tom prefers speaking French.
Tom predicted our success.
Tom prayed to God for help.
Tom practices playing the bassoon every day.
Tom poured cold water over himself to wake himself up.
Tom postponed his trip to Boston.
Tom pointed towards the mountain.
Tom plugged in the radio and turned it on.
Tom plays the vibraphone exceptionally well.
Tom plays the harmonica by ear.
Tom played the piano for three hours without taking a break.
Tom played Reveille on his bugle every morning.
Tom played an old Irish song on his new French horn.
Tom played a Spanish folk tune on his English horn at a Chinese restaurant in France.
Tom planted three apple trees in his yard.
Tom planted some explosives near the middle of the bridge.
Tom plans to stay here until it stops raining.
Tom plans to go to Boston next week.
Tom plans to go in spite of the bad weather.
Tom picked up the coins that had fallen behind the sofa.
Tom picked up that habit from his father.
Tom passed the test he took last Monday.
Tom passed his driving test on his first attempt.
Tom owns a lot of land just outside of Boston.
Tom overslept and missed the bus he usually rides.
Tom ought to know better at his age.
Tom opposed the plan.
Tom opened the window to get some fresh air.
Tom opened the door, even though I asked him not to.
Tom opened his eyes.
Tom only spent three dollars for his lunch.
Tom only slept for three hours last night.
Tom only has a slight foreign accent.
Tom only glanced at the headlines.
Tom only eats organic food.
Tom only eats lean meats and vegetables.
Tom often watches TV while eating dinner.
Tom often talks to his dog.
Tom often stays up most of the night.
Tom often skips meals.
Tom often sits in front of his computer all day.
Tom often munches on snacks while watching TV.
Tom often makes mistakes.
Tom often lies about his age.
Tom often has nightmares.
Tom often goes to Boston.
Tom often gets ear infections.
Tom often eats Thai food.
Tom often eats in bed.
Tom often drives too fast.
Tom often breaks promises.
Tom often acts like a baby when he can't get his way.
Tom objected to being treated like a child.
Tom noticed that his hands weren't clean.
Tom never works on Sunday.
Tom never talks about his job.
Tom never speaks unless spoken to.
Tom never seems to know what to say.
Tom never quarrels with his wife in public.
Tom never makes his bed.
Tom never goes anywhere by himself.
Tom never felt comfortable expressing his own opinion.
Tom never eats quiche.
Tom never drinks beer at home.
Tom never dates older women.
Tom neither confirmed nor denied the rumors.
Tom needs to update his website.
Tom needs to study more if he hopes to pass this class.
Tom needs to renew his passport before the fifteenth of next month.
Tom needs to make an urgent telephone call.
Tom needs to get some sleep.
Tom needs to get more exercise.
Tom needs to get into shape.
Tom needs to find an apartment not too far from where he works.
Tom needs to face the facts.
Tom needs to buy a new raincoat.
Tom needs someone to talk to.
Tom needs somebody to help him.
Tom needs at least nine hours of sleep every night or he can't function.
Tom needs a sharp knife.
Tom needs a new pair of glasses.
Tom needs a job.
Tom needs a dry towel.
Tom needed someone to help him.
Tom needed some time to think things over.
Tom nearly died after eating some raw liver.
Tom must have been at home at that time.
Tom must decide what to do right away.
Tom must consider carefully whether he really wants a divorce or not.
Tom must choose the second-best policy according to the circumstances.
Tom must choose between honor and death.
Tom has to change his shirt.
Tom must buy a pair of shoes. His old ones are all worn out.
Tom must be well off. He drives a very nice car.
Tom must be very happy after winning the race.
Tom must be tired after working all day in the hot sun.
Tom must be thirty or so.
Tom must be over thirty.
Tom must be over thirty by now.
Tom must be nearly thirty.
Tom must be more careful from now on.
Tom must be home by 2:30.
Tom must be from Boston.
Tom must be at least thirty years old.
Tom must be about thirty.
Tom moved to Boston three years ago.
Tom moved to a company that offered him a higher salary.
Tom mistakenly ate his entree with his salad fork.
Tom missed the last train.
Tom mispronounces many words.
Tom might possibly know the answer.
Tom might not know the answer.
Tom might not be as happy as he looks.
Tom might be able to help you.
Tom might be able to do that, but I doubt it.
Tom met with an unfortunate accident.
Tom mentioned that it was about time to leave.
Tom may use my video camera if he wants to.
Tom may use my video camera if he likes.
Tom may use my bicycle whenever he wants.
Tom may possibly be lying about that.
Tom may not come.
Tom may have been there. I don't know.
Tom may have been sleeping at the time.
Tom may eat wherever he wants to.
Tom may eat whenever he wants to.
Tom may eat whatever he wants to.
Tom may do whatever he likes with what I gave him.
Tom may do as he likes.
Tom may come and visit me any time he wants to.
Tom may choose whichever color he likes.
Tom may borrow my car any afternoon next week.
Tom may be under thirty.
Tom may be the only one who can solve this problem.
Tom managed to sell his car for a lot of money.
Tom managed to finish the work without any help.
Tom managed to escape from the room where his kidnappers had kept him locked up.
Tom managed a small bar near Boston for quite a few years.
Tom makes it a rule to meditate every morning.
Tom makes it a rule not to eat after 8:00 p.m.
Tom makes a living as a traveling salesman.
Tom makes a good living.
Tom makes $900 a week working at a resort hotel.
Tom majored in psychology.
Tom majored in business.
Tom made up his mind to become a newspaperman.
Tom made up his mind to become a teacher.
Tom made up his mind to be a helicopter pilot.
Tom made thirty thousand dollars last month.
Tom made the baseball team.
Tom made sure that his children ate everything on their plates.
Tom made me look through his photo album.
Tom made many mistakes.
Tom made it on time.
Tom made his servants eat in the dark.
Tom made himself a peanut butter sandwich for lunch.
Tom made enough soup to serve twenty people.
Tom made enough sandwiches to feed everyone.
Tom made a wise decision.
Tom made a reservation for three days at the Hilton Hotel.
Tom made a mistake.
Tom made a list of things he wanted to do before he died.
Tom made a list of things he needs to buy.
Tom made a list of songs he doesn't like.
Tom made a list of places he wants to visit.
Tom made a good speech.
Tom made a frantic attempt to finish painting the fence before dark.
Tom made a fool of himself.
Tom made a few serious mistakes.
Tom made a few mistakes on the test.
Tom made a complete fool of himself.
Tom made a big mistake.
Tom loves zombie movies and watches them whenever he can.
Tom loves to bully younger students.
Tom loves taking trips.
Tom loves singing.
Tom loves fried chicken.
Tom loves fishing.
Tom loves coming here since he thinks this place serves the only fast food worth eating.
Tom loves being outdoors.
Tom lost the shopping list his mother had given him and just bought things he wanted to eat.
Tom lost the key to his dorm room.
Tom lost interest in his job.
Tom lost his way.
Tom lost his way in the woods.
Tom lost his voice.
Tom lost his memory.
Tom lost all of his money.
Tom loses his temper easily.
Tom looks young.
Tom looks worried.
Tom looks very happy.
Tom looks tired. Please take him home.
Tom looks tired.
Tom looks the same as before.
Tom looks strong.
Tom looks sad.
Tom looks older than he really is.
Tom looks much better now.
Tom looks healthier than he used to.
Tom looks happy today.
Tom looks funny wearing those shoes.
Tom looks dignified.
Tom looks bored.
Tom looked very happy.
Tom looked lonely.
Tom looked happy.
Tom looked at himself in the mirror.
Tom looked as if he hadn't eaten for days.
Tom looked around the room for his keys.
Tom looked very tired when I saw him yesterday.
Tom locked himself out of his house.
Tom locked himself in the bathroom.
Tom locked himself in the bathroom and started to cry.
Tom lives with his parents.
Tom lives somewhere around here.
Tom lives on the third floor of this apartment building.
Tom lives in a three-bedroom house on the outskirts of Boston.
Tom lives in a house without running water.
Tom lives from hand to mouth.
Tom lives around here somewhere.
Tom lived with his uncle in Boston while going to college.
Tom lived to be 97.
Tom lived to be 97 years old.
Tom lived in that small house for a little over ten years.
Tom lived in an interesting part of Boston.
Tom lived in a tent next to the river while he attended summer school.
Tom lived here three years ago.
Tom listens to the radio while eating breakfast.
Tom listened to music in his room until late at night.
Tom likes watching TV in the evening.
Tom likes vanilla ice cream.
Tom likes to write poems and song lyrics.
Tom likes to sit up front.
Tom likes to do almost everything by himself.
Tom likes to be mysterious.
Tom likes taking walks by himself.
Tom likes oranges and eats three or four a week.
Tom likes listening to the radio when he's driving.
Tom likes lacrosse.
Tom likes dogs better than cats.
Tom likes coffee better than tea.
Tom likes chocolate very much.
Tom likes camping on the beach.
Tom likes Boston better than any other place he's lived.
Tom likes being alone.
Tom likes listening to American English the most, but he also likes the sound of Irish English.
Tom let the cat out.
Tom let out a deep breath.
Tom let me down.
Tom left without saying goodbye.
Tom left to go fishing shortly before dawn.
Tom left three days ago.
Tom left the window open.
Tom left the room without saying a word to anyone.
Tom left the house with his briefcase.
Tom left the house to his son.
Tom left the house after eating lunch.
Tom left the house after breakfast.
Tom left the door unlocked.
Tom left the door open.
Tom left the city late that night to avoid getting arrested.
Tom left nothing to chance.
Tom left his work half done so he could get to the station in time.
Tom left his wife at home with the children.
Tom left his umbrella on the bus.
Tom left his textbook in the car.
Tom left his son a fortune.
Tom left his house before dawn.
Tom left his briefcase on his desk.
Tom left at midnight.
Tom left a few minutes ago.
Tom learned to swim last summer.
Tom learned how to swim when he was three.
Tom learned French while living in Quebec.
Tom leaned against the wall.
Tom leafed through the magazine that was on the coffee table.
Tom lay awake all night.
Tom lacks motivation.
Tom lacks experience.
Tom knows who killed his dog.
Tom knows who killed his dog, but he won't tell us.
Tom knows where to go to get the best prices.
Tom knows where the money is hidden.
Tom knows some French.
Tom knows how to play the viola.
Tom knows how to fly a helicopter.
Tom knows everything there is to know about Italian cars.
Tom knows everything there is to know about cars.
Tom knows Boston well.
Tom knows a woman who doesn't like to eat chocolate.
Tom knows a shortcut.
Tom knows a man who lives in Boston.
Tom knows a lot of people.
Tom knows a lot about computers.
Tom knows a lot about American history.
Tom knows a good Chinese restaurant not too far from his office.
Tom knows a girl who can speak French quite well.
Tom knows a few magic tricks.
Tom knows a boy who can ride a unicycle.
Tom knocked on the door.
Tom knew where to go.
Tom knew what was hidden in the cave.
Tom knew the truth, but he didn't let anyone know that he knew it.
Tom knew that salads were healthy, so he ate at least one salad a day.
Tom kicked the ball.
Tom kept the secret to himself.
Tom kept silent about his crime for years.
Tom kept me waiting for more than 30 minutes.
Tom kept his hat on to hide his baldness.
Tom kept a list of all the food he'd eaten that week.
Tom keeps every letter his mother sends him.
Tom keeps an extra pair of shoes in the trunk of his car.
Tom keeps a spare key hidden in his garden.
Tom keeps a pair of binoculars in the glove compartment of his car.
Tom keeps a diary.
Tom keeps a diary in French.
Tom just got up and still isn't quite awake.
Tom just got out of the bath and his hair is still wet.
Tom just can't make up his mind.
Tom just barely managed to earn enough money to pay the rent.
Tom just barely earns enough to live on.
Tom jumped to his feet.
Tom jumped out of the tree.
Tom jumped out of bed as soon as the alarm clock went off.
Tom jumped into the lake.
Tom jumped into the cold water.
Tom jumped across the mud puddle.
Tom jogs three times a week.
Tom isn't afraid of death.
Tom isn't your average guy. He doesn't like things most guys like and he doesn't like to do things most men enjoy doing.
Tom isn't yet ready to receive visitors.
Tom isn't well today.
Tom isn't watching TV now. He's sleeping.
Tom isn't very sociable.
Tom isn't very open to criticism.
Tom isn't very good at sports.
Tom isn't very different from anybody else.
Tom isn't up yet.
Tom isn't the man he used to be.
Tom isn't the least bit worried about the weather.
Tom isn't the kind of person who blames others for his mistakes.
Tom isn't the guitarist he used to be.
Tom isn't tall.
Tom isn't sure yet whether he'll go or not.
Tom isn't sure whether he locked the door.
Tom isn't supposed to smoke at work, but he does.
Tom isn't stupid.
Tom isn't studying French now.
Tom isn't strict enough with his students.
Tom isn't so tall.
Tom isn't ready yet.
Tom isn't qualified to teach high school.
Tom isn't old enough to understand this.
Tom isn't much to look at.
Tom isn't much of an athlete.
Tom isn't much of a singer.
Tom isn't married.
Tom isn't lonely now.
Tom isn't interested in politics at all.
Tom isn't himself today.
Tom isn't here.
Tom isn't here, so I'm really sad.
Tom isn't here yet.
Tom isn't here yet, but we expect him soon.
Tom isn't here now.
Tom isn't here at the moment.
Tom isn't good at sports.
Tom isn't good at math.
Tom isn't going anywhere this afternoon.
Tom isn't feeling well.
Tom isn't familiar with that subject.
Tom isn't easily surprised.
Tom isn't doing much business during these bad economic times.
Tom isn't cut out to be a teacher.
Tom isn't cold at all.
Tom isn't certain about the answer.
Tom isn't available at the moment.
Tom isn't at home now.
Tom isn't at all selfish.
Tom isn't as young as I am.
Tom isn't as young as he looks.
Tom isn't as tall as I am.
Tom isn't as stupid as he looks.
Tom isn't as strong as before.
Tom isn't as smart as he looks.
Tom isn't as old as I am.
Tom isn't as old as he looks.
Tom isn't as healthy as he used to be.
Tom isn't as good at French as he thinks he is.
Tom isn't as good a golfer as he says he is.
Tom isn't always late, but he often is.
Tom isn't all that honest.
Tom isn't afraid to fail.
Tom isn't afraid of snakes, even poisonous ones.
Tom isn't afraid of anything.
Tom isn't accustomed to walking barefooted.
Tom isn't able to drive yet.
Tom isn't a morning person.
Tom isn't a man of many words.
Tom isn't a Japanese citizen.
Tom isn't a good cook.
Tom isn't a fool.
Tom isn't a fluent speaker of French.
Tom isn't a crook.
Tom isn't a bad person.
Tom is wrong.
Tom is writing a novel now.
Tom is worried about losing his job.
Tom is working on another novel.
Tom is wondering about what to do next.
Tom is willing to do that for you.
Tom is willing to do almost anything for money.
Tom is well paid for the work he does.
Tom is well aware of the problem.
Tom is wearing a heavy coat and gloves.
Tom is wanted by the FBI for kidnapping.
Tom is waiting to see what will happen.
Tom is waiting to see how things will develop.
Tom is waiting for you inside.
Tom is waiting for you at the front door.
Tom is very tired.
Tom is very tall.
Tom is very stingy.
Tom is very smart.
Tom is very sleepy, because he didn't sleep well last night.
Tom is very romantic.
Tom is very proud of both his son and his daughter.
Tom is very particular about what he eats.
Tom is very old.
Tom is very nice to me.
Tom is very knowledgeable about Japanese art.
Tom is very interested in water sports.
Tom is very interested in learning French.
Tom is very interested in jazz.
Tom is very hungry.
Tom is very hardworking.
Tom is very handsome.
Tom is very good at playing songs by Eric Clapton.
Tom is very glad that school is over.
Tom is very fussy about what he eats.
Tom is very dexterous.
Tom is very busy right now.
Tom is very busy at this time.
Tom is usually drunk by this time of day.
Tom is usually at home on Sunday evenings.
Tom is used to living alone.
Tom is used to hard work.
Tom is used to getting up early.
Tom is used to driving a pickup truck, but he's never driven one of those really big trucks.
Tom is used to doing his own cooking.
Tom is used to cooking on a campfire.
Tom is up to his neck in debt.
Tom is up for a promotion.
Tom is unsociable.
Tom is unqualified for that job.
Tom is unpopular.
Tom is unmarried.
Tom is unlikely to come by himself.
Tom is unfit for that job.
Tom is under pressure to find a solution to this problem.
Tom is trying to lose weight.
Tom is trying to learn French.
Tom is trying to do the impossible.
Tom is trying to avoid drinks with sugar.
Tom is too young to travel alone.
Tom is too young to go there by himself.
Tom is too young to drink.
Tom is too young to apply for the job.
Tom is too tired to study.
Tom is too lenient with his students.
Tom is too drunk to drive. Could you take him home?
Tom is too busy to go today.
Tom is too busy now to talk to you.
Tom is three years old now.
Tom is three months behind in paying his rent.
Tom is thirty-one.
Tom is thirty years old.
Tom is thirty at most.
Tom is thinking of selling his house.
Tom is thinking of going to Boston next spring.
Tom is the youngest child in his family.
Tom is the very best person for the job.
Tom is the same age as I am.
Tom is the right man for the job.
Tom is the perfect son.
Tom is the perfect gentleman.
Tom is the perfect father.
Tom is the owner of a supermarket.
Tom is the only witness to the crime.
Tom is the only person who can help me.
Tom is the only person who can do this job.
Tom is the only one here that can do this.
Tom is the only man in the world that is likely to break that record.
Tom is the only man in the world that can pull this off.
Tom is the one who usually ends up feeding our dog.
Tom is the one who should be blamed for the failure.
Tom is the next in line for promotion.
Tom is the most influential man in Boston.
Tom is the legal owner of this piece of land.
Tom is the last person I want to see right now.
Tom is the kind of man I like.
Tom is the kind of guy that argues for fun.
Tom is the father of three children.
Tom is the father of the bride.
Tom is the captain of our team.
Tom is the black sheep of the family.
Tom is the black sheep of his family.
Tom is the best man for the job.
Tom is terribly busy at this time.
Tom is tall.
Tom is taking a couple of days off next week.
Tom is taking a bath now.
Tom is swamped with work.
Tom is sure to be fired.
Tom is sure to accomplish whatever he sets out to do.
Tom is supposed to go to Boston next week.
Tom is supposed to be in Boston by now.
Tom is supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom is sufficiently well off to buy a house anywhere he wants.
Tom is suffering from a cold.
Tom is studying to be a mechanical engineer.
Tom is studying French.
Tom is still uncertain about whether to go to college or not.
Tom is still too young to drink beer.
Tom is still out of the town.
Tom is still just as poor as he used to be.
Tom is still just as handsome as he used to be.
Tom is still just as friendly as he used to be.
Tom is still just a boy.
Tom is still in his teens.
Tom is still in Boston.
Tom is still in bed.
Tom is still dependent on his parents.
Tom is still being held captive.
Tom is still a prisoner.
Tom is spraying his garden.
Tom is smart.
Tom is slightly under the weather today.
Tom is sick.
Tom is short.
Tom is shopping for a heavy coat.
Tom is seldom late.
Tom is seldom late for school.
Tom is seldom late for appointments.
Tom is scheduled to give a concert in Boston on October 20th.
Tom is running short of money.
Tom is right-handed.
Tom is responsible for this accident.
Tom is really sorry.
Tom is really good at memorizing songs.
Tom is ready to settle down and start a family.
Tom is ready to resort to violence in order to get what he wants.
Tom is ready for a fight.
Tom is reading a novel by Sidney Sheldon now.
Tom is rarely late.
Tom is rarely late for appointments.
Tom is quite often late for school.
Tom is quite knowledgeable about modern popular music.
Tom is quite good at cooking.
Tom is quiet.
Tom is qualified to be a heart surgeon.
Tom is probably lost.
Tom is pretty sure that he can't become pregnant.
Tom is pretty sure everything will go well.
Tom is prepared for whatever may happen.
Tom is prepared for anything that may happen.
Tom is prepared for any emergency.
Tom is positive that he isn't wrong.
Tom is poor.
Tom is planning to redecorate his bedroom.
Tom is perfectly satisfied with his current salary.
Tom is patient.
Tom is past thirty.
Tom is out of work.
Tom is out of work now.
Tom is out of work at this time.
Tom is out of the country.
Tom is out of his mind.
Tom is out of breath and needs to take a break.
Tom is out now.
Tom is out at the moment.
Tom is only a beginner.
Tom is one of the most talented people I know.
Tom is one of the most respected men in the business world.
Tom is one of the few people I can trust.
Tom is on the night shift this week.
Tom is on the day shift this month.
Tom is on the committee in charge of the event.
Tom is on the baseball team.
Tom is on his way home.
Tom is on his own now.
Tom is on duty now.
Tom is on a low-fat, high-protein diet.
Tom is old enough to vote.
Tom is old enough to know right from wrong.
Tom is old enough to know better.
Tom is old enough to drive.
Tom is often late for work.
Tom is often late for school.
Tom is often absent from school.
Tom is off duty today.
Tom is now in police custody.
Tom is now in his prime.
Tom is nothing but trouble.
Tom is no longer studying French.
Tom is no longer our prime suspect.
Tom is no longer my friend.
Tom is no longer living in Boston.
Tom is no longer a student here.
Tom is never satisfied.
Tom is never on time.
Tom is never late for school.
Tom is nervous.
Tom is much younger than he looks.
Tom is much surprised at the news.
Tom is much older than I am.
Tom is much older than he looks.
Tom is moving out of town at the end of this month.
Tom is mistaken if he thinks that he can always have his own way.
Tom is married and has three children.
Tom is making vacation plans now.
Tom is making great progress in French.
Tom is majoring in architecture.
Tom is lying on the sofa watching TV.
Tom is lying on the grass under an apple tree.
Tom is loyal to his wife.
Tom is looking into the situation.
Tom is looking forward to Christmas.
Tom is looking for someone to help him build a wall.
Tom is looking for his glasses.
Tom is looking for a suitable place to hold the meeting.
Tom is looking for a reasonably-priced used car.
Tom is living in Boston.
Tom is likely to end up in prison if he doesn't straighten up.
Tom is likely to arrive before 2:30.
Tom is left-handed, but he writes with his right hand.
Tom is leaving on a trip on Friday.
Tom is leaving for India next Friday.
Tom is learning to write programs in JavaScript.
Tom is learning how to play the piccolo.
Tom is learning French.
Tom is lazy.
Tom is kind of tired. He wants to go home.
Tom is just the man I've been looking for.
Tom is just a kid.
Tom is irritating because he always has to have the last word in any argument.
Tom is irritating because he always has to have his own way.
Tom is interested in many things.
Tom is interested in French music.
Tom is interested in French literature.
Tom is interested in French history.
Tom is intelligent.
Tom is in very good health.
Tom is in the prime of his life.
Tom is in prison.
Tom is in need of help.
Tom is in his room now.
Tom is in his office.
Tom is in his late thirties.
Tom is in his early thirties.
Tom is in good health.
Tom is in danger of failing this class.
Tom is in bed with the flu.
Tom is in bad shape these days.
Tom is in a lot of pain, but he says that he can take it.
Tom is in a bad mood today.
Tom is in a bad mood this morning.
Tom is hunting for a job.
Tom is hoping that he can hitch a ride to Boston.
Tom is his usual self today.
Tom is his own worst enemy.
Tom is having trouble making ends meet.
Tom is having trouble dealing with his son's suicide.
Tom is having trouble coping with the fact that his son committed suicide.
Tom is having a hard time deciding what to wear to the party.
Tom is having a bit of trouble with his new car.
Tom is hardly ever late for appointments.
Tom is hard up for money.
Tom is hard to please.
Tom is hard to get along with.
Tom is hard to deal with.
Tom is hard of hearing.
Tom is happy.
Tom is grown up now.
Tom is growing a beard.
Tom is good with his hands and has built many interesting things.
Tom is good at swimming.
Tom is good at speaking French.
Tom is good at skiing.
Tom is good at singing.
Tom is good at rugby.
Tom is good at driving.
Tom is good at avoiding fights.
Tom is going to put his house up for sale.
Tom is going to get divorced.
Tom is going to buy a new car next weekend.
Tom is going to be thirty next year.
Tom is going on thirty.
Tom is glad the school year is finally over.
Tom is giving a concert at the end of this month.
Tom is given a bonus three times a year.
Tom is getting rid of his old car.
Tom is generous with his time.
Tom is generous with his money.
Tom is fully aware of the problem.
Tom is full of hope.
Tom is from Boston, but now he lives in Chicago.
Tom is from Boston.
Tom is fatter now than when I last saw him.
Tom is facing financial problems.
Tom is facing a few serious problems.
Tom is extremely busy now.
Tom is expected to arrive momentarily.
Tom is expected to arrive any minute now.
Tom is excited about the upcoming game.
Tom is embarrassed by what he did.
Tom is easygoing.
Tom is easy to talk to.
Tom is easy to get along with.
Tom is eager to live in Boston.
Tom is eager to go to Boston.
Tom is due to arrive here soon.
Tom is drawing a picture of a small boy and his dog.
Tom is down with a cold.
Tom is divorced.
Tom is deaf in the left ear.
Tom is deaf in one ear.
Tom is currently working on that problem.
Tom is convinced that his mother doesn't want to eat now.
Tom is completely wrong for the job.
Tom is coming to the party, too.
Tom is close to thirty.
Tom is certainly over thirty.
Tom is certain to come on time.
Tom is capable of doing it.
Tom is by far the best singer performing at this club.
Tom is bound to lose the race.
Tom is boiling the potatoes to make potato salad.
Tom is blind in one eye.
Tom is better off than he was this time last year.
Tom is better off than he used to be.
Tom is being hunted by the police.
Tom is being charged with murder.
Tom is behind in his rent.
Tom is banned from entering this building.
Tom is bald.
Tom is aware of the danger.
Tom is at the top of his class.
Tom is at home almost every evening.
Tom is at his desk.
Tom is asleep.
Tom is as healthy as ever.
Tom is apt to go to extremes.
Tom is an impulsive buyer.
Tom is an excellent skier.
Tom is an established writer.
Tom is an effective salesman.
Tom is an amateur.
Tom is an accountant.
Tom is ambidextrous.
Tom is always trying to make everybody think he's cool.
Tom is always trying to be cool.
Tom is always on my mind.
Tom is always in a hurry.
Tom is always complaining about one thing or another.
Tom is always complaining about his wife.
Tom is always complaining about his job.
Tom is always busy.
Tom is already married.
Tom is almost never late.
Tom is almost never late for appointments.
Tom is almost always cheerful.
Tom is almost always at home on Sundays.
Tom is allergic to peanuts.
Tom is all alone with no one to talk to.
Tom is against smoking.
Tom is afraid to go out alone at night.
Tom is afraid of the dark.
Tom is afraid of snakes.
Tom is afraid of heights.
Tom is afraid of dying.
Tom is afraid of dogs.
Tom is afraid of commitment.
Tom is accustomed to working outside.
Tom is about to leave.
Tom is able to come to our party tomorrow.
Tom is a workaholic.
Tom is a wonderful artist.
Tom is a well-known painter.
Tom is a wealthy man.
Tom is a veteran.
Tom is a very talented musician.
Tom is a very strong man.
Tom is a very strange person.
Tom is a very smart boy.
Tom is a very perceptive man.
Tom is a very patient man.
Tom is a very outgoing person.
Tom is a very lazy boy.
Tom is a very kind and generous man.
Tom is a very good friend.
Tom is a very fast swimmer.
Tom is a very effective speaker.
Tom is a very careful driver.
Tom is a very busy person.
Tom is a very able teacher.
Tom is a typical Canadian.
Tom is a true man.
Tom is a truck driver.
Tom is a thief.
Tom is a stranger here.
Tom is a smooth talker.
Tom is a slow walker.
Tom is a sloppy painter.
Tom is a skillful carpenter.
Tom is a shy boy.
Tom is a self-educated man.
Tom is a scientist.
Tom is a rude person.
Tom is a reporter.
Tom is a reckless driver.
Tom is a really nice guy.
Tom is a really good singer-songwriter.
Tom is a promising young man.
Tom is a pretty amazing person.
Tom is a picky eater and seldom tries anything new.
Tom is a new student.
Tom is a native speaker of French.
Tom is a Muslim.
Tom is a man you can rely on.
Tom is a man who can be trusted.
Tom is a man of his word.
Tom is a man of few words.
Tom is a man of few wants.
Tom is a little over thirty.
Tom is a househusband.
Tom is a high school dropout.
Tom is a hard man to deal with.
Tom is a handsome man.
Tom is a good swimmer.
Tom is a good student.
Tom is a good singer.
Tom is a good listener.
Tom is a good guitarist.
Tom is a good friend of mine.
Tom is a good French speaker.
Tom is a good driver.
Tom is a good customer.
Tom is a good chess player.
Tom is a good athlete.
Tom is a fussy eater.
Tom is a friend of a friend of mine.
Tom is a fast runner.
Tom is a fast driver.
Tom is a fairly decent golfer.
Tom is a detective.
Tom is a dependable person.
Tom is a computer programmer.
Tom is a compulsive gambler.
Tom is a college student.
Tom is a Christian.
Tom is a Canadian citizen.
Tom is a bundle of nerves.
Tom is a brave man.
Tom is a bit busy, so he can't help you today.
Tom is a big eater.
Tom is a beginner.
Tom is a bad driver.
Tom is a bad cook.
Tom is a bad boy.
Tom is a bachelor.
Tom is a 33-year-old man.
Tom ironed his shirt.
Tom intends to stay in Boston for three days.
Tom intends to become a journalist.
Tom intended to visit Boston last month.
Tom insists on eating fruit every day.
Tom insisted on paying the bill.
Tom injured himself when he jumped out of the window.
Tom hurt his leg while playing football.
Tom hurt his knee when he fell down.
Tom hung the three pairs of wet jeans on the clothesline.
Tom hung his coat on one of the hooks near the door.
Tom hung a dark curtain over the window.
Tom hopes that it'll be fine tomorrow.
Tom hopes that it doesn't snow tomorrow.
Tom hopes he doesn't flunk out of school.
Tom hopes he didn't botch the job.
Tom hoped the rain would stop before he had to walk home.
Tom hid under the bed.
Tom hid some papers behind his back.
Tom hid his money under his mattress.
Tom hid himself behind the curtain.
Tom hid behind the door.
Tom hesitated to bring up the subject.
Tom helped his son get dressed.
Tom held his breath.
Tom heard the sound of rain on the tin roof.
Tom heard the door open.
Tom heard someone running down the hall.
Tom heard a knock at the door.
Tom hates to admit that he's a member of the older generation.
Tom hates his job.
Tom hasn't yet heard anything definite about whether he got into Harvard or not.
Tom hasn't lost any weight even though he says he's been dieting.
Tom hasn't heard from him for several months.
Tom hasn't got much money with him.
Tom hasn't finished his homework yet.
Tom hasn't finished all his homework yet.
Tom hasn't even started studying for the exam yet.
Tom hasn't done anything to be ashamed of.
Tom hasn't cleaned the kitchen yet.
Tom hasn't bought a new pair of shoes in three years.
Tom hasn't been sick in a long time.
Tom hasn't been busy for three days.
Tom hasn't been able to go to school for three weeks.
Tom has written three novels.
Tom has written three books.
Tom has waited for three hours.
Tom has visited Boston three times.
Tom has two sons. One is a doctor and the other is a lawyer.
Tom has two sons. Both of them live in Boston.
Tom has two girlfriends who don't know about each other.
Tom has turned thirty.
Tom has trouble judging distances.
Tom has trouble concentrating on one thing.
Tom has too much work to do.
Tom has to take the test again.
Tom has to take medicine every three hours.
Tom has to study hard and catch up with the other students in his class.
Tom has to look for a job.
Tom has to learn to relax.
Tom has to learn Japanese because he's going to Japan next year.
Tom has to have an operation on his back.
Tom has to go to work.
Tom has to go to the bank.
Tom has to go home now.
Tom has to go even if it rains.
Tom has to get up early.
Tom has to follow our rules.
Tom has to finish this work by 2:30.
Tom has to dress up for work.
Tom has to do a lot of things before noon.
Tom has to clean his room before 2:30.
Tom has to be there by 2:30.
Tom has to be home by 2:30.
Tom has to be careful about what he eats.
Tom has to be careful about what he eats at restaurants because he's allergic to many foods.
Tom has to be back home by 2:30.
Tom has three uncles.
Tom has three thousand yen in his pocket.
Tom has three thousand books.
Tom has three sons.
Tom has three pieces of baggage.
Tom has three pens in his pocket.
Tom has three older sisters.
Tom has three older brothers.
Tom has three nieces.
Tom has three months left until he graduates.
Tom has three million dollars in the bank.
Tom has three ex-wives.
Tom has three dogs.
Tom has three daughters.
Tom has three cousins.
Tom has three children.
Tom has three children to support.
Tom has three cats.
Tom has three cars.
Tom has three cameras.
Tom has three brothers.
Tom has three apple trees in his yard.
Tom has the right to vote.
Tom has the perfect alibi.
Tom has the knack of making people cry.
Tom has started to get a few wrinkles on his forehead.
Tom has something in his hand.
Tom has short hair.
Tom has run short of money.
Tom has returned from Boston.
Tom has quite a lot of money.
Tom has quite a career ahead of him.
Tom has put on some weight.
Tom has put his car up for sale.
Tom has poor eyesight.
Tom has plenty of money in the bank.
Tom has over three million dollars deposited in that bank.
Tom has only a week to decide.
Tom has nothing to complain about.
Tom has nothing better to do right now.
Tom has not yet been told of his father's death.
Tom has no sense of style.
Tom has no sense of shame.
Tom has no sense of humor.
Tom has no one to turn to for help.
Tom has no one to help him.
Tom has no objection to your plan.
Tom has no money in his pocket.
Tom has no interest in politics.
Tom has no interest in golf.
Tom has no intention of staying in Boston for the rest of his life.
Tom has no intention of going there by himself.
Tom has no idea where he left his keys.
Tom has no idea how much it will cost.
Tom has no idea how long it will take.
Tom has no desire to learn how to speak French.
Tom has no desire to go to Boston.
Tom has no conception of what it's like to be in love.
Tom has no common sense.
Tom has no classes at all on Monday.
Tom has no choice but to quit.
Tom has nice skin.
Tom has never seen a UFO.
Tom has never killed anybody.
Tom has never had much money.
Tom has never had a heart attack.
Tom has never gone to Boston.
Tom has never been to Boston.
Tom has more money than he knows what to do with.
Tom has money enough to buy the house he wants.
Tom has many things to do today.
Tom has many friends living in Boston.
Tom has made up his mind to go to Boston to study.
Tom has made plans for a trip to Boston.
Tom has low blood pressure.
Tom has lost weight recently.
Tom has lost interest in studying French.
Tom has lost his keys.
Tom has lost his job.
Tom has lost a lot of weight.
Tom has lost a lot of weight recently.
Tom has lived in Boston for a long time.
Tom has lived in Boston all his life.
Tom has lived alone ever since his wife died.
Tom has little chance of winning the election.
Tom has just returned from the post office.
Tom has just returned from Boston.
Tom has just finished washing dishes.
Tom has just come back from Boston.
Tom has his own bedroom.
Tom has high blood pressure.
Tom has hiccups.
Tom has heartburn.
Tom has hay fever.
Tom has had trouble with his left eye ever since the accident.
Tom has had trouble walking ever since he was six years old.
Tom has had a heart attack.
Tom has gotten older and he doesn't go out as often as he used to.
Tom has good reflexes.
Tom has good hearing.
Tom has good eyesight.
Tom has gone to Boston.
Tom has gone to Boston on urgent business.
Tom has gone to Boston on business.
Tom has gone mad.
Tom has gained a lot of weight recently.
Tom has found another job.
Tom has finished cleaning out the garage.
Tom has enough money to do whatever he wants to do.
Tom has decided to live in Boston for the rest of his life.
Tom has decided to keep a diary this year.
Tom has decided to go.
Tom has decided not to do anything about the matter.
Tom has changed his email address recently.
Tom has changed a lot since then.
Tom has changed a lot since the last time I saw him.
Tom has called me many times this past week.
Tom has brown hair.
Tom has blue eyes.
Tom has big hands.
Tom has been working in an investment bank for the last few years.
Tom has been warned more than once.
Tom has been waiting for slightly over an hour.
Tom has been trying to get rid of the mice in his house.
Tom has been trying to get a loan from a bank.
Tom has been to many places in and around Boston.
Tom has been to Boston only once.
Tom has been to Boston many times.
Tom has been taken into protective custody.
Tom has been suffering from a headache all day.
Tom has been studying in his room since dinner.
Tom has been studying French for three years.
Tom has been studying French for the last three years.
Tom has been studying French for about three years.
Tom has been sitting on the riverbank for hours.
Tom has been sick for a very long time.
Tom has been reading a book all afternoon.
Tom has been racking his brains for a solution to the problem.
Tom has been putting on weight recently.
Tom has been on a diet for three months.
Tom has been living in Boston for almost ten years.
Tom has been in the hospital for three months.
Tom has been in the hospital for a few months.
Tom has been in prison for three years.
Tom has been in Boston for a week.
Tom has been going to that beach every summer since he was very young.
Tom has been eating too much pork.
Tom has been dead for three years.
Tom has been busy all morning.
Tom has been avoiding me like the plague ever since he broke my glasses.
Tom has been avoiding me like the plague ever since he borrowed my car.
Tom has an uncle who is a banker.
Tom has an outgoing personality.
Tom has an aunt who is in prison.
Tom has an appointment at 2:30.
Tom has always had trouble reading between the lines.
Tom has already gone to bed.
Tom has already gone home.
Tom has already finished the book he started reading last night.
Tom has already finished breakfast.
Tom has already drunk three cups of coffee.
Tom has already achieved many of his goals.
Tom has accumulated a lot of junk.
Tom has a wife who's an alcoholic.
Tom has a very decent salary.
Tom has a toothache.
Tom has a tendency to talk too loudly.
Tom has a tendency to exaggerate.
Tom has a tattoo on his left arm.
Tom has a stuffed-up nose.
Tom has a strong sense of responsibility.
Tom has a stiff neck.
Tom has a son who is a dentist.
Tom has a son who is a construction worker.
Tom has a small farm just outside of Boston.
Tom has a sister who is a lawyer.
Tom has a right to know the truth.
Tom has a reputation for always being late.
Tom has a poor memory.
Tom has a pain in the shoulder.
Tom has a pain in his big toe on his right foot.
Tom has a nice smile.
Tom has a nice camera.
Tom has a new pair of sunglasses.
Tom has a low-pitched voice.
Tom has a loud voice.
Tom has a lot to learn.
Tom has a lot on his mind.
Tom has a lot of will power.
Tom has a lot of things to do this morning before he leaves the house.
Tom has a lot of religious books, but he has never read them.
Tom has a lot of patience.
Tom has a lot of money.
Tom has a lot of money in the bank.
Tom has a lot of homework to do this evening.
Tom has a lot of good ideas.
Tom has a lot of free time.
Tom has a lot more money than I have.
Tom has a house not too far from here.
Tom has a high-pitched voice.
Tom has a great sense of humor.
Tom has a good sense of humor.
Tom has a good memory.
Tom has a good head on his shoulders.
Tom has a good chance of winning the election.
Tom has a good chance of getting elected.
Tom has a funny way of laughing.
Tom has a friend whose mother is a veterinarian.
Tom has a friend whose father is an astronaut.
Tom has a friend who lives in Boston.
Tom has a friend who is a wrestling coach.
Tom has a friend living in Boston.
Tom has a few friends in Boston.
Tom has a dentist appointment at 2:30.
Tom has a degree in music education.
Tom has a deep voice.
Tom has a daughter who's married to an Australian.
Tom has a daughter who is a musician.
Tom has a daughter about your age.
Tom has a craving for chocolate ice cream.
Tom has a cousin who is a doctor.
Tom has a cough.
Tom has a cold.
Tom has a bruise on his right leg.
Tom has a brother who is an architect.
Tom has a big mouth.
Tom has a big house.
Tom has a big family.
Tom has a beautiful wife.
Tom has a beard just like his father, grandfathers and brothers do.
Tom has a bad temper.
Tom has a bad reputation.
Tom has a bad headache.
Tom has a bad cold.
Tom has a backache.
Tom hardly ever complains to the boss.
Tom hardly ever buys anything at this store.
Tom hardly ever acts his age.
Tom hangs out at the local bar.
Tom's hands were tied behind his back.
Tom handed in a blank test paper.
Tom hadn't eaten since breakfast and was getting hungry.
Tom had trouble peeling the apple with his pocket knife.
Tom had trouble getting his suitcase opened.
Tom had trouble finding his key.
Tom had to walk home since his car broke down.
Tom had to wait in line for three hours.
Tom had to stay in the hospital for a week.
Tom had to pay a few more dollars.
Tom had to make a difficult decision.
Tom had to leave the movie theater before the movie was over.
Tom had to have his stomach pumped because he had accidentally eaten some rat poison.
Tom had to go to Boston on business.
Tom had to go there yesterday.
Tom had to go there alone.
Tom had to go himself.
Tom had to catch a taxi.
Tom had to answer the phone.
Tom had the whole house to himself.
Tom had the painting appraised by an expert before he bought it.
Tom had some money stolen from his tent.
Tom had some gum stuck on the bottom of one of his shoes.
Tom had plenty of opportunity to plant the bomb.
Tom had only planned to stay in Boston for just a day or two.
Tom had only one leg.
Tom had only himself to blame for the failure.
Tom had nothing to read.
Tom had nothing to hide.
Tom had nothing to eat.
Tom had nothing to drink.
Tom had nothing more to say.
Tom had nothing more to add.
Tom had nothing left to eat.
Tom had nothing left to drink.
Tom had no water to drink.
Tom had no time to waste.
Tom had no time to finish the story.
Tom had no say in the matter.
Tom had no problem doing it.
Tom had no place to go.
Tom had no one to turn to for help.
Tom had no one to help him.
Tom had no one but himself to blame.
Tom had no money.
Tom had no money with him at that time.
Tom had no money to pay for a cab.
Tom had no money left.
Tom had no friends to play with.
Tom had no food.
Tom had no conception of what fatherhood entailed.
Tom had no chance to express himself.
Tom had never been late for work before.
Tom had lots of fun at the party.
Tom had his wisdom teeth taken out.
Tom had his wallet stolen while he was in Boston.
Tom had his wallet stolen on the train.
Tom had his picture taken.
Tom had his picture taken with Mt. Fuji in the background.
Tom had his palm read.
Tom had his house painted white.
Tom had his chauffeur drive him to the theater.
Tom had his car stolen early last week.
Tom had fifty dollars in his pocket at the time.
Tom had every right to be angry.
Tom had enough sense to not go out by himself after dark.
Tom had dreams of becoming a famous tennis player.
Tom had difficulty learning French.
Tom had dark black hair when he was younger.
Tom had changed so much that I didn't recognize him.
Tom had barely enough money to pay his bills last month.
Tom had an accident.
Tom had already bought his ticket by the time I arrived.
Tom had a wonderful time when we were in Boston.
Tom had a weird dream last night.
Tom had a very long day.
Tom had a tooth pulled out last week.
Tom had a thoughtful look on his face.
Tom had a pain in his chest, so he went to the hospital.
Tom had a lot of work to do yesterday afternoon.
Tom had a lot of fun at the party.
Tom had a little too much.
Tom had a little too much to drink.
Tom had a little to drink.
Tom had a large audience at his concert last night.
Tom had a hideous hangover.
Tom had a hectic week.
Tom had a great weekend.
Tom had a great time.
Tom had a good time when he was in Boston.
Tom had a good idea.
Tom had a feeling that the plan wouldn't work.
Tom had a close brush with death.
Tom had a clear conscience.
Tom had a change of heart.
Tom had a chance to travel to Boston.
Tom had a bad stomachache.
Tom had a bad cold last month.
Tom grows strawberries in his garden.
Tom groped for the flashlight that had fallen behind the couch.
Tom gritted his teeth.
Tom grew up in Boston.
Tom grew a beard over the summer.
Tom graduated with honors.
Tom graduated in the top ten percent of his class.
Tom graduated from high school last year.
Tom grabbed the rope that was lowered from the helicopter.
Tom grabbed a hold of the rope.
Tom got very nervous when he was suddenly asked to make a speech.
Tom got very drunk.
Tom got up at six almost every day.
Tom got up at 6:30 as usual.
Tom got to work later than usual this morning. I wonder why.
Tom got to the station too late, so he missed the train.
Tom got to Boston yesterday.
Tom got tired of reading and wanted to go outside and play.
Tom got three presents for his birthday.
Tom got these tickets for nothing.
Tom got these tickets for free.
Tom got soaking wet.
Tom got shampoo in his eyes.
Tom got quite a few positive responses.
Tom got out of the taxi.
Tom got on the wrong train.
Tom got on the wrong bus.
Tom got on the 2:30 train.
Tom got off at the wrong station.
Tom got nervous.
Tom got lost in Boston.
Tom got into the car.
Tom got into the boat.
Tom got home at 6:30.
Tom got his hearing tested.
Tom got his hair cut.
Tom got his eyes tested.
Tom got here before noon.
Tom got drunk and drowned while taking a bath.
Tom got dressed in a hurry and ran out the door.
Tom got drenched to the skin.
Tom got away with the money.
Tom got angry when he found the door locked.
Tom got a part-time job to help pay for his tuition.
Tom got a lot of mosquito bites the last time he went camping.
Tom gorges himself whenever he eats at that restaurant.
Tom goes to work every day but Sunday.
Tom goes to work by motorcycle.
Tom goes to the library at least once a month.
Tom goes to school five days a week.
Tom goes to school by bicycle.
Tom goes to night school.
Tom goes to church on Sunday morning.
Tom goes to church every Sunday morning.
Tom goes to Boston every year.
Tom goes to bed at 10:30.
Tom goes shopping almost every morning.
Tom goes swimming about once a week.
Tom goes jogging almost every afternoon.
Tom goes for a walk every afternoon.
Tom goes camping every summer.
Tom glanced at his watch.
Tom usually gives easy-to-understand explanations.
Tom gives me the creeps.
Tom gets up early in the morning.
Tom gets up at 5:30 every morning.
Tom gave up running for class president.
Tom gave up hope.
Tom gave up his teaching job to become a full-time studio musician.
Tom gave the waiter a very good tip.
Tom gave the baby a bath.
Tom gave his seat to an elderly lady.
Tom gave away all his money, then committed suicide.
Tom gave a very long speech yesterday.
Tom gave a vague answer.
Tom gave a short talk.
Tom gave a detailed answer.
Tom gathered together all his belongings.
Tom found what he was looking for.
Tom found the test difficult.
Tom found the office door locked.
Tom found the keys he thought he had lost.
Tom found the key he had been looking for.
Tom found the information he was looking for online.
Tom found the drawer empty.
Tom found the door locked.
Tom found the chair quite comfortable.
Tom found the article interesting.
Tom found that he couldn't study with the TV on.
Tom found that difficult to believe.
Tom found that book difficult to read.
Tom found out the truth.
Tom found it difficult to please him.
Tom found it difficult to make himself understood in French.
Tom found it difficult to make friends.
Tom found it difficult to keep the conversation going.
Tom found it difficult to finish all the work in just one day.
Tom found it difficult to answer the question.
Tom found his new job interesting.
Tom found his contact lens near the table.
Tom found an old coin just outside the back door.
Tom found a wallet on the sidewalk.
Tom found a wallet lying on the sidewalk.
Tom found a job as a mechanic.
Tom found a good job near his house.
Tom found a dead body on the beach.
Tom fought with all his strength.
Tom forgot who said it.
Tom forgot to water the plants for a whole week.
Tom forgot to turn off the light.
Tom forgot to turn off the gas.
Tom forgot to take his umbrella with him.
Tom forgot to sign his name.
Tom forgot to set his alarm clock.
Tom forgot to put a stamp on the envelope.
Tom forgot to pay the bill.
Tom forgot to lock the door.
Tom forgot to feed his dog last night.
Tom forgot to do his homework.
Tom forgot one important thing.
Tom folded his handkerchief.
Tom flushed the toilet.
Tom flirted with the waitress.
Tom flew to Boston yesterday.
Tom fixed the broken radio.
Tom finished the job in three hours.
Tom finished packing his suitcase.
Tom finished doing his homework before dinner.
Tom finished doing his homework an hour ago.
Tom finished breakfast before 7:30.
Tom finds it much easier to speak English than French.
Tom finds it difficult to keep up with the rest of the class.
Tom finally went to Boston last summer.
Tom finally succeeded in getting a job that he liked.
Tom finally got hold of the rare stamp he wanted.
Tom finally got his wish.
Tom finally got a job.
Tom finally found a job.
Tom finally figured out where the treasure was hidden.
Tom finally figured out what he'd been doing wrong.
Tom finally figured out the problem.
Tom finally fell asleep.
Tom finally came up with the cash.
Tom finally ate something.
Tom filled the bottle with drinking water.
Tom filled in the blanks.
Tom filled his glass with water.
Tom filled his bag with walnuts.
Tom figured out why the machine wasn't working.
Tom felt weak.
Tom felt uneasy.
Tom felt uncomfortable.
Tom felt tired.
Tom felt the urge to run away.
Tom felt the cold rain on his face.
Tom felt something crawling on his arm.
Tom felt sick.
Tom felt sad.
Tom felt lonely.
Tom felt like he'd been hit by a truck.
Tom felt like going to Boston again.
Tom felt like going out for a walk.
Tom felt like giving up.
Tom felt like dancing.
Tom felt like crying.
Tom felt like crawling under a rock.
Tom felt like a fool.
Tom felt like a fish out of water.
Tom felt left out.
Tom felt hungry.
Tom felt humiliated.
Tom felt his knees tremble.
Tom felt himself being lifted up.
Tom felt happy.
Tom felt dizzy from the heat.
Tom felt cold.
Tom felt awkward.
Tom felt a sudden urge to leave the room.
Tom felt a sharp pain in his stomach.
Tom felt a pain in his side.
Tom felt a pain in his back.
Tom felt a lump in his throat.
Tom felt a little left out.
Tom felt a bit woozy.
Tom felt a bit tired.
Tom fell off the roof and died.
Tom fell into the pool.
Tom fell down two flights of stairs and is now in the hospital.
Tom fell asleep on the train.
Tom fell asleep on the sofa.
Tom fell asleep on the couch.
Tom fell asleep in class.
Tom fell and hurt his leg.
Tom fell and hurt his knee.
Tom fell and broke his arm.
Tom feels responsible for what happened.
Tom feels a little better this morning.
Tom fed his dog table scraps.
Tom favorite saying is "You can't put two saddles on one horse."
Tom falls asleep as soon as he gets into bed.
Tom faked his death.
Tom failed to pass the final exam.
Tom failed to keep his promise.
Tom failed the exam.
Tom extinguished the fire.
Tom extended his stay by three days.
Tom expressed himself in good English.
Tom expressed himself clearly.
Tom exposed himself to danger.
Tom explained his plan in detail.
Tom entered the restaurant where he eats about three times a week.
Tom enlisted in the Army.
Tom enjoys taking pictures.
Tom enjoys taking a nap in the early afternoon.
Tom enjoys reading books.
Tom enjoys listening to live music.
Tom enjoyed swimming in the lake.
Tom enjoyed himself at the party.
Tom eats with his left hand, but he writes with his right.
Tom eats very little.
Tom eats tofu quite often because he heard that it was healthy.
Tom eats the same food every day.
Tom eats the same food day in and day out.
Tom eats out a lot.
Tom eats nothing but his mother's cooking.
Tom eats nothing but fruits and vegetables.
Tom eats nothing but fruit.
Tom eats mostly fruits and vegetables, and only eats meat about once a week.
Tom eats more fish in a week than I eat in a year.
Tom eats like a pig.
Tom eats like a pig and he looks like one, too.
Tom eats like a horse.
Tom eats like a bird.
Tom eats less than you might think.
Tom eats everything that his mother gives him.
Tom eats asparagus, but his brother doesn't.
Tom eats a lot.
Tom eats a lot of fish.
Tom eats a lot of Chinese food.
Tom eats a lot of brown rice.
Tom earned money by playing his guitar on street corners.
Tom eagerly ate the sandwich that the fireman gave him.
Tom dyed his hair dark brown.
Tom dug a grave for his dog.
Tom drowned in Lake Superior three years ago.
Tom drove off in a hurry.
Tom dropped out of high school.
Tom dropped out of college when he was a junior.
Tom dropped in at the pub on his way home from work.
Tom dropped his books on the floor.
Tom drives too fast.
Tom drives me crazy.
Tom drives everybody up the wall.
Tom drives an imported car I think.
Tom drives a black car, doesn't he?
Tom drinks too much.
Tom drinks milk every morning.
Tom drinks at least three liters of water every day.
Tom dried his hands with a small towel.
Tom drew his gun and shot.
Tom dressed himself quickly, then ran out the door.
Tom dreams of owning a house in the center of Boston.
Tom dreams of becoming a millionaire.
Tom drank three bottles of wine by himself last night.
Tom drank a lot last night and is a bit hung over this morning.
Tom drank a few cups of coffee to keep himself awake.
Tom drank a cup of coffee.
Tom drank a couple of shots of tequila.
Tom dragged himself out of bed.
Tom dozed off in French class.
Tom dove into the water.
Tom doubts that he'll be able get there on time.
Tom doubts if it will rain.
Tom doesn't yet know whether he can go or not.
Tom doesn't work here anymore.
Tom doesn't work as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't work as hard as he used to.
Tom doesn't wear glasses, but he used to.
Tom doesn't watch TV except on Saturdays.
Tom doesn't want to work tomorrow.
Tom doesn't want to wait that long.
Tom doesn't want to wait any longer.
Tom doesn't want to talk about it.
Tom doesn't want to take that kind of risk.
Tom doesn't want to take on any more work.
Tom doesn't want to take a walk now.
Tom doesn't want to see anybody today.
Tom doesn't want to read that book.
Tom doesn't want to miss his flight.
Tom doesn't want to live in Boston.
Tom doesn't want to live by himself.
Tom doesn't want to go to such a dangerous place.
Tom doesn't want to go to school today.
Tom doesn't want to go to bed right now.
Tom doesn't want to go out.
Tom doesn't want to go anywhere in particular.
Tom doesn't want to go alone.
Tom doesn't want to give up his dream of becoming an astronaut.
Tom doesn't want to get married until he's in his thirties.
Tom doesn't want to get his hands dirty.
Tom doesn't want to eat lunch now.
Tom doesn't want to deal with this problem now.
Tom doesn't want to be late.
Tom doesn't want dinner.
Tom doesn't want anything to drink.
Tom doesn't want any coffee.
Tom doesn't want an iPad. He wants a portable device that supports Flash.
Tom doesn't usually show his feelings.
Tom doesn't usually play backgammon.
Tom doesn't usually eat dessert.
Tom doesn't understand this.
Tom doesn't understand French.
Tom doesn't understand French at all.
Tom doesn't understand because he wasn't paying attention.
Tom doesn't think there is any advantage of doing it the way you suggest we do it.
Tom doesn't think that it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think that is a good idea.
Tom doesn't think so.
Tom doesn't think it's his fault.
Tom doesn't think it'll snow tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think it'll rain, but he plans to carry an umbrella just in case.
Tom doesn't think it'll rain tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think it will snow this afternoon.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able to finish the job by himself.
Tom doesn't think he'll be able come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't think he could do that.
Tom doesn't think before he speaks.
Tom doesn't think anybody else wants to come.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his dog.
Tom doesn't take very good care of his children.
Tom doesn't take criticism well.
Tom doesn't study as hard as he used to.
Tom doesn't speak French.
Tom doesn't speak French at home.
Tom doesn't smoke.
Tom doesn't smoke anymore.
Tom doesn't sing very well.
Tom doesn't seem to like anything.
Tom doesn't seem to be very tired.
Tom doesn't seem to be happy.
Tom doesn't seem to be aware of the problem.
Tom doesn't seem to be able to get started today.
Tom doesn't seem to be a Canadian.
Tom doesn't remember where he put his key.
Tom doesn't remember what happened.
Tom doesn't remember turning off the light.
Tom doesn't remember my name.
Tom doesn't remember if he locked the door.
Tom doesn't remember having said that.
Tom doesn't remember exactly what happened.
Tom doesn't realize how lucky he is.
Tom doesn't read many non-fiction books.
Tom doesn't read books in French.
Tom doesn't put sugar in his coffee.
Tom doesn't play the piano nowadays.
Tom doesn't play outdoors much.
Tom doesn't play golf as much as he used to.
Tom doesn't pay much attention to how he dresses.
Tom doesn't pay attention to details.
Tom doesn't particularly want to go swimming.
Tom doesn't often wear a suit.
Tom doesn't need to work. He's rich.
Tom doesn't need to wear glasses anymore.
Tom doesn't need to hurry.
Tom doesn't need to go.
Tom doesn't need to go to work today.
Tom doesn't need to go there unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't need to go there if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't need to answer right away.
Tom doesn't need any money now.
Tom doesn't necessarily have to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't mind walking.
Tom doesn't mind waiting.
Tom doesn't mind getting wet.
Tom doesn't mind getting up at dawn.
Tom doesn't mind devoting a lot of time to helping the homeless.
Tom doesn't live too far from here.
Tom doesn't live near his office.
Tom doesn't live in Boston yet.
Tom doesn't live in Boston now.
Tom doesn't live in Boston anymore.
Tom doesn't like working here.
Tom doesn't like traveling by air.
Tom doesn't like to wear a watch.
Tom doesn't like to travel.
Tom doesn't like to stay at home.
Tom doesn't like to speak in public.
Tom doesn't like to make mistakes.
Tom doesn't like to hang out with people who smoke.
Tom doesn't like to go out after dark.
Tom doesn't like to eat fish.
Tom doesn't like to be kept waiting for a long time.
Tom doesn't like to be disturbed.
Tom doesn't like to be alone.
Tom doesn't like this.
Tom doesn't like the rainy season.
Tom doesn't like Irish coffee.
Tom doesn't like the house that he lives in.
Tom doesn't like that kind of music.
Tom doesn't like swimming in this river. He says it's too polluted.
Tom doesn't like swimming in pools. He prefers swimming in lakes and rivers.
Tom doesn't like summer. He says it's too hot.
Tom doesn't like studying.
Tom doesn't like speaking French.
Tom doesn't like school.
Tom doesn't like pork.
Tom doesn't like poker very much.
Tom doesn't like poker at all.
Tom doesn't like people who smoke in no smoking areas.
Tom doesn't like people who get angry easily.
Tom doesn't like people who don't show up on time.
Tom doesn't like my friends.
Tom doesn't like my family.
Tom doesn't like my dog.
Tom doesn't like me.
Tom doesn't like living in the country.
Tom doesn't like hot food.
Tom doesn't like horror movies.
Tom doesn't like grapefruit.
Tom doesn't like girls who wear high heels.
Tom doesn't like girls who wear a lot of makeup.
Tom doesn't like either beer or wine.
Tom doesn't like doing homework.
Tom doesn't like dogs.
Tom doesn't like coffee with sugar.
Tom doesn't like classical music.
Tom doesn't like city life.
Tom doesn't like Chinese food.
Tom doesn't like cheese very much.
Tom doesn't like cats.
Tom doesn't like being treated like a child.
Tom doesn't like being made a fool of.
Tom doesn't like being cooped up in his small office every day.
Tom doesn't like being asked to give to charity.
Tom doesn't like beef.
Tom doesn't know why the meeting was postponed.
Tom doesn't know who wrote the graffiti on the wall.
Tom doesn't know who to turn to.
Tom doesn't know who to ask.
Tom doesn't know who painted that picture.
Tom doesn't know who I am.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask.
Tom doesn't know who he should ask for advice.
Tom doesn't know who baked the cake.
Tom doesn't know which color to choose.
Tom doesn't know which button to push.
Tom doesn't know whether to turn left or right.
Tom doesn't know whether the concert went well or not.
Tom doesn't know whether it's true or not.
Tom doesn't know whether it's new or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he can do it, but he'll give it a try.
Tom doesn't know whether he should take on the job or not.
Tom doesn't know whether he should go to the party or not.
Tom doesn't know where to go.
Tom doesn't know where his umbrella is.
Tom doesn't know where he's going to live next year.
Tom doesn't know what to think.
Tom doesn't know what to say.
Tom doesn't know what to order.
Tom doesn't know what to do.
Tom doesn't know what to do with his money. He has so much of it.
Tom doesn't know what to do now.
Tom doesn't know what to do next.
Tom doesn't know what to do either.
Tom doesn't know what to do anymore.
Tom doesn't know what time it is.
Tom doesn't know what the homework assignment is.
Tom doesn't know what he's supposed to do.
Tom doesn't know what happened.
Tom doesn't know what happened because he wasn't there.
Tom doesn't know the whole story.
Tom doesn't know the difference between right and wrong.
Tom doesn't know the answer yet.
Tom doesn't know that I'm Canadian.
Tom doesn't know my name.
Tom doesn't know much about sports.
Tom doesn't know much about Indonesia.
Tom doesn't know much about art.
Tom doesn't know it yet, but he's going to get laid off.
Tom doesn't know if it is true or not.
Tom doesn't know if he will be able to visit us next Monday.
Tom doesn't know if he has enough money to buy school supplies.
Tom doesn't know how to treat his employees properly.
Tom doesn't know how to tie a tie.
Tom doesn't know how to swim.
Tom doesn't know how to speak French properly.
Tom doesn't know how to say what he wants to say in French.
Tom doesn't know how to pronounce my name properly.
Tom doesn't know how to play the bass guitar.
Tom doesn't know how to play poker.
Tom doesn't know how to play golf.
Tom doesn't know how to do that.
Tom doesn't know how to cook very well.
Tom doesn't know how things turned out this way.
Tom doesn't know how much the ticket will cost.
Tom doesn't know how long the party is going to last.
Tom doesn't know how deep the pool is.
Tom doesn't know his way around town.
Tom doesn't know French.
Tom doesn't know anything about what happened.
Tom doesn't know anything about Boston.
Tom doesn't know anyone at our school.
Tom doesn't know any of the details yet.
Tom doesn't know any better.
Tom doesn't know about those kinds of things.
Tom doesn't intend to go by himself.
Tom doesn't hesitate to tell everyone what he thinks.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a good leader.
Tom doesn't have very many friends.
Tom doesn't have to work today.
Tom doesn't have to work so hard.
Tom doesn't have to work on Mondays.
Tom doesn't have to study French. He can already speak it quite well.
Tom doesn't have to go there by himself.
Tom doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to get up early tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have to do that now.
Tom doesn't have to come here tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have the qualities of a good leader.
Tom doesn't have tea.
Tom doesn't have much time.
Tom doesn't have much time for volunteer work.
Tom doesn't have much interest in outdoor sports.
Tom doesn't have enough time for a cup of coffee.
Tom doesn't have enough money.
Tom doesn't have enough money yet to buy the car he wants.
Tom doesn't have as much energy as he used to.
Tom doesn't have anything in his bag.
Tom doesn't have anyone to discuss his problems with.
Tom doesn't have any time to watch TV.
Tom doesn't have any plans for tomorrow.
Tom doesn't have any friends who like to go camping.
Tom doesn't have any enemies.
Tom doesn't have any classes today.
Tom doesn't have any choice.
Tom doesn't have any children.
Tom doesn't have any cash.
Tom doesn't have any brothers.
Tom doesn't have any brothers and sisters.
Tom doesn't have an ear for music.
Tom doesn't have a visa.
Tom doesn't have a very good Japanese-English dictionary.
Tom doesn't have a TV at home.
Tom doesn't have a ticket for tonight's concert.
Tom doesn't have a sister.
Tom doesn't have a pet now, but he used to have a dog.
Tom doesn't have a microwave oven.
Tom doesn't have a driver's license.
Tom doesn't have a cat.
Tom doesn't have a car.
Tom doesn't have a bicycle.
Tom doesn't have hairy arms.
Tom doesn't go to the movies as often as he'd like to.
Tom doesn't go to school by bus.
Tom doesn't go to his office on Saturday.
Tom doesn't go to a good school.
Tom doesn't give up easily, does he?
Tom doesn't get up early.
Tom doesn't get along with his neighbors.
Tom doesn't get along with his neighbors like he used to.
Tom doesn't gain weight even though he eats a lot.
Tom doesn't feel well.
Tom doesn't feel up to going today.
Tom doesn't feel up to eating anything today.
Tom doesn't feel much like talking right now.
Tom doesn't feel like working this morning.
Tom doesn't feel like taking a walk with his dog this morning.
Tom doesn't feel like eating anything right now.
Tom doesn't feed his dog in the morning, only in the evening.
Tom doesn't even try to keep up with fashion.
Tom doesn't even know how to start a lawn mower.
Tom doesn't enjoy tennis and never has.
Tom doesn't enjoy doing that sort of thing.
Tom doesn't eat meat.
Tom doesn't eat meat or eggs.
Tom doesn't drink.
Tom doesn't drink much beer, but he sure drinks a lot of wine.
Tom doesn't drink coffee.
Tom doesn't drink beer.
Tom doesn't drink and drive.
Tom doesn't do things like that.
Tom doesn't come here every day, but he comes quite often.
Tom doesn't carry much luggage on trips.
Tom doesn't carry much cash.
Tom doesn't care what happens.
Tom doesn't care how much it costs. He still plans to buy it.
Tom doesn't believe that ghosts exist.
Tom doesn't believe in God.
Tom doesn't believe in ghosts.
Tom doesn't always obey his parents.
Tom doesn't allow people to enter his house.
Tom doesn't agree.
Tom doesn't actually live within Boston city limits.
Tom does things at his own pace.
Tom does nothing but watch TV all day.
Tom does nothing but read books on Sundays.
Tom divorced his first wife more than fifteen years ago.
Tom divided the pie into three equal parts.
Tom dislikes the house he's living in.
Tom dislikes speaking in public.
Tom dislikes noisy cities.
Tom dislikes going to school.
Tom dislikes being told what to do.
Tom disliked school when he was younger.
Tom disguised himself as a policeman.
Tom discovered the truth.
Tom discovered that he had run out of money.
Tom discovered that he had made a mistake.
Tom disappointed me.
Tom disappeared without leaving a trace.
Tom disappeared without a trace.
Tom digitized an old family photo and emailed it to his mother.
Tom died young.
Tom died yesterday.
Tom died with over ten million dollars in the bank.
Tom died with a knife in his back.
Tom died with a gun in his hand.
Tom died when he was seventy years old.
Tom died when he was 97.
Tom died trying to save a child from a burning building.
Tom died three days before he was to receive the award.
Tom died three days after he arrived in Boston.
Tom died of a broken heart.
Tom died just one day after his seventieth birthday.
Tom died in prison ten years ago.
Tom died in his thirties.
Tom died in his sleep.
Tom died in his seventies.
Tom died in combat.
Tom died in a traffic accident.
Tom died in a plane crash.
Tom died in 2009.
Tom died because he had eaten some contaminated beef.
Tom died at the age of 97.
Tom died at an early age.
Tom didn't seem to notice any problems.
Tom didn't have the courage to go there alone.
Tom didn't get his driver's license until he was twenty-four.
Tom didn't work last Monday.
Tom didn't wear a tie to work today.
Tom didn't want to walk the tightrope without a net.
Tom didn't want to spend as much money as he did.
Tom didn't want to speak to anyone.
Tom didn't want to go, but his father made him go.
Tom didn't want to get up so early.
Tom didn't want to get involved.
Tom didn't want to get involved in the fight, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to eat the worms even though they were high in protein.
Tom didn't want to attract attention.
Tom didn't want this to happen.
Tom didn't want an expensive camera.
Tom didn't use to like red wine, but now he drinks it almost every day.
Tom didn't used to drink so much.
Tom didn't understand what the teacher said.
Tom didn't turn off the lights.
Tom didn't think that movie was interesting.
Tom didn't think he'd ever have a chance to live in another country.
Tom didn't tell his parents that he had gotten an F on the test.
Tom didn't take part in our conversation.
Tom didn't take many pictures on his trip.
Tom didn't swim because it was too cold.
Tom didn't study at all last weekend.
Tom didn't start to study French until he was thirty.
Tom didn't start to play the trombone until he was twenty.
Tom didn't specify how many pencils to buy.
Tom didn't sleep well last night.
Tom didn't sleep at all last night.
Tom didn't sleep a wink last night.
Tom didn't show up until the meeting was over.
Tom didn't see anything.
Tom didn't say who he was planning to go with.
Tom didn't say whether he was planning to go or not.
Tom didn't say where he was planning to go.
Tom didn't say where he had been.
Tom didn't say when he was planning to leave.
Tom didn't say how much money he had spent.
Tom didn't say how many times he had been there.
Tom didn't say how he was planning to get there.
Tom didn't say anything.
Tom didn't run fast enough to catch the bus.
Tom didn't really like his job.
Tom didn't really feel like swimming.
Tom didn't really feel like going out.
Tom didn't really feel like eating Korean food.
Tom didn't read the newspaper yesterday.
Tom didn't read the book his teacher had told him to read.
Tom didn't play badminton yesterday.
Tom didn't plan to go anywhere.
Tom didn't pay any attention to the warning.
Tom didn't participate in the discussion.
Tom didn't offer to give me my money back.
Tom didn't offer me anything to eat.
Tom didn't need to take a taxi. He could have walked.
Tom didn't need to paint the fence. They tore it down a week after he painted it.
Tom didn't need to hurry. He had plenty of time.
Tom didn't need to finish that work by today.
Tom didn't need to come so early.
Tom didn't need to come at all.
Tom didn't need to buy so much food.
Tom didn't miss his watch until he got home.
Tom didn't mind doing the dishes.
Tom didn't mention why he was late.
Tom didn't mention it to me.
Tom didn't mention his reason for being late.
Tom didn't mean to offend anyone.
Tom didn't mean to do that.
Tom didn't mean that.
Tom didn't mean it.
Tom didn't live in Boston last year.
Tom didn't like that movie at all.
Tom didn't like not having enough money.
Tom didn't like living in the country.
Tom didn't like living in the city.
Tom didn't like living in Boston.
Tom didn't like children then and he still doesn't.
Tom didn't like beer at that time.
Tom didn't leave a suicide note, so the police suspect murder.
Tom didn't know why his car wouldn't start.
Tom didn't know which bus to take.
Tom didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
Tom didn't know whether he should stay a bit longer or leave right away.
Tom didn't know where to catch the bus.
Tom didn't know what to say.
Tom didn't know what to do.
Tom didn't know what to do with the leftover food.
Tom didn't know what to do next.
Tom didn't know what to do first.
Tom didn't know what he was supposed to do.
Tom didn't know that.
Tom didn't know that woman at all.
Tom didn't know that song.
Tom didn't know how to ride a bicycle at that time.
Tom didn't know how to express his thanks in French.
Tom didn't know how to express himself well.
Tom didn't know how to ask the right question.
Tom didn't know how to answer the question.
Tom didn't know how much he had spent.
Tom didn't know how much he had drunk.
Tom didn't know how many cups of sugar to add.
Tom didn't know he was going to die before he was thirty.
Tom didn't know for certain which road to take.
Tom didn't know for certain where he should go.
Tom didn't know for certain what time he should arrive.
Tom didn't know for certain how much the new computer would cost.
Tom didn't know apple trees grow from seeds.
Tom didn't know anything.
Tom didn't keep his promise.
Tom didn't intend to spend so much time painting the fence.
Tom didn't intend to pay that much.
Tom didn't have to wear a suit and tie, but he did.
Tom didn't have to get up so early.
Tom didn't have to come so early.
Tom didn't have time to watch TV yesterday.
Tom didn't have time to watch the TV program he wanted to watch.
Tom didn't have time to think.
Tom didn't have time to relax.
Tom didn't have time to go jogging every morning.
Tom didn't have time to finish his report.
Tom didn't have time to eat lunch.
Tom didn't have time to do the job properly.
Tom didn't have the sense to come in out of the rain.
Tom didn't have the right equipment to do the job.
Tom didn't have the faintest idea what he was going to do the next day.
Tom didn't have the decency to admit that he was wrong.
Tom didn't have the courage to say no.
Tom didn't have the courage to pull the trigger.
Tom didn't have the courage to go there by himself.
Tom didn't have the courage to commit suicide.
Tom didn't have the courage to come right out and say what he believed.
Tom didn't have the courage to ask his boss for a raise.
Tom didn't have the courage to admit his mistake.
Tom didn't have much water to drink.
Tom didn't have much time so he just quickly scanned the report.
Tom didn't have much money.
Tom didn't have much food to eat.
Tom didn't have enough space to do what he wanted to do.
Tom didn't have enough money.
Tom didn't have enough experience to know what to do.
Tom didn't have enough experience to do the job well.
Tom didn't have enough experience in dealing with that kind of problem.
Tom didn't have anything to say on that subject.
Tom didn't have any idea what he should do.
Tom didn't have any children.
Tom didn't have a good time at the party.
Tom didn't go there.
Tom didn't go out last weekend.
Tom didn't go and I didn't either.
Tom didn't give up on the plan.
Tom didn't give up hope.
Tom didn't get up early enough to catch the first train.
Tom didn't get to school in time.
Tom didn't get much sleep last night.
Tom didn't get home until after midnight.
Tom didn't get a chance to visit the art museum.
Tom didn't get a chance to even try.
Tom didn't find anyone who met the requirements.
Tom didn't feel well, but he went to work anyway.
Tom didn't feel like playing golf.
Tom didn't feel like eating.
Tom didn't feel like eating lunch.
Tom didn't even try to help.
Tom didn't even try to get his homework done on time.
Tom didn't even try to do the right thing.
Tom didn't even have the courtesy to say that he was sorry.
Tom didn't enjoy the concert very much.
Tom didn't enjoy the concert at all.
Tom didn't eat dill pickles.
Tom didn't eat anything yesterday.
Tom didn't do well on today's test.
Tom didn't do much work today.
Tom didn't do it.
Tom didn't do it on purpose.
Tom didn't do his homework.
Tom didn't do any work at all today.
Tom didn't do any of the work he was supposed to do.
Tom didn't die in vain.
Tom didn't come to the last meeting.
Tom didn't come to school yesterday.
Tom didn't come back until after 2:30.
Tom didn't buy what I asked him to.
Tom didn't buy anything at that store because he thought the prices were too high.
Tom didn't buy a new car yesterday, did he?
Tom didn't arrive until the meeting was over.
Tom didn't arrive until about 2:30.
Tom didn't answer all the questions.
Tom didn't agree to do it.
Tom didn't act quickly enough.
Tom did what I wanted him to do.
Tom did what I told him to do.
Tom did what he said he'd do.
Tom did what he promised to do.
Tom did what he had to do.
Tom did what he believed was right.
Tom did twenty pushups.
Tom did the right thing.
Tom did the job to the best of his ability.
Tom did the job the best he could.
Tom did the best he could, but he still wasn't able to pass the course.
Tom did the best he could, but he still got bad grades.
Tom did study, but he didn't study very much.
Tom did say that, but I don't think he really meant it.
Tom did nothing but watch TV all day.
Tom did nothing but complain.
Tom did what he had been told to do.
Tom did it voluntarily.
Tom did it very carefully.
Tom did it on purpose.
Tom did it on his own.
Tom did it just for fun.
Tom did it in his own way.
Tom did it himself.
Tom did it for fun.
Tom did it easily.
Tom did it carefully.
Tom did it by himself.
Tom did it all by himself.
Tom did it against his will.
Tom did his best.
Tom did his best, but he failed.
Tom did fifty sit-ups.
Tom did exactly what I told him to do.
Tom did as he was told.
Tom did an excellent job.
Tom did all that he could.
Tom did a very stupid thing.
Tom did a lousy job.
Tom did a good job.
Tom did a cartwheel.
Tom despises people who smoke.
Tom despises people who lie.
Tom deserves to be punished.
Tom deserves to be promoted.
Tom deserves to be in prison.
Tom deserves to be blamed.
Tom deserves the prize.
Tom deserves a promotion.
Tom described what had happened.
Tom deposited three thousand dollars in the bank just before closing time.
Tom deposited some money in the bank.
Tom deposited 1,000 dollars in his saving account.
Tom denies having done it.
Tom denied that he had stolen anything.
Tom denied that he had accepted the bribe.
Tom denied knowing anything about it.
Tom denied having said such a thing.
Tom denied having ever been in Boston.
Tom denied having done it.
Tom deliberately broke the window.
Tom declined our job offer.
Tom decided to wait for another hour.
Tom decided to submit his resignation.
Tom decided to study harder.
Tom decided to stay until 2:30.
Tom decided to start a business.
Tom decided to quit his job.
Tom decided to postpone his departure.
Tom decided to major in French.
Tom decided to go to Boston.
Tom decided to buy a new computer.
Tom decided that he was going to study French for three hours a day.
Tom decided that he wanted to eat by himself.
Tom decided not to go to Boston.
Tom decided not to buy the car he was looking at yesterday.
Tom decided not to attend the meeting.
Tom dealt the cards.
Tom cut the pie into six pieces.
Tom cut the pear in half.
Tom cut the article out of the newspaper.
Tom cut some branches off the apple tree.
Tom cut his sister a piece of cake.
Tom cut his hand with a rusty knife.
Tom cut his finger on a piece of glass.
Tom cut down a tree in his yard.
Tom crushed the sheet of paper up into a ball and threw it across the room.
Tom crushed the box with his foot.
Tom crossed the river in a rowboat.
Tom crossed the border into France.
Tom cries every time he hears this song.
Tom cried like a baby.
Tom cried all night.
Tom cried all night long.
Tom couldn't find his glasses.
Tom couldn't understand what the sign meant.
Tom couldn't think of anything to say.
Tom couldn't think of anything better to do.
Tom couldn't think of any reason for not going.
Tom couldn't think of a good place to hide it.
Tom couldn't stop coughing.
Tom couldn't speak French well.
Tom couldn't solve the problem, could he?
Tom couldn't sleep well last night because it was noisy outside his room.
Tom couldn't sleep last night.
Tom couldn't see the lake from where he was standing.
Tom couldn't say a word.
Tom couldn't run very fast.
Tom couldn't quite understand it.
Tom couldn't put up with the pain.
Tom couldn't make up his mind.
Tom couldn't make up his mind right away.
Tom couldn't make it to school because of the typhoon.
Tom couldn't make himself understood.
Tom couldn't make himself understood in French.
Tom couldn't make himself heard.
Tom couldn't make both ends meet on his salary.
Tom couldn't make both ends meet on his income.
Tom couldn't make an immediate decision.
Tom couldn't keep from laughing.
Tom couldn't hold back his tears.
Tom couldn't hold back his anger.
Tom couldn't help falling asleep.
Tom couldn't go to the concert because he had to work.
Tom couldn't go to Boston with us because he didn't have enough money.
Tom couldn't go because he was unable to get permission.
Tom couldn't get to sleep.
Tom couldn't get the job he wanted.
Tom couldn't get the door to close all the way.
Tom couldn't get the book he wanted.
Tom couldn't get his car to start.
Tom couldn't get his car started.
Tom couldn't find what he wanted at the supermarket.
Tom couldn't find the page he was looking for.
Tom couldn't find his key anywhere.
Tom couldn't find anything better to do.
Tom couldn't find anyone to talk to.
Tom couldn't find anyone to play tennis with.
Tom couldn't find anyone to help him.
Tom couldn't find anyone to dance with.
Tom couldn't find anyone for the job.
Tom couldn't find anybody to go with him, and so he went by himself.
Tom couldn't find a good place to hide.
Tom couldn't find a good place to hide the key.
Tom couldn't figure out how to solve the puzzle.
Tom couldn't figure out how to export JPEG files.
Tom couldn't figure out how to do it.
Tom couldn't fall asleep so he got up and took a walk.
Tom couldn't explain it to me either.
Tom couldn't eat peanuts when he was a child.
Tom couldn't do that either.
Tom couldn't do anything about the danger.
Tom couldn't do anything about it until much later.
Tom couldn't do anything about it at that time.
Tom couldn't decide which camera to buy.
Tom couldn't decide where to go.
Tom couldn't decide where to begin.
Tom couldn't decide when to leave.
Tom couldn't decide when to begin.
Tom couldn't decide what to order.
Tom couldn't decide what to do.
Tom couldn't decide how to begin.
Tom couldn't count to ten until he was three years old.
Tom couldn't control his anger.
Tom couldn't bring himself to jump into the cold water.
Tom couldn't believe his eyes.
Tom couldn't believe his ears.
Tom couldn't be happier.
Tom couldn't attend the meeting.
Tom couldn't answer even one question on yesterday's test.
Tom couldn't answer all of the questions.
Tom couldn't afford to buy the bicycle he wanted.
Tom could swim a lot faster when he was young.
Tom could still be alive somewhere.
Tom could sing quite well when he was a child.
Tom could run a lot faster when he was young.
Tom could hear the cat scratching the door.
Tom could have done better if he had had more time.
Tom could hardly wait to hear the news.
Tom could hardly believe him.
Tom could do with some help.
Tom could do it if he tried.
Tom could be wrong.
Tom could be in the kitchen, but I don't know.
Tom could be in Boston for a long time.
Tom could barely make ends meet when he was in his early twenties.
Tom coughed up some blood.
Tom cooked dinner.
Tom converted about half of his yen into dollars and the other half into euros.
Tom contributed a lot of money to charity.
Tom continued reading the newspaper even though the burglar alarm had gone off.
Tom considered the problem settled.
Tom considered leaving school, but decided against it.
Tom considered himself lucky.
Tom considered changing his job.
Tom confessed to stealing the money.
Tom concentrated on his work.
Tom concealed the fact that he had been in prison.
Tom concealed his pistol under his coat.
Tom complained that the soup was not hot enough.
Tom complained that he couldn't get that song out of his head.
Tom complained about the weather.
Tom complained about the room being too small.
Tom complained about the noise.
Tom complained about his low salary.
Tom committed suicide by taking poison.
Tom committed suicide by jumping off a cliff.
Tom committed suicide by jumping off a bridge.
Tom committed suicide by jumping in front of a train.
Tom committed suicide by hanging himself.
Tom comes here once in a while.
Tom comes here nearly every day.
Tom comes here every other month.
Tom comes here every other day.
Tom comes here every few days.
Tom comes here almost every weekend.
Tom comes here almost every Saturday.
Tom comes here almost every day.
Tom comes from Boston.
Tom comes from a small village up north.
Tom coaxed the mouse out of the hole in the wall with a piece of bread.
Tom closed the door quietly and tiptoed into the room.
Tom closed his umbrella and put it in the umbrella rack near the door.
Tom closed his eyes.
Tom closed his diary after writing about that day's events.
Tom climbed the stairs up to the attic.
Tom climbed over the fence.
Tom climbed Mt. Fuji a few years ago.
Tom climbed down from the tree.
Tom climbed down from the roof.
Tom cleared the table.
Tom cleaned his room last weekend.
Tom clapped his hands.
Tom claims he doesn't watch much TV, but he watches more than three hours every day.
Tom claimed to be the owner of the land.
Tom claimed to be an expert in finance.
Tom claimed that the enormous property was at his disposal.
Tom claimed that he was working at the time.
Tom claimed that he was innocent.
Tom claimed that he saw a man being eaten alive by piranhas.
Tom claimed that he owned that expensive-looking red car we saw yesterday.
Tom claimed that he had not eaten for three weeks.
Tom claimed he was the son of a rich man.
Tom claimed he saw a UFO.
Tom chose to live with his father instead of his mother.
Tom chose his words carefully.
Tom chopped down the tree that was in our front yard.
Tom checked to make sure all the doors were locked before he went to sleep.
Tom checked the date.
Tom checked out a few books from the school library a few days ago.
Tom checked into a small hotel and stayed for a couple of days.
Tom cheated on the geology exam.
Tom changes his mind a lot.
Tom changed his mind.
Tom changed a few words on the report and resubmitted it.
Tom certainly plays the harpsichord well.
Tom certainly is good-looking.
Tom celebrated his twentieth birthday last week.
Tom caught the ball with his right hand.
Tom caught a wolf and tried to tame it.
Tom caught a lot of fish yesterday.
Tom caught a couple of large trout yesterday.
Tom caught a big fish.
Tom catches colds easily.
Tom carried the duffle bag on his shoulder.
Tom cares a lot about the way he looks.
Tom cares a lot about his reputation.
Tom carefully read over the contract.
Tom cancelled his party because something came up.
Tom canceled his hotel reservation.
Tom can't write French without making mistakes.
Tom can't work tomorrow.
Tom can't think of a better plan.
Tom can't tell the difference between Spanish wine and Chilean wine.
Tom can't tell a horse from a pony.
Tom can't take on any more work.
Tom can't take less.
Tom can't take care of himself.
Tom can't swim.
Tom can't swim tomorrow.
Tom can't swim like he used to.
Tom can't swim at all.
Tom can't stay for long so let's get the meeting started.
Tom can't stand up straight anymore.
Tom can't stand the hot and muggy summers here, so he heads for the mountains.
Tom can't stand people like that.
Tom can't speak very much French.
Tom can't speak French. Tom can't speak Spanish either.
Tom can't speak French without making mistakes.
Tom can't speak French either.
Tom can't speak either French or Spanish.
Tom can't seem to do anything right.
Tom can't see what's written on the blackboard.
Tom can't see anything without his glasses.
Tom can't see anything with his left eye.
Tom can't remember which ping-pong paddle is his.
Tom can't remember when he moved to Boston.
Tom can't remember the words of the song.
Tom can't remember how to use the shredder.
Tom can't remember his kindergarten teacher's name.
Tom can't read without glasses.
Tom can't read French.
Tom can't read all these books in one day.
Tom can't play the tin whistle very well.
Tom can't play the piccolo.
Tom can't play the drums all that well.
Tom can't play tennis very well.
Tom can't play tennis here.
Tom can't move this bookcase without a little help.
Tom can't manage on his own.
Tom can't make up his mind whether to get a job or to go to college.
Tom can't make it to class today.
Tom can't make himself understood in French.
Tom can't leave work today until six o'clock.
Tom can't help move the piano because he has a bad back.
Tom can't have done what you say he did.
Tom can't have done that all by himself.
Tom can't go to the movies tonight.
Tom can't go to the concert with you tonight.
Tom can't go out today because he's sick.
Tom can't go out because he has a lot of homework.
Tom can't get the lid off.
Tom can't get rid of his cough.
Tom can't get his car to start.
Tom can't get his car started.
Tom can't get along with his neighbors.
Tom can't finish this job in a day.
Tom can't find his ticket.
Tom can't find his bag.
Tom can't find anyone to help him.
Tom can't find a job.
Tom can't find a babysitter for Friday night.
Tom can't figure out how to fill out this application form.
Tom can't ever seem to make up his mind.
Tom can't ever keep a secret.
Tom can't even write his own name.
Tom can't even play one song on his ukulele without making mistakes.
Tom can't even afford to buy a new pair of shoes.
Tom can't drive a car yet.
Tom can't drive a car so he always rides a bicycle.
Tom can't drive a bus.
Tom can't do such a thing and get away with it.
Tom can't do just one thing at a time.
Tom can't do his job without an internet connection.
Tom can't do anything else right now.
Tom can't do anything about that right now.
Tom can't do all this work by himself.
Tom can't describe how painful it was.
Tom can't describe how fun it was.
Tom can't describe how exciting it was.
Tom can't decide which camera to buy.
Tom can't decide whether to buy a Toyota or a Ford.
Tom can't decide what to do this evening.
Tom can't decide unless you tell him all the facts.
Tom can't decide what to order.
Tom can't cook very well, so he often eats out.
Tom can't control his children.
Tom can't come to the office today.
Tom can't carry all those suitcases so you should help him.
Tom can't buy what he wants to buy because he doesn't have enough money.
Tom can't be trusted.
Tom can't be over thirty. He looks like he's about eighteen.
Tom can't be hungry. He's just eaten dinner.
Tom can't be all that young.
Tom can't attend the meeting.
Tom can't answer your question.
Tom can't afford to travel by plane.
Tom can't afford to take a vacation now.
Tom can't afford to send his children to college.
Tom can't afford to eat at that kind of restaurant so let's go somewhere else.
Tom can't afford to visit Japan.
Tom can't afford to buy even a used car.
Tom can't afford to buy a house.
Tom can't afford the time to visit Japan.
Tom can't accept your gift.
Tom can write almost like a native speaker, but his pronunciation is terrible.
Tom can walk to his office in thirty minutes or less.
Tom can understand Swahili.
Tom can swim.
Tom can swim, can't he?
Tom can swim, but I can't.
Tom can swim well.
Tom can swim very well.
Tom can swim like a fish.
Tom can swim faster than anyone else in his swimming class.
Tom can still make it on time if he runs.
Tom can speak only a little French.
Tom can speak just a little French.
Tom can speak French well.
Tom can speak French very well.
Tom can speak French pretty well.
Tom can speak French better than I can.
Tom can speak French almost like a native.
Tom can speak French almost as well as he can speak Spanish.
Tom can sing a few French songs.
Tom can run much faster than I can.
Tom can reach me at this number any time of day.
Tom can probably pull some strings for you and get you into that school.
Tom can play the piano by ear quite well.
Tom can play the harmonica and the guitar at the same time.
Tom can play tennis very well.
Tom can play tennis quite well.
Tom can play both tennis and table tennis well.
Tom can only speak a little French.
Tom can no longer be a member of our committee.
Tom can never seem to make up his mind.
Tom can never remember how to spell my name.
Tom can never get my name right.
Tom can meet you at the airport if you let him know your arrival time.
Tom can make himself understood in French.
Tom can hardly see without his glasses.
Tom can hardly hear without his hearing aid.
Tom can go wherever he likes.
Tom can go whenever he likes.
Tom can go if he wants to.
Tom can get to work faster on bicycle than by car.
Tom can get there in ten minutes if he drives fast.
Tom can eat just about anything but peanuts.
Tom can dance quite well.
Tom can dance fairly well, can't he?
Tom can cook.
Tom can come over to my place whenever he wants.
Tom can come and pick it up today.
Tom can be trusted.
Tom can barely speak French.
Tom can always quit his job if he doesn't like it.
Tom can already play the drums better than I could at his age.
Tom can afford to eat at expensive restaurants every day.
Tom came up with various ideas on how to make his business more successful.
Tom came up with a new system.
Tom came to the meeting late.
Tom came to see me just the other day.
Tom came to return a book he'd borrowed.
Tom came to our house uninvited.
Tom came to our house several times last summer.
Tom came to my office early yesterday afternoon.
Tom came to Japan to study Japanese.
Tom came to Japan three years ago and has been living here ever since then.
Tom came to Japan for the first time when he was three.
Tom came to Japan eight and a half years ago with his parents.
Tom came to Japan as a child.
Tom came to France with the intention of studying French.
Tom came to Boston hoping to find a job.
Tom came to ask us to help him.
Tom came to ask us for our help.
Tom came just before dinner.
Tom came into the room without knocking on the door.
Tom came in through the back door.
Tom came in second in the race.
Tom came in last in the race.
Tom came here today looking to start a fight.
Tom came here today looking for trouble.
Tom came here to use my computer.
Tom came here to help us fill out these forms.
Tom came here to ask us to help him.
Tom came downstairs in his pajamas.
Tom came down with the flu.
Tom came down with a cold and couldn't go to school.
Tom came close to being run over by a truck.
Tom came close to being killed by a stray arrow.
Tom came by car.
Tom came back home after dark.
Tom came back home after being gone for many years.
Tom came back early.
Tom came at a good time.
Tom came all the way from Boston.
Tom came a little after noon.
Tom came a few days later.
Tom calls me almost every day.
Tom called to say that he couldn't attend today's meeting.
Tom called the students back into the room to tell them about the plane crash.
Tom called the office to say that he'd be late.
Tom called me this afternoon.
Tom called me from Boston.
Tom called me by name.
Tom called in an expert.
Tom called himself the Master of the Universe.
Tom called a taxi for me.
Tom calculated that the total would be over 900 dollars.
Tom buys two or three cameras every year.
Tom buys new shoes whenever he can find a pair that fit.
Tom buttoned up his coat.
Tom burst out laughing.
Tom burst out crying.
Tom burst into the room.
Tom burst into tears.
Tom burst into laughter.
Tom burns both wood and coal in his stove.
Tom burned his report card.
Tom burned his fingers on a hot frying pan.
Tom burned himself badly when he took the pie pan out of the oven without using an oven mitt.
Tom built the house himself along with the help of a few friends.
Tom built his son a house next to his own.
Tom built his own house.
Tom built a wall around his house.
Tom budgeted three hundred dollars for the party.
Tom brought up the subject.
Tom brought plenty of food.
Tom brought enough food to feed everyone.
Tom brought each of us a gift.
Tom brought back some souvenirs.
Tom brought along his younger sister.
Tom brought a cup of tea to me.
Tom broke the world record.
Tom broke one of the rules and was kicked out of school.
Tom broke his neck falling down a flight of stairs.
Tom tore down the house.
Tom broke down and started to cry.
Tom brings his children with him to work once or twice a year.
Tom brews beer as a hobby.
Tom branded the calf.
Tom bought three bottles of grape juice.
Tom bought this camera for himself, not for his wife.
Tom bought this camera for a reasonable price.
Tom bought them each a camera.
Tom bought the whole nine yards.
Tom bought that pair of shoes at a clearance sale.
Tom bought some rope to use as a clothesline.
Tom bought some expensive meat to cook for dinner.
Tom bought several cameras last year.
Tom bought his camera for less than I paid for mine.
Tom bought his camera at this store about three months ago.
Tom bought himself a camera.
Tom bought each of them a camera.
Tom bought a very good camera.
Tom bought a very expensive camera.
Tom bought a very cheap camera.
Tom bought a sweater for thirty dollars.
Tom bought a small camera to take on his trip.
Tom bought a really expensive, well-made pair of shoes.
Tom bought a pound of cheese.
Tom bought a new car.
Tom bought a new camera.
Tom bought a new camera so he sold his old one.
Tom bought a new camera last month.
Tom bought a computer at thirty percent off the list price.
Tom bought a camera yesterday.
Tom bought a camera that was over-priced.
Tom bought a camera that was made in Japan.
Tom bought a camera on sale.
Tom bought a camera on eBay.
Tom bought a camera not too long ago.
Tom bought a camera like yours.
Tom bought a camera just a couple of days ago, but he's already lost it.
Tom bought a camera for me.
Tom bought a camera for 500 dollars.
Tom bought a camera at a store not too far from here.
Tom bought a camera at a bargain sale.
Tom bought a camera and tripod.
Tom bought a bunch of inexpensive cameras to give to children who lived in his neighborhood.
Tom bought a bunch of grapes and I ate them.
Tom bought a book about cameras.
Tom bought a bag of apples and he ate a third of them in one day.
Tom boiled some eggs on the rocket stove that he had just built.
Tom boiled a dozen eggs.
Tom boarded the ship along with his three children.
Tom blushed.
Tom blew up the bridge.
Tom blew up the balloon.
Tom blew his nose loudly during the oboe solo.
Tom blew himself up accidentally.
Tom bet me fifty dollars that he could eat more hot dogs than I could.
Tom bent over to pick up a coin that was on the floor.
Tom believes that life exists on other planets.
Tom believes he has a very low carbon footprint.
Tom believed that the people in that small village were cannibals.
Tom behaved like he was happy, but deep inside, he was very sad.
Tom begged for something to eat.
Tom began trombone lessons when he was twelve years old.
Tom began to try to lose weight a few months ago.
Tom began to talk.
Tom began to study karate when he was still in junior high school.
Tom began to look for a job three months before he graduated from college.
Tom began to feel faint.
Tom began talking.
Tom began reading that book three weeks ago and he still has only read less than half of it.
Tom began living by himself at the age of sixteen.
Tom becomes nervous whenever he has to speak in public.
Tom became scared as soon as he saw the robber's knife.
Tom became more and more handsome as he grew older.
Tom became an engineer.
Tom became a successful photographer.
Tom became a Japanese citizen.
Tom became a doctor.
Tom beat the drum at a slow tempo.
Tom bargained with the salesman hoping to get a lower price.
Tom barely passed the exam.
Tom barely escaped being killed by a tiger.
Tom bakes cookies on Sundays.
Tom baked his wife a pumpkin pie.
Tom avoided places where people smoked.
Tom avoided making any comment on the matter.
Tom ate what many people call a healthy diet.
Tom ate what little food he had left.
Tom ate what he wanted.
Tom ate too much cotton candy.
Tom ate too many jelly donuts.
Tom ate three hotdogs.
Tom ate three eggs and a slice of toast.
Tom ate the whole pizza by himself.
Tom ate the stew right out of the pot.
Tom ate the delicious meal and thought he must be in heaven.
Tom ate the chocolate donut that I had smuggled into the hospital.
Tom ate the chicken with his fingers.
Tom ate some spicy Indian food.
Tom ate quickly.
Tom ate plain and simple food.
Tom ate part of the ham, and then put the rest into the refrigerator.
Tom ate pancakes for breakfast.
Tom ate only three or four bites then spit out the food.
Tom ate only three carrots for lunch.
Tom ate one slice of Swiss cheese.
Tom ate many of his meals off of paper plates.
Tom ate half the peach and handed me the rest.
Tom ate half a bag of potato chips.
Tom ate dinner by himself.
Tom ate dinner about one hour ago.
Tom ate breakfast while his wife read the newspaper.
Tom ate as soon as the food was put on the table.
Tom ate all the bread, so there is none left.
Tom ate all that he wanted to eat.
Tom ate all his meals in his room.
Tom ate a whole bag of marshmallows.
Tom ate a spoonful of peanut butter.
Tom ate a quick lunch then went back to work.
Tom ate a piece of garlic bread.
Tom ate a lot of ice cream.
Tom ate a handful of raisins.
Tom ate a dozen doughnuts all by himself.
Tom assumed that the meeting would start on time.
Tom asked the same question over and over, but never got an answer.
Tom asked some very good questions.
Tom asked me to do him a favor. However, I couldn't do what he asked.
Tom asked his boss for a pay raise.
Tom asked him where I should park my car.
Tom asked for something cold to drink.
Tom asked for some more time.
Tom asked for permission to use the copy machine.
Tom asked for a higher salary.
Tom asked for a beer.
Tom asked a stupid question.
Tom arrived three hours late.
Tom arrived in time.
Tom arrived in the nick of time.
Tom arrived in Boston less than three weeks ago.
Tom arrived in Boston last night.
Tom arrived in Boston at 2:30.
Tom arrived earlier than usual yesterday.
Tom arrived at the camp safely.
Tom arrived at school ten minutes late today.
Tom arrived at school earlier than usual this morning.
Tom arrived at just the right moment.
Tom arrived at home early yesterday.
Tom arranged for his family to visit Boston.
Tom armed himself with a gun and a knife.
Tom appreciates good wine.
Tom applied for the position, but he didn't get it.
Tom applied for a passport, but was turned down.
Tom applied for a leave of absence.
Tom applied for a job as an English teacher.
Tom appears to have achieved what he set out to do.
Tom appears to be wise.
Tom appears to be a friendly guy.
Tom appeared to be in his early thirties.
Tom appeared from out of nowhere.
Tom appealed to us for help.
Tom apologized to the families of the victims for the explosion at the factory.
Tom apologized for what he did.
Tom anticipated that there would be trouble.
Tom anonymously donated a million dollars to his favorite charity.
Tom annoyed me with a lot of questions.
Tom announced his resignation yesterday.
Tom announced his intention to run for class president.
Tom and the other farmers prayed for rain.
Tom and I were just talking about you.
Tom and I are old friends.
Tom and his wife wanted to have a child before they were too old.
Tom and his wife seem to get along well.
Tom and his wife both have to work to make ends meet.
Tom and his uncle walked together in silence.
Tom and his sister are both students at this university.
Tom and his grandmother went to the bookstore.
Tom and his girlfriend are in the same class.
Tom and his friends went to the circus.
Tom and his friends sat on the beach and watched the boys swimming.
Tom and his friends often play cards until after midnight.
Tom and his friends love to get together and play music.
Tom and his friends headed towards the beach.
Tom and his friends asked me to come with them.
Tom and his dog sleep in the same room.
Tom and his cousins went into business together.
Tom and his classmates are going to an art museum tomorrow afternoon.
Tom and his brother are about the same height.
Tom always wished he had more money.
Tom always wears goggles when he swims.
Tom always wears a tie to work, except on Fridays.
Tom always wants to try something new.
Tom always wants to sit in the front row.
Tom always wants to be the center of attention.
Tom always walks to school if it isn't raining.
Tom always tries to keep an open mind.
Tom always tries to blame someone else for his failures.
Tom always told us that you can't teach an old dog new tricks.
Tom always stays at school as late as the teachers allow him to.
Tom always speaks in such a low voice that I can barely understand what he says.
Tom always seems to be smiling.
Tom always seems to be short of money.
Tom always seems to be reading something.
Tom always seems to be complaining.
Tom always prays before eating.
Tom always obeyed the rules.
Tom always makes it a rule never to ask a woman her age.
Tom always makes a point of arriving at least five minutes ahead of time.
Tom always looks happy.
Tom always looked happy, but never was.
Tom always keeps some aspirin in his jacket pocket.
Tom always keeps his word.
Tom always insists that he's right even when we all know that he's wrong.
Tom always has to have his own way.
Tom always has a backpack slung over his shoulder.
Tom always had a back up plan.
Tom always gives the same old excuse for being late for school.
Tom always gets up early in the morning.
Tom always gets nervous just before he goes on stage.
Tom always gets lost if he doesn't carry a map.
Tom always feels hungry at least one hour before lunch.
Tom always feels depressed during the cold winter months.
Tom always drinks his coffee strong.
Tom always drinks coffee in the morning.
Tom always drinks at least three cups of coffee in the morning.
Tom always dresses in black or some other dark color.
Tom always does things the same old way.
Tom always does his best.
Tom always causes trouble.
Tom always carries a map and compass in his bag.
Tom always brushes his teeth after meals.
Tom also runs a well-known website.
Tom already has plans for this weekend.
Tom almost passed out from the heat.
Tom almost never gets sick.
Tom almost never forgets to send his mother a Mother's Day card.
Tom almost never does anything out of the ordinary.
Tom almost got hit by the ball.
Tom almost forgot to take an umbrella with him.
Tom almost forgot to lock the door.
Tom almost forgot to do his homework.
Tom almost forgot his umbrella at the restaurant.
Tom almost drowned.
Tom almost died.
Tom almost always walks to work.
Tom almost always uses a credit card when he goes shopping.
Tom almost always takes a bath before dinner.
Tom almost always goes to work by car.
Tom almost always gets places on time.
Tom almost always falls asleep while watching TV.
Tom allowed his dog to run free.
Tom aimed his pistol at the target.
Tom agreed to marry that man's daughter with the promise that he'd inherit the man's business.
Tom agreed to be here at 2:30, but he's not here yet.
Tom advised us to leave early and avoid the morning traffic.
Tom advertised his saxophone for sale.
Tom adopted our method of bookkeeping.
Tom adopted a new policy.
Tom admitted what he said was wrong.
Tom admitted that it was partially his fault.
Tom admitted that it was due to his carelessness that the accident had happened.
Tom admitted that he was wrong.
Tom admitted that he had made a mistake on the invoice.
Tom admitted that he had committed the murder.
Tom admitted that he had been wrong.
Tom admitted that he had been defeated.
Tom admitted that he didn't eat the cake that his girlfriend had baked for him.
Tom admitted that he always has trouble remembering names.
Tom adjusted the seat, put in the key, and then drove away.
Tom adds a little money to his savings account each month.
Tom added up the numbers.
Tom added his name to the list of people who wanted to attend the dance.
Tom added a room to his house.
Tom added a few finishing touches to the painting.
Tom adapted last year's lesson plans so he could use them with this year's lower level students.
Tom actually hardly ever studies.
Tom acted happy, but deep inside he was sad.
Tom acted as the boss whenever the boss wasn't around.
Tom acknowledged that what he said earlier was not true.
Tom acknowledged that he was hoping to become the new class president.
Tom aches all over after working all day.
Tom accidentally threw his thumb drive into the garbage.
Tom accepted their job offer.
Tom accepted the proposal without reservation.
Tom accepted the nomination for class president.
Tom accepted the job as janitor at the local high school.
Tom accepted our offer and joined our company.
Tom abuses his authority, so no one likes him.
Tom abused my trust.
Tom abstained from voting.
Tom absconded with all the money donated for earthquake relief.
Tom abandoned the project because he didn't have enough money.
Tom abandoned the hope of becoming an actor.
Tom abandoned his wife and joined the army.
Tom abandoned his plan to build a factory.
Tom abandoned his family and went into hiding.
Tom abandoned his car that had run out of gasoline and started walking.
To the best of my knowledge, Tom can't swim.
Three months before Tom was to graduate from college, he died.
Though Tom's English seems quite good at times, he doesn't seem to know his limitations and it's impossible to convince him that he's wrong when he makes a mistake.
Those are Tom's dogs.
This land belongs to Tom.
This just has to be Tom's hat.
This is your last chance to spend time with Tom.
This is Tom's motorcycle, I think.
This is Tom's dog.
This is the place where Tom works.
This is the place where Tom was born.
This is the picture I took of Tom's house.
This is the house where Tom was brought up.
This is the hotel where Tom usually stays.
This is the hospital where Tom was born.
This is the camera that Tom took the pictures with.
This is probably the key that Tom is looking for.
This is one of the fish that Tom caught.
This is my friend, Tom.
This is all Tom has to do.
This desk is too small for Tom.
This cap belongs to Tom.
This camera is Tom's.
This camera is Tom's, isn't it?
This camera is Tom's favorite.
This camera is the one that Tom bought last Thursday.
They took Tom to the hospital to have his stomach pumped because he ate something poisonous.
They did a DNA comparison to see if the body was Tom's.
They appointed Tom chairman.
These shoes belong to Tom.
These shoes are Tom's.
These gloves belong to Tom.
These gloves are Tom's.
There was something odd about the way Tom looked at me yesterday.
There's something about Tom that I don't like.
There's something about Tom that gets on my nerves.
There's nothing I could ever say that would make Tom change his mind.
There's no way that Tom will ever be able to juggle.
There's no way that Tom could have stolen the money without being seen.
There's no doubt that Tom used to live in Boston.
There's a possibility that Tom will be late.
There were many things that Tom wanted to do before he died.
There was some mud on Tom's boots.
There was a limousine waiting for Tom outside the hotel.
There is indisputable proof that Tom is the thief.
There have been a lot of complaints about the way Tom behaves.
There aren't any signs that Tom has been here.
There are many talented people in our city, but Tom isn't one of them.
The workers at Tom's company are demanding shorter working hours.
The waitress flirted with Tom thinking that he'd leave her a larger tip.
The truth is that I didn't want to eat with Tom.
The teacher accused Tom of cheating.
The reason Tom is fat is because he eats too much and doesn't get enough exercise.
The police think that Tom was stabbed before his throat was slit.
The police looked everywhere and couldn't find any trace of Tom.
The police looked everywhere and could find no trace of Tom.
The police have been searching for Tom for years.
The police found Tom's bicycle.
The police found a suicide note in Tom's pocket.
The picture on the wall is the one that Tom painted last summer.
The person standing near the gate is Tom.
The only time that Tom left the room was just before we ate dinner.
The only person who could have done this is Tom.
The odds are in Tom's favor.
The letter was written by Tom.
The grand jury indicted Tom for murder.
The flight attendant shook Tom awake and told him that the plane had landed.
The doctors say it was a miracle that Tom made it through the night.
The doctor gave Tom a sedative.
The doctor asked Tom what the pain felt like.
The doctor advised Tom to stop drinking.
The dictionary on the desk is Tom's.
The DA wants me to testify against Tom.
The bartender threw Tom out of the bar.
The background check on Tom turned up suspiciously little.
That's just the way Tom is.
That tall building across the street is where Tom works.
That house over there is where Tom lives.
That day, Tom bought as many cameras as he could afford.
That camera is Tom's most prized possession.
Tell Tom that he can get in touch with me at home this evening.
Tell me something about Tom.
Some object to Tom's opinion.
Since Tom is leaving for Boston tomorrow, today is our last chance to give this to him.
Since the accident, Tom has given up hope of becoming a professional dancer.
Since it was getting even hotter, Tom peeled off another layer of clothing.
Please write down what Tom says.
Please wait till 2:30. Tom will back then.
Please tell Tom to wait.
Please tell Tom that I called.
Please say hello to Tom for me.
Please remember what Tom said.
Please have Tom wait until I get there.
Please ask Tom to come here and help us fill out these forms.
Please ask Tom to call me before 2:30.
Perhaps Tom can solve this problem.
Part of what Tom said was true.
Only Tom would have the guts to do that kind of thing.
Now that you mention it, I don't remember seeing Tom in class today.
Not knowing what to expect, Tom was caught off guard.
Nobody saw Tom steal the book.
Nobody saw Tom leave the room.
Nobody saw Tom do it.
Nobody noticed Tom leave the room.
Nobody knew that Tom was the person who contributed most of the money.
No one laughed at Tom's jokes.
No matter how much Tom eats, he wants to eat more.
My most interesting Canadian friend is Tom.
Maybe you need to be reminded how dangerous Tom is.
Luckily, Tom made some sound investments.
Like Tom said, this is a waste of time.
Like many students at our school, Tom stays up until late at night studying.
Like many other students, Tom rides a bicycle to school.
Let's split up and look for Tom.
Let's not start drinking until Tom gets here.
Let Tom do that by himself.
Let me tell you why I don't like Tom.
Leave Tom alone.
Keep a close eye on Tom and make sure he doesn't get into any trouble.
It's very unlikely that Tom's children inherited anything from him.
It's very unlikely that Tom wrote this report.
It's very unlikely that Tom will ever want to travel alone.
It's very unlikely that Tom will be fired.
It's very unlikely that Tom will agree to work for that salary.
It's very unlikely that Tom survived the crash.
It's very unlikely that Tom acts that way at home.
It's very unlikely that the teacher will believe Tom's excuse for not having his homework done on time.
It's very unlikely that any evidence will turn up to prove Tom's guilt.
It's unlikely that Tom will get out of prison anytime soon.
It's unlikely that Tom will ever return home.
It's unlikely that Tom will ever learn to play the mandolin.
It's unlikely that Tom will attend the meeting.
It's unlikely that the boss would consider giving Tom a raise.
It's unlikely that anyone other than Tom would be interested in buying this.
It's unlikely that anyone besides Tom would consider taking that job.
It's OK with me if Tom watches television after he finishes his homework.
It's been three years since Tom left Boston.
It's been three years since Tom has been to visit us.
It's because of you that Tom decided to go home early.
It's amazing how much trouble Tom is able to get into.
It's amazing how much time it takes Tom to wash his car.
It's amazing how much money Tom spends every week.
It's amazing how little time Tom spends with his children.
It's all Tom's fault.
It was late at night when Tom finally got home.
It was definitely Tom that I saw yesterday in the park.
It turns out that Tom never graduated from college.
It took Tom a few weeks to get used to working in his new office.
It seems that Tom can't swim.
It seemed that Tom wanted to attend the party.
It may seem obvious to Tom, but it doesn't seem obvious to me.
It may seem like Tom has forgotten all about the matter, but deep down inside, he's still torn up about it.
It may seem like just a little thing to you, but Tom is really worried about the whole thing.
It looks like Tom will eat the whole thing.
It looks like Tom is sleepy.
It looks like Tom is mad.
It looks like Tom has gained a little weight.
It doesn't make much sense to me, but Tom has decided not to go to college.
It doesn't make any difference to me whether Tom comes or not.
It can't hurt for you to spend a little time with Tom.
Isn't Tom forgetting something?
Isn't it strange that Tom isn't here by now?
Is Tom seriously thinking about not going to today's meeting?
Is this Tom's bag?
In the early afternoon, Tom decided that he just had to get out of the house.
In retrospect, Tom wishes he had spent more time studying.
In retrospect, Tom realized he shouldn't have been dating both sisters at the same time.
In his heart, Tom knew that he would never return.
If you ever do anything to hurt Tom, I'll kill you.
If Tom's girlfriend knew he was here now, she'd be very angry.
If Tom does that, he's sure to regret it.
If only I'd listened to what Tom said, I wouldn't be in this kind of trouble.
If I remember correctly, Tom used to be a carpenter.
I've seen Tom on TV many times.
I've never known Tom to break a promise.
I've made up my mind to ask Tom to forgive me.
I've heard that Tom can cook as well as, or better than, his wife.
I've had no problems with Tom.
I've figured out why Tom is always late.
I've figured out that the only way I can do this is to get Tom to help me.
I'm wondering whether Tom would ever consider helping me with my homework.
I'm the only person Tom knows who can play chess.
I'm the only person Tom knows in this town.
I'm sure that Tom would want you to go.
I'm pretty sure that Tom didn't eat all his dinner.
I'll do whatever I have to do to put Tom behind bars.
I wonder why Tom didn't show up last night.
I wonder who will help Tom decorate the Christmas tree.
I wonder when Tom will get here.
I wonder what Tom thinks of me.
I wonder what Tom ate for his Christmas dinner.
I wonder if we'll have enough money to buy Tom the painting he wanted.
I wonder if Tom will get here on time.
I wonder if Tom regrets what he did.
I wonder if Tom really meant what he said.
I wonder if Tom realizes how many hours a day I work.
I wonder if Tom realizes how lonely I am.
I wonder if Tom misses me when I'm gone.
I wonder if Tom has ever slept on a park bench.
I wonder if Tom has ever considered cycling to work.
I wonder if Tom has ever considered buying a smaller car.
I wonder if Tom ever works on Sunday.
I wonder if Tom ever cries.
I wonder how Tom will ever manage to pay for such an expensive wedding.
I wish you would stop calling me Tom.
I wish you would start calling me Tom.
I wish Tom wouldn't sing so loudly late at night.
I wish Tom wouldn't keep hassling me.
I wish Tom wouldn't keep bothering me.
I wish Tom wouldn't keep bothering me with questions.
I wish Tom wouldn't do that kind of thing.
I wish Tom wouldn't always be late.
I wish Tom would weed the garden.
I wish Tom would help me weed the garden.
I wish Tom would help me move the sofa.
I wish Tom were here.
I wish I hadn't punched Tom in the nose.
I wish I hadn't given Tom my grandfather's violin.
I wish I had as much money as Tom.
I wish I had as much energy as Tom.
I wish I had a butler like Tom.
I wish I could figure out how to make Tom happy.
I wish I could figure out how to get Tom to like me.
I wish I could figure out how to convince Tom to stay.
I wish I could figure out how to convince Tom to help us.
I was surprised to get a call from Tom.
I was just wondering if Tom has ever been over to your house for dinner.
I was just wondering if Tom could possibly still be at school.
I was just wondering if maybe Tom was the one who started the fire.
I was just telling Tom that he should go out and buy something to eat.
I wanted to ask Tom why he had never gotten married.
I wanted to ask Tom to come over to help me paint the ceiling.
I wanted to ask Tom if he'd ever consider changing jobs.
I wanted to ask Tom how long he had lived in India.
I told Tom to give me a call.
I told Tom that he should go to the meeting.
I think Tom's grandmother is too old to wear a miniskirt.
I think Tom's grandmother is too old to be wearing a bikini.
I think Tom won't go.
I think Tom won't fail the examination.
I think Tom won't come to our party.
I think Tom won't accomplish anything.
I think Tom will never become famous.
I think Tom was trying to make something to eat when we came to visit.
I think Tom means just what he said.
I think Tom is too young to retire.
I think Tom is too young to really understand women.
I think Tom is too young to really be in love.
I think Tom is too young to be dating.
I think Tom is too old to be dating my daughter.
I think Tom is going to get fired.
I think Tom doesn't have the ability to solve the problem.
I think that Tom hasn't left yet.
I think it's unlikely that Tom would ever move.
I think it's unlikely that Tom would be interested in buying your old MP3 player.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get elected.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will get back in time for supper.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will be arrested.
I think it's unlikely that the police will find Tom.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will get custody of the kids.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever face criminal charges.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will ever be satisfied.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will be allowed to keep the gold that he found.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom was not aware that he wouldn't be allowed to enter the museum without his parents.
I talked with Tom for over an hour before he said something that made me realize he wasn't a native speaker.
I suspect that Tom is a cold-blooded murderer.
I still think it's unlikely that we'll find any evidence to prove Tom's guilt.
I still think it's unlikely that we'll ever find someone to replace Tom.
I shouldn't have kissed Tom.
I shouldn't have gone to see Tom.
I should've listened to Tom's advice.
I saw Tom wiping his fingerprints off the doorknob.
I saw Tom standing near the exit.
I saw Tom on the stairs.
I saw Tom a while back.
I realized too late that I needed Tom's help.
I paid Tom one hundred dollars.
I never thought it'd be this hard to get Tom to accept the job.
I never thought it'd be this hard to find an appropriate birthday gift for Tom.
I never knew Tom's mother was Japanese.
I never imagined that my skills as a lawyer would be used to defend Tom.
I never for a moment imagined that you would show my letter to Tom.
I never for a moment imagined that Tom would be convicted.
I met Tom who said he had just been to the store.
I met a young man whose name was Tom.
I like the kind of music Tom composes.
I honestly didn't think Tom would show up.
I heard that Tom was working late last night with you. Is that true?
I heard that Tom had been smuggling drugs into America for years before he got caught.
I heard a strange noise coming from Tom's room last night.
I hear that Tom isn't in Boston now.
I have no doubt in my mind that Tom will show up at the auction.
I had no idea that Tom was going to leave me his estate.
I had no idea that Tom knew so much about zebras.
I found a box of Tom's things in the closet.
I doubt that Tom would remember me.
I doubt that Tom would help, but you should still ask him.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider selling his antique car.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider leaving his wife.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider going to Iraq.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider driving such a small car.
I doubt that Tom would behave in the way you suggested he did.
I doubt that Tom will run for president.
I doubt that Tom will get here on time.
I doubt that Tom will ever learn how to speak French properly.
I doubt that Tom will ever come back home.
I doubt that Tom was ever in any real danger.
I doubt that Tom understands what I tried to tell him.
I doubt that Tom planned to spend so much time on that project.
I doubt that Tom meant any harm.
I doubt that Tom is innocent.
I doubt that Tom is happy.
I doubt that Tom is happy with his new job.
I doubt that Tom is guilty.
I doubt that Tom is even interested in trying to learn Russian.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to stand up for what he believes in.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to do what really needs to be done.
I doubt that Tom has the courage to cross the picket line.
I doubt that Tom has finished his homework.
I doubt that Tom had to sell his car in order to raise money for medical expenses.
I doubt that Tom ever said that.
I doubt if Tom is single.
I don't want to hurt Tom again.
I don't think Tom was involved in the scandal.
I don't think Tom is in the mood to work right now.
I don't think Tom can deal with the situation.
I don't remember ever seeing Tom carrying a red bag.
I don't like it when Tom borrows money from me.
I don't know when Tom is planning to arrive.
I don't doubt that Tom will arrive on time.
I don't believe that Tom could have said such a thing.
I didn't think Tom would make it through the night, so I stayed by his bedside.
I didn't hear Tom leave.
I didn't agree to pay Tom that much.
I didn't agree to meet Tom.
I didn't agree to help Tom.
I can't understand why you don't want to eat with Tom.
I can't tell you why Tom is late.
I can't tell you when Tom will get here.
I can't tell you what Tom told me.
I can't help feeling sorry for Tom.
I can't believe Tom lied to my face about what happened.
I can't believe Tom ate the whole thing.
I can't believe that you made Tom cry.
I can still remember the time when Tom fell out of the tree.
I believe Tom is mistaken about that.
I ate dinner last night, but I don't think Tom did.
I asked Tom not to wear his sister's clothes.
I asked Tom if he could have it ready by 2:30.
How often does Tom take French lessons?
How often does Tom play hockey?
How many young people do you know that own as many cars as Tom does?
How do you know that Tom isn't a native speaker?
How did Tom start the fire?
How big is Tom's house?
Hang in there, Tom. Don't die.
Get Tom to help you.
Get Tom out of here.
From what I've heard, I think Tom is going to get fired.
Everybody I know thinks Tom is stuck up.
Even though Tom studied very hard, he failed the class.
Even though Tom still had tears in his eyes, he began to smile.
Even though Tom is only sixteen, he looks like he's over twenty.
Don't tell Tom about what we plan to do next weekend.
Don't tell Tom about what we did today.
Don't tell Tom about the party.
Does Tom usually wear a tie to work?
Does Tom usually put on sunscreen?
Does Tom enjoy watching horror movies?
Do you think Tom would consider dating my younger sister?
Do you think Tom is guilty?
Do you have any idea where Tom put the keys?
Do you have any idea what time Tom will come home?
Didn't Tom come to your house?
Did you know that Tom has a criminal record?
Did you know that Tom doesn't have a driver's license?
Did Tom meet the criteria for passing this class?
Did Tom arrive on time?
Could you show Tom how to use this application?
Could you help Tom pack his suitcase?
Could you give this to Tom?
Could you drive Tom home?
Can you remember the time we visited Tom when he was still a teenager?
Can you remember the summer Tom shaved his head?
Can you remember the first time you saw Tom?
Before Tom became famous, he was a junior high school art teacher.
Before the crash, Tom had been hoping to become a professional tennis player.
Because Tom admitted he had taken bribes, he didn't get reelected.
At the time of the incident, Tom was in his office.
As soon as the bell rang, Tom headed for the door.
Are you seriously thinking about giving Tom your computer?
Are you seriously thinking about changing your name to Tom?
Apparently, Tom's death was a suicide.
Apparently, Tom's car needs a new set of tires.
Apparently, Tom was late because there was a traffic jam on Rt. 19.
Apparently, Tom was already famous before he released that album.
Apparently, Tom has been cheating on his wife.
Almost all of Tom's money goes to supporting his family.
Almost all of Tom's friends are famous.
Almost all of Tom's free time is spent on a golf course.
Almost all of Tom's ex-wives still talk to him.
All I need to know about Tom is his phone number and email address.
All I know about Tom is that he's a teacher.
After the work day was over, Tom went home to his wife.
After polishing his shoes, Tom brushed his teeth and combed his hair.
After eating three dishes of ice cream, Tom had a stomachache.
After drinking three bottles of beer, Tom fell asleep.
You're wanted on the phone, Tom. It's Mary.
You'd better not tell Tom about what Mary did yesterday.
You'd be amazed how often I've seen Tom and Mary hanging out together.
You probably think Mary is cute.
You plan to go out dancing with Mary, don't you?
You never can tell what might happen if Tom meets Mary.
Yesterday, when Tom was backing up his car, he ran over Mary's bicycle.
Write down Tom's address for Mary.
Without Tom's help, Mary would have failed.
Without Tom's advice, Mary would have failed.
Without Tom, Mary would have no one to turn to.
Why would Tom want to kill Mary?
Why would Tom kill Mary?
Why do you think Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced?
Who's taller, Tom or Mary?
When was it that Tom visited Mary in the hospital?
What puzzles me most is why Tom even bothered to go see Mary.
What does Tom want to say to Mary?
What does Tom want Mary to do?
What does Tom think of Mary?
What does Tom see in Mary?
What does Tom really think of Mary?
What does Tom need to say to get Mary to forgive him?
What do you know about Mary's boyfriend?
What did Tom think Mary would say?
We're going to invite Tom and Mary to our Halloween party.
We watched Tom and Mary playing handball.
We plan to invite both Tom and Mary.
We haven't seen much of Tom since Mary committed suicide.
We believe that Tom killed Mary with an ice pick.
We believe that it was Tom that killed Mary.
We believe it was possible that Tom poisoned Mary.
Until then, Tom had never seen Mary in jeans.
Tom's the same age as Mary.
Tom's sister Mary is now in Boston.
Tom's room is only slightly larger than Mary's.
Tom's problems are nothing compared to Mary's.
Tom's parents don't want Tom and Mary to live together until after they are married.
Tom's house is near Mary's school.
Tom's dream is to travel around the world with Mary.
Tom's chauffeur opened the limousine's door for Mary.
Tom, I think we need to help Mary. It looks like she's in trouble.
Tom wrote a love letter to Mary, but she didn't read it.
Tom wouldn't speak to Mary.
Tom wouldn't let me help Mary.
Tom wouldn't let Mary in.
Tom wouldn't have been able to manage without Mary's support.
Tom wouldn't even talk to Mary after she had apologized to him.
Tom wouldn't be surprised if Mary decided not to go.
Tom wouldn't be happy living with Mary.
Tom would rather let Mary have her own way than to have an argument.
Tom worries about how Mary will make ends meet.
Tom wonders why Mary came here alone.
Tom wondered why Mary didn't tell him about it.
Tom wondered what could have made Mary change her mind.
Tom wondered if what Mary said was true.
Tom wondered if he should pretend to appreciate the dinner Mary made for him.
Tom won't ever be able to forgive Mary for cheating on him.
Tom woke Mary up at 6:30 as she had asked him to do.
Tom wishes Mary would come over for a visit.
Tom wiped the tears from Mary's eyes.
Tom wiped away Mary's tears.
Tom will never forget Mary's kindness.
Tom will never forget all the time Mary spent with him.
Tom will give Mary the details later.
Tom whispered something to Mary.
Tom whispered his darkest secret to Mary.
Tom went with Mary to the museum.
Tom went with Mary to Boston.
Tom went to the same school as Mary did.
Tom went to see Mary three days after that.
Tom went to see Mary the following Friday.
Tom went to church with Mary.
Tom went there to talk to Mary.
Tom went there to meet Mary.
Tom went shopping with Mary.
Tom went shopping with Mary last weekend.
Tom watched Mary dance.
Tom wasn't polite to Mary.
Tom wasn't allowed to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom wasn't able to talk to Mary.
Tom wasn't able to meet Mary.
Tom wasn't able to contact Mary by phone.
Tom wasn't able to answer Mary's question.
Tom was wrong to refuse Mary's help.
Tom was warned not to bully Mary again.
Tom was waiting for Mary.
Tom was very rude to Mary.
Tom was very kind to Mary.
Tom was upset when Mary walked out on him.
Tom was talking to Mary with a smile on his face.
Tom was surprised to see how skimpy Mary's new swimsuit was.
Tom was surprised to hear Mary had gotten married.
Tom was surprised that Mary showed up.
Tom was surprised that Mary had changed so much.
Tom was surprised that Mary complained so much.
Tom was surprised that Mary bought such a small car.
Tom was surprised by Mary's behavior.
Tom was sound asleep when Mary walked into the room.
Tom was shocked to hear that Mary had been injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was scared Mary would shoot him with her father's rifle.
Tom was positive that the camera Mary had was his, but it wasn't.
Tom was not permitted to tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom was never able to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom was looking forward to seeing Mary again.
Tom was looking forward to going to a movie with Mary.
Tom was looking at the pictures that Mary took when I entered the room.
Tom was lonely without Mary.
Tom was laughed at by Mary.
Tom was kissing Mary when I walked into the classroom.
Tom was kissed by Mary.
Tom was just trying to get a rise out of Mary.
Tom was impatient to see Mary again.
Tom was humiliated by Mary.
Tom was hired to supervise the production of Mary's music video.
Tom was happy to see Mary again.
Tom was guilty of spreading lies about Mary.
Tom was glad to hear Mary's voice.
Tom was flattered by Mary's attention.
Tom was eating lunch with Mary at that time.
Tom was dying to meet Mary.
Tom was disappointed to hear that Mary was already married.
Tom was disappointed in Mary's performance.
Tom was determined to kiss Mary.
Tom was determined to kill Mary.
Tom was confused by Mary's question.
Tom was completely taken in by Mary.
Tom was born the year after Mary was born.
Tom was always mean to Mary.
Tom was afraid that Mary might change her mind.
Tom was afraid of Mary's temper.
Tom was afraid of getting in trouble if he told Mary where he had really been.
Tom was advised by Mary not to go there by himself.
Tom was able to help Mary.
Tom was able to get home before Mary did.
Tom warned Mary not to be late.
Tom wants to see Mary again.
Tom wants to play golf with Mary's father.
Tom wants to make Mary happy.
Tom wants to hug Mary.
Tom wants to go out with Mary.
Tom wants to get in touch with Mary.
Tom wants to be with Mary.
Tom wants Mary to be safe.
Tom wanted to understand why Mary didn't like him.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary face to face.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about it.
Tom wanted to surprise Mary.
Tom wanted to help Mary.
Tom wanted to be the first to shake hands with Mary after her concert.
Tom wanted to ask Mary how old she was, but he thought that maybe he shouldn't.
Tom wanted Mary to win.
Tom wanted Mary to stay a little bit longer.
Tom wanted Mary to sing his favorite song.
Tom wanted Mary to pose in the nude for his painting, but she refused to do so.
Tom wanted Mary to help him solve the problem.
Tom walked right into Mary's trap.
Tom walked Mary to the gate.
Tom walked as fast as he could to catch up with Mary.
Tom waited patiently for Mary.
Tom waited a long time for Mary, but she never showed up.
Tom volunteered to help Mary.
Tom visited Mary on Sunday morning.
Tom visited Mary on October 20th.
Tom visited Mary in Boston.
Tom vaguely remembers meeting Mary.
Tom usually walks to school with Mary.
Tom used to think Mary was the most beautiful woman in the world.
Tom used to tell Mary stories about when he lived in Boston.
Tom used to speak French better than Mary.
Tom used to play tennis with Mary.
Tom used to love Mary. Now he can't stand her.
Tom used to love Mary.
Tom used to love Mary, but that was years ago.
Tom used to live near Mary.
Tom used to help Mary with her homework.
Tom used to hate Mary. Now he loves her.
Tom used to go to school with Mary.
Tom used to go out with Mary.
Tom used to go mountain climbing with Mary.
Tom used to enjoy being with Mary.
Tom used to date Mary.
Tom used to be married to Mary.
Tom urged Mary to study harder.
Tom urged Mary to drive carefully.
Tom understood what Mary was saying.
Tom turned to Mary for advice.
Tom tried to warn Mary, but she ignored him.
Tom tried to stop Mary from drinking the last bottle of wine.
Tom tried to stay away from Mary.
Tom tried to rescue Mary.
Tom tried to prove Mary's guilt.
Tom tried to persuade Mary.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to quit smoking.
Tom tried to never think of Mary.
Tom tried to kill Mary.
Tom tried to get the splinter out of Mary's finger.
Tom tried to find out where Mary had gone.
Tom tried to explain the situation to Mary.
Tom tried to elicit a response from Mary.
Tom tried to cheer Mary up, but she kept on crying.
Tom tried to catch up with Mary, but he couldn't.
Tom tried to avoid looking at Mary.
Tom tried moving the bookcase without Mary's help.
Tom tried his hardest to persuade Mary.
Tom tricked Mary into doing his work for him.
Tom treated Mary very well.
Tom treated Mary like his own daughter.
Tom tore Mary's letter in half.
Tom took out his anger on Mary.
Tom took Mary in his arms.
Tom took home Mary's umbrella by mistake.
Tom took a picture of Mary standing under the cherry tree.
Tom told the police that Mary was missing.
Tom told me that he had not gone shopping with Mary.
Tom told me that he could see no reason why he shouldn't accept Mary's offer.
Tom told Mary what to do.
Tom told Mary to wash the dishes.
Tom told Mary to wash her face.
Tom told Mary to wait a little longer.
Tom told Mary to try harder.
Tom told Mary to mow the lawn.
Tom told Mary to make sure that she wasn't late.
Tom told Mary to listen carefully, but she didn't.
Tom told Mary to go next door and see if the neighbors needed any help.
Tom told Mary to give him a call after dinner.
Tom told Mary to behave herself.
Tom told Mary to be quiet.
Tom told Mary to be more careful.
Tom told Mary to be home by 2:30.
Tom told Mary the whole story.
Tom told Mary the truth.
Tom told Mary the secret.
Tom told Mary that she was wrong.
Tom told Mary that she was right.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't swim.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't go out in this kind of weather.
Tom told Mary that she looked beautiful.
Tom told Mary that she couldn't just make up the rules as she went along.
Tom told Mary that she could do whatever she wanted to do.
Tom told Mary that she could do whatever she liked.
Tom told Mary that it would probably snow all day.
Tom told Mary that he'd look into the problem.
Tom told Mary that he'd go to Boston in October.
Tom told Mary that he'd be free tomorrow.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be able finish the job in the amount of time she'd given him.
Tom told Mary that he would be quitting his job and going back to Boston.
Tom told Mary that he was the captain of the wrestling team.
Tom told Mary that he was happy.
Tom told Mary that he was going to kill himself, but he didn't have the courage to do it.
Tom told Mary that he loved her.
Tom told Mary that he had to leave before 2:30.
Tom told Mary that he had finished the work she had asked him to do.
Tom told Mary that he had finished the work a few days ago.
Tom told Mary that he didn't love her.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't live without her.
Tom told Mary that he couldn't allow her to do that.
Tom told Mary not to worry.
Tom told Mary not to waste her money on such a thing.
Tom told Mary not to swim there.
Tom told Mary not to swim alone.
Tom told Mary not to study so hard.
Tom told Mary not to play with fire.
Tom told Mary not to go.
Tom told Mary not to go there alone.
Tom told Mary not to be late.
Tom told Mary not to be late again.
Tom told Mary his phone number.
Tom told Mary his age.
Tom told Mary he wanted a divorce.
Tom told Mary and her children an interesting story.
Tom told Mary an interesting story.
Tom told Mary all about his childhood.
Tom told Mary a racist joke.
Tom tied Mary to the chair.
Tom threw Mary's book into the fire.
Tom threw Mary the ball.
Tom threw Mary out of the bar.
Tom threatened to kill Mary.
Tom threatened Mary.
Tom thought that Mary was hiding something from him.
Tom thought only of Mary.
Tom thought Mary's offer was unreasonable.
Tom thought it would be difficult for Mary to get a ticket to that concert.
Tom thought it would be dangerous for Mary to go alone.
Tom thought about Mary a lot.
Tom thinks that Mary is afraid of snakes.
Tom thinks that Mary drinks too much coffee.
Tom thinks Mary will divorce her husband.
Tom thinks Mary is still in Boston.
Tom thinks Mary is over forty.
Tom thinks Mary is guilty.
Tom thinks it's time for Mary to ask for help.
Tom thinks it's better not to lend Mary any money.
Tom thinks it possible for Mary to get a job with that company.
Tom thinks it impossible for Mary to break the record.
Tom thinks it important for Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom thinks he can trust Mary.
Tom thinks he can trust Mary not to do something stupid.
Tom thanked Mary for her help.
Tom thanked Mary for her advice.
Tom thanked Mary for helping him.
Tom thanked Mary for all her help.
Tom testified against Mary.
Tom terrified Mary.
Tom teased Mary.
Tom taught Mary how to swim.
Tom taught Mary how to play the piano.
Tom taught Mary how to bake bread.
Tom talked with Mary for nearly an hour.
Tom talked with Mary all night.
Tom talked to Mary on the telephone.
Tom talked to Mary after class.
Tom talked Mary into joining our band.
Tom talked Mary into going to the concert with him.
Tom talked Mary into buying a new computer.
Tom takes a walk with Mary and her dog every day.
Tom sympathized with Mary.
Tom surprised Mary with an expensive gift.
Tom surprised Mary with a kiss.
Tom suggested that I write Mary a letter.
Tom suggested that I go to a movie with Mary.
Tom suggested that I accompany Mary to the party.
Tom suffocated Mary with a feather pillow.
Tom stopped to talk to Mary.
Tom stood close to Mary.
Tom stole Mary's computer.
Tom stole all of Mary's money.
Tom stole a lot of money from Mary.
Tom still loves Mary.
Tom still has feelings for Mary.
Tom still can't get Mary out of his head.
Tom stepped aside to allow Mary to pass.
Tom stays in touch with Mary.
Tom stayed in touch with Mary.
Tom stared at Mary.
Tom stared at Mary from across the room.
Tom stabbed Mary with a spear.
Tom stabbed Mary with a hunting knife.
Tom stabbed Mary in the neck with his ballpoint pen.
Tom stabbed Mary in the back.
Tom spoke to Mary in private about the matter.
Tom spent all the money he had to buy Mary a Christmas present.
Tom spends all his time thinking about Mary.
Tom spends a majority of his time helping Mary.
Tom spends a lot of time with Mary.
Tom spends a lot of time helping Mary do her homework.
Tom soon caught up with Mary.
Tom sometimes sees Mary on the street in front of his house.
Tom sometimes plays tennis with Mary.
Tom sold the necklace to Mary for a very low price.
Tom sold Mary his car.
Tom smuggled a bottle of whiskey into Mary's hospital room.
Tom smiled at Mary.
Tom slit Mary's throat.
Tom slipped some money into Mary's hand.
Tom slapped Mary.
Tom showed Mary the way.
Tom showed Mary some pictures of his hometown.
Tom showed Mary how to use the washing machine.
Tom showed Mary how to do it.
Tom showed Mary around the city.
Tom showed his photo album to Mary.
Tom shouted Mary's name as loud as he could, but she didn't hear him.
Tom shouted at the top of his lungs so Mary could hear him over the sound of the waterfall.
Tom shouldn't wait for Mary for more than ten minutes.
Tom shouldn't trust Mary.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary anything about his past.
Tom shouldn't tell Mary anything about his ex-girlfriends.
Tom shouldn't say such rude things to Mary.
Tom shouldn't make fun of Mary's limp.
Tom shouldn't make fun of Mary.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary.
Tom shouldn't have told Mary his secrets.
Tom shouldn't have stolen Mary's money.
Tom shouldn't have made Mary angry.
Tom shouldn't have kept Mary waiting so long.
Tom shouldn't have given Mary a diamond ring.
Tom shouldn't have driven Mary's car.
Tom shouldn't have borrowed Mary's car.
Tom should tell Mary the truth.
Tom should know better than to ask Mary for a loan.
Tom should help Mary with the housework.
Tom should have told Mary the truth.
Tom should have paid attention to what Mary said.
Tom should have listened to Mary more carefully.
Tom should have known better than to trust Mary.
Tom should have known better than to lend money to Mary.
Tom should have known better than to kiss Mary in public.
Tom should have known better than to call Mary after midnight.
Tom should have known better than to believe Mary.
Tom should have invited Mary, but he didn't.
Tom should have helped Mary move the sofa.
Tom should have followed Mary's advice.
Tom should have done it the way Mary told him to do it.
Tom should've asked Mary for help.
Tom should have apologized to Mary.
Tom should go to see Mary in the hospital this afternoon.
Tom should do what Mary says.
Tom should do as Mary suggests.
Tom should definitely go visit Mary next weekend.
Tom should definitely ask for Mary's opinion.
Tom should be more careful not to bother Mary while she's working.
Tom should be careful not to underestimate Mary.
Tom should ask Mary how to do it.
Tom should ask Mary for advice.
Tom should apologize to Mary for not arriving on time.
Tom should apologize to Mary for being so rude to her mother.
Tom shot Mary with a speargun.
Tom shot Mary with a shotgun.
Tom shot Mary with a crossbow.
Tom shot Mary three times.
Tom shot at Mary, but he missed.
Tom shook hands with Mary.
Tom shared the apartment with Mary and three other friends.
Tom shared his lunch with Mary.
Tom shared a room with his younger sister Mary.
Tom set the table for dinner while Mary cooked.
Tom set fire to Mary's house.
Tom sent money to Mary to help her pay for school expenses.
Tom sent Mary some flowers.
Tom sent Mary home.
Tom sent Mary a three-page letter.
Tom sent Mary a message.
Tom sensed that Mary was in pain.
Tom seldom speaks to Mary.
Tom seldom laughed at Mary's jokes.
Tom seems to have misunderstood Mary.
Tom seems to believe everything Mary says.
Tom seems to be involved with Mary.
Tom seems to be interested in Mary.
Tom seems to always get along well with Mary.
Tom scolded Mary for not calling to say she'd be late.
Tom scolded Mary for not arriving on time.
Tom says that he'll pick Mary up at 2:30.
Tom says that he heard a similar story from Mary.
Tom says that he has no trouble understanding Mary's French.
Tom says that he can't believe anything Mary says.
Tom says that he always feels tense when Mary is in the room.
Tom says that he always enjoys playing cards with Mary.
Tom says he saw who crashed into Mary's car.
Tom says he can't put up with Mary's behavior any longer.
Tom says he can't imagine life without Mary.
Tom says he can't ignore Mary's behavior any longer.
Tom saw me give Mary some money.
Tom saw Mary earlier this week.
Tom saw Mary at the party.
Tom saw Mary again.
Tom sat next to Mary.
Tom sat next to Mary on the bus.
Tom sat next to Mary in class.
Tom sat next to Mary at the concert.
Tom sat down beside Mary.
Tom sat beside Mary.
Tom sat across from Mary.
Tom said that Mary was stupid.
Tom said that Mary had a cold.
Tom said that he was eager to eat lunch with Mary.
Tom said that he wanted to make Mary happy.
Tom said that he loved Mary.
Tom said that he felt sorry for Mary.
Tom said nothing about Mary's black eye.
Tom said Mary would come.
Tom said he'd help Mary with her plan.
Tom said he had seen Mary a couple of months ago.
Tom said he didn't care about Mary's past even though he really did.
Tom said he didn't answer Mary's letter, because he was busy.
Tom said he could give Mary some money.
Tom robbed Mary of all her money.
Tom risked his life to save Mary.
Tom respects Mary a lot.
Tom reported Mary missing.
Tom reminded Mary to go to the bank before 5:00.
Tom remembers that Mary was kind of cute.
Tom remembers telling Mary the story about how he had escaped from being eaten by cannibals.
Tom remembers giving Mary the key to the suitcase.
Tom remembered how beautiful Mary had been when he first met her.
Tom relied on Mary.
Tom regrets telling Mary his telephone number.
Tom regrets having told Mary about the incident.
Tom regrets having been rude to Mary.
Tom refused to talk to Mary.
Tom refused to let Mary in.
Tom refused to let Mary go out and play in the rain.
Tom refused to give Mary any information.
Tom refused to continue to ignore the way Mary was behaving at school.
Tom refused to believe that Mary was guilty.
Tom refused to believe that Mary didn't like him.
Tom refused to accept the gift from Mary.
Tom refused Mary's offer to help.
Tom refused Mary's offer to drive him home.
Tom recognized Mary immediately.
Tom recognized Mary by her voice.
Tom recognized Mary as soon as he saw her.
Tom received a letter from Mary this morning.
Tom really needs to tell Mary the truth.
Tom really enjoys talking with Mary, doesn't he?
Tom read the letter to Mary.
Tom read about Mary's accident in the newspaper.
Tom read a poem to Mary.
Tom put a diamond ring on Mary's finger.
Tom pushed Mary out the door.
Tom pushed Mary off the diving board.
Tom purposely wore his shirt inside out just to irritate Mary.
Tom pulled Mary out of the quicksand.
Tom proposed to Mary.
Tom promised to meet Mary at the usual time and the usual place.
Tom promised to help Mary with her homework.
Tom promised Mary that he'd pay back all the money that he'd borrowed from her.
Tom promised Mary that he'd meet her last night, but he never showed up.
Tom promised Mary that he'd meet her after school.
Tom promised Mary that he'd keep their engagement secret.
Tom promised Mary that he'd come home early today.
Tom promised Mary that he'd be more careful in the future.
Tom promised Mary that he'd be home by 5:30.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't tell anybody.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't do that again.
Tom promised Mary he'd come home early.
Tom promised Mary he'd be here by 2:30.
Tom promised he'd tell Mary the news.
Tom promised he'd help Mary.
Tom probably got tired of waiting for Mary and left.
Tom pretended not to understand what Mary was saying.
Tom pretended not to know who Mary was.
Tom pretended not to know Mary's email address.
Tom pretended not to know anything about Mary.
Tom pretended not to hear Mary.
Tom pressured Mary to quit.
Tom prepared Mary for the bad news.
Tom prepared lunch for Mary.
Tom predicted Mary would win the race.
Tom prayed for Mary's safe return.
Tom prayed for Mary to get well.
Tom praised Mary for always being on time.
Tom poured Mary a cup of coffee.
Tom poured a cup of tea for Mary.
Tom postponed his party until Mary got out of the hospital.
Tom pointed out the mistakes that Mary had made.
Tom pointed out Mary's mistakes.
Tom pointed at Mary.
Tom plays the xylophone better than Mary does.
Tom plays the baritone saxophone and Mary plays the alto saxophone.
Tom goes out with Mary three or four times a month.
Tom played the oboe and Mary accompanied him on the piano.
Tom played the accordion while Mary danced.
Tom played cards with Mary.
Tom played a waltz on the piano using only his thumbs and Mary was very impressed.
Tom plans to see Mary on Monday.
Tom plans to go visit Mary in Boston one of these days.
Tom plans to go skiing with Mary.
Tom plans to go out dancing with Mary, doesn't he?
Tom pitched the tent while Mary started the fire.
Tom picked up a stone and threw it at Mary.
Tom picked some pink flowers for Mary.
Tom picked out an interesting book for Mary to read.
Tom picked Mary up at the station.
Tom picked a fight with Mary.
Tom persuaded Mary to lend him her new car.
Tom persuaded Mary to join our band.
Tom persuaded Mary to go to the party.
Tom persuaded Mary to go on a date with him.
Tom persuaded Mary to change her mind.
Tom persuaded Mary that she should try again.
Tom persuaded Mary not to go.
Tom persuaded Mary not to go swimming by herself.
Tom peeped in the window and saw that Mary was still sleeping.
Tom passed by Mary's house the day before yesterday.
Tom parked his car behind Mary's house.
Tom painted a picture of Mary's dog.
Tom painted a picture for Mary.
Tom paid no attention to what Mary said.
Tom paid no attention to Mary's advice.
Tom paid no attention to Mary all afternoon.
Tom owes Mary slightly over a thousand dollars.
Tom ought to have told Mary the truth.
Tom ordered some pie and so did Mary.
Tom ordered beer for himself and red wine for Mary.
Tom ordered a beer for himself and a gin tonic for Mary.
Tom opened the door for Mary.
Tom only saw Mary once.
Tom only had a dim recollection of what Mary looked like.
Tom only got the gist of what Mary was saying.
Tom only allowed Mary to watch three hours of television a week.
Tom often thinks of Mary when he hears a string quartet.
Tom often talks with Mary.
Tom often runs into Mary at the supermarket.
Tom often runs errands for Mary.
Tom often plays tennis with Mary after school.
Tom often helps Mary.
Tom often helps Mary do her homework.
Tom often hangs out with Mary on weekends.
Tom often goes to the movies with Mary.
Tom often goes for walks with Mary.
Tom offered to help Mary.
Tom offered to help Mary pay for a babysitter.
Tom offered to help Mary find her lost puppy.
Tom offered Mary some money, but she refused to take it.
Tom offered Mary a job and she accepted.
Tom occasionally visited Mary at her parents' house.
Tom now knows that he shouldn't have borrowed money from Mary.
Tom noticed that Mary was wearing a new bracelet.
Tom noticed that Mary was following him.
Tom noticed Mary's hands shaking.
Tom noticed Mary the moment she entered the room.
Tom noticed Mary the moment he entered the room.
Tom noticed a change in Mary.
Tom no longer loves Mary.
Tom never visited Mary in the hospital.
Tom never thought about Mary while she was away.
Tom never seems to get upset no matter what Mary does.
Tom never received the money Mary sent him.
Tom never read the book that Mary gave him.
Tom never liked Mary.
Tom never got to meet Mary.
Tom never drinks beer when Mary is around.
Tom never dreamed that Mary would ever leave him.
Tom never agrees with Mary.
Tom needs to talk to Mary.
Tom needs to hear the bad news directly from Mary.
Tom needs Mary's help.
Tom needed some money to buy something for Mary.
Tom must let Mary know sooner or later.
Tom must have seen Mary when he visited Boston.
Tom must have seen Mary this afternoon.
Tom must be Mary's father.
Tom must be Mary's brother.
Tom must be Mary's boyfriend.
Tom must be furious with Mary.
Tom must be angry with Mary.
Tom must be angry with Mary for what she did.
Tom misses Mary a lot.
Tom missed the opportunity to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom might have visited Mary in Boston last week. I'm not sure.
Tom might have left his umbrella in Mary's car.
Tom might have left his car key in Mary's room.
Tom might go to the zoo with Mary this coming Saturday.
Tom met Mary three years ago.
Tom met Mary this morning on his way to school.
Tom met Mary by chance on his way home from school.
Tom met a friend of Mary's at the airport.
Tom mentioned the incident to Mary.
Tom managed to make time to visit Mary while he was in Boston.
Tom managed to find Mary's house.
Tom made some tea for Mary.
Tom made Mary wait for a long time.
Tom made Mary swim.
Tom made Mary happy.
Tom made Mary go first.
Tom made Mary cry.
Tom made Mary change her plans.
Tom made Mary carry his suitcase.
Tom made Mary a cake for her party.
Tom made it plain that he wanted Mary to do the work by herself.
Tom made it clear that he didn't like Mary.
Tom made it clear that he didn't like Mary very much.
Tom made fun of Mary's accent.
Tom made fun of Mary.
Tom made cookies for Mary's children.
Tom made a necklace for Mary.
Tom made a mistake in choosing Mary for the job.
Tom lowered his voice and told Mary that he loved her.
Tom loves Mary's sense of humor.
Tom loves Mary's children.
Tom loves Mary, but she doesn't love him.
Tom loves Mary with all his heart.
Tom loved the color of Mary's new dress.
Tom loved Mary very much.
Tom lost sight of Mary in the crowd.
Tom lost his temper and shouted at Mary.
Tom lost his temper and hit Mary.
Tom looked really happy when Mary entered the room.
Tom looked over his shoulder to see if Mary was still following him.
Tom looked grouchy, so Mary didn't approach him.
Tom looked everywhere for Mary, but couldn't find her.
Tom looked at Mary suspiciously.
Tom looked around the room, but couldn't see Mary.
Tom lives with Mary in a small apartment near my house.
Tom lives on a farm with his wife, Mary, not too far from Boston.
Tom lives next door to Mary.
Tom lives near Mary.
Tom lives about twenty minutes away from Mary.
Tom listened to what Mary had to say without showing any emotion.
Tom likes to listen to Mary sing.
Tom likes the way Mary looks.
Tom likes the same kind of stuff that Mary likes.
Tom likes taking walks with Mary.
Tom likes spending time with Mary.
Tom likes not only Mary but Alice as well.
Tom likes Mary's younger sister more than he likes Mary.
Tom likes Mary's long black hair.
Tom likes Mary very much.
Tom likes cooking for Mary.
Tom lied to Mary.
Tom lied about his age, so Mary thought he was much older than he really was.
Tom let me read the letter he had received from Mary.
Tom let me down and he also let Mary down.
Tom let Mary take the credit for organizing the party.
Tom let Mary swim.
Tom let Mary pay the bill.
Tom let Mary know the truth.
Tom let Mary go.
Tom let go of Mary's hand.
Tom lent thirty dollars to Mary.
Tom lent Mary his camera.
Tom lent Mary his bicycle last week.
Tom lent his camera to Mary.
Tom left the water running and Mary got angry.
Tom left the matter entirely in Mary's hands.
Tom left the house shortly after Mary left.
Tom left the final decision to Mary.
Tom left some money for Mary.
Tom left some food for Mary.
Tom left Mary's bag in the car.
Tom left Mary for another woman.
Tom left Mary and went to live with another woman.
Tom left Mary a note.
Tom left Mary a message.
Tom left his wife for Mary.
Tom left before Mary arrived.
Tom left a note for Mary.
Tom left a message on Mary's answering machine.
Tom learned later that Mary wasn't planning to live in Boston.
Tom learned a lot from Mary.
Tom lay awake almost all night thinking about Mary.
Tom laughed at some of Mary's jokes, but he thought some of them weren't very funny.
Tom laughed at Mary's joke.
Tom laughed at Mary.
Tom laughed at all of Mary's jokes.
Tom laughed at all of Mary's jokes, even the ones he didn't think were funny.
Tom knows why Mary decided not to go on the picnic with him.
Tom knows who Mary is.
Tom knows who crashed into Mary's car.
Tom knows where Mary lives.
Tom knows what to say to make Mary forgive him.
Tom knows what to do when Mary has an epileptic seizure.
Tom knows what Mary said.
Tom knows the man Mary came with.
Tom knows that Mary went to Boston.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't like raw eggs.
Tom knows that Mary doesn't know the answer.
Tom knows some of Mary's friends.
Tom knows quite a lot about Mary.
Tom knows nothing about Mary's family.
Tom knows Mary's father.
Tom knows Mary's dog's name.
Tom knows Mary very well.
Tom knows Mary likes reggae.
Tom knows how to make Mary happy.
Tom knows how to get on Mary's good side.
Tom knows he can count on Mary.
Tom knows exactly how Mary feels.
Tom knows better than to lend Mary money.
Tom knows better than to fight with Mary.
Tom knows better than to argue with Mary.
Tom knows almost nothing about Mary.
Tom knows a girl named Mary.
Tom knocked on Mary's door.
Tom knocked Mary down.
Tom knew where Mary was, but he wouldn't tell the police where she was.
Tom knew that Mary was rich.
Tom knew that Mary was busy.
Tom knew that Mary was a teacher.
Tom knew that Mary loved him.
Tom knew that Mary had done her best.
Tom knew Mary would arrive late.
Tom knew better than to say such a thing to Mary.
Tom knew better than to ask Mary such a stupid question.
Tom knew better than to argue with Mary.
Tom kissed Mary.
Tom kissed Mary on the forehead.
Tom kissed Mary on the cheek.
Tom kissed Mary lightly on the cheek.
Tom kissed Mary good night.
Tom killed Mary.
Tom killed Mary because he found out she had started the fire that had killed his family.
Tom kicked Mary.
Tom kicked down the door and entered Mary's room.
Tom kept talking and didn't let Mary get a word in edgewise.
Tom kept on talking even though Mary had fallen asleep.
Tom kept Mary waiting for three hours.
Tom kept Mary waiting for a long time.
Tom just can't seem to get along with Mary.
Tom just can't get along with Mary.
Tom isn't willing to ask Mary for help.
Tom isn't sure where Mary has gone.
Tom isn't Mary's son, but her nephew.
Tom isn't Mary's father, but her uncle.
Tom isn't Mary's cousin.
Tom isn't Mary's brother. He's her cousin.
Tom isn't likely to agree with Mary's suggestion.
Tom isn't interested in Mary.
Tom isn't good enough for Mary.
Tom isn't as young as Mary.
Tom isn't as tall as Mary.
Tom isn't as old as Mary.
Tom isn't alone in thinking that Mary is the most beautiful girl in his class.
Tom is wrong to lay the blame on Mary.
Tom is worried about what might have happened to Mary.
Tom is worried about Mary's health.
Tom is worried about Mary.
Tom is willing to pay Mary whatever she asks for.
Tom is willing to do almost anything for Mary.
Tom is willing to back Mary up.
Tom is waiting for Mary to call.
Tom is unwilling to help Mary with her homework.
Tom is twice as old as Mary.
Tom is twice as old as Mary is.
Tom is twice as heavy as Mary.
Tom is trying to wake Mary up.
Tom is trying to avoid arguing with Mary.
Tom is totally disgusted with Mary's behavior.
Tom is too good for Mary.
Tom is throwing a surprise birthday party for Mary next Saturday.
Tom is three years younger than Mary.
Tom is three years younger than Mary is.
Tom is three years older than Mary.
Tom is three years older than Mary is.
Tom is three years behind Mary at school.
Tom is three years ahead of Mary at school.
Tom is three inches taller than Mary.
Tom is the same age as Mary.
Tom is the same age as Mary is.
Tom is the right man for Mary.
Tom is the only student at this school that Mary knows.
Tom is the only person who could have stolen Mary's necklace.
Tom is the only person that has any chance to persuade Mary.
Tom is the only person Mary knows who enjoys opera.
Tom is the only member of the baseball team that Mary knows.
Tom is the only friend Mary has.
Tom is the only boy Mary knows who is afraid of rabbits.
Tom is the only American Mary knows whose father wasn't born in America.
Tom is the only adult Mary knows who can't drive.
Tom is the man Mary met the other day.
Tom is the guy that Mary wanted.
Tom is thankful that Mary came to help.
Tom is taller than both Mary and her brother.
Tom is taking a walk with Mary and should be back before long.
Tom is sure that Mary will refuse.
Tom is sure that Mary didn't really go to Boston last week.
Tom is sure Mary is right.
Tom is supposed to meet Mary at 2:30.
Tom is supposed to help Mary do the laundry.
Tom is still not talking to Mary.
Tom is still in love with Mary.
Tom is standing close to Mary in that picture.
Tom is shorter than Mary.
Tom is secretly in love with Mary.
Tom is related to Mary.
Tom is related to Mary by marriage.
Tom is probably a bit older than Mary.
Tom is positive that Mary is wrong.
Tom is playing cards with Mary.
Tom is planning a surprise birthday party for Mary.
Tom is planning a birthday party for Mary.
Tom is one of Mary's neighbors.
Tom is one of Mary's best friends.
Tom is on good terms with Mary.
Tom is on bad terms with Mary.
Tom is older than Mary.
Tom is now talking with Mary over near the fountain.
Tom is no match for Mary.
Tom is much younger than Mary.
Tom is much taller than Mary.
Tom is much older than Mary.
Tom is much more relaxed when Mary isn't around.
Tom is more famous than Mary.
Tom is Mary's uncle.
Tom is Mary's teacher.
Tom is Mary's son-in-law.
Tom is Mary's significant other.
Tom is Mary's nephew.
Tom is Mary's neighbor.
Tom is Mary's husband's best friend.
Tom is Mary's husband.
Tom is Mary's grandson.
Tom is Mary's grandfather.
Tom is Mary's friend.
Tom is Mary's former husband.
Tom is Mary's father-in-law.
Tom is Mary's ex-husband.
Tom is Mary's ex-boyfriend.
Tom is Mary's current boyfriend.
Tom is Mary's cousin.
Tom is Mary's brother.
Tom is Mary's brother, not her father.
Tom is Mary's brother-in-law.
Tom is Mary's boyfriend.
Tom is Mary's boss.
Tom is Mary's best friend.
Tom is married to Mary.
Tom is madly in love with Mary.
Tom is looking forward to seeing Mary this coming weekend.
Tom is looking forward to seeing Mary again.
Tom is looking for someone to take Mary's place.
Tom is looking for Mary.
Tom is likely older than Mary.
Tom is kind to Mary.
Tom is just slightly taller than Mary.
Tom is indebted to Mary.
Tom is in the kitchen with Mary cooking dinner.
Tom is in love with Mary.
Tom is helping Mary.
Tom is head over heels in love with Mary.
Tom is happiest when he is with Mary.
Tom is half Mary's age.
Tom is grateful to Mary for all her help.
Tom is going to write a letter to Mary.
Tom is going to visit Mary tomorrow.
Tom is going to the concert with Mary.
Tom is going to see Mary today.
Tom is going out this afternoon with Mary.
Tom is going on a picnic tomorrow with Mary.
Tom is friends with Mary.
Tom is friendly with Mary.
Tom is fed up with Mary.
Tom is far from satisfied with Mary's work.
Tom is faithful to Mary.
Tom is extremely thankful to Mary for her help.
Tom is engaged to Mary's younger sister.
Tom is engaged to Mary.
Tom is eager to meet Mary again.
Tom is distantly related to Mary.
Tom is deeply in love with Mary.
Tom is counting on Mary's help.
Tom is convinced that Mary is wrong.
Tom is convinced of Mary's innocence.
Tom is concerned about Mary's safety.
Tom is concerned about Mary's health.
Tom is certain that Mary will come to school today.
Tom is being blackmailed by Mary.
Tom is anxious to know how Mary is.
Tom is angry with Mary.
Tom is angry at Mary.
Tom is always giving presents to Mary.
Tom is always complaining about what Mary does.
Tom is always complaining about Mary.
Tom is always complaining about how much Mary spends.
Tom is afraid of Mary.
Tom is acquainted with Mary.
Tom is about as old as Mary is.
Tom is a little concerned about Mary.
Tom is a friend of Mary's.
Tom is a better swimmer than Mary is.
Tom invited me to Mary's party even though she didn't want me there.
Tom invited Mary to his party.
Tom invited Mary to his house.
Tom invited Mary to dinner.
Tom invited Mary over to eat dinner.
Tom invited Mary and her friends to dinner.
Tom invested all his money in the company that Mary and her father managed.
Tom interpreted for Mary.
Tom intended to tell Mary everything.
Tom insulted Mary. That's why she's so upset.
Tom insulted Mary.
Tom insisted that Mary go there by herself.
Tom insisted on helping Mary.
Tom informed Mary of his decision to sell the house.
Tom ignored most of Mary's advice.
Tom ignored Mary's warning.
Tom ignored Mary's advice.
Tom ignored Mary.
Tom ignored Mary almost all day, but finally talked to her just after dinner.
Tom ignored all of Mary's warnings.
Tom hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom hung out in a bar with Mary all afternoon.
Tom hugged Mary.
Tom hugged Mary tightly and never wanted to let her go.
Tom hopes to meet Mary again in the near future.
Tom hopes that Mary will like the present he bought for her.
Tom hopes that Mary will help him.
Tom hopes that Mary will come next weekend.
Tom hopes that Mary passes the exam.
Tom hopes that he'll meet Mary this evening.
Tom hopes Mary won't die.
Tom hopes Mary will get well soon.
Tom hopes Mary likes it here.
Tom hopes Mary gets the job.
Tom hoped that Mary would consider visiting a few art museums with him.
Tom hired Mary as an interpreter.
Tom hid Mary's doll behind the door.
Tom hesitated to discuss the subject with Mary.
Tom hesitated for a moment before answering Mary.
Tom helps Mary because he wants to, not because he has to.
Tom helped Mary yesterday afternoon.
Tom helped Mary with the housework.
Tom helped Mary with her work.
Tom helped Mary with her homework.
Tom helped Mary wash the dishes.
Tom helped Mary take off her jacket.
Tom helped Mary start over again.
Tom helped Mary move the dresser.
Tom helped Mary into the car.
Tom helped Mary hang a picture on the wall.
Tom helped Mary get up from her seat.
Tom helped Mary do her homework.
Tom helped Mary clean the house.
Tom helped Mary carry her suitcases.
Tom helps Mary move the furniture.
Tom held the door open for Mary.
Tom held out his hand to Mary.
Tom held Mary's hand.
Tom hears from Mary once in a while.
Tom hears from Mary every now and then.
Tom heard through the grapevine that Mary had gotten into Harvard.
Tom heard that Mary was very rich.
Tom heard that Mary was sick.
Tom heard that Mary had died.
Tom heard that Mary had bought a new computer.
Tom heard Mary talking in her sleep.
Tom heard Mary snoring in class.
Tom heard Mary singing in the shower.
Tom heard Mary shout.
Tom heard Mary scream.
Tom heard Mary play the piano.
Tom heard Mary play the piano not too long ago.
Tom heard Mary go upstairs.
Tom heard Mary crying.
Tom heard Mary cry and wondered what the matter was.
Tom heard Mary call his name.
Tom heard Mary call for help.
Tom heard from Mary several months ago.
Tom hates Mary.
Tom hated Mary.
Tom hasn't seen much of Mary recently.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in weeks.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for quite a while.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for months.
Tom hasn't seen Mary for a long time.
Tom hasn't met Mary.
Tom hasn't met Mary even once.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary since then.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary since she moved to Boston.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary since last June.
Tom hasn't heard from Mary in a long time.
Tom hasn't heard anything from Mary for more than three years.
Tom hasn't been on speaking terms with Mary for years.
Tom hasn't been able to get in touch with Mary yet.
Tom has told Mary all he knows about the matter.
Tom has to wait for Mary.
Tom has to meet Mary in the park tomorrow at 2:30.
Tom has to look after Mary.
Tom has to go see Mary.
Tom has something to tell Mary.
Tom has secretly been in love with Mary for years.
Tom has secretly been contacting Mary.
Tom has nothing in common with Mary.
Tom has no intention of asking Mary to the upcoming dance.
Tom has no intention of apologizing to Mary.
Tom has no idea why Mary did that.
Tom has no idea where Mary lives.
Tom has no idea what has become of Mary.
Tom has no idea how Mary ended up in Boston.
Tom has no desire to go dancing with Mary.
Tom has never seen Mary dance.
Tom has never played guitar with Mary.
Tom has never met Mary.
Tom has never heard Mary tell a lie.
Tom has never heard Mary speak French.
Tom has never heard Mary sing.
Tom has never gone on a date with Mary.
Tom has never danced with Mary.
Tom has met Mary many times.
Tom has made up his mind to propose to Mary.
Tom has loved Mary for a long time.
Tom has lots of things to tell Mary.
Tom has lost touch with Mary.
Tom has known Mary since she was a little girl.
Tom has known Mary since he was a little boy.
Tom has known Mary for years.
Tom has known Mary for over three years.
Tom has known Mary for close to ten years.
Tom has known Mary for a long time.
Tom has known Mary ever since they were children.
Tom has just found out that he's Mary's father.
Tom has just finished writing a letter to Mary.
Tom has given Mary his cold.
Tom has forgiven Mary for everything.
Tom has finished painting the picture of Mary that he's been working on for a couple of months.
Tom has fallen in love with Mary.
Tom has confidence in Mary's ability to win the race.
Tom has confidence in Mary.
Tom has been watching Mary like a hawk all morning.
Tom has been searching for Mary for years.
Tom has been married to Mary for just over three years.
Tom has been looking after Mary for three years.
Tom has been living by himself since Mary died.
Tom has been honest with Mary.
Tom has been going with Mary for at least half a year.
Tom has been going steady with Mary for six months.
Tom has been dating Mary for about three years.
Tom has been avoiding Mary all day.
Tom has an old bicycle that Mary gave him.
Tom has an appointment with Mary at 2:30.
Tom has absolute trust in Mary.
Tom has a thing for Mary.
Tom has a terrible crush on Mary.
Tom has a nodding acquaintance with Mary.
Tom has a lot of guts asking Mary for a loan.
Tom has a lot in common with Mary.
Tom has a high opinion of Mary.
Tom has a feeling that Mary might show up in a few minutes.
Tom has a deep affection for Mary.
Tom has a daughter whose name is Mary.
Tom has a daughter named Mary.
Tom has a date with Mary this afternoon.
Tom has a crush on Mary.
Tom has a clock just like the one Mary has.
Tom hardly ever talks to Mary.
Tom happened to sit next to Mary at the concert last night.
Tom happened to meet Mary at the supermarket.
Tom happened to have the day off on Mary's birthday.
Tom happened to be on the same train as Mary.
Tom hanged himself using the belt that Mary had given him.
Tom handed the keys to Mary.
Tom handed Mary the money.
Tom handed Mary her jacket.
Tom handed Mary a book.
Tom handed a note to Mary.
Tom had to wait for Mary for about three hours.
Tom had to take care of Mary's son while she was working.
Tom had to take care of Mary.
Tom had to take care of Mary by himself.
Tom had to lend Mary some money so she could take the bus home.
Tom had to go to Boston with Mary.
Tom had to cover for Mary.
Tom had something he needed to talk to Mary about.
Tom had some trouble finding Mary's house.
Tom had once been madly in love with Mary.
Tom had often heard about Mary, but hadn't yet met her.
Tom had no sooner walked in the door than Mary started to complain.
Tom had no other choice than to help Mary clean out the stable.
Tom had no other choice but to help Mary clean out the garage.
Tom had no intention of quarreling with Mary.
Tom had no intention of going to the dance with Mary.
Tom had no idea why Mary left early.
Tom had no idea why Mary didn't want to go out with him.
Tom had no idea when Mary would arrive.
Tom had no idea what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom had no choice but to do what Mary told him to do.
Tom had no choice but to ask Mary to help him.
Tom had no chance to tell Mary what he thought.
Tom had no chance to tell Mary his opinion.
Tom had never spoken to Mary before that time.
Tom had never seen a girl as beautiful as Mary before.
Tom had never met Mary before that time.
Tom had never met anyone like Mary before.
Tom had Mary wash the car.
Tom had Mary make him a sandwich.
Tom had Mary correct his essay.
Tom had many opportunities to meet Mary over the summer.
Tom had lunch with Mary.
Tom had intended to go with Mary, but something came up and he couldn't.
Tom had his picture taken by Mary.
Tom had a good opinion of Mary.
Tom had an argument with Mary.
Tom had a telephone call from Mary early this morning.
Tom had a score to settle with Mary.
Tom had a nice chat with Mary.
Tom had a major crush on Mary.
Tom had a long talk with Mary.
Tom had a hunch that Mary would bring her new boyfriend to the party.
Tom had a good time talking with Mary.
Tom had a fight with Mary.
Tom had a feeling that Mary would be late.
Tom had a falling-out with Mary.
Tom had a date with Mary last Friday.
Tom had a chance to meet Mary in Boston.
Tom had a big argument with Mary.
Tom hacked Mary's leg off with a rusty machete.
Tom hacked Mary's arm off with a sword.
Tom guessed that Mary was around thirty years old.
Tom greeted Mary with a smile.
Tom graduated in the same year as Mary.
Tom grabbed Mary's arm.
Tom grabbed Mary by the hand.
Tom got very angry with Mary.
Tom got very angry at Mary.
Tom got used to working with Mary.
Tom got tired of working with Mary and quit.
Tom got tired of waiting for Mary.
Tom got stuck with the whole bill when he went out drinking with Mary and her friends.
Tom got Mary to wash the dishes.
Tom got Mary to polish his shoes.
Tom got Mary to cook dinner.
Tom got Mary to clean the office.
Tom got Mary to carry his suitcase.
Tom got Mary to accept his help.
Tom got Mary drunk.
Tom got Mary a pint of beer.
Tom got into Mary's car.
Tom got engaged to Mary.
Tom got angry with Mary.
Tom got angry because of what Mary said.
Tom got a letter from Mary.
Tom got a call from someone named Mary.
Tom goes to the same school as Mary does.
Tom glared at Mary.
Tom gets upset when Mary doesn't do what he tells her to do.
Tom gets along well with Mary.
Tom gets along very well with Mary.
Tom gazed at Mary with love in his eyes.
Tom gave Mary what she needed.
Tom gave Mary something to eat.
Tom gave Mary something cold to drink.
Tom gave Mary some useful information.
Tom gave Mary some practical advice.
Tom gave Mary some money to help her buy her mother a Christmas present.
Tom gave Mary some good advice.
Tom gave Mary some good advice about how to write songs.
Tom gave Mary some food.
Tom gave Mary some advice on how to pass multiple-choice tests.
Tom gave Mary plenty to eat.
Tom gave Mary plenty of time.
Tom gave Mary plenty of money.
Tom gave Mary permission to drive his car.
Tom gave Mary an expensive doll.
Tom gave Mary all the money he had.
Tom gave Mary a wink.
Tom gave Mary a very nice present.
Tom gave Mary a very detailed answer.
Tom gave Mary a vague answer.
Tom gave Mary a tender kiss.
Tom gave Mary a ride home.
Tom gave Mary a piggyback ride.
Tom gave Mary a peck on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a nasty look.
Tom gave Mary a meaningful look.
Tom gave Mary a hearty welcome.
Tom gave Mary a detailed explanation of how it worked.
Tom gave Mary a book about Australia.
Tom frequently speaks with Mary.
Tom found the evidence we needed to convict Mary's killer.
Tom found the book Mary had given him quite boring.
Tom found out where Mary was.
Tom found out where Mary lives.
Tom found out the truth from Mary.
Tom found out that Mary was wealthy.
Tom found Mary's story interesting.
Tom found Mary very friendly.
Tom found Mary sitting on a bench in the park.
Tom found Mary repulsive.
Tom found Mary reading a book.
Tom found Mary fascinating.
Tom found Mary an apartment not too far from where she works.
Tom found Mary a job.
Tom found Mary a job in a supermarket.
Tom found it impossible to persuade Mary.
Tom found it easy to speak English with Mary.
Tom found it difficult to please Mary.
Tom found it difficult to get along with Mary.
Tom forgot to tell Mary about the party.
Tom forgot to feed Mary's dog.
Tom forgot to call Mary yesterday evening.
Tom forgot to ask Mary what he had planned to ask her.
Tom forgot Mary's phone number.
Tom forgot Mary's address.
Tom forgave Mary on his deathbed.
Tom forgave Mary for losing all his money.
Tom forgave Mary for killing his dog.
Tom forced Mary to sit down.
Tom forced Mary to do it.
Tom fooled Mary.
Tom followed Mary around the supermarket.
Tom flirted with Mary.
Tom first met Mary when they were in high school.
Tom first met Mary three years ago.
Tom first met Mary in Boston.
Tom fired Mary because she often showed up late for work.
Tom finds Mary attractive.
Tom finally talked Mary into lending him her accordion.
Tom finally talked Mary into buying a new computer.
Tom finally realized that Mary was never going to consider him her boyfriend.
Tom finally persuaded Mary to buy it.
Tom finally overcame his shyness and asked Mary to go out with him.
Tom finally mustered up the courage to ask Mary to go out with him.
Tom finally managed to get a hold of Mary.
Tom finally made up his mind to leave Mary.
Tom finally made up his mind to ask Mary out.
Tom finally decided to propose to Mary.
Tom finally decided to break up with Mary.
Tom finally contacted Mary by phone.
Tom felt sympathy for Mary.
Tom felt sorry for Mary.
Tom felt an urge to kill Mary.
Tom fell in love with Mary.
Tom failed to persuade Mary.
Tom explained the rules to Mary.
Tom explained the rules of the game to Mary.
Tom explained his plan to Mary.
Tom expects that Mary will help us.
Tom expects me to help Mary clean out the clogged pipe.
Tom expects Mary to come back soon.
Tom expects Mary to come back before lunch.
Tom expects Mary to come at any moment.
Tom expects Mary back by 2:30.
Tom expected Mary to show up on Saturday afternoon.
Tom expected Mary to pass the exam.
Tom expected Mary to come.
Tom entered the room after Mary.
Tom enjoyed working for Mary.
Tom enjoyed talking with Mary.
Tom enjoyed Mary's company.
Tom encouraged Mary to write a novel.
Tom encouraged Mary to try again.
Tom encouraged Mary to take ukulele lessons.
Tom encouraged Mary to learn how to speak French.
Tom employed Mary to be his assistant.
Tom easily guessed Mary's password.
Tom easily convinced Mary that he was innocent.
Tom earns twice as much as Mary.
Tom dumped Mary's body into the hole he had dug previously.
Tom dumped Mary for another woman.
Tom drove Mary's car to Boston.
Tom drove Mary to the station.
Tom dreamed about Mary.
Tom dreaded having to spend another weekend with Mary.
Tom doubts whether Mary is honest.
Tom doubts that Mary loves you.
Tom doubts Mary's sincerity.
Tom doubts if Mary will keep her promise.
Tom doubts if Mary will come to school today.
Tom doubts if Mary will come to his birthday party.
Tom doubts if Mary will come on time.
Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary ever again.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary's face ever again.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary at all.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary again.
Tom doesn't want to make Mary angry.
Tom doesn't want to hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom doesn't want to hurt Mary.
Tom doesn't want to hear anything more about Mary.
Tom doesn't want to go with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to buy anything for Mary's birthday.
Tom doesn't want to buy an expensive engagement ring for Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be seen with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to answer Mary's message.
Tom doesn't want Mary's pity.
Tom doesn't want Mary to touch him.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go to Boston.
Tom doesn't want any of Mary's money.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary is so popular.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary got angry with him.
Tom doesn't understand why Mary behaves the way she does.
Tom doesn't understand what Mary is trying to say.
Tom doesn't understand Mary's reluctance to go out with his brother.
Tom doesn't understand Mary.
Tom doesn't understand Mary sometimes.
Tom doesn't trust Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't trust Mary any longer.
Tom doesn't think there is any need for Mary to attend the meeting.
Tom doesn't think that Mary's performance was very good.
Tom doesn't think that Mary will come.
Tom doesn't think that Mary made a wise decision.
Tom doesn't think that Mary looks like her mother.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is right.
Tom doesn't think that Mary is at home.
Tom doesn't think that Mary did all her homework by herself.
Tom doesn't think Mary would be willing to lend him her guitar.
Tom doesn't think Mary will say yes.
Tom doesn't think Mary will do the job well.
Tom doesn't think Mary wants to go.
Tom doesn't think Mary should worry so much.
Tom doesn't think Mary should do that.
Tom doesn't think Mary is saying what she really thinks.
Tom doesn't think Mary is happy.
Tom doesn't think Mary is fit for the job.
Tom doesn't think Mary can speak French.
Tom doesn't think he'll ever meet Mary.
Tom doesn't think he can get along with Mary.
Tom doesn't study as hard as Mary does.
Tom doesn't speak to Mary.
Tom doesn't speak French as fluently as Mary does.
Tom doesn't see much of Mary.
Tom doesn't remember the first time he met Mary.
Tom doesn't remember agreeing to help Mary.
Tom doesn't quite agree with Mary.
Tom doesn't plan to go to Mary's concert.
Tom doesn't particularly like Mary.
Tom doesn't need to worry about Mary.
Tom doesn't need Mary's help.
Tom doesn't mind what people say about Mary.
Tom doesn't mind the cold, but Mary can't stand it.
Tom doesn't mind lending Mary money.
Tom doesn't mind helping Mary occasionally.
Tom doesn't love Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't live with Mary.
Tom doesn't like to lend his books to Mary.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary treats her dog.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary talks.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary laughs.
Tom doesn't like the same kind of music as Mary does.
Tom doesn't like Mary's living there alone.
Tom doesn't like Mary's idea very much.
Tom doesn't like Mary's boyfriend.
Tom doesn't like Mary.
Tom doesn't like Mary, but I like her.
Tom doesn't like Mary very much.
Tom doesn't like cats and Mary doesn't either.
Tom doesn't let Mary watch TV after 10:00 p.m.
Tom doesn't let Mary get near him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was late.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was in a bad mood this morning.
Tom doesn't know why Mary was crying.
Tom doesn't know why Mary quit her job.
Tom doesn't know why Mary isn't here today.
Tom doesn't know why Mary dropped out of college.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't like him.
Tom doesn't know why Mary doesn't eat meat.
Tom doesn't know why Mary didn't come to the party.
Tom doesn't know who Mary went to the zoo with.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is.
Tom doesn't know who Mary is planning to go to the prom with.
Tom doesn't know whether what Mary says is true or not.
Tom doesn't know whether to accept or to refuse Mary's offer.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will come or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will come by car or by bicycle.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary will agree to go or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary likes him or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is younger or older than he is.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is telling the truth or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is happy or not.
Tom doesn't know whether Mary is dead or alive.
Tom doesn't know where to wait for Mary.
Tom doesn't know where Mary went.
Tom doesn't know where Mary lives.
Tom doesn't know where Mary learned how to drive.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is now.
Tom doesn't know where Mary has gone.
Tom doesn't know where Mary graduated from.
Tom doesn't know where Mary comes from.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will visit Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave for Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will leave Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will come back.
Tom doesn't know when Mary will be here.
Tom doesn't know when Mary left.
Tom doesn't know when Mary is supposed to come.
Tom doesn't know when Mary got married.
Tom doesn't know when Mary got back from Boston.
Tom doesn't know when Mary can come.
Tom doesn't know when Mary came to Boston.
Tom doesn't know what's bothering Mary.
Tom doesn't know what to say to make Mary feel better.
Tom doesn't know what to feed Mary's dog.
Tom doesn't know what to buy Mary for her birthday.
Tom doesn't know what plan Mary will choose.
Tom doesn't know what Mary's shoe size is.
Tom doesn't know what Mary's doing now.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to eat for dinner.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants to do.
Tom doesn't know what Mary wants him to buy her for her birthday.
Tom doesn't know what Mary means when she says that.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is looking for.
Tom doesn't know what Mary is like.
Tom doesn't know what Mary does for a living.
Tom doesn't know what kind of person Mary is.
Tom doesn't know what he'd do without Mary.
Tom doesn't know what happened to Mary.
Tom doesn't know what became of Mary after she graduated from high school.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary went to Boston.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary isn't coming.
Tom doesn't know the reason why Mary is absent.
Tom doesn't know the reason Mary is absent today.
Tom doesn't know the boy talking to Mary.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is still a high school student.
Tom doesn't know that Mary is in love with him.
Tom doesn't know Mary's telephone number.
Tom doesn't know Mary's phone number.
Tom doesn't know Mary's last name.
Tom doesn't know Mary's address.
Tom doesn't know Mary's address yet.
Tom doesn't know Mary.
Tom doesn't know Mary, but he'd like to meet her.
Tom doesn't know Mary at all.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go with him tomorrow or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go to the mountains or to the beach.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will go camping with us or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know if Mary will come tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know if Mary wants to go with us or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary remembers him.
Tom doesn't know if Mary likes pumpkin pie or not.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is coming or not.
Tom doesn't know how worried Mary is.
Tom doesn't know how to get to Mary's house.
Tom doesn't know how tall Mary is.
Tom doesn't know how much Mary weighs.
Tom doesn't know how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesn't know how Mary will get to school tomorrow.
Tom doesn't know how Mary was able to afford a new car.
Tom doesn't know how long he'll have to wait for Mary.
Tom doesn't know for certain who Mary's boyfriend is.
Tom doesn't know for certain when Mary will come.
Tom doesn't know for certain when Mary will arrive.
Tom doesn't know for certain what Mary is going to do.
Tom doesn't know exactly where Mary lives.
Tom doesn't know exactly when Mary will get home.
Tom doesn't know exactly what time Mary's train pulled out of the station.
Tom doesn't know either Mary or her sister.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's plan.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's past.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary's family.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary, other than her name.
Tom doesn't know anything about Mary at all.
Tom doesn't know any of Mary's friends.
Tom doesn't heed any advice from Mary.
Tom doesn't have to worry about Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't have to wash the car. Mary's already washed it.
Tom doesn't have to tell Mary if he doesn't want to.
Tom doesn't have to stay home to help Mary.
Tom doesn't have to pay attention to what Mary says.
Tom doesn't have to listen to what Mary says.
Tom doesn't have to hide his feelings from Mary.
Tom doesn't have to help Mary.
Tom doesn't have to dance with Mary unless he wants to.
Tom doesn't have to apologize to Mary.
Tom doesn't have the time to help Mary right now.
Tom doesn't have the faintest idea what Mary is trying to do.
Tom doesn't have the courage to ask Mary to lend him her video camera.
Tom doesn't have any idea how much Mary loves him.
Tom doesn't hang out with Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't get what Mary means.
Tom doesn't get up as early as Mary.
Tom doesn't get along with Mary.
Tom doesn't feel that he can trust Mary.
Tom doesn't feel like talking to Mary tonight.
Tom doesn't expect anything from Mary.
Tom doesn't ever want to see Mary again.
Tom doesn't even try to help Mary.
Tom doesn't enjoy hanging out with Mary.
Tom doesn't earn enough money to support a woman like Mary.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary will arrive on time.
Tom doesn't doubt Mary's ability to do the job.
Tom doesn't doubt that Mary will come to the party.
Tom doesn't care whether Mary stays or goes.
Tom doesn't care what Mary says.
Tom doesn't care what Mary does.
Tom doesn't care how Mary dresses.
Tom doesn't care about what Mary says about him.
Tom doesn't believe what Mary says.
Tom doesn't believe the rumors about Mary.
Tom doesn't believe that Mary has been faithful to him.
Tom doesn't believe Mary. He thinks she's lying.
Tom doesn't believe Mary at all.
Tom doesn't always get up early, but he always gets up before Mary does.
Tom doesn't always arrive on time, but Mary usually does.
Tom doesn't allow Mary to go out much.
Tom doesn't allow his children to play with Mary.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary on that point.
Tom doesn't agree with Mary at all.
Tom does much better than Mary does at school.
Tom divorced Mary.
Tom divorced Mary after the children graduated from college.
Tom ditched Mary in the park.
Tom disregarded Mary's advice.
Tom disliked Mary.
Tom discussed the problem with Mary.
Tom discussed the matter with Mary.
Tom discovered just how gullible Mary was.
Tom disapproved of Mary singing in bars.
Tom disappointed Mary.
Tom disagrees with Mary on that matter.
Tom disagreed with Mary on that point.
Tom died just a few hours after Mary died.
Tom died in the evening of the day he and Mary got married.
Tom didn't want to work with Mary.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary the sad news.
Tom didn't want to do what Mary suggested.
Tom didn't want to disturb Mary so late at night, but it was an emergency.
Tom didn't want to disappoint Mary.
Tom didn't want to break Mary's heart.
Tom didn't want to argue with Mary.
Tom didn't want Mary to play with his kid.
Tom didn't want Mary to leave.
Tom didn't want Mary to go out with other guys.
Tom didn't want Mary to drive his car.
Tom didn't want Mary to die.
Tom didn't understand the joke Mary told.
Tom didn't understand Mary at all.
Tom didn't think what Mary was wearing was appropriate for the occasion.
Tom didn't think that Mary would get the better of him.
Tom didn't think Mary would enjoy the concert.
Tom didn't think Mary could fix his watch.
Tom didn't thank Mary sufficiently.
Tom didn't thank Mary enough for all the work she did.
Tom didn't tell Mary his secret.
Tom didn't tell Mary anything.
Tom didn't tell Mary anything at all about his plan.
Tom didn't tell Mary about the accident.
Tom didn't take Mary's age into consideration.
Tom didn't stop smoking, so Mary left the room.
Tom didn't speak to Mary at all last night.
Tom didn't seem interested in what Mary was saying.
Tom didn't see Mary.
Tom didn't see Mary anywhere.
Tom didn't reply to Mary's email message.
Tom didn't recognize Mary.
Tom didn't recognize Mary at first.
Tom didn't really want to go out with Mary.
Tom didn't notice what Mary was wearing.
Tom didn't notice Mary go out.
Tom didn't notice how Mary was dressed.
Tom didn't need to tell Mary. She already knew.
Tom didn't mind helping Mary do the dishes.
Tom didn't meet Mary or anyone else.
Tom didn't mean to tell Mary the secret, but he did.
Tom didn't mean to step on Mary's foot.
Tom didn't mean to hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom didn't mean to hurt Mary.
Tom didn't mean to disappoint Mary.
Tom didn't live up to Mary's expectations.
Tom didn't like the way Mary spoke to him.
Tom didn't like Mary's husband.
Tom didn't like Mary's advice.
Tom didn't like Mary.
Tom didn't like Mary at that time.
Tom didn't let Mary play outside.
Tom didn't let Mary go out in the rain.
Tom didn't know whether Mary was safe or not.
Tom didn't know where to go to buy a ticket for Mary's concert.
Tom didn't know where Mary spent her summer vacation.
Tom didn't know where Mary came from.
Tom didn't know when Mary was planning to go to Boston.
Tom didn't know when Mary had come to Boston.
Tom didn't know what to say to Mary.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary wouldn't accept his invitation.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary was crying.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary wanted a new dress.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary didn't like him.
Tom didn't know the reason why Mary couldn't go bowling.
Tom didn't know that Mary was in town.
Tom didn't know that Mary had decided to quit her job.
Tom didn't know that Mary had children.
Tom didn't know that Mary could speak French.
Tom didn't know Mary was such a good cook.
Tom didn't know Mary was seeing someone else.
Tom didn't know Mary was married.
Tom didn't know Mary had decided to leave him.
Tom didn't know how unhappy Mary was.
Tom didn't know how to answer Mary's question.
Tom didn't know for certain when Mary was going to arrive.
Tom didn't know any of the details of Mary's plan.
Tom didn't keep his promise to help Mary.
Tom didn't intend to let Mary kiss him.
Tom didn't intend to hurt Mary's feelings.
Tom didn't hesitate to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't help Mary.
Tom didn't have time to explain everything to Mary.
Tom didn't have the slightest idea what Mary was talking about.
Tom didn't have the heart to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't have the courage to tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't have the courage to tell Mary that he had made a mistake.
Tom didn't have the courage to refuse to do what Mary asked him to do.
Tom didn't have the courage to disobey Mary.
Tom didn't have the courage to ask Mary out.
Tom didn't have Mary's address with him.
Tom didn't give Mary his real telephone number.
Tom didn't expect that Mary would outsmart him.
Tom didn't expect that Mary would be able to play the harp so well.
Tom didn't expect such a nice present from Mary.
Tom didn't expect Mary to show up on time.
Tom didn't expect Mary to finish her homework so quickly.
Tom didn't do anything to help Mary.
Tom didn't clap after Mary's performance.
Tom didn't buy anything for Mary.
Tom didn't believe what Mary said.
Tom didn't believe Mary at first.
Tom didn't attend Mary's funeral.
Tom didn't appear to recognize Mary.
Tom didn't answer Mary's question.
Tom didn't agree with Mary.
Tom didn't agree with Mary about the matter.
Tom didn't accept Mary's invitation.
Tom didn't accept Mary's apology.
Tom did what Mary told him to do.
Tom did what he could for Mary, but it wasn't enough.
Tom did the dishes for Mary.
Tom did the best he could, but he wasn't able to get a higher grade than Mary.
Tom did it just to impress Mary.
Tom did his best to help Mary.
Tom despises Mary.
Tom despised Mary.
Tom depends on Mary.
Tom depends too much on Mary.
Tom denied that he had ever met Mary.
Tom denied Mary's request.
Tom denied having ever met Mary.
Tom declined the invitation to Mary's party.
Tom declined Mary's offer.
Tom declined Mary's invitation.
Tom decided to wait until Mary had some free time.
Tom decided to tell Mary that he loved her.
Tom decided to make a deal with Mary.
Tom decided to ask for Mary's help.
Tom decided not to go hiking with Mary.
Tom decided he wouldn't go with Mary.
Tom danced with Mary.
Tom danced with Mary and only three other girls at the high school prom.
Tom cut Mary's picture out of the magazine.
Tom crossed the river to get to Mary's house.
Tom crossed the bridge to get to Mary's house.
Tom criticized Mary for not doing the job correctly.
Tom cried as he read the letter he got from Mary.
Tom counts on Mary's help.
Tom counts on Mary.
Tom counts on Mary to help him.
Tom counted to ten then he yelled at Mary.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary laughed at him.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary had to leave.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary frowned at him.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary didn't like him.
Tom couldn't understand what Mary was saying.
Tom couldn't understand what Mary was getting at.
Tom couldn't understand Mary's joke.
Tom couldn't understand Mary at first.
Tom couldn't understand Mary at all.
Tom couldn't understand anything that Mary said.
Tom couldn't understand anything Mary said.
Tom couldn't understand a single word of what Mary said.
Tom couldn't think what he should give Mary for Christmas.
Tom couldn't think of any reason for not giving Mary the present.
Tom couldn't tell whether Mary dyed her hair or not.
Tom couldn't tell what Mary was thinking.
Tom couldn't tell Mary everything he knew.
Tom couldn't take his eyes off Mary.
Tom couldn't remember the name of the place where he met Mary.
Tom couldn't remember Mary's address.
Tom couldn't quite bring himself to strangle Mary.
Tom couldn't put up with Mary any longer.
Tom couldn't make Mary understand what he meant.
Tom couldn't live up to Mary's expectations.
Tom couldn't lift Mary's suitcase.
Tom couldn't imagine that Mary would really say that.
Tom couldn't hide his feelings from Mary.
Tom couldn't help worrying about Mary.
Tom couldn't help thinking about Mary.
Tom couldn't help getting angry with Mary.
Tom couldn't help feeling sorry for Mary.
Tom couldn't hear what Mary was saying.
Tom couldn't have done it without Mary's help.
Tom couldn't get Mary to stop smoking.
Tom couldn't get Mary to leave him alone.
Tom couldn't get Mary to do it.
Tom couldn't get Mary on the phone.
Tom couldn't get in touch with Mary.
Tom couldn't forgive Mary for killing his parents.
Tom couldn't find out Mary's address.
Tom couldn't find Mary's house.
Tom couldn't find Mary even though he said he looked just about everywhere.
Tom couldn't figure out what Mary was trying to say.
Tom couldn't figure out what Mary was talking about.
Tom couldn't figure out what Mary really wanted.
Tom couldn't figure out what Mary meant.
Tom couldn't convince Mary that she had made a mistake.
Tom couldn't catch what Mary said.
Tom couldn't believe what Mary said had happened.
Tom couldn't answer all of Mary's questions.
Tom could tell right away that Mary was in trouble.
Tom could tell by the look on Mary's face that she was very excited.
Tom could tell by Mary's accent that she wasn't a native speaker.
Tom could tell by Mary's accent that she was probably from Ireland.
Tom could see that Mary was in a lot of pain.
Tom could see Mary's house in the distance.
Tom could see Mary from where he stood.
Tom could only tell Mary what he knew.
Tom could hear Mary, but he couldn't see her.
Tom could hear Mary talking in the next room.
Tom could hardly understand what Mary said.
Tom could hardly keep from laughing when he saw Mary trying to juggle some balls.
Tom could hardly hear what Mary was saying.
Tom could hardly believe his ears when he heard that Mary was coming back home to stay.
Tom could find Mary's house easily.
Tom could barely hear what Mary was trying to say.
Tom cooks chicken just the way Mary likes it.
Tom convinced Mary that she was wrong.
Tom convinced Mary that it wasn't his fault.
Tom contacted Mary.
Tom consulted Mary about the plan.
Tom consulted Mary about the matter.
Tom considers Mary to be a heroine.
Tom congratulated Mary on her graduation.
Tom congratulated Mary for her driving test.
Tom confessed to murdering Mary.
Tom concealed his anger from Mary.
Tom complained to Mary about the food.
Tom compared his answers with Mary's.
Tom compared a picture taken of Mary three years ago with one that had been taken recently.
Tom claims he knows nothing about Mary.
Tom claimed that he'd already given Mary the money.
Tom chose Mary for the job.
Tom changed his mind about going out with Mary and stayed home.
Tom challenged Mary to a game of chess.
Tom caught up with Mary.
Tom caught Mary stealing his money from the cash register.
Tom caught Mary smoking a cigarette.
Tom caught a glimpse of Mary.
Tom carried Mary on his shoulders.
Tom carried Mary on his back.
Tom canceled his appointment with Mary.
Tom can't wait to meet Mary.
Tom can't understand why Mary is angry.
Tom can't understand Mary's motives.
Tom can't turn Mary down.
Tom can't trust Mary to look after his house while he's away.
Tom can't tell Mary his real feelings.
Tom can't take his eyes off Mary.
Tom can't swim and neither can Mary.
Tom can't swim and Mary can't either.
Tom can't stop Mary from saying what she thinks.
Tom can't stand Mary.
Tom can't stand being around Mary.
Tom can't speak French. Mary can't speak French either.
Tom can't seem to understand what Mary is trying to say.
Tom can't say for sure where Mary lives.
Tom can't say for sure when Mary will arrive.
Tom can't say for sure how many times Mary has been to Boston.
Tom can't run as fast as Mary.
Tom can't remember when Mary moved to Boston.
Tom can't remember Mary's address.
Tom can't rely on Mary's help.
Tom can't put up with Mary's carelessness any longer.
Tom can't put up with Mary's behavior anymore.
Tom can't put up with Mary's behavior any longer.
Tom can't put up with Mary's bad manners any longer.
Tom can't play the ocarina, but Mary can.
Tom can't keep up with Mary.
Tom can't help thinking about Mary.
Tom can't get over how Mary treated him.
Tom can't get in touch with Mary.
Tom can't get along with Mary.
Tom can't forgive Mary for what she did.
Tom can't forgive Mary for behaving like that.
Tom can't forget the time he and Mary had their first big argument.
Tom can't forget the day he met Mary.
Tom can't forget Mary.
Tom can't find the right words to describe his feelings for Mary.
Tom can't even pretend to like Mary.
Tom can't deny the fact that he did what Mary accused him of doing.
Tom can't bear even the sight of Mary.
Tom can't be much older than Mary.
Tom can understand Mary's problem to some extent.
Tom can understand Mary's French.
Tom can swim, but Mary can't.
Tom can swim as fast as Mary.
Tom can swim as fast as Mary can.
Tom can swim almost as fast as Mary.
Tom can swim almost as fast as Mary can.
Tom can still remember the pain caused when Mary left him.
Tom can spell better than Mary.
Tom can speak French almost as well as Mary.
Tom can speak French almost as well as Mary can.
Tom can run as fast as Mary.
Tom can rely on Mary to be on time.
Tom can hear Mary very well.
Tom can go hear Mary sing at that club whenever he wants to.
Tom can get in touch with Mary by email.
Tom came to dislike Mary.
Tom came home earlier than Mary expected.
Tom came close to beating Mary to death.
Tom came after Mary left.
Tom calls Mary up every night.
Tom calls Mary every night and talks with her for at least 45 minutes.
Tom called to tell Mary that he'd be late.
Tom called on Mary to express his sympathy.
Tom called Mary.
Tom called Mary, but the line was busy.
Tom called Mary up yesterday.
Tom called Mary up from the airport.
Tom called Mary up and asked her what her schedule was.
Tom called Mary to the telephone.
Tom called Mary to tell her he'd be late.
Tom called Mary to apologize to her, but she hung up on him.
Tom called Mary every bad name he could think of.
Tom called Mary a traitor.
Tom called Mary a liar.
Tom called Mary a coward.
Tom called a cab for Mary.
Tom calculated that he had given Mary over 34,000 dollars in the past six months.
Tom burst out laughing when he saw Mary dancing a jig.
Tom bumped into Mary the other day at the supermarket.
Tom brought his dog over to Mary's house.
Tom brought a gift for Mary.
Tom broke off his engagement to Mary.
Tom broke into Mary's car and stole what was hidden under the driver's seat.
Tom bought the same camera that Mary has.
Tom bought that camera because Mary thought it was the one he should buy.
Tom bought something for Mary.
Tom bought Mary an expensive umbrella.
Tom bought Mary a puppy.
Tom bought Mary a nice camera.
Tom bought Mary a fairly expensive camera.
Tom bought Mary a camera.
Tom bought a new camera for Mary to replace the one he had borrowed and lost.
Tom bought a camera to give to Mary.
Tom bought a camera to give to Mary on her birthday.
Tom bought a camera from Mary.
Tom bought a camera for Mary.
Tom borrowed some money from Mary.
Tom borrowed a large amount of money from Mary.
Tom borrowed a book from Mary.
Tom blushed when he saw Mary naked.
Tom blocked Mary's way and wouldn't let her enter the room.
Tom blocked Mary's punch, then slapped her with his right hand.
Tom blamed the failure on Mary.
Tom blamed Mary for the project's failure.
Tom blamed Mary for the accident that killed their son.
Tom betrayed Mary's trust.
Tom bet Mary that he could beat her at arm wrestling.
Tom bends over backwards to please Mary.
Tom believes that Mary will do well in her new job.
Tom believes that Mary made a big mistake when she sold her father's Stradivarius.
Tom believes that Mary is innocent.
Tom believes that getting married to Mary was the best thing he's ever done.
Tom believes Mary made the right choice.
Tom believed that Mary was innocent.
Tom begged Mary to stay.
Tom began to suspect Mary would leave him.
Tom began to sing his favorite song and Mary harmonized with him.
Tom began to look into the problem as soon as Mary brought it to his attention.
Tom became tired of always having to pay the bill every time he went out with Mary.
Tom became friends with Mary when he was living in Boston.
Tom became concerned about Mary's safety.
Tom became aware that Mary was staring at him.
Tom beat Mary up.
Tom beat Mary to within an inch of her life.
Tom beat Mary at checkers.
Tom bandaged Mary's arm.
Tom bailed Mary out of jail.
Tom attributed his success to Mary's help.
Tom attended Mary's graduation ceremony.
Tom attempted to persuade Mary to go to church with him.
Tom ate the last slice of bread so Mary had nothing to eat.
Tom ate by himself even though he had hoped to eat with Mary.
Tom assured Mary that he'd help her paint the ceiling of her kitchen.
Tom assured Mary that he wouldn't be late for the party.
Tom assumes Mary will be willing to help with the bake sale.
Tom assumed that Mary would have the work finished by the time he arrived.
Tom assigned the job to Mary.
Tom assigned Mary to do the job.
Tom asked Mary to watch the children.
Tom asked me to pick Mary up at the airport.
Tom asked Mary's advice about the problem.
Tom asked Mary why she was smiling.
Tom asked Mary why she was late.
Tom asked Mary why she was crying.
Tom asked Mary why she was buying so much food.
Tom asked Mary why she had done that.
Tom asked Mary who she thought would be the most likely to win the race.
Tom asked Mary who had given her the picture.
Tom asked Mary who had been the first to arrive.
Tom asked Mary which way to turn.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd like to go shopping.
Tom asked Mary whether she'd like to go shopping in the afternoon.
Tom asked Mary whether she planned to swim or not.
Tom asked Mary whether she liked the plan or not.
Tom asked Mary whether she liked him.
Tom asked Mary where the dog was.
Tom asked Mary where she went to school.
Tom asked Mary where she was going to be later in the evening.
Tom asked Mary where she wanted him to put the bag of dog food.
Tom asked Mary where she usually went shopping.
Tom asked Mary where she planned to be on Saturday evening.
Tom asked Mary where she lived.
Tom asked Mary where she lived, but she wouldn't tell him.
Tom asked Mary where he should put his suitcase.
Tom asked Mary when she was going to buy a new pair of shoes for her youngest daughter.
Tom asked Mary what the weather had been like while he was away.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted.
Tom asked Mary what she wanted for her birthday.
Tom asked Mary what she really wanted.
Tom asked Mary what she had bought at the jewelry store.
Tom asked Mary what she had been doing all morning.
Tom asked Mary what kind of music she liked.
Tom asked Mary what kind of movies she liked.
Tom asked Mary what kind of food she liked.
Tom asked Mary what her father did for a living.
Tom asked Mary what he should do next.
Tom asked Mary what he should bring to the party.
Tom asked Mary to warm up some leftovers.
Tom asked Mary to wait in the lobby.
Tom asked Mary to wait for him in front of the library.
Tom asked Mary to throw the rotten apple into the garbage.
Tom asked Mary to tell him about the house she had lived in when she was a child.
Tom asked Mary to teach him how to do the waltz.
Tom asked Mary to take her jacket off.
Tom asked Mary to take back what she said.
Tom asked Mary to stay, but she had to get back to work.
Tom asked Mary to stay, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary to stay at home until the babysitter got there.
Tom asked Mary to speak more slowly.
Tom asked Mary to sit down for a while.
Tom asked Mary to see about getting front row seats at the Lady Gaga concert.
Tom asked Mary to pick up some toothpaste and some toilet paper at the supermarket.
Tom asked Mary to open the window.
Tom asked Mary to open the window, but she wouldn't.
Tom asked Mary to meet him in the lobby.
Tom asked Mary to meet him after school.
Tom asked Mary to marry him.
Tom asked Mary to marry him, but she turned down his proposal.
Tom asked Mary to make him something to eat.
Tom asked Mary to help me.
Tom asked Mary to help him reinstall Windows.
Tom asked Mary to help him organize the party.
Tom asked Mary to go to the store to buy some bread.
Tom asked Mary to give him a ride to the amusement park.
Tom asked Mary to give him a massage, but she didn't want to.
Tom asked Mary to give a speech.
Tom asked Mary to give a speech at his school.
Tom asked Mary to get some glasses from the kitchen.
Tom asked Mary to find out how to apply for a visa.
Tom asked Mary to do that, so you don't have to.
Tom asked Mary to do something she didn't want to do.
Tom asked Mary to come again.
Tom asked Mary to call him after dinner.
Tom asked Mary to bring a salad to the party.
Tom asked Mary to brew some coffee.
Tom asked Mary to be quiet.
Tom asked Mary to be home by six-thirty.
Tom asked Mary to be attentive during meetings.
Tom asked Mary to answer the telephone.
Tom asked Mary the same question he had asked me.
Tom asked Mary several questions.
Tom asked Mary out on a date.
Tom asked Mary not to wake him up before seven.
Tom asked Mary not to play the drums so late at night.
Tom asked Mary not to leave.
Tom asked Mary not to leave him alone.
Tom asked Mary not to drive so fast.
Tom asked Mary many times to let him go home early, but she wouldn't let him.
Tom asked Mary many questions that she couldn't answer.
Tom asked Mary many questions about life in Boston.
Tom asked Mary many questions about Australia.
Tom asked Mary if she'd return soon.
Tom asked Mary if she'd help him.
Tom asked Mary if she'd go.
Tom asked Mary if she was really happy with her new job.
Tom asked Mary if she was free the next day.
Tom asked Mary if she was free on Valentine's Day.
Tom asked Mary if she was busy.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted to ride his horse.
Tom asked Mary if she wanted something to drink.
Tom asked Mary if she spoke more than three languages.
Tom asked Mary if she needed some help.
Tom asked Mary if she liked Mexican food.
Tom asked Mary if she knew when the concert started.
Tom asked Mary if she knew how to play that song on the flute.
Tom asked Mary if she knew how to knit.
Tom asked Mary if she knew his new address.
Tom asked Mary if she had enjoyed herself at the party.
Tom asked Mary if she had been to Boston.
Tom asked Mary if she enjoyed reading murder mysteries.
Tom asked Mary if he could read her mother's letter.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her English textbook.
Tom asked Mary if he could borrow her bicycle.
Tom asked Mary if dinner was ready.
Tom asked Mary how to get to her house.
Tom asked Mary how she had lost so much weight.
Tom asked Mary how many people had come to her party.
Tom asked Mary for something hot to drink.
Tom asked Mary for some money so he could buy something to eat.
Tom asked Mary for help.
Tom asked Mary for directions.
Tom asked Mary for advice.
Tom asked Mary for a divorce.
Tom asked Mary for a date, but she turned him down.
Tom asked Mary's father to buy him a ticket.
Tom asked Mary and her friends for help.
Tom asked Mary about what she did in school that day.
Tom asked Mary about the accident that she was involved in.
Tom asked Mary about her new job in Boston.
Tom asked Mary about her new boyfriend.
Tom asked Mary about her grandmother.
Tom asked Mary a rather difficult question.
Tom asked Mary a lot of questions, but she refused to answer some of them.
Tom asked Mary a lot of personal questions.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she couldn't answer, but she was able to answer most of his questions.
Tom asked if anybody knew anything about Mary.
Tom asked her if she was Mary.
Tom asked for Mary's permission to leave early.
Tom asked for Mary's help.
Tom asked for Mary's address and wrote it down on a piece of scrap paper.
Tom asked Mary if she could make him a sandwich.
Tom asked a few questions that Mary didn't want to answer.
Tom arrived too early and Mary wasn't ready yet.
Tom arrived at the party after Mary did.
Tom arrived ahead of Mary.
Tom arrived after Mary had left.
Tom argued with Mary about the matter.
Tom argued with Mary about money.
Tom appreciates everything that Mary has done for him.
Tom appreciated Mary's hard work.
Tom appreciated Mary's advice.
Tom appreciated all the letters Mary sent him while he was in prison.
Tom appointed Mary to act as his assistant.
Tom apologized to Mary for not doing what he was supposed to do.
Tom apologized to Mary for his son's rudeness.
Tom apologized to Mary for his son's impolite remarks.
Tom apologized to Mary for being late.
Tom apologized to Mary for accidentally stepping on her foot.
Tom apologized for not having told Mary sooner.
Tom answered Mary's letter right away.
Tom answered all of Mary's questions.
Tom and Mary worked out their problems.
Tom and Mary woke up early to see the first sunrise of the year.
Tom and Mary were too busy yelling at each other to notice that I'd entered the room.
Tom and Mary were talking quietly in the kitchen a few minutes ago.
Tom and Mary were plotting to kill Tom's father for the life insurance.
Tom and Mary were paddling a canoe down the river the last time I saw them.
Tom and Mary were my backup singers back when I used to perform.
Tom and Mary were just shooting the breeze.
Tom and Mary were just in time for the last train.
Tom and Mary were in the same class.
Tom and Mary were in the same class last year.
Tom and Mary were in the garden.
Tom and Mary were held as hostages for three months.
Tom and Mary were classmates.
Tom and Mary were both sitting cross-legged on the floor.
Tom and Mary were a match made in heaven.
Tom and Mary went fishing together.
Tom and Mary went away for the weekend.
Tom and Mary walked up the street together.
Tom and Mary are very much in love.
Tom and Mary usually take it easy on Sundays.
Tom and Mary usually like to sit in the front row.
Tom and Mary traveled around Japan.
Tom and Mary took a long walk through the countryside.
Tom and Mary shared an umbrella. However, it wasn't big enough and they both got wet.
Tom and Mary share the responsibility for it.
Tom and Mary seem to be suited for each other.
Tom and Mary seem to be in some kind of trouble.
Tom and Mary seem to be fighting all the time.
Tom and Mary say that they have the perfect marriage.
Tom and Mary sat down to dinner at the usual time.
Tom and Mary reached an agreement.
Tom and Mary ran into the air-raid shelter.
Tom and Mary raise rabbits for meat.
Tom and Mary quarrel almost every day.
Tom and Mary pushed the table against the wall.
Tom and Mary pretended to be husband and wife.
Tom and Mary often work together on Friday.
Tom and Mary met in front of the museum at 2:30.
Tom and Mary meet in downtown Boston once a month.
Tom and Mary love each other.
Tom and Mary looked at each other.
Tom and Mary live under the same roof.
Tom and Mary live in the same house.
Tom and Mary like each other.
Tom and Mary laughed about the time they had a food fight.
Tom and Mary know each other.
Tom and Mary know each other well.
Tom and Mary just wanted to dance with each other all evening.
Tom and Mary just met three months ago.
Tom and Mary just don't hit it off.
Tom and Mary immediately became friends.
Tom and Mary helped each other with their homework.
Tom and Mary have nothing in common.
Tom and Mary have different philosophies of life.
Tom and Mary have broken off their engagement.
Tom and Mary have been married for more than thirty years.
Tom and Mary have been married for about three years.
Tom and Mary have been friends for three years.
Tom and Mary have been at odds with each other for a long time.
Tom and Mary have achieved remarkable results using their new technique.
Tom and Mary hated each other.
Tom and Mary had their old house torn down.
Tom and Mary had a nice time together.
Tom and Mary had a good time together.
Tom and Mary had a good time playing chess.
Tom and Mary got married three years ago.
Tom and Mary got married three years after they first met.
Tom and Mary got married the week after they graduated from college.
Tom and Mary got married about three years ago.
Tom and Mary got along very well.
Tom and Mary get along well with each other.
Tom and Mary gave exactly the same answers on the test which made the teacher suspicious.
Tom and Mary furnished their house with inexpensive furniture.
Tom and Mary fought like cat and dog.
Tom and Mary finally decided to get married.
Tom and Mary fell in love with each other.
Tom and Mary fell head over heels in love with each other.
Tom and Mary failed to reach an agreement.
Tom and Mary enjoy playing music together.
Tom and Mary drifted down the river in their canoe.
Tom and Mary don't speak French at home.
Tom and Mary don't seem to be hungry.
Tom and Mary don't know each other very well.
Tom and Mary don't have much in common.
Tom and Mary don't get along. They have nothing in common.
Tom and Mary don't get along very well.
Tom and Mary discussed their future plans.
Tom and Mary discussed the problem for almost an hour.
Tom and Mary died in the fire.
Tom and Mary didn't enjoy walking in the rain.
Tom and Mary detest each other.
Tom and Mary demanded better working conditions.
Tom and Mary decided to meet there again the following week.
Tom and Mary decided to get married.
Tom and Mary cut classes and went to the zoo.
Tom and Mary couldn't go on a picnic because it was raining.
Tom and Mary cooked dinner on Monday.
Tom and Mary cleaned up after the party.
Tom and Mary claim that they never lie to each other.
Tom and Mary celebrated their success.
Tom and Mary celebrate Christmas together every year.
Tom and Mary carried the injured man to the side of the road.
Tom and Mary came up with a possible solution to their problem.
Tom and Mary both want to go.
Tom and Mary both started talking at the same time.
Tom and Mary both prefer watching comedies.
Tom and Mary became very good friends.
Tom and Mary ate at a three-hundred-year-old restaurant.
Tom and Mary argue a lot, but they still get along quite well together.
Tom and Mary aren't speaking to each other.
Tom and Mary aren't quite sure what to make of this.
Tom and Mary aren't interested in buying a house with a pool.
Tom and Mary aren't getting along very well with each other nowadays.
Tom and Mary aren't Canadians.
Tom and Mary are watching TV in the living room.
Tom and Mary are very good friends.
Tom and Mary are very close to each other.
Tom and Mary are the same age.
Tom and Mary are the only ones still in the room.
Tom and Mary are talking about what they'll do on Valentine's Day.
Tom and Mary are really made for each other.
Tom and Mary are planning to have a house built after they have their first child.
Tom and Mary are on the same wavelength.
Tom and Mary are on good terms with each other.
Tom and Mary are now discussing the problem.
Tom and Mary are no longer on speaking terms.
Tom and Mary are neighbors.
Tom and Mary are moving next month.
Tom and Mary are in the same class.
Tom and Mary are husband and wife.
Tom and Mary are having a house-warming party this coming Friday evening.
Tom and Mary are having a good time.
Tom and Mary are growing further and further apart.
Tom and Mary are good friends.
Tom and Mary are going to tie the knot this spring.
Tom and Mary are going to have a baby.
Tom and Mary are going to have a baby next month.
Tom and Mary are going to climb Mt. Fuji next summer.
Tom and Mary are going to be here in ten minutes.
Tom and Mary are going to a dance tomorrow evening.
Tom and Mary are going downtown to eat pizza.
Tom and Mary are giving a party on Friday night.
Tom and Mary are from the same part of the country.
Tom and Mary are from the same city.
Tom and Mary are flying to Boston tomorrow.
Tom and Mary are expecting visitors this evening.
Tom and Mary are expecting their first child next month.
Tom and Mary are expecting a baby.
Tom and Mary are devoted to each other.
Tom and Mary are dependent on each other.
Tom and Mary are deeply in love.
Tom and Mary are deeply in love with each other.
Tom and Mary are cousins.
Tom and Mary are close friends.
Tom and Mary are carpenters.
Tom and Mary are brother and sister.
Tom and Mary are both wearing brown hats.
Tom and Mary are both very kind and will help anybody who asks.
Tom and Mary are both very competent teachers.
Tom and Mary are both vegetarians.
Tom and Mary are both students.
Tom and Mary are both still single.
Tom and Mary are both responsible for it.
Tom and Mary are both old enough to know better.
Tom and Mary are both indecisive.
Tom and Mary are both good students.
Tom and Mary are both colleagues of mine.
Tom and Mary are both at work.
Tom and Mary are at work now.
Tom and Mary are at home today.
Tom and Mary are as different as night and day.
Tom and Mary are as different as black and white.
Tom and Mary are always flirting with each other.
Tom and Mary are always at each other's throats.
Tom and Mary are always arguing about money.
Tom and Mary are always arguing about how to raise their children.
Tom and Mary are about the same height.
Tom and Mary are about the same age.
Tom and Mary are a perfect match for each other.
Tom and Mary always talk about the same old things. It gets kind of boring.
Tom and Mary always seem to have a wonderful time together.
Tom and Mary always play tennis on Saturday morning.
Tom and Mary almost always play tennis after school.
Tom and Mary agreed to postpone the party for a week.
Tom and Mary agreed to leave the party before midnight.
Tom and Mary agreed on a price.
Tom and Mary adopted two children whose parents had been killed by a suicide bomber.
Tom and Mary adopted three children.
Tom and Mary admired the scenery as they held hands.
Tom and Mary accomplished their mission without any difficulty.
Tom always wanted to visit Mary, but he never had the chance.
Tom always treats Mary like a child.
Tom always gets nervous when Mary is around.
Tom always feels happy when he sees Mary.
Tom always complains about what Mary does.
Tom always behaves himself well. However, Mary does not.
Tom almost didn't get to meet Mary.
Tom allowed Mary to leave early.
Tom allowed Mary to go home early.
Tom all but accused Mary of being a thief.
Tom agrees that Mary should do most of the driving on their upcoming trip.
Tom agreed with Mary in principle.
Tom agreed to help Mary with her work.
Tom agreed to accept Mary's offer.
Tom agreed that Mary's suggestions were good ones.
Tom advised Mary to take a rest.
Tom advised Mary to leave early in the morning.
Tom advised Mary not to drive too fast in a school zone.
Tom advised Mary not to drink too much.
Tom advanced Mary two week's salary.
Tom adores Mary and follows her everywhere she goes.
Tom adopted Mary's idea.
Tom admitted that what Mary said was true.
Tom admitted that he was no match for Mary in golf.
Tom admitted that he murdered Mary.
Tom admitted that he had stolen Mary's money.
Tom admitted that he had killed Mary.
Tom admires Mary's singing ability.
Tom admires Mary for her honesty.
Tom admired Mary for her courage.
Tom admired Mary for her bravery.
Tom acted like he didn't know Mary.
Tom acted as if he didn't know Mary.
Tom acted as an interpreter for Mary.
Tom accused Mary of stealing some money.
Tom accused Mary of stealing his money.
Tom accused Mary of not being honest.
Tom accused Mary of lying through her teeth.
Tom accused Mary of drinking like a fish.
Tom accused Mary of being a thief.
Tom accompanied Mary to the event.
Tom accompanied Mary on the guitar.
Tom accommodated his schedule to Mary's.
Tom accepts that what Mary said was the truth.
Tom accepted the invitation to attend Mary's party.
Tom accepted that what Mary said was true.
Tom accepted Mary's offer.
Tom accepted Mary's invitation.
Tom accepted Mary's invitation to have dinner with her.
Tom accepted Mary's gift.
Tom accepted Mary's challenge to a tennis match.
Tom accepted an expensive gift from Mary.
Tom absolutely detests Mary.
Though Tom and Mary are twins, they don't look very similar.
This is Tom speaking. Is Mary in?
This is Tom speaking. I'd like to speak to Mary.
They think that Tom followed Mary home and killed her.
There's something going on between Tom and Mary.
There's no doubt that Tom poisoned Mary.
There's no doubt that Tom loved Mary.
There were times when Tom wished he hadn't married Mary.
There were so many things that reminded Tom of Mary.
There were many things that Tom wanted Mary to do that day.
There was no one in the room besides Tom and Mary.
The question is whether Tom was planning to meet Mary or just met her by chance.
The police think that Tom beat Mary to death.
The man Mary is talking with is Tom.
The girl talking with Tom is Mary.
The doctors told Tom that Mary didn't have long to live.
That tall girl standing next to Tom is Mary.
Tell me how Tom and Mary met.
Only Tom and Mary know the inside story.
Now that Tom and Mary have broken up, it's probably OK to ask her out on a date.
No one came yesterday except Tom and Mary.
Mary wouldn't give Tom a divorce.
Mary was dating a younger man.
Mary wanted to finish making breakfast before Tom woke up.
Mary waited years for Tom to get out of prison and was very happy when he finally got released.
Mary used to play with dolls.
Mary used to dream about Tom.
Mary used to dream about marrying Tom.
Mary used to dream about getting married.
Mary took her time choosing a dress even though Tom was waiting for her.
Mary thinks Tom is afraid of commitment.
Mary says that Tom spends his money a little too freely.
Mary says that Tom is afraid of commitment.
Mary said that she loved me, but I didn't believe her.
Mary makes all her own clothes.
Mary looks good in a black dress.
Mary lived in a convent for a few months.
Mary likes both Tom and John.
Mary is very pretty.
Mary is Tom's younger sister.
Mary is Tom's wife.
Mary is Tom's sister.
Mary is Tom's sister-in-law.
Mary is Tom's secretary.
Mary is Tom's older sister.
Mary is Tom's mother.
Mary is Tom's mother-in-law.
Mary is Tom's grandmother.
Mary is Tom's granddaughter.
Mary is Tom's ex-wife.
Mary is Tom's daughter.
Mary is Tom's cousin.
Mary is Tom's aunt.
Mary is the kind of woman I like.
Mary is really great. She cooked a wonderful meal for me and even washed the dishes herself.
Mary is one of the prettiest women in Boston.
Mary is one of the most beautiful women I've ever met.
Mary is cooking stew and Tom is making a salad.
Mary is blackmailing Tom.
Mary is a single mom.
Mary helped Tom.
Mary has been looking for a guy like Tom.
Mary dreamed that one day she would meet a prince and they would get married.
Mary doesn't make pie crust. She usually buys it pre-made.
Mary changes her nail color almost every day.
Mary baked three dozen cookies for Tom's party.
Mary asked Tom to zip up her dress.
Mary asked Tom to carry her suitcase.
Mary announced her engagement to Tom.
Mary advised Tom to save a little money each month.
Luckily Tom didn't see Mary.
Let me tell you how Tom and Mary met.
Just this morning, Tom repaid Mary the money he owed her.
It wasn't until long after they got married that Tom found out that Mary was wanted for murder.
It was during the rainy season three years ago that Tom first met Mary.
It smells like Tom is wearing the same perfume that Mary is.
It seems that Tom had planned to give Mary the loan she had been looking for.
It might sound crazy, but I think I'm still in love with Mary.
It may seem like a crazy idea, but I think we should go visit Tom and Mary right now.
It doesn't make much sense to me that Tom would be allowed to go, but Mary wouldn't be.
If Mary slapped Tom, I'm sure he deserved it.
If I remember correctly, Tom sold his car to Mary for just 500 dollars.
If I remember correctly, that's the song Tom sang at Mary's wedding.
I've made up my mind to ask Mary to marry me.
I'm pretty sure Tom really loved Mary.
I'm more afraid of Tom than I am of Mary.
I wonder if Tom has ever told Mary about what we did on that day.
I wonder if Tom ever took Mary up on her offer.
I wonder if Tom ever regrets leaving Mary.
I wonder if Tom can sing as well as Mary.
I wonder if Mary realizes how poor Tom really is.
I wonder if I should just pretend to appreciate the dinner that Mary made for us.
I was raised by Tom and Mary.
I was never involved with Mary.
I was just wondering if Tom could possibly be in love with Mary.
I wanted to ask Tom how much he paid for his new house, but Mary told me that would be impolite.
I think Tom is hiding something from Mary.
I think Tom doesn't have the courage to oppose Mary.
I think Tom and Mary are too young to get married.
I think Mary is too young to wear makeup.
I think Mary is too young to have her ears pierced.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will marry Mary.
I saw Tom kiss Mary.
I saw Tom hit Mary.
I saw Tom give Mary something in a small box.
I saw Tom give Mary a peck on the cheek.
I met Tom before I graduated from high school, but didn't meet Mary until many years later.
I like the way Mary looks.
I knew something bad would happen if Tom and Mary went hiking together.
I hope Mary knows how much I care about her.
I have told Tom over and over again not to make fun of Mary.
I have already told Tom that Mary isn't here.
I doubt that Tom would ever go out with Mary.
I doubt that Tom would ever consider asking Mary to marry him.
I doubt that Tom knew that Mary was already married.
I bet Tom would be glad if Mary didn't come tonight.
I asked Tom to do the same thing that Mary was doing.
I always thought Tom and Mary were a good couple.
I always thought that Tom and Mary would eventually get married.
How often does Tom see Mary?
How do you think Tom is going to propose to Mary?
How did Tom and Mary get to know each other?
Frankly, I didn't have the confidence to ask Mary to have lunch with me.
Even though Tom begged Mary not to go, she left with the children and went to live with her mother.
Even though it's against company policy, Tom and Mary kiss and hug every time they meet.
Don't tell Tom that Mary isn't planning on helping his mother.
Does Tom work for Mary?
Does Tom often go drinking with Mary?
Does Tom like Mary?
Do you think Mary is too fat to be a cheerleader?
Didn't Tom go to Mary's house?
Did Tom tell you about what he and Mary did last weekend?
Both Tom and Mary were born in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary plan to study music in Boston.
Both Tom and Mary didn't know how to send a fax.
Before Tom met Mary, he never seemed to be happy.
Before Tom met Mary, he drank heavily.
Before Mary got married, she was much thinner.
Before Mary got married, she was a dancer.
As Tom and Mary approached the station, they saw their train pull out.
As soon as Tom got Mary alone, he told her the bad news.
As soon as Tom got Mary alone, he started kissing her.
After Tom passed away, Mary went back to her parents' home.
After slapping Tom's right cheek, Mary stomped on his left foot.
After slapping Tom, Mary ran out of the room.
After kissing Mary, Tom left for work.
After killing Tom, Mary escaped through the window.
After killing Tom, Mary buried him in a shallow grave.
After hugging Tom, Mary picked up her suitcase and left.
According to Tom's will, Mary will inherit his entire estate.
Tom reminds me of John.
Tom and John went to the bar last night to pick up some girls.
Tom, Mary and John shared the cost of the party.
Tom was unable to talk Mary out of marrying John.
Tom was Mary's boyfriend before she met John.
Tom wants Mary to meet John.
Tom urged Mary to tell John the truth.
Tom tried to stop Mary from talking to John.
Tom tried to persuade Mary to go to John's party.
Tom tried to get Mary to help John.
Tom tried not to listen to Mary and John discussing their financial situation.
Tom told Mary that he had seen John in January.
Tom told Mary that he believed what John said.
Tom told Mary to talk to John.
Tom told Mary not to wait for John.
Tom told Mary not to swim with John.
Tom told Mary about John.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John.
Tom thinks Mary should apologize to John for not doing what she said she'd do.
Tom showed Mary John's picture.
Tom showed Mary a picture of John.
Tom saw Mary driving John's new car.
Tom remembered that Mary and John had tried to kill him.
Tom must be aware that Mary is John's girlfriend.
Tom knows both Mary and John.
Tom introduced Mary to John.
Tom heard that Mary and John had split up.
Tom heard Mary talk about John.
Tom has arranged for Mary to meet John on Wednesday.
Tom has a message for John from Mary.
Tom forgot to tell Mary that John had called.
Tom doesn't like the way John looks at Mary.
Tom doesn't know why Mary and John are fighting.
Tom disliked both Mary and John.
Tom didn't know when Mary met John.
Tom didn't blame Mary for hitting John.
Tom convinced Mary that John was innocent.
Tom asked Mary where John was.
Tom asked Mary where John lived.
Tom asked Mary to help John with his homework assignment.
Tom asked Mary to drive John to the airport.
Tom asked Mary to deliver a message to John.
Tom asked Mary if she'd go to John's art exhibit.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's wife.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's new telephone number.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John's address.
Tom asked Mary if she knew John.
Tom asked Mary about John.
Tom and Mary were about to sit down for dinner when John knocked on the door.
Tom and Mary named their baby John.
Tom and Mary attempted to murder John.
Tom always thought that John and Mary were such a nice couple.
Tom advised Mary not to borrow too much money from John.
Tom advised Mary not to believe everything John says.
At that time, Tom was sitting between Mary and John.
At 2:00 a.m. he finally found the solution.
He said, "I'm trying too much, but I don't achieve any success."
The government doesn't notice people. They do whatever they want.
A merciless slaugter had been committed in Srebrenica in 1995.
Turkish war of independence against Eurpean imperialist powers had lasted from 1919 to 1923.
Ottoman Turks conquered Egypt in 1517.
The Soviet Union dissolved in 1991.
What should I do until 8 o'clock?!
You didn't need to hurry. You got here too early anyway.
You needn't have hurried. You've arrived too early.
She took her secrets to the grave.
I've made peace with my maker. I'm ready to die.
If you're missing the forest for the trees then you're failing to see the big picture.
He's bulked up quite a bit since he's been going to the gym.
He's much more into her than she is into him.
A professional thief can jimmy a car door in no time.
One way of committing suicide is by taking a swan dive off a tall building.
The job comes with a lot of fringe benefits.
Just do what you've got to do.
I wonder when they'll come out with a cell phone in a wrist watch.
If you want to be free, destroy your television set.
Could you turn the music down?
The pike is not yet struck.
There's only rubbish on the radio.
It's difficult to live in this city.
I lied unwillingly.
I like the Occitan language.
I know what he did.
I just knew you would say that.
Is this your notebook?
I have no choice but to do that.
I'm looking for my eyeglasses.
We see.
The train came on time.
I want to go to the city.
CouchSurfing is like speaking Esperanto, it's a dream coming true: the global village.
The hens ran away, dumbasses had left the door open to them.
Tell her that I love her.
Popes are soft targets, they don't issue fatwas but only bulls.
He is going to New York next week.
Grabbing him by the shoulders, she shook him and yelled, "Snap out of it!"
Once upon a time, there was a chicken with a crispbread.
I like it when you talk dirty to me!
I wish leprechauns could do my work.
I hope nobody minds my being straggly and unkempt at five in the morning.
I like the color blue.
Iranians used to eat main meal with yoghurt.
In ethnic Iranian foods, you can see many products which are made of milk.
The tree stopped growing.
The Lake Van is the greatest lake of Turkey.
Either be as you seem or seem as you are.
Zulfiqar was the famous sword of Hazret-i Ali, fourth caliph of Islam.
I like ice-cream very much.
I don't want to celebrate my birthday.
You've got a vivid imagination!
The highest entropy state is the most likely state of the system.
Let us complicate things further.
English is usually taught in France from the junior high school.
This new state could in principle be any microscopic state.
Cats are social animals.
He departed for Australia.
Masaru wishes to join the English Club.
You'd better not speak.
He stayed at the hotel.
It turned out that we received a million dollars.
I write a letter.
I will have to tell him the truth tomorrow.
Come if you can!
He came at 3 o'clock in the afternoon.
I looked for a place to crash.
You spilled your coffee.
They replaced the broken television with a new one.
You need to go to bed again.
The clouds dispersed themselves.
Tomorrow morning, we will regroup at 8 o'clock, don't be late.
Dreams can make me crazy.
Where are the shoes?
My only distraction is the game Go.
I don't know if there's time.
Her theory is based on facts.
Leave the door open.
The whole class took the test.
He thinks only about himself.
He's got a white cat.
Give me a little.
Never fuck with a fucker!
My older sister got engaged.
I didn't see anything.
The Internet has expanded the range of my sex life; it's a bit like I upgraded to ballistic missiles.
I don't know how much those two bikes cost.
I haven't talked to you in a while.
Social networks enable men to revive their instinct of pack hunters, like hyena.
Write down your name with a pencil, please.
Please give me some coffee.
Please give me a coffee.
Please give me a cup of coffee.
All dreams are lies.
What's his most recent novel?
He'll be in London about this time tomorrow.
He's just like his grandfather.
He blames his failure on bad luck.
Which do you like better, white wine or red wine?
Which do you prefer, white wine or red wine?
May I open a can?
Is it OK if I open a can?
I didn't use to like wine, but now I like it a lot.
Please tell me how to get to the beach.
I'd like to go to France sometime.
That's right. He's Anthony.
Kinshasa is the capital of Democratic Republic of the Congo.
That would be wicked!
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Joy, beautiful spark of the gods, daughter of Elysium, we approach fire-drunk, heavenly One, your shrine.
Sand is hot.
She studies French, but I study Flemish.
If, between pride and love, one chooses pride, can it then have been love?
How can I solve this problem?
I can't find the hand net.
Karthik is a boy. He is a good boy.
Although many European researchers have studied ancient Persian literature in the nineteenth century, the new world is not paying attention to our contemporary literature.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
I'm a cheese connoisseur.
He's had a liberal upbringing.
The Italian paid for his coffee in Germany with Greek euro coins.
Your name has been dropped from the list.
Your name was deleted from the list.
Adding comments makes the code easier to read.
Sea otters love to eat clams while swimming on their backs.
Can you do me a solid?
The world is a dangerous place.
Can you loan me a pen?
In Esperanto, nouns end in "o". The plural is formed by adding a "j".
Please don't make noise.
It's the living image of your grandfather.
That toy is made out of wood.
I was with him in January.
Do you know a good way to memorize new vocabulary?
Everyone thinks the same way.
I'd like another beer.
I'm allergic to aspirin, penicillin, and sulfamides.
This initiative strives to promote writing in Occitan.
It likes strange animals, like snakes.
You don't know how to screw in a lightbulb?
He likes strange animals, like snakes.
She likes strange animals, like snakes.
Between sobs, that lost girl said her name.
There's almost no water left in the pond.
They left their house quickly.
My heart is pounding.
After dinner, I take a walk on the beach.
Your argument is not based in reality.
Your argument is not based in fact.
The field is full of wild flowers.
He lost his father when he was three years old.
She lost her father when she was three years old.
He sat on the bank.
She sat on the bank.
I think Tom is charming.
I couldn't go to your birthday party.
I couldn't come to your birthday party.
I was very tired today.
We're going to begin with lesson ten.
The conference will take place in Tokyo.
They missed a lot.
You missed a lot.
The bus has a ten-minute delay.
The bus has a delay of ten minutes.
The bus is running ten minutes late.
He's your regular workaholic.
She's your regular workaholic.
He's a regular workaholic.
She's a regular workaholic.
He's your typical workaholic.
She's your typical workaholic.
What are you going to do now?
What are you going to make now?
Come in!
Enter!
He gets to work by bus?
He takes the bus to work?
Are you sure that Midori plays the violin well?
We're worried about your health.
It's incredible!
Bradley was an English astronomer.
She suffers from a chronic illness.
She has some relation to that group.
Do you want to go on a picnic with me?
It's possible that he came here when he was young.
It's possible that he came here when he was a boy.
He's really a good guy.
I went to the reunion.
It's not necessary to put him in the hospital.
He won her love.
He earned her love.
He had already spent two hours lecturing when she came in.
They live on the floor above.
He was infuriated with what she said.
He was infuriated by what she said.
He earns over 500 dollars a month with that job.
He earns over 500 dollars a month from that job.
He earns over 500 dollars a month at that job.
Many men left for the West in search of gold.
Many men set out for the West in search of gold.
In another time, there were poor farmers in that village.
There were once poor farmers in that village.
I am a Berliner.
All you need is love.
Love is all you need.
Why aren't you listening to me?
If a brain can do it, a computer can do it.
I like your dress so much I wish there was an 'I like' button I could press.
Barman, I need a drink.
I exercise for two hours every day.
She has a very good voice.
Do you need an envelope?
Are you all listening to me?
I plan to go to her cocktail party.
My very educated mother just served us nine pizzas.
She gave me a kiss suddenly.
I had to run all the step hill alone.
There's too much sport on TV.
The Korean contributions this year for the national economy were very opportunes.
I want to eat a mango.
A red wine, please.
My very educated mother just showed us nine planets.
It's nothing personal.
A Turkish soft G and a Spanish H eloped and had lots of completely silent children together.
After hearing the sad news, she broke down in tears.
Do you want money?
The Tatoeba Project, which can be found online at tatoeba.org, is working on creating a large database of example sentences translated into many languages.
Does anybody know how the fire started?
I think I'll take a look around.
If you know what's good for you, you'll quit doing that.
Maybe we can make a deal.
The police uncovered a major drug operation.
There was an old clunker parked just behind my new sports car.
What can I do for you?
You're welcome to stay with us as long as you want.
Google harder!
It took Tom fifteen minutes of googling before he found what he was looking for.
Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
Slanderous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic, violent, abusive, insulting, threatening and harassing comments are not tolerated.
We're sorry we weren't able to help you.
He earns three times as much as I do.
Our ancestors arrived in this country 150 years ago.
One for all and all for one.
The massacre in Norway and the recent rebellion and the booty in England, are dreadful in consideration of the circumstances that the world drifted into.
The rebellion in England is frightening.
As far as I remember, he didn't say that.
Red wine, please.
Adding comments makes it easier to read the code.
Adding comments makes reading the code easier.
When she was three years old, her father died.
Her father died when she was three.
When you travel overseas, you usually need a passport.
A passport is usually necessary when you travel overseas.
He suggested to me that we go to the beach.
I can't stay long. I have plans.
I like my job just fine.
I'm just doing my job.
Try to stay out of trouble.
The children chanted, "Rain, rain go away. Come again another day."
What does your job entail?
We need a plan.
The store was relatively empty.
Considering what time it was, the supermarket was relatively empty.
Tomorrow's my day off.
If you need a ride, I could come and get you.
Have you reported the theft to the police?
Have you reported that your father is missing?
I'm all out of ideas.
That's a pretty good idea.
That makes perfect sense to me.
That's a ridiculous idea.
That's not funny.
Do you have a better idea?
Let's give it a try.
Two men wearing ski masks entered the bank.
And why not?
The man asked me who I was, but I didn't think I had to answer.
During the day, we work, and at night, we rest.
I don't like to travel in large groups.
I don't like to travel with large groups.
I helped my mother even though I was busy.
Marco is shorter than Mario.
If you want war, you'll get war.
My mother gets along with my aunt.
This milk is germ-free.
We made a lot of progress today.
Aha! You went, right?
These days, kids no longer play in the street.
We're gonna grab a drink!
If you change your mind, let me know.
Is it OK if I turn the TV down?
Would you like big bills or small bills?
Please, where's the closest travel agency?
Dreams are not always fulfilled.
Congratulations on your victory!
Congratulations on your win!
More and more people have a computer in their home.
This radio is no bigger than a matchbook.
You'll have to ask somebody else.
If you change your mind, let us know.
He hasn't written them a letter in a long time.
He hasn't written you a letter in a long time.
He hasn't said a word.
She hasn't said a word.
We all like to ride bikes.
Which house do you live in?
Your wife has seen the need to look for work.
I study English for two hours in the middle of the day.
I'm talking on the phone with Thomas.
Vacations are good for people who get bored during the year.
Vacations are good for people who get tired during the year.
He took his bike to the store.
He went to the store on his bike.
She went to the store on her bike.
She took her bike to the store.
Why don't you like the way you speak?
Tom can speak neither French nor Spanish.
Let's go to a concert together.
Won't you go to the concert with me?
He's got a broad Scouse accent.
School breaks up in June.
He still hasn't been to France; he really wants to go next year.
It's not bad, you don't have to cry.
I'm sorry for the late response.
I'm sure that this is a fresh water fish.
Is there anyone who speaks English?
Resist resistance!
"Don't call?" "No no, call of course!"
I didn't find the book in the library, so I decided to buy it. Unfortunately it was too expensive. However I found it on the Internet.
I apologize for the late reply.
I'm sorry I didn't answer sooner.
I apologize for not replying right away.
Are you in immediate danger?
The concert was a big disappointment.
The concert wasn't very good.
The party wasn't much fun.
The party was a big disappointment.
I need to use your phone to call the police.
I need to use your phone to call an ambulance.
I have lots of work to do tomorrow.
I need something to wet my whistle.
Whoever shuts up when he notices he's wrong is wise.
Whoever shuts up, even though he is right, is married.
Women can keep a secret when they don't know it is one.
One has to check this sentence.
Who am I? Where do I come from? Is there life after death? What is the meaning of life on earth?
I always wanted to make an around the world trip.
The police found no sign of forced entry.
My TV broke, so I had to take it to get it repaired.
I have something that belongs to you. Why don't you come over and pick it up?
So what's your problem?
After cleaning the dishes, I rinse them.
With the way my luck has be running, it'll probably rain tomorrow.
When Tom opened the door, he saw Mary standing there with a six-pack and a pizza.
When the weather was nice, Tom always left his windows open.
What's Tom like?
What's the matter with Tom?
What Tom really wanted to eat was chocolate pudding.
What Tom really wanted to do was stay at home and watch TV.
What makes you think that Tom will listen to me?
What kind of software does Tom usually use?
What kind of music does Tom like?
What kind of movies does Tom like?
What kind of house does Tom live in?
What kind of food does Tom like?
What had happened wasn't Tom's fault.
What do you think Tom's chances of getting into Harvard are?
"What a nice surprise," Tom said as he opened the door and saw Mary standing there.
Unfortunately, Tom let the cat out of the bag.
Tom's question caught Mary completely off-guard.
Tom's muscles were tired and he wanted to get home and soak in a hot bath for a while.
Tom's grades have been slipping, so he really needs to hit the books.
Tom's camera was just where he'd left it.
Tom's been working for minimum wage.
Tom's been out of work for half a year.
Tom worked on the report for the better part of the day.
Tom wondered why Mary wouldn't French kiss him.
Tom wondered if Mary would think that eight in the morning was too early for him to open a bottle of wine.
Tom wondered if he had enough money to pay the bill.
Tom wished he had a decent job.
Tom went out on a limb to help Mary and she didn't even thank him.
Tom went into the room and slammed the door behind him.
Tom wasn't smiling when he entered the room.
Tom wasn't in the mood to accept Mary's apology.
Tom wasn't feeling particularly talkative.
Tom was wondering how he was supposed to get around without a car.
Tom was thoroughly depressed.
Tom was tempted to tell Mary the truth.
Tom was tempted to go, but at the last moment he decided not to.
Tom was taking a snooze.
Tom was reasonably certain that Mary had stolen his grandfather's gold watch.
Tom was killed in an automobile accident.
Tom was hard up for money and said he would take any job he was offered.
Tom was gunned down on the sidewalk in front of his house.
Tom was getting tired of hearing Mary bragging about winning the race.
Tom was fed up with waiting for Mary.
Tom was exactly twelve minutes late.
Tom was angry with himself for being late.
Tom was afraid that they'd lock him up and throw away the key.
Tom was afraid that the police might want to arrest him.
Tom was afraid that Mary might poke her eye out, so he told her to be careful.
Tom warned Mary to stay away from his house.
Tom wanted to know everything about Mary.
Tom wanted to help Mary, but he didn't know where to begin.
Tom wanted to go, but he had lots of things to do.
Tom wanted to get as far away from Mary as he could.
Tom wanted desperately to believe what Mary said was true.
Tom waited for what seemed like a long time.
Tom usually says "Pardon my French" whenever he swears.
Tom understood exactly what Mary meant.
Tom tried the door, but it was locked.
Tom took the old dog out behind the barn and shot it.
Tom took the gun from Mary before she could kill herself.
Tom took his coat out of the hall closet and put it on.
Tom told the police that he had seen nothing suspicious.
Tom told Mary to be careful.
Tom told Mary everything she needed to know.
Tom thought that Mary would make a good bounty hunter.
Tom thought of the many ways he could kill Mary.
Tom thought it would be a good idea if Mary got a gun.
Tom thinks that Mary is being unnecessarily cautious.
Tom thinks that Mary drinks like a fish.
Tom talked to Mary's neighbors and asked them if they knew where she'd gone.
Tom stripped off his dirty clothes and threw them into the washing machine.
Tom stepped into the elevator and pushed the button for the third floor.
Tom started the coffee brewing, then checked his email.
Tom started a fight with Mary.
Tom sprang out of bed, threw on some clothes, ate breakfast and was out of the door within ten minutes.
Tom spent the better part of the day writing an article for a local magazine.
Tom sneaked out the back door.
Tom slipped on the ice and fell down.
Tom slipped on ice and broke his hip last winter.
Tom slipped into the classroom unnoticed.
Tom slept like a log last night.
Tom shoved his sunglasses to the top of his head.
Tom seems to have packed everything but the kitchen sink.
Tom seemed genuinely surprised when I told him that Mary had left town.
Tom scarfed down the ham sandwich that Mary had made for him.
Tom sat on the stump loading his gun.
Tom said that he was too tired to do anything else.
Tom rolled out of bed at 6:30, shuffled into the kitchen and put two slices of bread into the toaster.
Tom recognized the old man, but didn't know his name.
Tom pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket.
Tom pulled a flashlight out of his jacket pocket.
Tom pretended to not hear a thing.
Tom poured some milk into a glass and handed it to Mary.
Tom poured Mary a cup of coffee and topped off his own.
Tom politely pretended not to notice that Mary had been crying.
Tom picked up the stamp and took a closer look.
Tom parked as close to Mary's apartment building as he could.
Tom opted for early retirement.
Tom opened the door before Mary had a chance to knock.
Tom never tells off-color jokes.
Tom needed to decide whether he would continue working in Boston.
Tom made himself a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Tom lugged his suitcase up the stairs.
Tom looked like he was somewhere in his late thirties.
Tom looked like he hadn't shaved in a week.
Tom looked like he always looks.
Tom lives in Boston with his parents.
Tom knows his way around Boston.
Tom kicked the door in.
Tom just loves pineapple upside-down cake.
Tom isn't much of a drinker.
Tom is in the garage changing his oil.
Tom is good at finding good bargains.
Tom is caught between a rock and a hard place.
Tom is between jobs right now.
Tom is a suspect in a homicide investigation.
Tom helped Mary set the table.
Tom hates backseat drivers.
Tom hasn't written a letter in a long time.
Tom hasn't seen Mary more than five or six time in the past twelve years.
Tom hasn't said a word all morning.
Tom hasn't gone swimming in a long time.
Tom hasn't cleaned his gun in a long time.
Tom hasn't been to the supermarket in a long time.
Tom has some nosy neighbors.
Tom has lost a lot of blood and the doctors are worried.
Tom has grown old and can't cut the mustard anymore.
Tom has bitten off more than he can chew.
Tom has been under a lot of strain recently.
Tom has been running around the office like a chicken with its head cut off.
Tom has been living alone for a long time.
Tom has been avoiding Mary.
Tom has been accused of shooting an unarmed man.
Tom has a long history of getting into trouble.
Tom has a chip on his shoulder.
Tom has a cast iron stomach. He can eat just about anything.
Tom had to pay a fine for jaywalking.
Tom had the annoying habit of hardly ever answering email messages.
Tom had some unfinished business to attend to.
Tom had put off telling Mary the bad news for as long as possible.
Tom had planned to catch up on some work over the weekend.
Tom had no way of knowing when Mary would arrive.
Tom had no intention on waiting until Mary got back.
Tom had no intention of ever seeing Mary again.
Tom had never been in that part of Boston before.
Tom had meat loaf and mashed potatoes for dinner.
Tom had enough money to buy a few groceries.
Tom had been standing in the rain for what seemed like hours.
Tom had been released from the hospital, but he was still recovering from the gunshot wound.
Tom had been Mary's best friend for as long as she could remember.
Tom had an eagle tattooed on his right arm.
Tom had a week's worth of beard on his face.
Tom had a perfectly good reason for leaving early.
Tom had a new scar on his forehead since the last time Mary had seen him.
Tom had a good reason for not being there.
Tom got up on the wrong side of the bed and has been grouchy all day.
Tom got two beers out of the refrigerator and handed one to Mary.
Tom got to his feet and walked over to the window.
Tom gave Mary a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
Tom found that he actually liked working for Mary.
Tom found out that his phone had been tapped.
Tom found out that his phone had been bugged.
Tom found Mary lying unconscious on the kitchen floor.
Tom found it fairly easy to follow Mary without being seen.
Tom forgot to take his medication this morning.
Tom flopped onto his bed and was soon fast asleep.
Tom figured that Mary would like to know the news.
Tom figured it would take him a full day to finish painting the garage.
Tom felt completely helpless.
Tom dropped Mary off in front of John's.
Tom dropped by Mary's home every day for lunch.
Tom drives Mary up the wall.
Tom drew a happy face on the cover of his notebook.
Tom double-checked his door to make sure it was locked.
Tom doesn't seem to be playing with a full deck.
Tom doesn't like working the graveyard shift.
Tom doesn't like it when this kind of stuff happens.
Tom doesn't know much about sailing, does he?
Tom doesn't know much about guns.
Tom doesn't know how to have a good time.
Tom doesn't know a whole lot about racing.
Tom doesn't exactly have an airtight alibi.
Tom doesn't always play by the rules.
Tom didn't want to see Mary in prison for a crime she didn't commit.
Tom didn't shoot anybody.
Tom didn't seem terribly interested in learning French.
Tom didn't seem inclined to elaborate and I didn't really want to know all the details anyway.
Tom didn't have the guts to shoot Mary.
Tom didn't feel like waiting.
Tom didn't feel comfortable driving Mary's new car.
Tom didn't believe it for a second.
Tom dialed Mary's number and got a busy signal.
Tom decided to take matters into his own hands.
Tom decided to mosey on over to Mary's place.
Tom crawled into bed just before midnight.
Tom couldn't imagine himself shooting anyone.
Tom climbed up the stairs to his apartment.
Tom claimed that he didn't know his beach house was being used for illegal activities.
Tom chewed Mary out for staying out all night long.
Tom checked his rearview mirror before pulling out into traffic.
Tom blamed himself for Mary's death.
Tom bends over backwards to make Mary happy.
Tom awoke at daybreak.
Tom arrived at 2:30 and Mary arrived a short time later.
Tom and Mary were married in a small church not too far from here.
Tom and Mary were in the middle of a heated argument when John walked into the room.
Tom and Mary have been happily married for thirteen years.
Tom always worried about getting locked out of his own apartment.
Tom always dreamed of becoming a bounty hunter.
Tom almost never gets scared.
Tom agreed to meet Mary in front of the laundromat.
There's a small possibility that Tom will be arrested.
The police treated Tom like a common criminal.
The police thought the victim was Tom, but they were unable to identify the body.
The police spent hours searching Tom's place, but they couldn't find the murder weapon.
The police didn't book Tom for murder.
My gut feeling is that Tom won't show up tomorrow.
Let's cut Tom some slack.
It was well after midnight when Tom got home.
It was still early in the day when Tom arrived at the campground.
It was difficult to tell if Tom was in his room.
It was close to 2:30 by the time Tom reached Mary's house.
It was almost noon by the time Tom woke up.
It took Tom a long time to get over Mary's death.
It seemed unlikely that Tom wouldn't come to Mary's birthday party.
It occurred to me while I was waiting for Tom that maybe I shouldn't have invited Mary.
In the heat of the moment, Tom slapped Mary.
If you really need a job, why don't you consider working for Tom?
If anybody could convince Tom, it would be Mary.
I've got better things to do than to keep track of what Tom's doing.
I wonder where the ice cream is. Do you think Tom could've eaten it all?
I tried to stop Tom from hurting Mary.
I think Tom is going to try to kill Mary.
I think Tom is beating around the bush.
I think Tom has been barking up the wrong tree.
I thanked Tom for his time.
I remember Tom telling me about the time he and Mary had climbed Mt. Fuji.
I find it hard to believe that Tom was involved in the kidnapping.
I don't suppose you'd consider helping Tom.
I don't suppose you know anything about Tom, do you?
I don't see Tom often.
I don't see Tom much.
I don't see Tom a whole lot.
I couldn't think of any reason why Tom would be late.
Has Tom ever been married?
From the time he was a small boy, Tom knew that he wanted to be a policeman.
For the lack of something better to do, Tom started cleaning his room.
For the lack of something better to do, Tom decided to take a long walk.
For as long as Tom could remember, his parents had been overweight.
Does Tom have more than one girlfriend?
Does Tom have a key to Mary's apartment?
Does Tom have a girlfriend?
Do you know anything about Tom?
Do you know any of Tom's friends?
As Tom and Mary spent time together, they began to get to know each other better.
After all day in the sun, Tom had a sunburned nose.
A house divided against itself cannot stand.
A leopard can't change his spots.
Drastic times call for drastic measures.
If it's not one thing, it's another.
It takes two to tango.
Never bite the hand that feeds you.
The bigger they are, the harder they fall.
Variety is the spice of life.
You can't judge a book by its cover.
You can't take it with you.
Today, I saw a woman in pink crocs and I believe that that is the best contraceptive I have ever seen.
If you can't beat them, join them.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it isn't broken, don't fix it.
We need a place to stay for the night.
She is in conflict with her father.
You shouldn't spend the whole day in front of the box!
She absolutely trounces me whenever we play Scrabble.
In my village, there is a small, narrow footbridge over a brook.
Give me an apple.
Help! I'm drowning!
The horsepower of a car matters not, with a donkey in control.
I'll do what I can to help you.
That explains why the door is open.
You're like a communist in the summertime. You've got no class.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
It ain't over till it's over.
Two out of three ain't bad.
It ain't over till the fat lady sings.
I like TATOEBA very much!
This kind of blouse is beginning to look a bit old-fashioned.
My parents persuaded me not to travel alone.
Jews fled the Spanish Inquisition and took shelter in Ottoman Empire in the fifteenth century.
Never in a lifetime!
You mustn't change your horse when crossing a river.
You can't change your horse when crossing a river.
He knows every trick in the book.
Bloody hell!
She reads the newspaper every morning.
Many students have part-time jobs.
Many students work in part-time jobs.
Watch your step or you'll get into trouble.
I like Occitan.
I'll be sitting here while he's singing.
You'll never too careful crossing a street.
We've flown for about three hours.
Stop it!
Hello. May I talk to Mr Johnson, please?
We started at the same time.
We wrote many books about China.
Do I have to use ink?
Do I have to write with ink?
I spent 10 dollars on it.
It cost me 10 dollars.
Do not watch television.
Please pass me that butter.
She seem to be getting fatter.
I don't care what he says. I will never believe him again.
My grandfather was murdered during the Second World War.
I don't have time to talk with you anymore.
You have not changed at all.
Send this message to as many people as you can.
The battery is flat.
I wish I had solar-powered car.
I'm going to sleep now.
He spent a lot of time in Iceland.
He lived in Iceland very long.
I cannot tell you how to pronounce this word.
We got used to late-hour work.
Iran's and North Korea nuclear capabilities worry the rest of the world.
This is a good deal.
This is a good bargain.
Would you show me to the nearest underground station, please?
Have you met Masao, my brother?
You don't have to wait till the end.
I'd like to clean up my house before parents come back.
Mary can cook anything without recipes.
That girl knows German and English.
No unauthorised personnel.
He was going to clean up his room.
This is our primary target.
I asked him to make four copies of the letter.
She stood in the middle of the room.
Time turns hair gray.
Earth is not the centre of the world.
It's my book.
Any milk or sugar?
This milk tastes odd.
I didn't go to school last Monday.
A ball-pen became a universal handwriting tool, replacing fountain pen.
We live close to the school.
We live in the vicinity of the school.
Tom's efforts have been rewarded.
We don't like rain.
In aftermath of the accident he lost his sight.
I was in China last year.
Homicide is punishable by death.
Who taught you to dance?
"I have to see him." "Why?"
What were you doing that moment?
Perhaps you are right.
Life's not easy.
He has a life sentence.
He said he was a friend, but it cut no ice with me.
That gave me a rough idea.
I don't see why I need to do this.
I don't understand why this has to be done.
The police were hoping that Tom could shed some light on the incident.
Tom's car was parked in front of the convenience store.
If we don't receive Tom's reply within the next three days, I think we should write him again.
Tom got out in front of the library and waited while Mary went to park the car.
Tom's house is only three blocks away from here.
Tom circled the block looking for a place to park.
I think Tom will come, but it's hard to say for sure.
Tom is a bit strapped for money.
When Tom stopped for a stop sign, his engine stalled.
You aren't really going to vote for Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to kill Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to join the army, are you?
You aren't really going to go to Boston in Tom's car, are you?
You aren't really going to go camping with Tom, are you?
You aren't really going to get rid of your classic car, are you?
You aren't really going to drive Tom's car, are you?
You aren't really going to buy Tom's old tractor, are you?
You aren't really going to argue with Tom, are you?
There is an error in this sentence.
There is a mistake in this sentence.
This sentence contains an error.
He became ever more famous as a critic.
There is little hope that he will recover.
The increase in amateur stealing on the part of middle-class youth indicates a break-down in the morality of the affluent.
Why don't you hang around a while after everyone else leaves so we can talk?
What did you want to see me about?
What did you want to talk to me about?
Tom's mother told him that he should ask Mary over for dinner.
Tom's lawyer didn't think that the jury would think that Mary was a reliable witness.
Tom's first instinct was to run away.
Tom was as drunk as a skunk that last time I saw him.
Tom told Mary that he wouldn't be doing anything dangerous.
Tom thought that there was a good chance that it was Mary who had stolen the painting.
Tom had no idea that Mary was a serial killer.
Tom had decided at an early age that he wanted to become a botanist.
The police found Tom lying on the floor with a bullet hole in the middle of his forehead.
It was almost 2:30 when Tom finally got home.
There are people who translate and there are people who call each other names.
I explained the rules to her.
Who did you give the book to?
Who will you vote for for president?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver who John worked with?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver that worked with John?
Does Mary live next door to the bus driver that John worked with?
Who does the bell toll for?
Who discovered the island?
I don't buy that.
Who was this window broken by?
Who was this poem written by?
Who was this picture painted by?
Who did you talk to?
Who did you talk with?
Who did you speak with?
This is the man I've been waiting for.
You ran as fast as you could.
He's very nice, which is why I like working with him.
The Japanese government doesn't know how to handle the problem.
She couldn't have said that.
I used to play tennis after school.
My son is in high school now.
Can I stay at your house? I don't have a place to go.
I translated, I translate, I will translate, I would translate... but only if I make money.
I don't have secrets with you.
I give my blood for this job.
God, listen to me!
The mother kissed the child.
Don't talk about work, we're on vacation.
Tom can speak English like a native.
He works at this company from Monday to Sunday.
She works at this company from Monday to Sunday.
He moved to Italy when he was ten years old and he's lived there ever since.
Close the damn door!
Close the damned door!
Close the fucking door!
At what age did you have your first girlfriend?
How old were you when you had your first girlfriend?
How are you not sleeping?
I'm not a Nazi!
I think it's time I moved to a smaller apartment.
I'm going there now.
You can stay only if you are quiet.
A tuft of hair showed from underneath her cap.
Has anyone of you been to Hawaii?
I have good reason to ban him from using the computer.
They left very early in the morning.
You should not take advantage of others' weakness.
Nowadays, a woman who is an auto mechanic is "cool", while a man hairdresser is automatically titled as "gay" by many.
The woman precisely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
Do you go often?
If so, what should we do?
Why do I have to do it?
Did you hear that what's-his-face crashed his motorcycle?
Can you pass me that thingamajig?
Ah, crap. I dropped my doohickey into the sink.
I forgot my whatchamacallit in the taxi.
I can't remember where this little doodad goes.
She has a nice ass.
What do you call that contraption?
Some people describe Tom as a cross between Robin Hood and Zorro.
That new gizmo that you want is over at the store now.
This woman definitely knows that she doesn't know what she wants.
104-3820 is the number at which I can be reached.
I think I'd like to marry her.
Mr. Smith spoke so quickly that I couldn't understand what he was saying.
I can sing this song without looking at the lyrics.
Mr. Smith spoke so quickly that I couldn't catch what he said.
I'd like to kiss you.
Could I get one of those small damp towels for wiping my hands?
She lost her money, her family and her friends.
Don't blame the messenger.
He hired some new workers.
I learned German for three years in school and two years in university.
Libyan rebels have advanced into two strategic towns controlling access to the capital from the west and the south.
Can I touch your boobs?
You borrow books.
You borrow a book.
A poor workman blames his tools.
A cat may look at a king.
A coward dies a thousand times before his death. The valiant never taste of death but once.
A creaking door hangs longest.
A creaking gate hangs long.
Advice when most needed is least heeded.
A fox smells its own lair first.
A fox smells its own stink first.
People work to live, instead of living to work.
After dinner sit a while, after supper walk a mile.
A good man in an evil society seems the greatest villain of all.
A good surgeon has an eagle's eye, a lion's heart, and a lady's hand.
A guilty conscience needs no accuser.
He has great influence in his country.
A jack of all trades is master of none.
She drinks non-alcoholic beer almost every day because beer is her favorite drink, but she doesn't want to drink alcohol every day.
A lie can be halfway around the world before the truth gets its boots on.
A merry heart makes a long life.
A miss by an inch is a miss by a mile.
The little cat wants to sleep.
Is your gun loaded?
Tom thought it was a good idea to take advantage of the opportunity that Mary had given him.
Why did you decide to buy this house?
Tom checked to see if his gun was loaded.
We have to abide by the rules.
Tom checked to make sure his gun was loaded.
What's your schedule like today?
We always have to obey the rules.
The scenery at this mountain is very beautiful.
We always have to follow the rules.
Tom was trying hard not to laugh out loud.
One of us should talk to Tom.
Tom didn't want to spend any more time than necessary in Boston.
Just exactly what do you want me to do?
Just exactly what do you expect me to do?
What're you all dressed up for?
Why are you all dressed up?
I realized that I didn't want to spend any more time dealing with that problem.
I don't want to spend any more time than necessary cleaning the house.
I didn't want to spend any more time than necessary cooking for my family.
I didn't want to spend any more time working on that project.
I didn't want to spend any more time trying to convince Tom to study French.
I didn't want to spend any more time swimming laps.
I didn't want to spend any more time arguing with Tom.
I didn't want to spend any more time with Tom.
I didn't want to spend any more time looking for my keys.
I didn't want to spend any more time in jail.
I didn't want to spend any more time in Boston.
I didn't want to spend any more time in bed.
I didn't want to spend any more time cleaning the kitchen floor.
I didn't want to spend any more time alone.
I have absolutely nothing to do.
I think Tom and Mary are secretly married.
You get what you pay for.
I might be a few minutes late.
Stick it to the Man!
The Man is keeping me down.
Big Brother is watching you.
I spoke from the heart.
You were just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She doesn't have any enemies at all.
Land of liberty, land of the future, I salute you!
It snowed a lot.
We have a white cat.
I'm forty years old.
Are you just going to stand there like a lemon?
Great Britain has two military bases in Cyprus.
Variable names in C are case sensitive.
I think I'm really not any good at German.
I think my German isn't very good.
I can do that for her, unlike you.
I think my German is really bad.
She has 2,000 books.
Whether they are raw, or cooked and fried, tomatoes are always a tasty addition.
Fruit tends to rot right away.
I don't like the sun, I prefer the rain and dance under it.
I want to know where you are now.
Staying at home is boring.
She didn't want to drink alcoholic drinks every day. However, beer is her favorite drink, so she drinks non-alcoholic beer every day.
This rule can't be applied to every situation.
Meg is about the same height as Ken.
It's boring to stay at home.
On his way home, Tom met a man he thought was an American.
Tom is the one I want to meet.
It's Tom I want to meet.
That house with the red roof is Tom's house.
Tom asked his father if he could go to a movie.
Tom said he was sick, but that was a lie.
Tom was tired and in a bad mood.
Tom got married to an older woman.
Since Tom is an honest person, I like him.
Tom is an honest person, so I like him.
Since Tom is honest, I like him.
Tom is honest, so I like him.
Tom is an honest boy, so he wouldn't tell a lie.
Tom is an honest boy, so he doesn't lie.
Tom is an honest boy, so he doesn't tell lies.
Tom showed me around the park.
Tom would never break a promise.
Tom is a person who would never break a promise.
Tom was scolded by his boss getting to work late.
Tom was scolded by his boss for showing up late for work.
Tom got a little pie.
Tom got a little bit of pie.
Tom got some pie.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Tighter livestock control is leading to excesses: three cattle were shot in Kuopio because of missing EU eartags.
I don't fancy that idea.
Give up that idea.
He has queer ideas.
Can I take a picture here?
This cat is brown-colored.
I play trumpet in a symphonic wind orchestra.
I thought that book was difficult to read.
He has strange ideas.
Tom might have missed the train. He hasn't arrived yet.
It looks like Tom can't solve that problem.
Tom is the right boy for the job.
Tom can imitate that singer perfectly.
Tom wants that apple so much he can hardly stand it.
Tom is ten pounds heavier than Jack.
Tom bought a house with six rooms.
Most people are open books.
I wish I could become a bird.
That man ate bread.
Who do you plan to eat dinner with?
Who are you going to eat dinner with?
A dog bit her leg.
My uncle's job was teaching cooking.
Be careful what you wish for. You just might get it.
What I need to do now is get some sleep.
What you need to do next is fill out this application form.
What do I need to do now?
Would you like to stay for dinner?
I don't like this idea at all.
I guess we should go now.
I have no idea what I need to do now.
I don't want to shoot you, but I will if I have to.
Who will you give the book to?
A single incident can change your life.
It has been five years, I still remember it.
In the heart of the city, there is an institution having a golden history.
She belongs to the new generation of rock.
The man who is driving the bus is my best friend.
We used to have a cat, but one day it disappeared.
He always sings while having a shower.
What would you do if you won the lottery?
They never go out in the evenings with their children.
I tried to call you yesterday evening. Were you out?
We are working for the overall development of the state.
A lot of work has been done, more needs to be done.
It's clear that he doesn't want to talk to me.
My parents have gone out.
It's time to plan ahead.
The city is gaining popularity as a major tourist destination.
Though it's a complicated problem, but I shall try my best to solve it.
He was looking a bit nervous yesterday.
We should learn to be disciplined in our lives.
I want you to leave right now.
He dislocated his collarbone while playing.
My car collided wih a motorbike.
I have to pick him up from the station.
I saw him coming out of the hotel.
Now I realise why she was angry with me.
He might have been sleeping at that time.
What shall I do with the knife?
We are just about the same age.
Would you like to live in Mumbai?
I thought it was Monday today.
Don't worry, everyone makes mistakes.
I thought you were dead.
Well, it's getting late. Let's go now.
Do you think English is difficult?
He seems absorbed in his work.
You need to become more active.
It seems strange.
You need to become more aggressive.
The condition looks favourable.
Your bag looks heavy.
He died after a long illness.
I am looking for accommodation.
I am leaving for Paris tomorrow.
I have been asked about this.
Many will die.
A half-doctor kills you and a half-religious scholar kills your belief.
Islam emerged in the Arabian Peninsula in the seventh century.
That's a horse of a different color.
You must have dropped a bundle for that wedding ring!
If you're busy now, I can come back later.
It's not fair!
When do I get started?
You can count me out.
What happened belongs to the past.
I'd love to help you out, but I'm terribly busy.
I haven't seen you since high school.
Please sit here.
He always sings while taking a shower.
He always sings in the shower.
The man driving the bus is a good friend of mine.
I have to buy a new carpet for this room.
Jim isn't a lawyer, but a doctor.
Jim's not a lawyer. He's a doctor.
What an interesting book!
Suddenly, my mother started singing.
I'm a little bit hungry.
I'm slightly hungry.
I'm a bit hungry.
I'm a little hungry.
You'd better hurry.
This isn't money.
My friend's father is a famous novelist.
After a bit of googling, I suspect that what you said may not be true.
Tom sat in silence for 30 minutes.
Tom sat silently for 30 minutes.
Tom has a house with two rooms.
Tom owns a house with two rooms.
Tom has a two-room house.
Tom is sick in bed.
Tom noticed a drunk lying in the street.
My wife is trying to sleep.
Everyone but Tom was there.
Everybody but Tom was present.
Everyone except Tom was present.
With the exception of Tom, everyone attended.
In my opinion, a well-designed website shouldn't require horizontal scrolling.
My daughter had a concussion.
Have you ever been horseback riding?
May I take pictures here?
A good workman always takes care of his tools.
The house that Tom built is really nice.
The house Tom built is wonderful.
The peacock (Inachis io) is a beautiful and easily recognizable butterfly.
He is trustworthy.
He did it for money.
Fried food does not agree with me.
I am four years younger than him.
She was having a hard time swimming.
Fizzy water isn't very popular in America.
We have to go to sleep now.
One of the biggest problems in our modern society is that the people don't see the world as I do.
He could deduct the furnishing of his work room from his taxes.
I have two English books.
I've already been here two hours.
He was playing the piano and she was singing.
The furnishing of his work room was tax deductible.
He could write off his work room's furnishing from his taxes.
"Thanks." "You're welcome."
I stopped so I could smoke a cigarette.
Let's take a short rest here. My legs are tired and I can't walk any more.
I'll try my best today, too.
Today I just feel like staying at home and doing nothing.
Tom intends to live in Boston for more than a year.
Where are you going to vacation this summer?
He received a golden watch as a prize.
He's buying an old hat.
The Miller tried yet other ways to get rid of Johnny, but try as he might, Johnny couldn't be outsmarted.
I like living here.
Bill is a complete muppet.
In fact, I should thank you for this.
Albert Einstein said once: "Esperanto is the best solution for the idea of an international language".
I don't mind walking.
I get the feeling you're trying to tell me something.
It's about time for us to have another party.
It's about time somebody did something about the high cost of medical care.
It's about time somebody did something about this broken door.
It's essential that you understand the situation.
Have you decided whether or not you're going to sell your house?
Don't worry about it. It's not your problem.
I haven't been to Paris yet.
He's just arrived.
Promise me you'll be good.
Promise me you won't stay out all night.
That road is too narrow for a car to drive on.
It's not only Tom that has to study. I have to study, too.
Tom isn't the only one who has to study. I have to study as well.
Not only Tom has to study, but I have to study, too.
I didn't borrow money only from Tom, but also from his wife.
I not only borrowed money from Tom, but also from his wife.
What's the point of showing up on time if everyone else shows up late?
Let's eat now. I'm starving.
"How are you doing?" "I'm doing okay."
"How are you doing?" "Not bad."
I'm sorry I didn't get a chance to talk with you yesterday.
If there's anything we can do to help, please don't hesitate to let us know.
Winter is coming.
In the Quran there is a part about Saint Mary and the birth of Jesus Christ.
That guitar is too expensive for me to buy.
A cat is not a person.
I put cream in my coffee.
Winter is coming soon.
My mother doesn't like the summer heat.
Careful!
Don't bother Tom while he's reading.
Can you imagine Tom working in a garage?
Can you see Tom working in a garage?
I heard that Tom got married to a rich woman.
Tom, what do you want for supper?
It's totally dark outside.
Tom is better at chess than I am.
The chromosomes in our cells contain the whole of our genetic material.
It's dark outside.
It's pitch black outside.
Forty people attended.
Forty people were present.
We couldn't figure out what they were trying to say.
Chinese language works much better than English in this market.
How do the Vietnamese feel about Americans?
He has a superiority complex.
Today, I want to run on the beach.
He denied it immediately.
Summer begins early in my country.
She begged him to stay with her, but he left home as quickly as he could.
He always exaggerates his own abilities and others often believe him.
All of her songs became hits.
The man left the restaurant without paying his bill.
The man left the restaurant without paying.
The hungry boys ate everything on the table.
My cooking had almost burnt by the time I came to the kitchen.
Tom mounted his horse and rode off.
She didn't come here to defend herself against these accusations.
She's not here for the purpose of defending herself against these accusations.
I wonder who the people I saw her with were.
He likes taking walks.
He must like taking walks.
There's no doubt that he likes taking walks.
He's really into soccer.
These brain teasers are maddening. I can't figure out any of them!
The newspaper boy delivers newspapers no matter what the weather is like.
The tea is very tasty.
The house I'm living in isn't very large.
You're in Europe!
This tea is good.
We've got two Billy shelves from IKEA.
Supposedly, one in ten Europeans are conceived in an IKEA bed.
I can't imagine that.
Where is the school?
You can meet me somewhere sometime or something.
My professor sneers at science books for the general public.
The ship ran aground.
Let's take the Intercity-Express.
We have to rent a room to hold the party in.
We have to rent a room for our party.
We need to rent a room for our party.
How many eggs were you able to get yesterday?
Julian wears round glasses like John Lennon's.
We're moving house next month.
He isn't able to buy a car.
He can't buy a car.
Except for the weather, it was a fun picnic.
Except for the weather, it was a great picnic.
Why does it take them so long to set up my internet connection?
He kept himself aloof.
He wanted to see how the land lay.
He made as if he were going.
Your friend is a namby-pamby.
I'm pretty confident that she understood the problem, but I'm unsure whether she can solve it.
I'm going to the cinema.
That would be to defeat the object.
He kept pace with her.
He did not have any qualm of conscience.
He boiled over with rage.
He was given the sack.
To come down to brass tacks, you owe me something.
I undertake to do that.
He gave vent to his feelings.
He followed in her wake.
He worked hard, year in, year out.
I plan to go to the movies.
The most common first name in the world is Mohammed.
If you visit Tom now, he'll probably be watching TV.
This morning Tom said his sister was still sick in bed.
He convinced his daughter to not marry Tom.
He convinced his daughter not to marry Tom.
He talked his daughter out of marrying Tom.
She decided to marry Tom.
She decided to get married to Tom.
The courtier was enjoying great royal favor.
I plan to contact Tom by phone tomorrow and ask him to help us.
I plan to get a hold of Tom by phone tomorrow and ask him to help.
I plan to telephone Tom tomorrow and ask him to help.
I intend to phone Tom tomorrow and ask him to help.
I'm going to call Tom tomorrow and ask him to help.
My parents didn't allow me to see Tom again.
My parents prohibited me from seeing Tom again.
The cost of living in Tokyo is very high.
When are you in Munich?
She has never had a bad experience.
You can't be a woman.
I hope you enjoyed your last days in Berlin!
Are you back home now?
He was too curious.
Iridium is one of the rarest elements.
My laptop battery doesn't last as long as it used to.
The quick brown fox did not jump over the lazy dog.
The quick brown fox didn't jump over the lazy dog.
The quick brown fox may as well go fuck the lazy dog.
I was sitting while smoking a pipe.
The road is damaged.
Collective rules are not set straightaway but progressively win recognition.
Remember "Wacky Races"? Watch the US primary, it's its spitting image!
With the new project, I might have a very busy week.
Methinks he is not godly enough.
Knowledge feeds me.
Could you pass me the pepper, please?
I'll either write to you or phone you next week.
What's the square root of 100?
I have contacts in the White House.
Is there anything between you?
"Do you want a drink?" "No, thanks. I'm driving."
I love cats.
The pilot will land the plane.
At the time of the accident, almost all of the passengers on the bus were sleeping.
If he doesn't come, what will you do then?
If he doesn't come, what'll you do?
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
How difficult is it to find a job?
He definitely believes in you if he still gives you an opportunity.
Nobody can believe in you more than yourself.
What should a healthy breakfast consist of?
A sunny weekend is perfect for a mountain getaway.
His behaviour is sometimes weird.
Among the five of us, she, without a doubt, speaks the most languages.
We had a really good time.
Tom seems very happy.
I wish I had married her.
My brother is a teacher.
Why do you always do that to me?
The dog is bleeding.
It's only a matter of time before we find the thief.
It's the first time I've ever written a letter in Spanish.
A lot of people think Buenos Aires is located in Brazil.
I can touch the sky with you.
We know you're the thief.
She's from Somalia.
The French word "amour" comes from the Occitan language through the troubadours, otherwise it would be "ameur".
A female troubadour is usually called a trobairitz.
Let's quickly finish the remaining work and go out for some drinks.
Let's wrap up this work now and go out drinking.
What should I do to stop hiccups?
What should I do to stop hiccoughs?
Could you help me wash the dishes?
I was getting ready to go out. At that time, the telephone rang.
He entered the hall of fame.
Thank you for all your contributions. We expect to see you again soon.
They kicked him out of the disco without any explanation.
In my opinion, you're wrong.
She is about as tall as me.
There are usually taxis in front of the train station.
It's nine-thirty.
I found it!
If I had known, I would not have come.
The prime minister fell into the Danube and drowned.
I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.
Can you repair my shoes?
This dish is tasty.
Wild!
She went to the hospital by taxi.
He always reports all of the money.
She is what one would call a cultured woman.
I love to watch baseball and football.
There is a lot of work to do.
My brother is ambidextrous.
Remember Lockerbie!
Where do you spend your weekends?
His statements are childish and they often bother me.
I am used to going to bed very late.
You have to adapt to circumstances.
Don't try the patience of God!
Defeated revolutions are forgotten quickly.
Hold on firmly to the handrail.
They have nothing to eat.
Glorify the ocean, but stay on the ground.
He had an accident and fractured his leg.
May a hundred flowers bloom!
Revolutions that don't succeed are soon forgotten.
Don't try God's patience.
I'm used to staying up late.
As I'm not good at swimming, I avoid swimming out of my depth.
Many people prefer to cook with butter instead of oil.
Thank you for everything you've done for Canada.
I looked, but I didn't see anything.
Music is his passion.
Music is her passion.
Music is your passion.
I'm so tired that I'm going to bed as soon as I get home.
I'm drinking a beer right now.
This is my favorite track on the entire disc.
Why can't we all get along?
What kind of English is that?
I will be the cook tonight.
Men believe that discussing problems is a waste of time.
You killed my father.
Since I'm not so good at swimming, I avoid swimming in water that's over my head.
You seem busy.
The gold rush began here.
He doesn't have much money.
Could you say that again?
Only one store carries this book.
He cut the apple in half.
How fascinating!
A person like that would have no trouble getting elected president.
I realize I messed up.
For understandable reasons, they have been rejected.
A child is not a mature person.
You remind me of someone.
There's a draught in here.
Am I in your way?
Are you her pimp?
You killed my mother.
I can feel the scent of resedas.
We started to get on each other's nerves.
Creationism is bullshit.
Can we go to a different venue?
He enjoys a good social life.
His work is repetitive.
He has to deal with complaints.
He travels long distances by plane.
The foreigner speaks Japanese as if it were his native language.
I hate my mother-in-law.
My wife is Polish.
I know a person who speaks Russian very well.
He showed me his new car.
He has a black shirt.
I've put my mobile on silent.
As soon as she saw me, she burst out crying.
As soon as she saw me, she started to cry.
I don't understand your question.
If you were a spy trying to pass as a native speaker and said it that way, you'd likely get caught.
I awoke this morning feeling very ill.
Drum is the lord of music.
I have relatives in Los Angeles.
I have family in Los Angeles.
Hello Mr Magpie! How's your wife?
No smoke without fire.
He answers to the description in the newspaper.
You're a racist.
This is my mom.
Those who use the most idiomatic expressions are most often the ones who say the fewest original things.
He fits the description in the newspaper.
The sumptuous residence of a government official was pillaged.
In bad weather, one can easily catch a cold.
The suffix "um" doesn't have a definite meaning, and, for that reason, one must learn the (very few) words with "um" as simple words. For example: plenumi, kolumo, manumo.
He gave me money, but I gave it back to him immediately.
I don't give a toss that you are tired.
The police have been after him for a long time.
Blue movies are rated X, which means that only people of 18 and over can watch them.
Tom was always jealous of his younger brother because he knew Jack was their mother's blue-eyed boy.
The choice of place for holiday turned out to be a real bone of contention in their family this year.
He's such a cold fish.
You can never see any emotions on his face.
I think I am overworked.
I need a day off.
Without family and friends, it's a dog's life.
We're grateful for your help although it's just a a drop in the ocean of our needs.
I'm considering taking a gap year to develop myself and increase my self-confidence.
I want to get a little something for Ben and visit him in the hospital.
Michael is a man of few words, but when he speaks, people listen.
What Jack told me about you is a pack of lies. I don't believe him.
Climbing that mountain was a piece of cake.
There is a ray of hope for humanity afterall.
I like her, but sometimes her sharp tongue irritates me so much.
It was just a shot in the dark.
I don't know what the correct answer is.
Do you want also the bucket?
It was a real slap in the face when she didn't answer my phone calls.
Can't you move faster?
Hurry up, please!
Forget about your wives!
Go and get me some drinks, the shop is just a stone's throw from here.
This project turned out to be a tough nut to crack.
It's a vicious circle.
He thinks he is a failure so he drinks.
He has friends from many different walks of life.
Speaking in public is my Achilles heel; I'm simply too shy.
She loves books too.
I hope karma bites you in the ass!
I just love to read the agony column in teenage magazines.
Their problems are sometimes so weird.
Most of the hotels are open all year round.
The weather was terrible when we arrived in France, but after two days it changed completely and we had a wonderful holiday.
My father is an early bird; he gets up at 5:30 every day.
As a matter of fact, I love him very much.
I had better take my Walkman.
Although I came back late from the party last night, I was as fresh as a daisy in the morning.
I was as sick as a dog after eating a hamburger from a fast food restaurant yesterday.
We must win at all costs.
My poor grandmother is very ill now and I'm afraid she's at death's door.
At first sight he seems to be a very competent person.
The burglar didn't have any plan - he just entered the shop and grabbed things at random.
I'm so sorry I ask you for help at such short notice, but I didn't realize this project would be so demanding.
We have to set off at the crack of dawn tomorrow.
I think everyone gets a bit lonely at times.
With her stories from her childhood, she can be a real wet blanket.
There is no doubt he is to win this race - he is at his best now!
Don't worry about that - that rule is no longer in force in our office.
The leaves are yellow!
I am still in two minds about buying this car.
It's second-hand.
That party was a disaster!
You are on the air!
They are extremely popular among teenagers.
I am sorry, but this telephone is out of order.
They dream of the day when they'll be rolling in money.
I think Mark's under the illusion that he will be the new director.
I really like this book but I guess it is worlds apart from what the real situation is.
Stop beating about the bush and tell me what the problem is!
She took my bicycle before my eyes; she didn't even ask me for it!
I only asked if I could borrow the book.
There's no need to bite my head off!
Sheila is so desperate in her search for a husband - she's decided to have a blind date!
The movie was so funny that finally even Susan burst out laughing.
By all means this guy should work for us - he is the best specialist I have ever seen!
These pictures are being shown by courtesy of CNN.
My mother works as an English teacher, but she's an economist by profession.
Why don't we call it a day and go home?
I simply need to chew it over.
I can't give you the answer today.
I wanted to ask Mary out but I chickened out at the last moment.
He gets on my nerves!
Never throw away your notes - they may come in handy one day.
If you understand this one, then the others are nearly the same.
I want you to sing.
I've met that girl before.
He doesn't like to wait until the last moment to do something.
Come and visit us in Paris sometime soon.
He can compress the most words into the smallest ideas of any man I ever met.
I completely trust your abilities.
Where are the apples?
He's fit for the loony bin.
What a cock-up!
Please show me on the map.
I look up to my family.
I wish there were more people like you.
Birds and beasts like tragic sounds, their ears are identical with the human ones.
I wish my dreams would come true one day.
It doesn't bother me that Tom is going to be there with his new girlfriend.
I will be at the party tonight come what may.
I don't feel sorry for her.
They're only crocodile tears.
We cannot afford it.
Be realistic!
Don't ask her any questions about her marriage.
Remember, curiosity killed the cat.
He's been working all day and night; he must be dog tired.
I know it's easier said than done but in my opinion you should challenge it.
Well, every cloud has a silver lining.
It's high time we made a decision!
We need peace and stability first and foremost - these are the most important things.
She always seemed rather serious so it was nice to see her laugh for a change.
They put salt in his tea just for a laugh but he didn't find it funny.
I'm not going to ask Tom that question.
Jane has gone to France for good.
She's not coming back.
I always read detective stories from cover to cover; they're so exciting!
The dog was covered in mud from head to foot.
I learned Spanish from scratch at university.
I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for all your help.
Come on, get a move on!
I don't want to be late.
I can't stand your behaviour any more.
Turn that music down!
It's getting on my nerves.
Could you just get straight to the point?
Tom left Mary and John alone together.
Mike's not very talkative, but to give him his due, you can always count on him.
I'll give you a ring in the evening.
There must be some sort of give-and-take.
This program was very popular so the information that it went off the air caused a wave of protest.
Power and success went to his head - he no longer comes to our parties.
I can't bear to see good food going to waste.
The most famous gold rush was the California Gold Rush that began in 1848.
This tea is too bitter.
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?
I would really like to help you, but my hands are tied.
Hands off those chocolates!
They are mine!
I can't stand her any longer!
She has to have a finger in every pie!
He had a narrow escape when he slipped on the stairs.
Jerry doesn't bother about other people and only has an eye on the main chance.
It wasn't my fault.
You know this old lady that lives on second floor?
Do you know this song?
I've had it on my brain all day.
Even monkeys fall from trees.
If you want high quality you have to pay for it.
She heaved a sigh of relief when she heard the good news.
Let's play hide-and-seek!
We've searched high and low for this book.
Now I know I should have stayed in that job, but hindsight is always 20-20 - I couldn't have known it when I was leaving.
Nothing to add!
You get tired of a beautiful woman after three days. You get used to an ugly woman after three days.
Many politicians are believed to accept hush money.
That guy's name is Ben - if my memory serves me correctly.
I don't really like him, in a nutshell, I think he is an idiot.
It was very cold and it snowed for three days in a row.
She wasn't able to explain this situation to me.
In a word, she is guilty.
This agreement is invalid, unless you bring it in black and white.
If you buy in bulk, it's 20% cheaper.
He killed the girl in cold blood just to get the money.
He isn't very persevering; he only works in fits and starts.
The information is provided in good faith, however we accept no responsibility for the accuracy of the information.
Tom didn't take the map with him, so after several hours of going in circles we ended up in the middle of nowhere.
Oh, I can't put on my red skirt because it's in the wash.
His plans always sound great in theory but they don't work in practice.
How can you say that our soldiers died in vain?
Amy, you should marry him!
It goes without saying.
Who was to win this match was a foregone conclusion.
This movie is a must!
If you really want to speak to me, it's now or never.
We still have plenty of time, but let's take a taxi just in case.
Toby can't tell jokes.
Can you understand the meaning of this paragraph?
Can you understand the meaning of this sentence?
What does this sentence mean?
He's a newcomer.
You have very piercing eyes.
It was pitch-black.
You're off your trolley!
Does this make any sense?
Does this make sense?
Does this sentence make sense?
Does what Tom said make sense?
Does this sentence sound like something a native speaker would say?
How would you reword this sentence to make it sound more natural?
It's a matter of either or.
My bags are packed.
It's not an either-or situation.
It's not an either/or matter.
My heart is green and yellow.
Where's the nearest bus stop?
Where's the closest bus stop?
Tom said, "You can kiss your girlfriend goodbye if you don't kiss her goodbye," which meant, "If you don't kiss your girlfriend goodbye, then you'll never see her again."
I haven't heard anything from him since then. I wonder what he's up to.
I haven't heard anything from him since then. I wonder what in the world he's doing.
I ironed the handkerchief.
It's only when I can't sleep at night that the ticking of the clock bothers me.
Where do I get on the number 7 bus?
Where can I catch the number 7 bus?
I sleep naked.
I'm a shutterbug.
No U-turn!
Even though there was a no U-turn sign, I made a U-turn.
I was lucky that the policeman didn't give me a ticket for making a U-turn at an intersection that had a no U-turn sign.
He stood leaning against the fence.
Tom didn't use to drink so much.
His family adored him and in a sense he was spoiled by them.
It seems like the cat smelled a mouse.
It seems like the cat caught the scent of a mouse.
If the phone rings again, I plan to ignore it.
Are you being serious?
Someone is knocking on the door.
I haven't decided yet whether I'll go to college or get a job.
My plan covers unlimited calls to landlines, but not mobiles.
The Japanese are fortunate to live on islands with hot springs.
We'd like you to sing a song.
We'd like you to sing some songs.
St. Mary is the symbol of chastity and innocence in Islam.
The hurricane has already caused havoc in the Caribbean.
A Transitional Council official told the press that he expects oil production to reach 1.6 million barrels per day within a year.
Perhaps we will see each other again tonight.
Who left this mess in the toilet?
Since it's raining, it would be better it you stayed at home.
It's raining, so you should stay at home.
There's hardly any coffee left in the pot.
There's almost no coffee left in the pot.
Why didn't you call me last night?
All Tom wants to do is swim.
All Tom has to do tomorrow is go to school.
Philology and medicine were named by Nietzsche to be "the two great opponents of all superstition".
"Someone farted." "It wasn't me!"
There's a bat on the ceiling in my office!
I have the best mom in the world!
The top menu of your web browser or application may read: "File, Edit, View, Favorites, History, Bookmarks, Tools, Help."
As long as you're talking to me, it's fine, but as soon as you stop, I get hungry.
Muiriel's mind is in the gutter.
Do you know him that much?
Here, everybody feels respected and appreciated.
Even the court enjoys an occasional roll in the gutter.
I haven't washed my hair.
The American news is reporting that Hurricane Irene is as big as Europe, which is a bit of an exaggeration.
She just had to use her Puss-In-Boots look and I was her devoted servant.
I feel abandoned by the only woman I love.
This sure tastes good!
I like the way this tastes.
This tastes good.
This tastes pretty good to me.
I think this tastes good.
I think this is delicious.
How would you feel if your wife left you?
My father has never gotten sick in his life.
Is death the only way out?
Do you know Tom well?
How well do you know Tom?
I'm not quite sure.
Jupiter is a planet principally composed of hydrogen and helium.
My father has never been sick in his life.
Are you awake?
We have left nothing out of our book.
I think it's strange that no one is on the street this time of the day.
While I'm at the dance, my mother will take care of the baby.
She was beautiful when she was young.
I started a new blog. I'll do my best to keep it going.
I started a new blog. I'll do my best not to be one of those people who blogs a lot right at the start and then quits blogging.
You should read the kind of books that will be useful to you later in life.
You should read the kind of books that contain the kind of information that will be useful to you later in life.
"Who sees variety and not the unity wanders on from death to death", state the Upanishads.
He made reference to the previous director.
Shove off! I'm busy!
This song makes me think of when I was young.
I often have bad dreams.
Please turn in the report by the end of the month.
What time does the train for Milan leave?
Cyber activists want to meet with the Supreme Leader.
UK is the abbreviation for the United Kingdom.
J. J. Thomson was an English scientist.
I seek my own truth.
Before you die you see the ring!
Goodnight!
She is HIV-infected.
It could possibly become a big problem.
Do you speak Latin?
Every liberation bears within itself the danger of a new kind of servitude.
May I ask you a favour?
He talks like he'd already read the book.
I made tea last night.
That way I'll have time to talk to you afterwards.
He encountered unexpected obstacles.
The troubles of others are our own.
It will be fine.
With this telescope, you can see stars and you can see dreams.
He finds this kind of opinion unpleasant.
Oh! Today is my day.
Go on!
I have never heard her song.
I'm sure she will become a great singer.
I informed her of his arrival.
Old people in supermarkets piss me off.
News of her death caused great concern throughout the country.
The Lisbon treaty envisions a citizens' initiative.
Public transport is only quicker than private transport in urban areas.
The political centre has increasingly lost direction.
Today, everything went awry from the start.
If I hadn't seen the way they kissed, I'd have thought they couldn't stand each other.
Strength through unity.
United we stand.
What do you want from me? Are you out to get me or what?
I'll be back by six.
His voice brings to mind the sound of the motorway.
Her voice evokes the noise of the freeway.
How dare you speak of love, you who never knew Lola?
Good things for your children are better than good things for yourself.
I didn't say it like that.
Could you give me a ball-park figure?
Failure is the mother of success.
Two opinions are better than one.
I like elephant ears best.
I'm at the library.
I find funnel cake a bit too sweet.
Bring your student ID!
This looks kind of cute.
If he wins he will gain self-confidence.
Why does everybody love cats?
What is wrong with you people?
How could this be?
Believe it or not.
Nothing is more paralyzing than the fear of changes.
I agree with his idea.
Does globalisation mean the disappearance of local sluts?
The size of the universe is unimaginable.
Yesterday I washed my hair. Today I'll cut it.
Like it or not, you must do it.
Do you want dry cleaning or regular wash?
Tom has never dated a girl whose name ends with an "s."
This is how time is all wasted.
My name is Sascha.
She has a ring worth more than she can imagine.
I can't agree with you.
Tremble, you sentences!
In addition to Chinese, my aunt can speak English.
My aunt can speak both Chinese and English.
She advised him not to go out by himself at night.
I don't have a lot of money.
I don't have a lot of money on me.
I don't have a lot of money, but I get along somehow.
The only thing that the teacher was really caring about was his students.
The only thing that matters is to find a cheap car.
Bringing a cup of tea is the only thing I can do.
The only thing that matters isn't size.
The only thing that matters is that you are alive.
The only thing that matters is what you do today, yesterday is gone.
The only thing that matters is that you are safe.
The only thing that matters is that you weren't injured.
The only thing that matters is that we are all together.
The only thing that matters to Tom is how much money he makes.
The only thing that matters is whether or not you can do the job.
The only thing that matters is whether or not your teacher thinks your report is good enough.
The only thing that really matters is whether or not you are happy.
The only thing that really matters is whether or not you did your best.
Money isn't the only thing that matters.
Winning isn't the only thing that matters.
Love isn't the only thing that matters.
If the only thing that mattered was winning, then we'd be depressed.
The only thing that mattered to Tom was that we weren't impolite to his boss.
Does the mid-autumn festival fall on Monday this year?
Is this a Jewish or a Catholic Bible?
The Catholic Bible contains everything in the Protestant Bible plus several other books.
Is it correct to say that the Qur'an is the bible of the Muslims?
He read the entire Old Testament in one year.
I need medical assistance.
The Tanakh is the Jewish Bible.
Wild animals live in forests.
We are going to his house. Want to come with?
I'm waiting for my friend.
"We are in the middle of a war", said the President.
Do you suppose that he is attractive?
I can't speak Japanese.
I want to go on a holiday in Poland.
This site is quite useful.
Many Peruvians have the habit of chewing coca leaves.
That's a table.
She came to Japan as a child.
We need a clear definition for the concept of human rights.
Look at me when I talk to you, you coward!
I am a good boy.
Light blue is the color of the sky and, consequently, is also the color of the sea, lakes, and rivers.
Around nine o'clock I'll be on my way back again.
I'm in the rear car.
I'm in the caboose.
He was unsure how he would get there, and when.
It's thanks to his father that he owns this hotel.
I find myself in the last car.
My boots were so tight, and the path so steep, that I injured the toenails of both of my big toes.
He often adopts the behaviours and speech patterns that characterise the advantaged.
He often adopts the behaviors and speech patterns that characterize the advantaged.
I've been an alderman for five years.
Germany is in the middle of Europe.
I hit the snooze button and went back to sleep.
There was no answer to my question.
People used to live in villages.
They always wake up early, even on Sundays.
May I dance with you?
I'd like a pop.
I'd like a soda.
Who will foot the bill?
Our wheelie bin was stolen.
You've missed the boat.
We've missed the boat.
He's missed the boat.
She's missed the boat.
They've missed the boat.
Have you decided where we are having lunch?
I don't know where I should go.
Can you explain why you dislike him?
Adana is famous for its kebab and Hatay for its kanafeh.
Life is an illusion.
Don't talk to me anymore.
We've flattered the director's vanity.
Driving in the dark feels like flying!
Whenever I go to this store, they're selling freshly baked taiyaki cakes.
When he whispered something into her ear, she moved just as he said, as if she had been hypnotized.
Eat your soup before it gets cold.
Don't leave the TV on.
Everybody except Joe went to the party.
I have no appetite.
I have almost no appetite.
Is the mid-autumn festival on Monday this year?
Take the medicine.
This is the next one!
In Hong Kong there are two types of liquid food which are considered absolutely vital: Cantonese soup and congee. It is curious to note that however "thick and ingredient-filled" the soup is, it's always drunk and however "thin" the congee is, it's always eaten.
I have congee every morning.
In order to unveil the international language, each lexical item should be written separately.
Do not walk outside this area.
Don't make abrupt moves.
They say I'm retarded.
Once upon a time there was a chicken that had a crispbread.
Suffice to say, Edna gets no work done.
My liver is heavily damaged.
Nothing acts as a better antidote for romance than young men and women doing geometry together at eight o'clock every morning.
The man must work.
Man must work.
I've never seen anything like it.
Tom wondered how his ex-wife and her new husband were getting along.
Have you already eaten supper?
Have you eaten supper yet?
Daniel Gabriel Fahrenheit was born in 1686 in Danzig.
I don't get what the author means there.
In spite of the rain, this trip very much pleased me, on the whole.
Don't misunderestimate yourself.
I'll take a cup of tea.
I think we need a doggy bag.
We ordered too much food.
He stuck his head round the door.
Results from the Large Hadron Collider mean that supersymmetry theorists may have to come up with a new theory of sub-atomic physics.
Language builds the world.
There are rules to observe.
Can we catch the train?
Our train is delayed.
Dative spells the death of the genitive.
Her plan seems to be better than mine.
Following the docking failure of an unmanned Russian freighter to the International Space Station, its partners are considering a temporary mothballing of the station.
Dinosaurs became extinct a very long time ago.
Dinosaurs died out a very long time ago.
The friends of truth are those who seek it, not those who boast about having found it.
But what is it that I am? A thing that thinks. But what is a thing that thinks?
Love and flowers only last a single spring.
You can eat all you want.
When is the paper due?
I want to hold you.
Never believe him, he's a liar.
Have you ever loved someone who never loved you back?
What is the subjunctive of the verb "to be"?
According to a review of previous research, high levels of chocolate consumption can reduce the risk of coronary heart disease and stroke.
I'm beautiful in my way because God makes no mistakes.
This house is not very big.
Welcome to the Wild West.
I belong to those guys who find it enjoyable to be out of fashion.
Adopting a low calorie diet will increase your lifespan.
Around 29% of Okinawans live to be a 100.
We live in an obesigenic society.
Okinawans went from having the most healthy diet in Japan to the most unhealthy one.
Eating fast food is bad for your health.
Once upon a time, there was a cat whose name was Tango.
He was completely black and was therefore called Tango the Black Cat.
Tango lived with a small boy in a small village.
One day the small boy moved to another village with his family and brought Tango along with him.
Tango and the small boy were the only friend to each other because they knew no one else in the village.
The small boy slowly made some new friends.
Tango was however always bullied by other neighbors' cats and came home covered with wounds.
The small boy was Tango's only friend.
No one wanted to play with Tango except the little boy.
No one wanted to play with Tango except the little boy because Tango stinks.
We are out of danger.
Looking at that graphic, one can tell extremely easily that we are following an exponential growth.
We almost froze to death.
We came dangerously close to freezing to death.
How is your last name written?
Tom went out for a breath of fresh air.
Tom went out for some fresh air.
If you'd prefer a room closer to the Convention Center, please contact us.
If you'd prefer a room closer to the Convention Center, please let us know.
In past, Iranians lived on naan bread, but nowadays basic Iranian's food gets rice.
Tom put his arm around Mary.
Tom put his pistol under his pillow.
Tom put the engagement ring on Mary's finger.
Tom put another log on the fire.
Tom puts salt on just about everything he eats.
A frog in a well doesn't know the ocean.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that he'd met Mary somewhere before.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that Mary was hiding something from him.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching him.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that something bad was going to happen.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that something horrible was about to happen.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that something profound was about to happen.
Tom couldn't shake the feeling that there was something wrong.
Last night, he asked if you were well.
It's very difficult to know yourself.
Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.
The city of Bonn just invented the "hookermeter", to tax prostitutes who cruise its sidewalks, and I just invented the word for that.
He lives according to the law of the Lord.
Call Ishmael.
Ishmael, come over here!
Really smart, that Sphinx!
Nati and I were watering the flowers, then she decided to water me!
Some men shave their legs.
Wine is the software of a meal. Meats and vegetables are but its hardware.
I'm too tired to drive.
I did my best.
Butterfly is a very nice word.
The sky is cloudy and it will rain.
His speech moved us.
May I put it here?
We should always obey laws.
Tom has money. However, he's not all that happy.
Would you lend me a pencil?
Could I borrow a pencil?
I easily found his office.
I had no trouble finding his office.
Many people in England would like to see the public subsidy of the monarchy abolished.
Please don't let the children play with knives.
Please don't allow the children to play with knives.
I'm addicted to chocolate and ice cream.
Sea turtles have a long lifespan.
Drunk driving is a serious problem.
Beaches in Hawaii are famous for their large waves.
I came here to see if there was something I could do to help, but there doesn't seem to be anything for me to do.
I wouldn't be too surprised if you saw a snake.
I wouldn't be too surprised if this song became a hit.
I wouldn't be too surprised if Tom didn't show up on time.
I wouldn't be too surprised if Tom didn't get a good TOEFL score.
For a moment, Tom was too surprised to speak.
Tom was too surprised to be scared.
Tom was too surprised to react.
I don't mind if it's a little cold.
I don't care if it's a bit cold.
I don't mind if it gets a little cold.
I don't mind the cold.
I don't mind the heat.
It doesn't bother me to walk in the rain.
I made this gratin using yesterday's leftovers. It tastes pretty good, doesn't it?
Tom showed Mary how to pop popcorn.
Tom likes the smell of popcorn popping.
Tom and Mary ate popcorn while watching the movie.
Tom grabbed a handful of popcorn out of the bag and then handed it to Mary.
Would you like some popcorn?
Tom likes popcorn with lots of butter.
It's probably healthier to eat popcorn than it is to eat potato chips.
After Tom had eaten all the popcorn in the bowl, he went back into the kitchen to pop some more.
This popcorn tastes stale. I wonder when it was popped.
Tom put the popcorn into the pan and waited for it to pop.
Tom wondered what made popcorn pop.
I half expected Tom to bring his own popcorn to the movie theater.
Tom tasted the popcorn and decided it wasn't salty enough, so he sprinkled on some more salt.
Would you like some more salt on your popcorn?
Have you ever eaten chocolate-covered popcorn?
Tom shared his bucket of popcorn with Mary.
Popcorn is very inexpensive when compared to many other snack foods. It's also usually healthier.
The invitation said that popcorn and soft drinks would be served.
What brand of popcorn do you think pops the best?
Tom thought it would be a good idea to start a website that sold nothing but popcorn.
Tom's partner thought that they should also sell gourmet popcorn seasonings.
The injaculation method allegedly enables men to have multiple orgasms.
The meaning of this letter is unclear.
My parents are aged.
I do not want to work.
It would be a pity if such a word disappeared.
The man has the capability to talk.
Can we trust his words if he uses non-official stems?
If you want to be credible, tell people only what they believe.
Even the correct use of participles doesn't guarantee you that you'll be understood.
If you tell people what they want to hear, they'll do what you want.
I borrowed Tom's phone this morning.
This is Edward.
I popped her cherry.
Why not love one's own wife? We even love others'.
It's somehow warm.
Tom knew well that in all the sentences, the last word would always be for Mary.
Tom was fucking Mary while translating this sentence on his Android device.
Mrs. Wood was very good at cooking.
I don't mind if it's hot.
He thinks that his success is due to luck.
Lightning hit that tower.
I don't mind if it's hot and spicy.
I don't mind if the weather is hot.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
I'll soon register for a course in German.
Let's face the reality!
Tom, stranded alone at the beginning of sentences, couldn't get used to the growing estrangement of Mary.
Tom, alone, bent over the left edge of the sentence, was hesitating to jump, to put an end to all this story.
By dint of pushing the words back to the beginning of the sentence, there only remained the two of them at the end: Mary, Tom.
"Tom! Do you realise that these sentences are very self-centred: They always either begin with or end with you! Even both!" she reproached Tom.
I'd like to finish the work on my own.
Tom, desperate, howled: "Mary! Where are you?" from the very left edge of the sentence. "I fear I'm from now on, fully at the opposite from you" drily retorted Mary.
Tom was quibbling about the sentences concerning him, while Mary was doing her best to translate them.
Money rules the world.
What is better than sentences to get acquainted?
"How dare you exile me at the end of this sentence?" asked Tom.
Mary, having exiled Tom, was promoted to the beginning of each sentence.
The world without anime would be like a washing machine without Internet-access.
You see the words that I typed on the screen, but you don't see the tears that I shed over the keyboard.
Tom is utterly obsessed with food. No wonder Mary dumped him!
He can't help you.
Tom was wondering what it was that dragged her so, towards the end of all sentences and thought: "Come to me, Mary!"
You learn English.
Frustrated of not being the exclusive object of her desires anymore, Tom relegated Mary.
Mary told Tom: "Let's begin with a short sentence, and then we'll see..."
It was through a first short sentence that Tom got acquainted to Mary.
Far from being but the object of their ambiguous relation, Mary was the subject of all Tom's attention.
Bert's bisexuality was troubling Tom and excited Mary.
Tom was initially surprised when Mary introduced Bert in their couple relationship.
With the Android version of Tatoeba, we'll be able to translate Flaubert while making love, opening the path to so far unexplored levels of pleasure.
I don't think he can help you.
This idiot of Tom should have guessed that the last word in this sentence would of course be for Mary.
It wasn't Tom's or Mary's first sentence.
Apart from making love and reading Flaubert, nothing is more enjoyable than coining translations on Tatoeba.
Gin is not my friend.
It's not my fault that I hate them all.
You gonna see me change.
It rained gently the whole day.
"Tom!" "Mary?" "Is it possible that we'll ever be closer than in this sentence?"
Tom had just one word to cut so that out of this sentence, forever, disappeared our Mary.
Tired of being the subject of the accusations from Tom, Mary fled to France, whose language has no accusative case.
Our two heroes having deserted this sentence, their adventures seemed to be willing to end precisely with this word.
Tom, this lumber, sat at one end of this sentence, while, too light to counterbalance him, on the other side, sat Mary.
Tom and Mary then found themselves side by side at the start of this sentence and undertook to explore it.
Having reached the end of this first sentence, in which the voodoo priestess had summoned them, they saw others and wondered how they could get to them together, inseparable Tom and Mary.
Fate smiled upon me.
In order to cross from one sentence to the other, Tom was stretching out his arm. Mary clung firmly onto it and jumped over the dot, avoiding to fall into the space.
Esperanto is the most self-centered language in the world.
Even though he is 38, he still depends on his parents.
Even though she is 38, she still depends on her parents.
No language produces more sentences on Tatoeba containing the name of the own language than Esperanto.
Someone is definitely lying.
Someone is definitely telling a lie.
This is not something that anyone can do.
Luck plays an important part in life.
He thought of a great idea.
Many people in the world complain that they don't have time to read.
Despite 100 years of missionary effort the number of native Esperanto speakers is still low enough to be able to know each of them by name.
Bye, Sayoko!
Leave that there.
We are in need of some food.
He bought him a dog.
I think that he wants to succeed.
I don't have anything to say.
Chew your food thoroughly, then swallow.
Because of my job, I will be in Tokyo next week.
John can't speak French very well.
What happened? There's water in the whole apartment.
If you don't have anything to say, say nothing.
If you don't have anything to say, don't say anything.
"Are you ready?" "On the contrary, I have not even started yet."
They did not notice the small differences.
Can you recognise the person in this picture?
Do you recognise the person in this picture?
The girl speaks English very well.
Hungry puppy barks on the street.
Tom and Mary were on the verge of diving, off the left edge of the sentence, in the infinite corpus, when they spotted underneath a shoal of hungry contributors, teeth out, ready to jump on them and shred their mistakes down to the last one.
I don't like that he comes to my house so often.
A small snowball is capable of starting an avalanche.
When you come across unknown words, you have to look them up in the dictionary.
Here's a gold coin.
He sat next to me.
Precision in measurement is necessary.
Precision in measurement is important.
He had the courage to say it.
He was brave enough to say it.
My mother was crying.
I have no plans at all.
I have told him clearly that I'm not going shopping with him.
How do you write "pretty"?
"Have we met somewhere before?" asked the student.
What do you think, is he going to do it?
What do you think, is she going to do it?
Nothing is new under the sun.
The mountaineer was hungry as a wolf.
The mountaineer was as hungry as a wolf.
He took a deep breath before entering his boss's office.
Is it your fault or ours?
I have lived here for years.
I have been living here for years.
The lady did not give in to temptation.
This is the boy that helped me.
The mother was very scared because of the baby's cold.
It seems to me that you are honest.
The rule only applies to foreigners.
He found his master.
I drank too much wine, and became dizzy.
Good day! You are our new neighbor, if I am not mistaken?
Please print even pages only.
I would rather stay at home than go alone.
Nothing is as useful as a photocopier.
He introduced his fiancee.
You are sending me a Japanese doll, right?
The music has been mastered so loud for that album, that even non-audiophiles have complained about it.
Easterly wind blows.
I will call my grandmother to see whether or not she needs anything.
I will look after this child.
I killed two birds with one stone.
Please, give me your address.
He is always scared.
She is always scared.
I lent him a book, but he has not yet given it back.
I lent him a book, but he has not given it back yet.
I missed you so much!
I missed you!
The dentist would like you not to eat any sweets.
The dentist does not want you to eat any sweets.
Are you done with your homework yet?
Have you done your homework yet?
There were all sorts of rumors circulating about him.
The author has a good style.
Are you going to school by bus?
How many guests did you invite?
She will be the first female Japanese astronaut.
Lightning struck his house.
I crossed the street.
I think, keeping promises is important.
Allow me to go with you.
Only build a house on strong foundations.
Come, write your name down.
No one thinks, but everyone has their opinions.
Existence is reflected in knowledge.
The family members sat around the table.
We pray to God when there is a crisis - then forget God when it is over.
She poured her heart out.
One day, when the girl was at the spring, a poor lady approached her and asked her for a drink.
Please, be a bit more careful in the future.
It does not matter how you say it, I am not going to pay attention to you.
He is similar to your brother.
As long as you have lots of money, you have lots of friends.
That person asked me who I was, but I did not deem it necessary to answer him.
The cat ate the mouse.
The judge sentenced him to one year in prison.
The judge sentenced him to a year in prison.
Don't forget to close the door.
The youngsters were singing folk songs.
I gave the beggar all the money I had on me.
A child who has lost both his parents is called an orphan.
He is everything but a gentleman.
I have an older brother who lives in Kyoto.
This makes me curious.
I have not forgotten.
We have to make the most of the opportunity.
At last, we arrived in California.
You put me in a strange situation.
A is enough, but B is not enough.
My behaviour was very strange.
It's hard to believe that it has been clear and sunny until now.
She asked me to wake her up at six.
I was just taking a shower.
In Japan, there are lots of hot springs.
In Japan, there are many hot springs.
Excuse me, is this seat free?
He is exactly like his father.
Isn't there a pharmacy nearby?
Is there a pharmacy nearby?
Muiriel is twenty years old.
The thief admitted his crime.
He spoke with great enthusiasm of the theatrical performance.
There are more clouds today than there were yesterday.
A cat was on the table.
The article had three columns.
She gets herself worked up over every little thing.
He was absent from class.
He does not like carrots, so he did not eat it.
You have to help your mother.
There are many flowers in the garden.
Approximately two weeks.
Owls hunt at night.
How long are you staying in our country for?
They stayed with me in the room all night.
In the afternoon, I walked in the city.
I will introduce my father.
I'm coming back.
Not all birds build nests.
When you were two years old, you could count to ten.
Damn.
Love knows no limits.
I am young.
My home is big.
In the middle of the city, there is a fountain.
Would you put those bags in the car?
Everyone believes something different, but there is only one truth.
How do you explain this?
God tries those he loves.
The hunter shot a fox.
He almost jumped out of his skin.
The human body is only made up of tiny cells.
Yes, I came from Sapporo.
Let the children play.
We had a quick lunch at a cafe.
It was a pitch black night.
The whole village knows the man well.
The man is well-known in the whole village.
I would like some white bread.
Cockfighting is illegal in many countries.
Bob often jogs on that beach.
I had a Segway accident last week.
The singer was killed by wild coyotes.
Vito is a bicycle thief.
The deputy mayor of Delhi was indirectly killed by rhesus monkeys.
Which are the best ones?
Old is gold.
There's a cure for everything, except death.
They killed a goat as a sacrifice to the gods.
They say this town is full of cozenage.
The chariest maid is prodigal enough if she unmask her beauty to the moon.
To be, or not to be: that is the question.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods ; they kill us for their sport.
Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage, and then is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Give me my sword.
Is this a dagger which I see before me, the handle toward my hand?
Sophia Loren's real name is Sofia Scicolone.
Today the sea was warm!
If it looks like an apple and it tastes like an apple, it's probably an apple.
Tom was sitting on a bench eating something that looked like an apple.
The pears we eat in Japan look almost like apples.
There is no rose without thorns.
He tied the small branches into a bundle.
She is teaching us French.
The lady is teaching us French.
They are Russian.
He lives in Yokohama.
His life is hanging by a thread.
You have to study harder.
New plants grow in the garden in spring.
This is because you do not want to be alone.
Your uncle let you drive his car?
He has a headache.
They took turns on duty.
Whoever the book's author might be, he must be a great writer.
It's all just a misunderstanding.
Mozart passed away 200 years ago.
Grandpa bought this for me.
This text is hard to read.
He still has not written the letter.
How can you not know?
Whatever we do, we must be careful.
Maybe he's jogging around the park.
You have to stop drinking.
My father isn't at home.
If you look at the song's lyrics, they really don't mean much.
Piss off!
The hunters aimed their rifles at the elephant.
We met under a lonely tree.
My wife is a good cook.
My wife cooks well.
The storm caused much damage to the crop.
The storm caused a lot of damage to the crop.
What are you planning for the long weekend?
You must know that I snore.
Here's your bag.
I had a very good time tonight.
The stars shone in the sky.
His breath ticked my hair.
"What's happening in the cave? I'm curious." "I have no idea."
So much has happened, that it's as if the world turned upside down.
This fact was not known until now.
The room filled with laughter.
I would like that.
This table's surface is smooth.
He is sorry that he caused you trouble.
I saw a child called Tonio Evans.
The lawn needs to be watered.
What in the world do you think you're doing?
What on earth do you think you're doing?
John is indifferent about his clothes.
To tell the truth, sweetheart, I'm not at all interested.
She works in world shop.
She works in an Oxfam shop.
She works in a Fair Trade Shop.
It's warm and cozy here.
When I was a child I often walked in the woods.
The lemon is sour.
The runner was gasping for breath.
He is very kind today.
The flowers wilt without water.
The piano is expensive.
Turn the music up!
Japanese like to soak in hot water before going to sleep.
You're pretty.
My legs are as heavy as lead.
I'm lost. Could you please help me?
He is stubborn as a mule.
This was a long letter.
He misses his family very much.
He lives according to God's laws.
In August, I'm going to Japan with my friends.
I can't play chess yet.
I can't open the door. Do you have the key?
Don't forget to bring the camera with you.
Are you crazy? I'm not able to swim across the river!
He rudely turned his back to the principal.
How are you feeling lately?
His father? He is about forty years old.
I know a man who speaks Latin.
I work as much as you.
Spring is an enjoyable season.
Paper is a Chinese invention.
We all enjoyed the movie.
I'm looking for your sister. Where is she?
He had a talent for painting.
Can you speak Chinese?
Fish gotta swim.
I'm reading the newspaper.
A woman needs to be loved so much that she won't even entertain the possibility of someone else loving her more.
Should I come to the bus stop now?
Intrepidly, he jumped out of the plane.
You have no driving experience.
Martha's Vineyard looks a lot like Sylt.
She ditched me.
Laughing is the most effective antidote to bad temper.
They ordered two shots and two beers.
She dumped me.
He came just after you left.
Coffee or tea?
Education is the best antidote against violence.
The company decided to skimp on the quality of its products to boost the profit margin.
I punctured a tire.
Happy Fathers' Day!
Life without love has no meaning at all.
I am truly sorry.
He is having difficulty breathing.
Will you take us for a trip next Sunday?
I spent a lot of time listening to music.
He has an interesting job, where he has to work a lot.
She has absolutely no enemies.
Where does this doodad go?
Tom, back ten words, couldn't see very well this one. Mary, who stood closer, described it to him.
The word that Mary had, just before the comma, to enrage Tom, was the word "erased".
Tom, as his usual, lagged at the beginning of the sentence, when Mary, already twelve words ahead of him, stood now in its middle.
Mary was wondering whether she counted for Tom as a mere word or as a real person.
Mary and Tom quarrelled about the controversial tags to apply to this sentence.
There are people to whom, null is a positive number.
"Climb back from the comment area, I feel lonely and I'm scared!" shouted Mary, anxious.
Section 214, in my opinion one of the stranger provisions of the Land of Schleswig-Holstein's General Administrative Code, seems to imply that somebody who kidnaps a person from another one, must deliver the latter a receipt, to that effect.
Language opens worlds.
How is it that you know so much about Japanese history?
Mary, this bitch, was hiding behind a big word, to surprise Tom.
This is the deepest lake in Japan.
This lake is the deepest lake in Japan.
I owe him 1000 yen.
Mary argued that Tom stood three words ahead of her, although when he turned back, he saw that, between she and he, there were only two.
This is the end of the world as we know it.
I no longer love you.
I no longer like you.
He could recite the poem at age 5.
Bears can climb trees.
The whole world is watching.
These German translators are so unproductive, Tatoeba should delocalise production to Asia!
A glass of white wine, please.
He left the room.
This shoe is a size bigger.
It's very sensitive.
"I nipped your national pride, I see." "You must have nipped it a long time ago, I can't even remember it."
"I pinched your national pride, I see." "You must have pinched it a long time ago, I can't even remember it."
Explain it to me.
The German translators, always late, hadn't translated this sentence yet, and Tom and Mary worried as to whether they should go through another translation to reach the sentence in Lojban.
Watch out mom, these are coming your way!
Unprecedented ways should be tried.
The first projection is coming up in a minute.
The NPD is likely to enter the Landtag.
Do you ever actually do any work?
For this bad weather I don't feel like going out.
Your philosophy of life is different than mine.
I don't know when you must turn off the device.
I don't know when the machine must be turned off.
I left for London.
It's high time I change my glasses!
I think, therefore I flee.
We trust him.
Good night everyone!
Good night, everybody!
Finding a decent man is more difficult than winning a lottery.
Four people were in the car when the accident happened.
I am holding a glass bottle with a letter inserted.
After the wind has stopped, let's sail the boat off to the open sea.
He did not answer the phone, so I sent him an email.
I love the rain while I'm studying in my room.
I don't know when the machine should be turned off.
It was eight meters long.
They don't think therefore they aren't.
Today is Valentine's Day.
He's proud to be an artist.
I'm a damage doer.
I am a damage doer.
Your name? - Robot.
I don't know when he decided to leave Rome.
I don't know when she decided to leave Rome.
I love walking along the river.
We drove to the hospital.
Her hair is black in color and long.
I haven't had a night shift like that in a while.
I need a vacation tonight.
I think it's possible.
That horror movie was very scary and I couldn't sleep after watching it.
I think that it's possible.
Finally, I found a job.
I graduated from the University of Kyoto.
Good-bye, Sayoko!
Please eat it while it's still hot.
Let's start translating!
I don't know them.
I can't tell it.
We must inform them.
Here we are, we're arrived.
You'll read it another day.
You will read it another day.
I'll watch it.
I will watch it.
She spread the margarine in place of the butter.
I came across your brother on the street.
Electronic components can be cleaned using pure isopropyl alcohol.
These articles cannot be exchanged.
It looks familiar.
It sounds familiar.
The lambda sensor is on the fritz again.
I won't put up with this any longer.
South Guelderish is a dialect of Dutch spoken in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
He is a sage.
I can't drink milk.
Why don't you drop in?
Do you have a boyfriend or a girlfriend? Where did you meet them?
I'm a realistic person.
I was born in Russia.
I don't watch TV.
Everything was better in the past.
Tom is a human skeleton.
Green is my favorite color.
Tom gave up all hope.
She's made up her mind to quit the company.
I ran into your brother on the street.
By chance, I met your brother on the street.
I'll be back at six.
Look at the train crossing the bridge.
I was able to swim faster when I was younger.
Your time is over.
He has been working all day long.
He has worked throughout the whole day.
He has been working during the whole day.
He arrived safe and sound.
I'm good at science.
It seems that something has happened.
Section 214b, in my opinion one of the stranger provisions of the Land of Schleswig-Holstein's General Administrative Code, seems to imply that somebody who sees a pink elephant must give it a receipt.
Electronic components can be cleaned by using pure isopropyl alcohol.
I have never voted for the left-wing politics in France and I'm not going to start now.
He has much money.
This animal is very intelligent.
What's the time now?
At least I got to see you.
The wall is covered with graffiti.
Do you have to go abroad again or not anymore?
How is it at school?
Call 110 right now.
Call 110 immediately.
I need your address in order to send you a present.
I am a teacher, not a student.
My eyes hurt!
I almost dropped a plate.
Elephants are an endangered species.
He, who kicks the pillar that stands on the bridge that leads over the river that flows through the village, in which lives the man, who owns the collar that bestows magical powers that perform miracles, dies.
If I'm lucky, I will arrive on time.
If you want, you can easily do it.
If you want, you can easily make it.
I saw a shape in the dark.
My older sister is good at typing.
I felt like seven suns have risen inside of me.
Tom wasn't ready to accept Mary's love or friendship.
Tom learned to accept the love his stepparents gave him.
Tom had trouble accepting Mary's love.
Tom didn't know whether to accept Mary's love or refuse it.
Tom didn't know how to accept Mary's love and affection.
Tom accused Mary of not knowing how to love or how to accept someone's love.
If Tom hadn't been so insecure, he could probably have accepted Mary's love.
All Tom wanted was to find a woman who would accept all the love he had to give.
It's necessary to be three to enjoy a good story: One to tell it right, one to relish it and one to not understand it. Because the pleasure of the first two is doubled by the lack of understanding of the third.
The principal shook hands with each of the graduates.
There are sentences which everybody knows.
He always grumbles like a bear.
I love my family so much.
Such a wonderful music!
It doesn't snow the whole time through in Russia and there are also no bears running in the streets.
This house is my father's.
Brigitte is a Dutch name.
Hans is a German name.
Susan is an English name.
Roberto is a Brazilian name.
Jacqueline is a French name.
Rafaela is an Italian name.
Jacques is a Belgian name.
Natasha is a Russian name.
Teresa is a Portuguese name.
Helga is a Swedish name.
Yoko is a Japanese name.
Karin is a German name.
Are you still in Florida?
Mariko went to the aesthetic salon.
Is there central heating in this building?
My co-worker is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Everyone had come except you.
I just want to live simply and happily, without troubles.
Tell us a random travel experience you had that you weren't expecting but loved.
School violence is a big problem.
Is anyone else going?
She is among those unaccounted for.
She still buys milk.
I'll definitely do that.
I'll do that without fail.
She looks young, but actually she's older than you are.
With the exception of him, nobody else came to the party.
He was the only one who came to the party.
It's difficult choosing between what's right and what's wrong, but you have to choose.
It's difficult choosing between what's right and what's wrong, but you have to make the choice.
A stranger living nearby is better than a relative living far away.
Strangers close by are better than family far away.
Both of my parents are dead.
Both of my parents have passed away.
Your new dress looks very good on you.
I wanted to be an astrophysicist once.
This was a lie.
Save me, Lord, from my friends, I will deal with my enemies myself!
Which movie did you watch?
I know where you dwell.
I'll be pleased to help you.
Don't act as if you were born in the year of Camel.
This bridge is the longest bridge.
My biggest problem at work now is having to deal with too many workers every day.
What I am most interested in is translating English sentences.
His favourite pastime is playing computer games.
His biggest dream is being able to speak like a native speaker.
The quality needed in this job is being polite all the time.
The things I like to do most while travelling are reading and sleeping.
If I were the head of a new charity to help old people, my main priorities would be providing health care and delivering hot meals.
I think the hardest part of nursing is seeing lots of blood every day.
The worst of living in Istanbul is getting stuck in the traffic.
The most important thing in life is having a lot of money.
When he was a child, his ambition was to be an English teacher.
A government's policy should be to give whatever is needed to improve the life standards.
After lunch today, our plan is to take a walk in the park.
What I need is to have a friend.
Her plan after work today is to go to the cinema.
What I will do after dinner is to chat on the internet.
The only thing I can do after dinner is watch television.
I can meet you at the bus station.
Do you remember our being stuck in the snow with the car last winter?
When I met him, I suddenly remembered lending him a large sum of money the previous month.
The only thing Tom likes to do after dinner is watch TV.
One thing Tom really enjoys is playing chess with Mary.
The only thing Tom needs now is a little patience.
The only place Tom has ever wanted to live is Boston.
The only car Tom has ever driven is his own.
The only girl Tom has ever dated is Mary.
The only fish Tom likes to eat is salmon.
The only website Tom visits at least once a day is this one.
The only two languages Tom can speak are French and English.
She's not the kind of girl you think she is.
I will try again.
My nationality is Polish.
What is your nationality?
In many ways, these fossils are the 'smoking gun' just before the emergence of our own genus.
A swine sees no sky.
A thief doesn't like the moonlight, a villain doesn't like a good man.
With the only difference being that I am a man.
Will you accompany me to collect my brain?
I managed to get permission from my parents for my wedding.
Neither the one nor the other.
I'll tell him, if I don't forget.
"Is that an illegal taxi?", I asked him.
I demand your daughter's hand in marriage.
Something is asked of me.
Learn these sentences.
Learn those sentences.
Teach these sentences.
Teach those sentences.
I'll start with a beer.
Let's start with beer.
He looked pretty tired.
The north wind was blowing all day long.
When are you going to return from Milan?
How long will this cold weather last?
I wonder how long this cold weather will last.
I'm very tired now.
He's so thin that he looks like a skeleton.
The poor old man became so thin that now he's just skin and bones.
I had some free time, so I wandered around town.
What he said might be true.
What he said could possibly be true.
You're stupid to trust him.
His injuries are all external.
The air has become really heavy.
What he's doing is illegal.
What he's doing is against the law.
We will return home after one hour.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I'm appreciative.
When a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker, I'm thankful.
I appreciate it when a native speaker tries to help me sound more like a native speaker.
You disappoint me.
I'm disappointed in you.
Until now, I've never been spoken to by a foreigner.
Most car accidents happen because drivers aren't paying attention.
I didn't know the performer, but eventually found out who she was.
I was wondering.
Let's go on.
Your mail has been successfully sent.
We attached the invoice concerning the payment.
They say that a person who has perfect pitch can tell just by listening what pitch a note is.
Should any political party attempt to abolish social security, unemployment insurance, and eliminate labor laws and farm programs, you would not hear of that party again in our political history. There is a tiny splinter group, of course, that believes you can do these things. Among them are H. L. Hunt (you possibly know his background), a few other Texas oil millionaires, and an occasional politician or business man from other areas. Their number is negligible and they are stupid.
Raise your hand and ask for permission if you need to leave the classroom.
Snakes are cold-blooded creatures.
He supposes that you will book seats.
He supposed that you would book seats.
We're working to fix this bug.
The money on the table isn't mine.
We don't have a vacancy at the moment.
We took the liberty of putting your candidacy on hold.
For every ten m.p.h of speed you should allow one car-length of space between you and the car in front.
He told his friends his secret.
My place is with them now.
A lot of people around here drive trucks.
A lot of people around here like country music.
A lot of people feel the same way about this as I do.
A lot of people feel the same way you do.
A lot of people in our neighborhood own guns.
A lot of people living in our building don't like the owner.
A lot of people would like to become famous. However, a lot of famous people wish they weren't so famous.
I'm too tired to go out jogging.
I'm too tired to think.
I'm too tired to do anything right now.
Have you seen a little girl with short black hair?
I'm too tired to do study.
I'm too tired to concentrate on this problem right now.
I'm too tired to ride my bicycle back home.
I'm too sleepy to drive.
Are you laughing at me?
Are you looking for me?
Are you sure you don't want me to go with you?
Are you sure you don't want to go with us?
After playing so badly for the entire game, the team walked off with their tails between their legs.
Man dies for the sake of the one who recognizes his worth.
Burning the trash so close to the house wasn't a good idea.
You should try to be more like Tom.
You should talk to Tom.
You should make sure that you get there on time. Tom won't wait more than ten minutes if you are late.
You should make sure that you don't make Tom angry.
You should assume that Tom won't help us at all.
You should assume that Tom already knows about the problem.
You could search the world over and never find another woman more beautiful than Mary.
You could search the world over and never find another man more honest than Tom.
You and Tom used to be friends. What happened?
Would you mind if I searched through Tom's room?
Why is Tom so grouchy today?
Why is Tom so dressed up today?
Why don't the police arrest Tom?
Why does Tom drink so much?
Why does Tom always seem to like doing things that make other people angry?
Why does Tom always look so tired?
Why did you invite Tom to the party?
Why did Tom quit his job?
Why did Tom cancel his trip?
Whose idea was it to fire Tom?
When was the last time you talked to Tom?
When was the last time you saw Tom?
When Tom leaves at night, he turns on the burglar alarm.
When did Tom tell Mary to fix the broken chair?
What was it that you wanted me to tell Tom?
What proof do you have that Tom was the one who stole your mother's necklace?
What kind of music does Tom listen to?
What kind of camera does Tom own?
What kind of books does Tom read?
What is Tom trying to say?
What if what Tom does isn't good enough? What'll we do then?
What if someone killed Tom? What would you do?
What if someone kidnapped Tom? What would you do?
What do you want me to tell Tom?
What did Tom want Mary to do?
What did Tom tell Mary to do?
What did Tom tell Mary not to do?
What did Tom expect Mary to do?
What did Tom ask Mary to do?
We were unsure what kind of person Tom would be and whether he would like living in the same house as us.
We can't get along without Tom.
Visiting Tom was a mistake.
Visiting Tom was a lot of fun.
Visiting Tom was a good idea.
Tom's wallet is almost empty.
Tom's unwillingness to help surprised Mary.
Tom's part-time job is delivering pizzas.
Tom's not in the office.
Tom's new shirt shrunk when he washed it and now it doesn't fit.
Tom's mother kept his graduation picture on the mantel.
Tom's mother is a nurse at the hospital that's across the street from where Mary lives.
Tom's lack of compassion surprised Mary.
Tom's house is just down the street.
Tom's house is just down the street from here.
Tom's house doesn't have a garage.
Tom's hands felt like ice.
Tom's great-great-great grandmother lived in Scotland.
Tom's great-great-grandfather was a pirate.
Tom's great-grandfather was born blind.
Tom's girlfriend saw him with another girl.
Tom's favorite Elvis Presley song is "Jailhouse Rock."
Tom's eyes weren't yet accustomed to the dark, so he couldn't see a thing.
Tom's explanation sounded convincing.
Tom's dog woke him up a little after midnight.
Tom's dog wanted to go outside.
Tom's dog slobbered on his pillow.
Tom's dog needed to go outside.
Tom's dog is a pretty good swimmer.
Tom's dog followed him into the house.
Tom's car was stuck in the mud.
Tom's car is easily recognizable since there is a big dent in the front bumper.
Tom's been working on this report since this morning.
Tom's been playing computer games since noon.
Tom's been living in Boston since he was six.
Tom's bedroom door was closed.
Tom, Mary and John were playing tag on the playground.
Tom, Mary and John spent Saturday practicing for the talent show.
Tom zipped up his fly.
Tom zipped up his bag.
Tom wrung out the towel.
Tom wrote to Mary about John.
Tom wrote to his father asking for money.
Tom wrote the song that Mary sang last night at the pub.
Tom wrote his name on every dirty car windshield in the parking lot.
Tom wrote down the license plate number.
Tom wrote a letter to Mary.
Tom wouldn't let his children use his power tools.
Tom wouldn't be too surprised if Mary didn't like the puppy he gave her.
Tom wouldn't be too surprised if Mary decided to accept the job offer.
Tom would never say what you think he said.
Tom would never let that happen.
Tom would never do what you claim he did.
Tom would like to know the reason.
Tom would like to know the reason why Mary isn't here.
Tom would like to go on the picnic, too. We should invite him.
Tom would have liked to attend Mary's party. Unfortunately, he had other things he had to do.
Tom would have become a boxer if his mother had let him.
Tom would have apologized to Mary if he had thought it was important.
Tom worries a lot about money.
Tom worried about whether he had enough money to pay for such a nice meal.
Tom works harder than he used to.
Tom works for a translation agency.
Tom worked up a sweat jogging.
Tom worked until he was too tired to continue.
Tom worked much harder than anyone else.
Tom worked his way through college.
Tom worked for weeks on that project.
Tom worked as a gas station attendant.
Tom wore gloves to avoid leaving his fingerprints on the murder weapon.
Tom wore a white shirt.
Tom wore a red and white striped tie.
Tom wondered how long it would be before Mary realized that John wasn't coming back.
Tom wondered why Mary was so late.
Tom wondered why Mary had not written.
Tom wondered why Mary couldn't speak French any better than she did.
Tom wondered who Mary was planning to vote for.
Tom wondered who Mary had driven to the airport.
Tom wondered where Mary had spent the weekend.
Tom wondered where Mary had gone to high school.
Tom wondered when Mary would arrive.
Tom wondered when Mary had bought the milk that was in the refrigerator.
Tom wondered what was on Mary's mind.
Tom wondered what Mary was making in the kitchen.
Tom wondered what Mary was doing here.
Tom wondered what happened to Mary.
Tom wondered what happened to his old truck.
Tom wondered what had happened.
Tom wondered if Mary was going to kiss him.
Tom wondered if he had enough firewood to make it through the winter.
Tom wondered how tall Mary was.
Tom wondered how soon Mary would have dinner ready.
Tom wondered how often Mary practiced baton twirling.
Tom wondered how much tequila Mary could drink before she passed out.
Tom wondered how much Mary weighed.
Tom wondered how much luggage Mary was planning to take.
Tom wondered how many times Mary was going to run around the track.
Tom wondered how many times Mary had been in trouble with the law.
Tom wondered how many times Mary had been arrested.
Tom wondered how many times he'd have to tell Mary to clean her room before she finally did it.
Tom wondered how many pairs of shoes Mary owned.
Tom wondered how many more people could fit into the elevator.
Tom wondered how many minutes it would take him to run to the bus stop.
Tom wondered how many hours it took Mary to get ready for the party.
Tom wondered how long it would take Mary to finish the job.
Tom wondered how long he'd have to wait for Mary.
Tom wondered how fast Mary could climb a ladder.
Tom wondered how deep the river was.
Tom won't tell you what you want to know.
Tom won't tell you what happened.
Tom won't take no for an answer.
Tom won't have to go through what Mary went through.
Tom won't go unless Mary goes with him.
Tom won't go even if he's invited.
Tom won't give Mary the message that you asked him to.
Tom won't be in for a few weeks.
Tom woke up with a terrible headache.
Tom woke up with a pain in his side.
Tom woke up when the telephone rang.
Tom woke up in the middle of the night.
Tom woke up feeling grumpy.
Tom woke up a little before noon.
Tom withdrew some money from the bank.
Tom wishes he were a millionaire.
Tom wishes he had a bigger car.
Tom wishes he could swap places with Mary.
Tom wishes he could make a fresh start.
Tom wishes he could afford to buy the kind of computer Mary bought.
Tom wished that he had enough money to retire.
Tom wished that he could spend more time with Mary.
Tom wished that he could play tennis as well as Mary.
Tom wished he'd never stepped foot into Mary's house.
Tom wished he'd never met Mary.
Tom wished he hadn't spent so much money.
Tom wished he hadn't eaten so much pie.
Tom wished he had someone to talk to.
Tom wished he had put more money into that investment.
Tom wished he had been more careful.
Tom will try to finish the work as early as possible.
Tom will try to convince Mary to accept your offer.
Tom will never tell you what really happened.
Tom will likely be discharged from the hospital tomorrow.
Tom will have an answer for you by next week.
Tom will go, no matter what Mary says.
Tom will go whether Mary does or not.
Tom will eventually need an operation.
Tom will be here only a few days.
Tom will be back around 2:30.
Tom will be arriving an hour late.
Tom will be arrested if he does that again.
Tom went to the police station to file an accident report.
Tom went to the hardware store to buy another hammer and some nails.
Tom went to see Mary early yesterday morning.
Tom went to Korea as a Christian missionary.
Tom went to Japan to study Japanese.
Tom went to his high school reunion last week.
Tom went to Boston to meet Mary.
Tom went to a wedding last weekend.
Tom went straight to the post office.
Tom went straight to bed.
Tom went shopping with his family.
Tom went out of his way to make sure Mary had a good time.
Tom went out of his way to make Mary feel at home.
Tom went out of his way to help Mary.
Tom went out for a walk as he always does in the afternoon.
Tom went for a walk and took pictures of things he saw.
Tom went down the river in a canoe.
Tom went backstage to see if he could meet some of the band members.
Tom went back to his writing.
Tom went back to his room.
Tom wears long sleeves when working in the garden.
Tom wasn't very good at reading between the lines.
Tom wasn't sure they would renew his visa.
Tom wasn't satisfied with the pay he was getting.
Tom wasn't happy about the situation.
Tom wasn't aware of the gravity of the situation.
Tom wasn't able to find a babysitter on such short notice.
Tom washed all the towels.
Tom was worried that his cholesterol level might be a little high.
Tom was worried about Mary's safety.
Tom was married when he returned.
Tom was wearing an eyepatch the last time I saw him.
Tom was wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans.
Tom was up before dawn.
Tom was unwilling to pay that much money for a secondhand computer.
Tom was unsure what Mary would be like and he wondered whether she would get along with his friends.
Tom was under suspicion for murder.
Tom was unaware of some errors he had made when translating an important document for his boss.
Tom was unable to understand anything Mary said.
Tom was trying not to panic.
Tom was touched that Mary was worried about him.
Tom was totally snockered before the party even began.
Tom was too tired to even smile at Mary.
Tom was too afraid to enter the cave.
Tom was thrown off the bus.
Tom was thinking of Mary.
Tom was the only one who trusted Mary.
Tom was the only one who saw Mary sneak into the room.
Tom was the only one who respected Mary.
Tom was the only one who knew how to start a fire without matches.
Tom was the only one who even attempted to do something about the problem.
Tom was the one who started the fight.
Tom was the one who helped me paint my house.
Tom was the one who gave me the painting that's hanging above my fireplace.
Tom was the one who cooked dinner.
Tom was the one who broke the windshield of Mary's car.
Tom was the oldest person in the room.
Tom was the first to arrive.
Tom was surprised to find Mary sitting all alone in the chapel.
Tom was sure Mary didn't know how to drive a car.
Tom was sure better times were coming.
Tom was supposed to help me this afternoon.
Tom was supposed to be here by now.
Tom was supposed to be here by 2:30.
Tom was sunbathing on the dock.
Tom was stupid enough to believe Mary.
Tom was stuck in a traffic jam for what seemed like hours.
Tom was stabbed to death by someone on the subway.
Tom was so busy he skipped lunch.
Tom was sitting at the bar drinking a Bloody Mary.
Tom was shocked to hear that Mary had gotten into Harvard.
Tom was shocked to hear that Mary had died.
Tom was shocked by Mary's behavior.
Tom was sentenced to 20 years in prison.
Tom was scheduled for a checkup.
Tom was scared out of his wits.
Tom was rude and obnoxious.
Tom was reluctant to go.
Tom was reluctant to go by himself.
Tom was relieved to hear that Mary had arrived home safely.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary was going to help him move.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary wanted to come to his party.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary hadn't been injured in the accident.
Tom was really glad to hear that Mary had passed her exams.
Tom was put in a nursing home.
Tom was promoted to manager.
Tom was only one of Mary's many stepchildren.
Tom was only gone for fifteen minutes.
Tom was on the verge of tears.
Tom was on the verge of starvation.
Tom was on the other side of town at the time of the shooting.
Tom was on the news last night.
Tom was obviously sick.
Tom was obviously in pain.
Tom was obviously a rich man.
Tom was nothing but skin and bone.
Tom was not much older than Mary.
Tom was mugged.
Tom was Mary's stepchild.
Tom was Mary's only friend.
Tom was married, but he didn't wear a ring.
Tom was madly in love with Mary.
Tom was lying on the pier getting a suntan.
Tom was lucky that Mary didn't hit him.
Tom was lucky enough to find a good job.
Tom was looking for some people to help him move his piano.
Tom was looking for place to eat that had reasonable prices.
Tom was looking all over for you.
Tom was late for the meeting.
Tom was late for his appointment.
Tom was killed instantly when the bomb he was trying to defuse exploded.
Tom was killed in a traffic accident.
Tom was killed in a plane crash.
Tom was killed in a car accident.
Tom was killed by a stray bullet.
Tom was kicked out of school.
Tom was just as scared as Mary was.
Tom was just about to hang up when he heard Mary scream.
Tom was injured in a traffic accident.
Tom was in no mood to talk to Mary.
Tom was in a meeting all day.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his second cup of coffee undrunk.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his breakfast only half eaten.
Tom was in a hurry so he left his bed unmade.
Tom was humiliated.
Tom was hoping the committee would adopt his proposal.
Tom was held up in a traffic jam.
Tom was happy to be home after being away for so long.
Tom was going to ask you about that.
Tom was going 50 over the speed limit when the police pulled him over.
Tom was glad to see Mary and John getting along so well.
Tom was given a warm reception.
Tom was getting under Mary's skin.
Tom was found dead in his room.
Tom was flabbergasted when he heard the news.
Tom was expecting you fifteen minutes ago.
Tom was early for his appointment.
Tom was drinking coffee out of a Styrofoam cup.
Tom was drinking at a bar with Mary at the time the police think that John was murdered.
Tom was down with the flu all last week.
Tom was determined to make the football team.
Tom was determined to finish the job before he went home.
Tom was determined to continue his support for as long as it took.
Tom was dead set against the idea.
Tom was caught driving without a license.
Tom was carrying an armful of books.
Tom was busy, so he couldn't help us.
Tom was busy translating some documents for the boss.
Tom was busy and didn't have a chance to eat lunch.
Tom was born a month premature.
Tom was beginning to wish he had stayed in the navy.
Tom was beaten to death with a tire iron.
Tom was attacked by a dog.
Tom was apparently in Boston last winter.
Tom was angry at Mary because she parked in his space.
Tom was aiming his pistol at Mary when John shot him.
Tom was afraid of being rejected.
Tom was afraid of being captured by the enemy.
Tom was afraid Mary wouldn't believe him.
Tom was afraid his car would break down.
Tom was accustomed to being on his own.
Tom was able to recite the whole poem by heart.
Tom was able to park a half a block away from the concert hall.
Tom was able to extend his visa.
Tom was able to buy what he needed at a convenience store.
Tom was a little homesick.
Tom was a homicide detective before he retired.
Tom warned Mary that John would try to borrow money from her.
Tom wants you to do him a favor.
Tom wants to see you.
Tom wants to see you as soon as possible.
Tom wants to see if Mary likes his new song.
Tom wants to see a doctor as soon as possible.
Tom wants to say something to you.
Tom wants to know more about Mary's past.
Tom wants to have a word with you.
Tom wants to get to know Mary better.
Tom wants to get a part-time job.
Tom wants to drink a cup of coffee.
Tom wants to do something special for Mary's birthday.
Tom wants to do business with Mary.
Tom wants to discuss the problem with Mary.
Tom wants to borrow some money.
Tom wants to borrow some money from you.
Tom wants to become an electrician.
Tom wants to be the best person he possibly can be.
Tom wants to be friends with Mary.
Tom wants to be careful not to use too much water. His well is almost dry.
Tom wants Mary to meet his mother.
Tom wants Mary to come here right away.
Tom wants Mary to babysit his children.
Tom wants everyone to have a great time.
Tom wants everyone to get out of here.
Tom wants a bigger discount.
Tom wanted to get things done quickly.
Tom wanted to wait for the next bus.
Tom wanted to visit South America.
Tom wanted to visit North America.
Tom wanted to visit Central America.
Tom wanted to visit America.
Tom wanted to unite not divide.
Tom wanted to thank Mary in person.
Tom wanted to tell Mary what he really thought, but he held his tongue.
Tom wanted to tell Mary something important.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary before she left.
Tom wanted to talk to Mary about something.
Tom wanted to take a shower.
Tom wanted to take a nap before dinner.
Tom wanted to stay home and relax instead of hiking with his children.
Tom wanted to spend the rest of his life with Mary.
Tom wanted to spend the rest of his life in America.
Tom wanted to sleep late, but was unable to.
Tom wanted to sit down for a few seconds.
Tom wanted to see Mary before she left.
Tom wanted to see Mary again.
Tom wanted to say something to Mary.
Tom wanted to lose five pounds before summer vacation.
Tom wanted to learn how people in other countries live.
Tom wanted to know why Mary was not happy.
Tom wanted to know who Mary had been dating.
Tom wanted to know where Mary had been.
Tom wanted to know when Mary would get home.
Tom wanted to know what Mary did during her summer vacation.
Tom wanted to know how the story ended.
Tom wanted to know how Mary had become so rich.
Tom wanted to kiss Mary then and there.
Tom wanted to kill Mary, but John stopped him.
Tom wanted to hone his skills as a photographer.
Tom wanted to hit Mary, but John stopped him.
Tom wanted to hire a detective.
Tom wanted to help Mary rake the leaves, but she was using the only rake.
Tom wanted to help Mary pick up chestnuts.
Tom wanted to grab a bite to eat on his way home.
Tom wanted to go wherever Mary was going.
Tom wanted to go into politics.
Tom wanted to give Mary something special for her birthday.
Tom wanted to give Mary some earrings for her birthday.
Tom wanted to give Mary a chance to explain why she hadn't yet done the work.
Tom wanted to get to know Mary better.
Tom wanted to get his money's worth.
Tom wanted to fire Mary, but John stopped him.
Tom wanted to eat at the small restaurant behind the hotel.
Tom wanted to call the police, but Mary wouldn't let him.
Tom wanted to buy a soprano sax, but couldn't afford one.
Tom wanted to become a search-and-rescue specialist.
Tom wanted to become a diplomat.
Tom wanted to be with Mary.
Tom wanted to be just friends. However, Mary wanted much more.
Tom wanted to ask Mary to go out with him, but he didn't have the courage to.
Tom wanted to ask Mary something.
Tom wanted to ask Mary for a big favor.
Tom wanted to ask Mary a question.
Tom wanted save up enough money to buy a car.
Tom wanted revenge.
Tom wanted Mary to write a recommendation for him.
Tom wanted Mary to work harder.
Tom wanted Mary to wait for him at the library.
Tom wanted Mary to understand why he couldn't live with her.
Tom wanted Mary to tell the truth.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him her opinion.
Tom wanted Mary to tell him about her childhood.
Tom wanted Mary to talk to John about the problem she was having with his children.
Tom wanted Mary to take his picture.
Tom wanted Mary to stay with him forever.
Tom wanted Mary to stay where she was until he got back.
Tom wanted Mary to sign his yearbook.
Tom wanted Mary to return his pen.
Tom wanted Mary to play a song for him on the piano.
Tom wanted Mary to meet his parents.
Tom wanted Mary to loan him some money.
Tom wanted Mary to leave right away.
Tom wanted Mary to leave him alone.
Tom wanted Mary to help him with his homework.
Tom wanted Mary to help him in the garden.
Tom wanted Mary to go to Boston to visit her uncle.
Tom wanted Mary to go outside and play.
Tom wanted Mary to get well.
Tom wanted Mary to drive him to the airport.
Tom wanted Mary to cook dinner.
Tom wanted Mary to come to his party.
Tom wanted Mary to come over for an early dinner.
Tom wanted Mary to come home early.
Tom wanted Mary to clean the bathtub.
Tom wanted Mary to clean her room.
Tom wanted Mary to buy him some stamps while she was at the post office.
Tom wanted Mary to be quiet.
Tom wanted Mary to be his wife.
Tom wanted Mary to be his dance partner.
Tom wanted Mary to be happy.
Tom wanted Mary to air out the room.
Tom wanted Mary to accept his gift.
Tom wanted a place in the country he could call home.
Tom wanted a pencil with a softer lead.
Tom walks through a very classy neighborhood on his way home from school.
Tom walked up to the third floor.
Tom wakes up early almost every morning.
Tom waited to hear from Mary.
Tom waited patiently for three hours.
Tom waited patiently for Mary to arrive.
Tom waited for more than an hour.
Tom waited a while to let his eyes adjust to the darkness.
Tom wadded up the piece of paper.
Tom vowed to do everything within his power to protect the local wildlife.
Tom volunteered to help raise money for a new orphanage.
Tom usually takes the subway to school.
Tom usually takes a bus to work.
Tom usually starts his day with a hot cup of coffee.
Tom usually puts mustard and ketchup on his hot dogs.
Tom usually only reads the headlines.
Tom usually lets dirty dishes pile up for a week, then he washes them.
Tom used to work in a bakery.
Tom used to work for Mary.
Tom used to pick on Mary all the time when they were in elementary school.
Tom used to be conservative.
Tom used to be a special education teacher.
Tom used the new knife Mary had given him to cut the vegetables.
Tom urged Mary to study art.
Tom untied the ribbon.
Tom unholstered his gun.
Tom understood Mary's skepticism.
Tom understands what it takes to survive.
Tom understands what it takes to succeed.
Tom unbuttoned his shirt.
Tom twisted the truth.
Tom twisted Mary's arm and she agreed to donate some money to our charity.
Tom twisted his ankle and it swelled up.
Tom turned out to be a thief.
Tom turned on the windshield wipers.
Tom turned on the water faucet, but nothing came out.
Tom tripled his investment in six months.
Tom tried to teach Mary how to play bridge.
Tom tried to talk Mary into driving all night.
Tom tried to stand up, but couldn't.
Tom tried to squeeze into the jeans he had worn when he was a teenager.
Tom tried to speak, but couldn't.
Tom tried to smile, but couldn't.
Tom tried to sell his old VCR instead of throwing it away, but no one would buy it, so he ended up throwing it away.
Tom tried to return the swimsuit for a larger size, but the clerk told him that wasn't allowed.
Tom tried to remember the last time he had visited an art museum.
Tom tried to remember the last time he had drunk wine with Mary.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from opening the door.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from joining the army.
Tom tried to prevent Mary from going to the police.
Tom tried to look through the keyhole, but couldn't see anything.
Tom tried to hold back his tears.
Tom tried to hog all the credit.
Tom tried to get Mary to pay for his ticket.
Tom tried to get Mary to do his homework for him.
Tom tried to get Mary to do his chores.
Tom tried to get Mary to accept our proposal.
Tom tried to get into the locked room.
Tom tried to find somebody else to do the job.
Tom tried to figure out the answer by himself.
Tom tried to explain to Mary how to solve the puzzle.
Tom tried to break up the fight.
Tom tried to adjust the temperature of the shower.
Tom tried everything that was suggested, but still couldn't fix the problem.
Tom treated Mary like a slave.
Tom treated Mary like a maid.
Tom treated Mary as one of the family.
Tom towel-dried his hair.
Tom touched Mary on the shoulder.
Tom took very good care of Mary.
Tom took the seat across from Mary.
Tom took the hook out of the fish's mouth.
Tom took the first flight out this morning.
Tom took the children to the park.
Tom took off his wedding ring.
Tom took off his tie.
Tom took off his shoes.
Tom took off his jacket and hung it up.
Tom took off his hat.
Tom took me to a restaurant where you can eat as much as you want for thirty dollars.
Tom took Mary back home.
Tom took it for granted that Mary already knew what had happened.
Tom took his shoes off at the door.
Tom took his family to the zoo.
Tom took his computer in to be repaired.
Tom took care of my kids when I was in the hospital.
Tom took care of his sick mother.
Tom took an overdose of sleeping pills.
Tom took a sip of coffee.
Tom took a piece of candy, unwrapped it and put it in his mouth.
Tom took a knife out of a drawer in the kitchen.
Tom took a handful of popcorn from the bowl.
Tom took a folded piece of paper out of his shirt pocket.
Tom took a direct flight to Boston.
Tom took a cold shower.
Tom took a cold shower this morning.
Tom took a bath last night.
Tom told us that we could buy a ticket at the door.
Tom told the taxi driver to keep the change.
Tom told the doctor that he felt no pain.
Tom told me to load my pistol.
Tom told me to give you anything you want.
Tom told me that Mary wasn't his type.
Tom told me that if it didn't rain tomorrow he'd go cycling with Mary.
Tom told me that I should drop by sometime for a visit.
Tom told me that I could keep the book if I wanted it.
Tom told me that he would rather not go.
Tom told me that he wasn't afraid of Mary.
Tom told me that he was too tired to study.
Tom told me that he had a dream about Mary last night.
Tom told me that he doesn't have a problem with that.
Tom told me that he didn't want to come home empty-handed.
Tom told me he wouldn't be late, but he still hasn't shown up.
Tom told me he had nothing to look forward to.
Tom told me he couldn't wait to get out of there.
Tom told Mary what he'd seen on TV.
Tom told Mary what he really thought of her.
Tom told Mary what had happened.
Tom told Mary to put the hammer back into the toolbox when she was finished using it.
Tom told Mary to practice her tuba somewhere else.
Tom told Mary to park somewhere else.
Tom told Mary to do it immediately.
Tom told Mary the bad news.
Tom told Mary the absolute truth.
Tom told Mary that they needed to be careful not to wear out their welcome.
Tom told Mary that the story wasn't true.
Tom told Mary that she was wasting her time.
Tom told Mary that she shouldn't include her phone number in her profile.
Tom told Mary that she looked like Marilyn Monroe.
Tom told Mary that she had the prettiest eyes he'd ever seen.
Tom told Mary that it was too hot to play outside.
Tom told Mary that it was too cold to go outside without a coat.
Tom told Mary that it wasn't a good idea to have money just sitting in the bank.
Tom told Mary that he thought John was really stressed out.
Tom told Mary that he didn't think it was a good idea for her to go jogging in the park by herself.
Tom told Mary she was fat and ugly.
Tom told Mary she should study harder.
Tom told Mary she should get her eyes checked.
Tom told Mary she couldn't quit on such short notice.
Tom told Mary not to wait up because he wouldn't be home until very late.
Tom told Mary not to laugh so loudly.
Tom told Mary it wouldn't be easy.
Tom told Mary how much he loved her.
Tom told Mary how much he liked his work.
Tom told Mary how much he enjoyed watching baseball on TV.
Tom told Mary he'd be right back.
Tom told Mary he wouldn't do it again.
Tom told Mary he was going to Boston.
Tom told Mary all the things John didn't do that he could have done.
Tom told Mary about last night's ordeal.
Tom told his children to quit jumping on the bed.
Tom told his boss that Mary wouldn't be coming to work that day.
Tom told everyone that he thought Mary would make a good wife for someone someday.
Tom told everybody what was on his mind.
Tom tied his boat to the dock.
Tom threw the apple core into the garbage can.
Tom threw another log on the fire.
Tom thought where he put his gold coins was the perfect hiding place. However, he was wrong.
Tom thought what Mary was wearing wasn't appropriate for a formal party.
Tom thought there should be a limit on how much money his wife should be allowed to spend.
Tom thought the watch Mary had given him was ugly.
Tom thought the situation was really sad.
Tom thought the music was too loud, but he was too tired to get up and turn the volume down.
Tom thought the meeting was a waste of time.
Tom thought the little place on the corner might be a good place to eat.
Tom thought the house Mary wanted to buy was a little too small.
Tom thought the food Mary had prepared tasted pretty good.
Tom thought the car Mary was driving wasn't safe.
Tom thought that maybe Mary and John were gunrunners.
Tom thought that Mary wasn't getting enough sleep.
Tom thought that Mary was probably still somewhere in Boston.
Tom thought that Mary was probably over thirty.
Tom thought that Mary was probably not going to attend the event.
Tom thought that Mary was likely to want to leave early.
Tom thought that Mary was likely to get the job.
Tom thought that Mary didn't want to swim.
Tom thought that Mary didn't want to play chess with him.
Tom thought that Mary didn't like him.
Tom thought that Mary didn't like computer games.
Tom thought that Mary didn't drive a car.
Tom thought that it would be fun to go sailing.
Tom thought that he was very lucky.
Tom thought no one was at home.
Tom thought Mary's dress wasn't appropriate for the occasion.
Tom thought Mary's cooking was delicious.
Tom thought Mary's behavior was inappropriate.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to live in Boston.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't want to buy such a small car.
Tom thought Mary wouldn't be able to earn more than thirty dollars an hour.
Tom thought Mary was really mean.
Tom thought Mary was really friendly.
Tom thought Mary was probably about thirty.
Tom thought Mary should go over to John's house and help him.
Tom thought Mary seemed to be gaining weight.
Tom thought Mary seemed really happy.
Tom thought Mary looked beautiful.
Tom thought Mary knew why he didn't like her.
Tom thought Mary knew who to turn the report in to.
Tom thought Mary knew where to buy black pepper.
Tom thought Mary knew what time she was supposed to show up.
Tom thought Mary knew how to program in Python, JavaScript and Perl.
Tom thought Mary knew how much he hated opera.
Tom thought Mary had the IQ of a lizard.
Tom thought Mary didn't like cats.
Tom thought Mary could probably beat him in a swimming race.
Tom thought Mary could get a job.
Tom thought it would take longer.
Tom thought it was Mary who had broken into his apartment.
Tom thought he was doing what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom thought he might be coming down with a cold.
Tom thought he heard some voices in the next room.
Tom thought he heard some gunshots.
Tom thought he heard a mouse in the kitchen.
Tom thought he heard a gunshot.
Tom thought he heard a dog barking.
Tom thought he heard a car backfire.
Tom thought he had all the time in the world.
Tom thought he had a chance to win the race.
Tom thought he had a chance to survive.
Tom thought he had a chance to make a lot of money on the stock market.
Tom thought everything was in order.
Tom thought he could reach the airport on time if he drove a little over the speed limit.
Tom thinks you should talk to Mary.
Tom thinks women in America wear too much perfume.
Tom thinks this price is reasonable.
Tom thinks there's a good possibility that Mary will agree to babysit the children on Friday night.
Tom thinks the food Mary makes is usually too spicy.
Tom thinks that women always tell their best friends everything.
Tom thinks that if he had tried a little harder, he could have won the race.
Tom thinks of Mary as his best friend.
Tom thinks Mary made the right choice.
Tom thinks Mary made a big mistake.
Tom thinks Mary looks great in blue.
Tom thinks Mary lacks common sense.
Tom thinks Mary is really stuck up.
Tom thinks Mary is interested in John.
Tom thinks Mary is a bit chubby.
Tom thinks Mary doesn't have an inkling of what's going on.
Tom thinks it's his fault that Mary died.
Tom thinks it'll be a lot of fun.
Tom thinks it would be better not to visit Mary right now.
Tom thinks it would be better not to change dollars into yen at this time.
Tom thinks it was a good experience.
Tom thinks I can do the job.
Tom thinks he's God's gift to women.
Tom thinks he understands women.
Tom thinks he knows why Mary decided to become a nun.
Tom thinks he knows who Mary's favorite musician is.
Tom thinks he knows where Mary lives.
Tom thinks he knows what's going on.
Tom thinks he knows what Mary wants.
Tom thinks he knows how much money Mary makes, but Mary makes quite a bit more than Tom thinks she does.
Tom thinks he can tell when Mary is lying.
Tom thinks he can do anything if he puts his mind to it.
Tom thinks anything's possible.
Tom thinks about Mary all the time.
Tom thanked Mary for letting him use her computer.
Tom thanked Mary for her time.
Tom teaches us French.
Tom teaches an undergraduate course in translation.
Tom taught Mary a lot of useful French.
Tom talks a mile a minute.
Tom talked to Mary about things he usually kept to himself.
Tom talked Mary into taking the job.
Tom talked Mary into going.
Tom talked Mary into going out for coffee.
Tom talked for a long time, but didn't really say much.
Tom takes tap dancing lessons twice a week.
Tom tackled the problem immediately.
Tom swept the kitchen floor while Mary washed the dishes.
Tom suggested the idea to Mary.
Tom suggested that we not watch that movie.
Tom suggested that we have a farewell party for Mary.
Tom suggested that we go out to eat.
Tom suggested that we go downtown.
Tom suggested that we cancel the meeting.
Tom suggested that Mary should resign from her current job and find another one.
Tom suggested that Mary see a doctor.
Tom studies harder than anyone else I know.
Tom stuck Mary with the bill.
Tom stored his old books under his bed.
Tom stopped talking when Mary came into the room.
Tom stopped at a convenience store to buy some milk.
Tom stood in the corner of the room with a gin and tonic in his hand.
Tom stomped out of the room.
Tom stomped on the brake pedal and screeched to a halt.
Tom still hasn't quite learned the rules of the game.
Tom still hasn't found what he's looking for.
Tom still hasn't found a good job.
Tom still has one more month to go before he graduates.
Tom still has a lot to learn.
Tom stepped out for a minute.
Tom stayed up all night. Now he's too tired to work.
Tom stayed in Boston for the summer.
Tom has started to show an interest in Mary.
Tom started to like Mary more and more.
Tom started to get a little hungry.
Tom started to get a little bored.
Tom started to get a little angry.
Tom started to feel more confident than before.
Tom started to feel like his life wasn't worth living.
Tom started playing drums when he was thirteen.
Tom stared at Mary for a moment wondering if there was something she wasn't telling him.
Tom sprained his ankle.
Tom splashed himself with cold water.
Tom spent the whole morning getting ready for his presentation.
Tom spent the whole evening searching the Web for photos of famous people.
Tom spent the whole day working on his French pronunciation.
Tom spent the whole afternoon playing tennis.
Tom spent the night in the small cabin near the lake.
Tom spent the night in an old hunting shack.
Tom spent quite a lot of money for his house.
Tom spent all morning stacking firewood.
Tom spent all day trying to fix the leak in the roof.
Tom spent all day looking around antique shops.
Tom spent a few years behind bars.
Tom spent all afternoon at the airport watching the airplanes land and take off.
Tom speaks several languages fluently, but for his job, he only translates into his native language.
Tom speaks French much better than anyone else.
Tom sounded exhausted.
Tom sounded a little cranky this afternoon.
Tom sort of liked Mary.
Tom soon realized the seriousness of his error.
Tom sometimes wears sunglasses indoors.
Tom sometimes picks his nose in public.
Tom sometimes chews with his mouth open.
Tom solved the puzzle after Mary gave him a few hints.
Tom smiled at himself in the mirror.
Tom slung his bag over his shoulder.
Tom slit open the envelope.
Tom slit his wrists.
Tom slit his own throat.
Tom slipped out the back door.
Tom sleeps with his window open.
Tom slammed the door in Mary's face.
Tom skipped dinner saying he was too tired to eat.
Tom sits in his room all day and does nothing.
Tom sings in a church choir.
Tom signed the contract.
Tom sides with Mary all the time.
Tom shut the door and locked it.
Tom shut his eyes.
Tom showed up at just the right moment.
Tom showed no interest in sports.
Tom showed Mary how to boil water in a paper cup.
Tom showed Mary his baby pictures.
Tom shouldn't say things like that to Mary.
Tom shouldn't expect everyone to like the same kind of music that he does.
Tom should take advantage of this opportunity.
Tom should know exactly how much money we have to spend.
Tom should have told me earlier.
Tom should have plenty of time.
Tom should have married Mary.
Tom should have known better.
Tom should have handled the situation differently.
Tom should have done things differently.
Tom should have been here by now.
Tom should eventually have enough money to buy Mary a diamond ring.
Tom should be here within fifteen minutes.
Tom should be here any minute now.
Tom should be back here by 2:30.
Tom should be able to complete the job quickly.
Tom shot Mary in the knee before he blew her brains out.
Tom shook his head to say no.
Tom shaved his head.
Tom shared his mother's oatmeal cookie recipe with Mary.
Tom shared a room with his brother.
Tom set up a website for Mary.
Tom set the alarm clock to go off 6:00 a.m.
Tom sees a psychiatrist once or twice a month.
Tom seems to really enjoy talking with Mary.
Tom seems to really enjoy being in Boston.
Tom seems to really enjoy being here.
Tom seems to like Japanese food.
Tom seems to have lost his key.
Tom seems to have it in for me.
Tom seems to complain about everything Mary does.
Tom seems to be unwilling to testify against Mary.
Tom seems to be unwilling to tell Mary what happened.
Tom seems to be unwilling to tackle the problem.
Tom seems to be unwilling to spend the time it takes to do a job well.
Tom seems to be unwilling to make a decision.
Tom seems to be unwilling to lower the price.
Tom seems to be unwilling to listen to suggestions.
Tom seems to be unwilling to listen to anything Mary says.
Tom seems to be unwilling to go to the supermarket for his mother.
Tom seems to be unwilling to even consider the possibility that he is wrong.
Tom seems to be unwilling to correct his mistakes.
Tom seems to be unwilling to compromise.
Tom seems to be unwilling to change.
Tom seems to be unwilling to believe that Mary was the one who stole his credit cards.
Tom seems to be unwilling to be a suicide bomber.
Tom seems to be unwilling to acknowledge that Mary is a better swimmer than he is.
Tom seems to be unwilling to accept the bribe we're offering him.
Tom seems to be unwilling to accept our offer.
Tom seems to be unwilling to accept defeat.
Tom seems to be unwilling to accept advice from native speakers who try to help him with his translations.
Tom seems to be depressed this morning.
Tom seems to be coming down with a cold.
Tom seems to be as fit as a fiddle.
Tom seems to be an honest man.
Tom seems to be able to stay thin even though he eats quite a bit.
Tom seems to be a member of a gang.
Tom seems a bit depressed this morning.
Tom seemed to be having trouble opening the door.
Tom scratched his nose.
Tom says this is the best he can do.
Tom says that Mary definitely won't accept the job.
Tom says that Mary definitely wanted to go with us, so we should wait.
Tom says that Mary definitely doesn't want to be married.
Tom says that he's never tried eating dog food.
Tom says that he only swears when it is absolutely necessary.
Tom says that he doesn't remember having made such a promise.
Tom says that he can't sleep unless it's completely dark.
Tom says he's willing to spend as much as $300 on that gizmo you're trying to sell.
Tom says he's tired of trying to keep up with the Joneses.
Tom says he'll be more careful from now on.
Tom says he won't come to our party.
Tom says he will never go there again.
Tom says he will do it whether it's legal or not.
Tom says he wants to learn how to fly an airplane.
Tom says he thinks he could live anywhere.
Tom says he saw a ghost in his house.
Tom says he likes living by himself.
Tom says he has nothing to do with the matter.
Tom says he has never tried eating whale meat.
Tom says he feels much better now.
Tom says he feels like he might throw up.
Tom says he doesn't want to study French.
Tom says he doesn't know why Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom says he doesn't know who Mary is planning on going to the prom with.
Tom says he doesn't know where Mary bought her pearl necklace.
Tom says he doesn't know when Mary was born.
Tom says he doesn't know what Mary wants to do.
Tom says he doesn't know how Mary stays so thin.
Tom says he doesn't feel tired.
Tom says he can't understand how Mary manages to make so much money working only one day a week.
Tom says he can't remember what he and Mary were talking about at that time.
Tom says he can't live with Mary any longer.
Tom says he can't figure Mary out.
Tom says he can't even work in this heat.
Tom says he doesn't mind eating after the children eat.
Tom saw vending machines everywhere when he visited Japan.
Tom saw that movie last summer.
Tom saw some interesting swords at the museum the day before yesterday.
Tom saw Mary waiting at the bus stop.
Tom saw Mary steal John's money.
Tom saw Mary crossing the road.
Tom saw a snake slither across the path.
Tom saw a girl sitting all alone, so he went over to talk to her.
Tom saw a crack in the wall.
Tom sat staring at the tropical fish swimming around in the aquarium in his bedroom.
Tom sat at the bottom of the stairs wondering what he should do next.
Tom said that Mary had to submit a written apology.
Tom said that he thought Mary wouldn't want to visit the place where her father had committed suicide.
Tom said that he thought Mary was still living with her parents.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew why John never seemed to enjoy watching cricket.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew why John had become a policeman.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew who John hoped would win the election.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew where John had found the key she'd lost.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew when John had graduated from Harvard.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew what time John was planning to start cooking.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew how to weld.
Tom said that he thought Mary didn't enjoy the movie.
Tom said that he thought Mary couldn't read without glasses.
Tom said that he needed to give Mary one more warning before he could fire her.
Tom said that he doesn't want to hurt you, but if you come around here again, he'll beat you up.
Tom said that he didn't want to see or speak to anyone.
Tom said that he didn't want to live alone.
Tom said that he didn't want to ever see Mary again.
Tom said that he didn't want to drive.
Tom said that he didn't mean to be rude.
Tom said that he didn't mean to be late.
Tom said that he couldn't vouch for Mary.
Tom said that he couldn't remember the last time he saw a movie.
Tom said that he couldn't possibly eat any more.
Tom said that he couldn't believe it.
Tom said he'd like to spend his next holiday hiking and camping.
Tom said he'd be back before 2:30.
Tom said he was just too tired to do anything else.
Tom said he thought he had forgotten something.
Tom said he thought he could lend Mary some money.
Tom said he needed to get in touch with Mary.
Tom said he needed a day or two to think about it.
Tom said he hadn't seen Mary for a long time.
Tom said he hadn't had a good home-cooked meal for a long time.
Tom said he had to split.
Tom said he had nowhere to go.
Tom said he couldn't make it tonight, but he could make it some other time.
Tom runs faster than anyone else I know.
Tom rinsed off the plates and put them into the dishwasher.
Tom resisted the temptation to lean over and kiss Mary.
Tom resisted the impulse to tell Mary what an idiot she had been.
Tom resisted the impulse to kiss Mary.
Tom resisted smiling.
Tom reported his accident in detail.
Tom removed the lid from the medicine bottle.
Tom removed the lid from the box.
Tom reminded Mary not to forget to flush the toilet.
Tom remembered the rabbits he used to raise.
Tom remembered the last time he had hugged Mary.
Tom remained unmarried all his life.
Tom remained single all his life.
Tom reloaded his gun.
Tom regrets the decision he made late last night.
Tom regrets having introduced Mary to John.
Tom regained his balance.
Tom refuses to take orders from Mary.
Tom refuses to do anything for Mary.
Tom refused to sign his name.
Tom refused to rule out the possibility that his son was still alive.
Tom refused to even consider my suggestion.
Tom recommended this book to me.
Tom really made me feel at home.
Tom really knows how to stay in shape.
Tom really knows how to have a good time.
Tom really enjoyed his meal.
Tom really admired Mary's courage.
Tom realized that he was drowning.
Tom realized that he hadn't paid the bill, so he went back into the restaurant.
Tom realized that he had no money on him.
Tom realized it was time to go.
Tom reads three or four books a month.
Tom reads more books than anyone else I know.
Tom read the entire book in three hours.
Tom ran out of matches so he couldn't light the fire.
Tom ran like crazy to catch up with Mary.
Tom ran as fast as he could.
Tom raised an interesting question at our meeting.
Tom quickly climbed up the tree.
Tom put too much hot sauce on his pizza.
Tom put the thermometer under his arm.
Tom put the thermometer on the wall.
Tom put the thermometer in his mouth.
Tom put our names on the list.
Tom put his valuables in a safe.
Tom put his feet up on the coffee table.
Tom put all his eggs in one basket.
Tom put a piece of dry ice into a cup of water.
Tom pulled his jacket hood over his head.
Tom promised to do everything within his power to ensure that this kind of thing wouldn't happen again.
Tom promised to do everything he could to help me.
Tom promised Mary that he'd turn over a new leaf.
Tom promised Mary that he wouldn't get into trouble.
Tom probably won't want to tag along.
Tom pretended not to know why he was there.
Tom pretended not to know where to go.
Tom pretended not to know what to do.
Tom pretended not to know that what he had done was wrong.
Tom pretended not to know how to get to Mary's school.
Tom pretended not to know anything about the situation.
Tom pretended not to have any money.
Tom pretended not to be afraid.
Tom pretended he was sick.
Tom pretended he was asleep.
Tom pretended he had a gun.
Tom poured milk into the glass and then handed it to Mary.
Tom poured himself a second cup of coffee.
Tom poured himself a glass of milk.
Tom pocketed the money Mary gave him.
Tom pleaded with Mary to stay.
Tom plays the guitar better than anyone else I know.
Tom plays baseball like a pro.
Tom played a few tunes on the piano.
Tom planted some flowers in his yard.
Tom planted some flower seeds in his garden.
Tom plans to go to college next year.
Tom plans to go on a vacation next week.
Tom plans to find out what's going on.
Tom plans to call you right after lunch.
Tom plans to be more careful in the future.
Tom planned to visit Mary the first chance he got.
Tom planned to talk to Mary the first chance he got.
Tom pedaled his bicycle as fast as he could.
Tom passed out because of the heat.
Tom passed away last night.
Tom passed away during the night.
Tom parked in the back of his office building.
Tom parked in one of the empty spaces in front of the library.
Tom parked in his usual spot.
Tom parked his car in front of a fire hydrant even though he knew he shouldn't.
Tom parked his car in an underground parking garage.
Tom parked his car and got out.
Tom parked behind Mary's car.
Tom parked behind his house.
Tom paid a lot of money for that guitar.
Tom owes Mary three hundred dollars.
Tom overheard Mary talking about him.
Tom ought to have known better.
Tom opened the windows to air out the room.
Tom opened the window a crack to let in a bit of fresh air.
Tom opened the trunk to get the spare tire.
Tom opened the trunk and found it empty.
Tom opened the medicine cabinet hoping to find some aspirin.
Tom only takes painkillers when he just can't stand the pain any longer.
Tom only speaks a little French.
Tom only sleeps about five hours a night.
Tom only reads paperback novels.
Tom only listens to punk rock.
Tom only had one pair of socks and they had holes in them.
Tom once ate at an cheap restaurant and got food poisoning, so now he is very careful about where he eats.
Tom omitted a couple of items from the list.
Tom often plays baseball with other boys in his neighborhood.
Tom often leaves dirty dishes in the sink.
Tom often forgets to use his turn signal.
Tom often drinks a little wine after dinner.
Tom often downloads movies.
Tom often brings his work home.
Tom now knows that what he said was the wrong thing to say.
Tom never wanted to talk about it.
Tom never thought he'd be able to do what he just did.
Tom never sings in public.
Tom never seems to have much to say.
Tom never said a word to me about it.
Tom never had an inkling that Mary and John were dating each other.
Tom never gets up early in the morning.
Tom never expects a straight answer from Mary.
Tom neglected his work.
Tom neglected his family.
Tom needs to improve his people skills.
Tom needs to remember this.
Tom needs time to think it over.
Tom needs a little more practice.
Tom needs a good lawyer.
Tom needed some cash.
Tom needed assistance.
Tom nearly had a heart attack when he saw Mary standing on the edge of the roof.
Tom must have spent a fortune.
Tom must have spent a fortune on his new house.
Tom must have pushed the wrong button.
Tom must have heard our voices and escaped.
Tom must have heard about what happened.
Tom must be proud of himself.
Tom moved a bit closer to Mary.
Tom met Mary a couple of years ago.
Tom may talk to Mary if he wants to.
Tom may take all the time he needs.
Tom may have to cancel the picnic.
Tom may have to cancel the party.
Tom may be a few minutes late.
Tom mashed the potatoes with a large fork.
Tom managed to finish writing his report in time.
Tom makes up stories all the time.
Tom makes about fifty phone calls a day.
Tom makes a lot of money translating menus for restaurants.
Tom made the same mistake again.
Tom made some extra money by renting one of his rooms to a college student.
Tom made no comment.
Tom made no attempt to hide the fact that he was in love with Mary.
Tom made no attempt to convince Mary that he was innocent.
Tom made me a cup of hot chocolate.
Tom made it quite clear why we had to have the job finished by 2:30.
Tom made it quite clear who we weren't supposed to talk to.
Tom made it quite clear what he wanted.
Tom made it quite clear what he needed.
Tom made it quite clear what he expected us to do.
Tom made it quite clear what he didn't want us to do.
Tom made his way through the crowd.
Tom made himself a cup of tea.
Tom made good money on that deal.
Tom made a promise to himself that he would never make the same mistake again.
Tom loved Mary, but she didn't love him back.
Tom loved his family very much.
Tom lost the race.
Tom lost the bet.
Tom lost his wallet.
Tom lost his umbrella.
Tom lost his sense of smell.
Tom lost his passport.
Tom lost his house key.
Tom lost his hearing.
Tom lost his glasses.
Tom lost his eyesight.
Tom lost his car key.
Tom lost a contact lens.
Tom looks like his father.
Tom looks like he's too tired to help us right now.
Tom looks like he's a bit tired.
Tom looks like a nervous wreck.
Tom looked out the window at the snow while he was sitting in the hot bath.
Tom looked like he'd slept in his clothes.
Tom looked for his first-aid kit, but couldn't find it.
Tom looked at the thermometer on his dashboard.
Tom looked at the man who had just come in.
Tom looked at the clock on the mantelpiece.
Tom looked as if he'd seen a ghost.
Tom locked the door after he entered his apartment.
Tom locked himself out of his room.
Tom locked himself in his room.
Tom locked himself in his room and won't come out.
Tom lives near a beach, so he goes swimming almost every day in the summer.
Tom lives on the other side of Boston.
Tom lives in Boston.
Tom lives in an apartment not far from my place.
Tom lives in a three-bedroom apartment in downtown Boston.
Tom lives in a small town where nobody locks their doors.
Tom lives in a quiet neighborhood.
Tom lives in a nursing home.
Tom lives alone in a small cabin near a waterfall.
Tom lived just off Route 19.
Tom lived in Australia for quite a few years.
Tom lived in a one-bedroom apartment.
Tom linked to my website from his blog.
Tom likes to take walks in the woods.
Tom likes to stay home and read books on weekends.
Tom likes to skipper small sailboats.
Tom likes to sit on the dock with his feet dangling in the water.
Tom likes to sit on the dock playing his tin whistle while looking at the sunset.
Tom likes to read English subtitles while watching movies in English.
Tom likes to push the limits.
Tom likes to go swimming in the summer.
Tom likes to do things by himself.
Tom likes things the way they are.
Tom likes sitting on the beach in the early morning.
Tom likes singing in the shower.
Tom likes Mary, but she doesn't like him.
Tom likes Mary just the way she is.
Tom likes Japanese food a lot.
Tom likes his spaghetti noodles a little on the hard side.
Tom likes hiking in the woods.
Tom likes eating raw oysters.
Tom liked beautiful women. He also liked expensive wine and fast sports cars.
Tom lied to you about having lived in Boston.
Tom lied to Mary about everything.
Tom lets Mary get away with almost anything.
Tom let the cat out of the bag.
Tom left the water running all night.
Tom left the TV on all night.
Tom left the lights on all night.
Tom left my bag at the hotel.
Tom left his wallet at home.
Tom left his umbrella on the train.
Tom left his keys on the table.
Tom left his briefcase on the subway.
Tom left for school at the break of dawn.
Tom leaned down for a closer look.
Tom lay awake for a long time wondering about what he should do.
Tom lay awake for a long time thinking about Mary.
Tom landed his helicopter on the roof.
Tom laid his keys on the kitchen table.
Tom laid all his cards on the table.
Tom knows where to draw the line.
Tom knows where Mary is staying.
Tom knows what's going to happen.
Tom knows what the problem is.
Tom knows what Mary's car looks like.
Tom knows what he's talking about.
Tom knows more about this kind of thing than Mary does.
Tom knows Mary's in love with John.
Tom knows Mary would never do such a thing.
Tom knows Mary lied.
Tom knows Mary can't resist chocolate ice cream.
Tom knows Mary and John are no longer together.
Tom knows how to ride a horse.
Tom knows how to cook spaghetti.
Tom knows he can always count on Mary.
Tom knows better than to throw rocks at the other children.
Tom knows better than to play with matches.
Tom knows better than to give his real name in chat rooms.
Tom knows better than to do that.
Tom knows all the tricks of the trade.
Tom knows a man whose daughter lives in Boston.
Tom knows a man who speaks French.
Tom knows a lot of stuff about Mary.
Tom knew who the killer was.
Tom knew who the kidnappers were.
Tom knew this was going to happen.
Tom knew that the story wasn't true.
Tom knew that something was on Mary's mind.
Tom knew that Mary wouldn't give up.
Tom knew that Mary wasn't friendly.
Tom knew that Mary kept a key under the doormat.
Tom knew that Mary could be very persuasive.
Tom knew nothing about it.
Tom knew nothing about cooking Chinese food.
Tom knew Mary wouldn't let him down.
Tom knew Mary wasn't happy.
Tom knew it was going to be tough to convince Mary to go to the hospital.
Tom knew it was going to be tough to convince Mary that she was too old to drive.
Tom knew he could count on Mary.
Tom knew a man whose father was a helicopter pilot during the Vietnam War.
Tom kicked the ball really hard.
Tom kept walking until he was too tired to take even one more step.
Tom kept Mary waiting for an hour.
Tom kept Mary waiting for about three hours.
Tom kept his mouth shut.
Tom kept his mouth shut and didn't tell anyone what had happened.
Tom kept his gun pointed at Mary and told her not to move.
Tom kept his end of the bargain.
Tom keeps telling everyone how rich he is.
Tom keeps telling everyone how busy he is.
Tom keeps his tools in the garage.
Tom keeps his tools in a toolbox.
Tom keeps his doors locked at night.
Tom keeps encouraging Mary to do things on her own.
Tom keeps a change of clothes in his office.
Tom just wanted to let Mary know that he wouldn't be able to attend her party.
Tom just wanted some peace and quiet.
Tom just took a chance and called Mary to ask her out.
Tom just sat around and did nothing.
Tom just packed up and left.
Tom just had to accept things the way they were.
Tom just got up and left.
Tom just got home from work.
Tom just got back from work.
Tom just doesn't know what to do.
Tom just couldn't say no to an offer that good.
Tom isn't very good at playing the devil's advocate.
Tom isn't very good at concealing the way he really feels.
Tom isn't very good at concealing his feelings.
Tom isn't used to riding a motorcycle.
Tom isn't used to driving a left-hand drive car.
Tom isn't the type of person who gossips.
Tom isn't the kind of person who is intimidated by anyone or anything.
Tom isn't so gullible.
Tom isn't religious.
Tom isn't quite himself today.
Tom isn't old enough to go to school.
Tom isn't listed in the phone book.
Tom isn't home.
Tom isn't good at telling jokes.
Tom isn't currently working anywhere.
Tom isn't currently in prison.
Tom isn't currently collecting unemployment benefits.
Tom isn't at home.
Tom isn't as rich as people think he is.
Tom isn't as happy as he seems to be.
Tom isn't as bad as Mary thinks he is.
Tom isn't anything like Mary.
Tom isn't able to always brush his teeth after meals.
Tom is worried because he should have heard from Mary by now.
Tom is willing to help us again this time.
Tom is very sleepy and can hardly keep his eyes open.
Tom is very picky about what he eats.
Tom is very perceptive.
Tom is very interested in American history.
Tom is very generous with his time.
Tom is very easy to work with.
Tom is very difficult to deal with.
Tom is very conservative.
Tom is very capable.
Tom is used to making quick decisions.
Tom is up to his ears in debt.
Tom is up for promotion.
Tom is unwilling to accept the fact that he needs help when translating.
Tom is trying to learn a few card tricks.
Tom is too young to peel an apple.
Tom is the smartest man I know.
Tom is the right person for the job.
Tom is the richest man I know.
Tom is the only person who paid on time.
Tom is the most popular boy at school.
Tom is the kind of person who always has to have the last word.
Tom is the fattest man I know.
Tom is the best-looking man I know.
Tom is the best student in our class.
Tom is the best employee we've ever had.
Tom is teaching us French.
Tom is taking good care of himself.
Tom is stingy.
Tom is still young and inexperienced.
Tom is still wet behind the ears.
Tom is so fat he needs two seats on an airplane.
Tom is so fat he can hardly walk.
Tom is saving money for college.
Tom is really interested in Greek mythology.
Tom is really in love with Mary.
Tom is quite often late.
Tom is quite obstinate.
Tom is proud of his son.
Tom is probably with Mary right now.
Tom is probably just a year or two younger than Mary.
Tom is perfectly capable of taking care of himself.
Tom is perfect for the job.
Tom is particular about what he wears.
Tom is particular about what he watches on TV.
Tom is particular about what he eats.
Tom is out.
Tom is opposed to the plan.
Tom is on the board of directors.
Tom is on death row.
Tom is often snockered by 10:00 a.m.
Tom is now cramming for the finals.
Tom is moving in with John next week.
Tom is more handsome than I expected.
Tom is Mary's stepson.
Tom is Mary's stepfather.
Tom is looking forward to taking some time off.
Tom is looking for an easy way to lose weight.
Tom is looking for a way to save money.
Tom is living with his parents.
Tom is like a member of our family.
Tom is just an average-looking guy.
Tom is just a friend, not my boyfriend.
Tom is in the kitchen making tea.
Tom is honest and expects other people to be honest, too.
Tom is his own biggest enemy.
Tom is hesitant to visit Mary in the hospital.
Tom is having trouble dealing with the fact that his father was a mass murderer.
Tom is having trouble coping with the high cost of living.
Tom is happy when he is with Mary.
Tom is happier now that Mary has left.
Tom is going to break up with Mary.
Tom is going steady with Mary.
Tom is going abroad next year.
Tom is glad he isn't in your shoes.
Tom is extremely busy today.
Tom is doing much better than before.
Tom is doing everything within his power to improve the patients quality of life.
Tom is carrying a violin under his arm.
Tom is apparently some kind of genius when it comes to music.
Tom is an extremely good-looking man.
Tom is an authority on the subject.
Tom is able to buy many things he needs at a local discount store.
Tom is a worse liar than Mary.
Tom is a very good friend of mine.
Tom is a very close friend of mine.
Tom is a very capable teacher.
Tom is a stranger in this town.
Tom is a sensitive child.
Tom is a retired air force major.
Tom is a promising young musician.
Tom is a picky eater.
Tom is a nervous wreck.
Tom is a millionaire several times over.
Tom is a hypocrite.
Tom is a good-looking guy, but he's not too friendly.
Tom is a good story teller.
Tom is a good neighbor.
Tom is a friend of a friend.
Tom is a freelance computer programmer.
Tom is a fitness fanatic.
Tom is a failure as a father.
Tom is a couple of inches taller than Mary.
Tom is a complete failure as a father.
Tom is a close relative of mine.
Tom is a close friend of mine.
Tom is a bit conceited.
Tom invited me to go out on his motorboat.
Tom introduced his stepson to Mary's stepdaughter.
Tom introduced himself as Mary's ex-husband.
Tom intends to go, rain or shine.
Tom intends to go regardless of the weather.
Tom intends to go no matter what.
Tom immediately began talking.
Tom hurt his leg and can barely walk.
Tom hurried back into the house.
Tom hung his jacket in the hall closet.
Tom hung his head in shame.
Tom hung his coat in the closet.
Tom hung a calendar on the wall.
Tom hopes what Mary said is true.
Tom hopes to get the results by Thursday.
Tom hopes to get the job done by 2:30.
Tom hopes Mary doesn't get arrested by the police.
Tom hopes Mary doesn't end up in jail.
Tom hopes Mary can come over to his house this afternoon.
Tom hopes it won't snow tomorrow.
Tom hopes it won't rain tomorrow.
Tom hopes it won't be cloudy tomorrow.
Tom hopes he won't be eating leftovers again tonight.
Tom hopes he doesn't become a workaholic like his father.
Tom hid himself under the bed.
Tom helps Mary, but she doesn't help him.
Tom held his breath for a moment.
Tom heated up some leftovers for dinner.
Tom heard this from Mary.
Tom heard the front door slam.
Tom heard Mary's scream.
Tom heard Mary was in the hospital.
Tom heard Mary was a good teacher.
Tom heard Mary just had a baby girl.
Tom heard a rumor that Mary had been arrested.
Tom has never gone rafting down a river.
Tom hates parents who don't control their bratty children.
Tom hates it when Mary asks him to explain the same thing more than once.
Tom hates driving on icy roads.
Tom hated the shoes that Mary was wearing.
Tom hated the idea of leaving Mary alone, but he had to go to work.
Tom hated Mary. He really did.
Tom hasn't washed his hair for two weeks.
Tom hasn't updated the antivirus software on his computer in a long time.
Tom hasn't talked to Mary in years.
Tom hasn't smoked since he was old enough to legally smoke.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since they got divorced.
Tom hasn't seen Mary since then.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in years.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in ages.
Tom hasn't seen Mary in a while.
Tom hasn't said a word all evening.
Tom hasn't played the guitar for years.
Tom hasn't played mahjong in ages.
Tom hasn't painted for years.
Tom hasn't missed any of Mary's concerts.
Tom hasn't missed a single meeting.
Tom hasn't missed a single class.
Tom hasn't had any other girlfriends since Mary.
Tom hasn't done any work.
Tom hasn't come up with a good answer to the problem yet.
Tom hasn't changed his mind and probably never will.
Tom hasn't been very well recently.
Tom hasn't been married long.
Tom hasn't been living here long.
Tom hasn't been in Boston long.
Tom hasn't been here long.
Tom hasn't been bartending long.
Tom hasn't been around much.
Tom hasn't been all that successful.
Tom hasn't been able to get a hold of Mary, even though he's been trying to call her all week.
Tom hasn't been a teacher long.
Tom has written many magazine articles on whales.
Tom has what it takes to succeed.
Tom has what it takes to be successful.
Tom has what it takes to be a good teacher.
Tom has welshed on the agreement.
Tom has trouble standing on one leg.
Tom has trouble dealing with verbal abuse.
Tom has trouble budgeting his time.
Tom has traveled around the world.
Tom has told me that same joke more than ten times.
Tom has to work harder than he used to to make ends meet.
Tom has to leave in a few minutes.
Tom has to have everything his own way.
Tom has to go to court tomorrow.
Tom has to get ready for work.
Tom has to buy some food.
Tom has time to spare.
Tom has thin lips.
Tom has the habit of biting his nails.
Tom has the gift of gab.
Tom has the bad habit of jumping to conclusions.
Tom has something to say to you.
Tom has something on his face.
Tom has something in his right hand.
Tom has something hidden behind his back.
Tom has something he can't wait to show you.
Tom has some very radical ideas.
Tom has some things to take care of.
Tom has some problems to deal with.
Tom has some money stashed away.
Tom has some matters to take care of.
Tom has some clothes that need to be washed.
Tom has recently changed his telephone number.
Tom has recently been learning how to sing a lot of new songs.
Tom has quite a temper.
Tom has only one more night in Boston.
Tom has one foot in the grave.
Tom has nothing to be ashamed of.
Tom has no idea what Mary is thinking.
Tom has nobody to turn to for help.
Tom has nobody to turn to for advice.
Tom has no sense of direction.
Tom has no reason not to trust Mary.
Tom has no reason not to go.
Tom has no qualms about stealing other people's food.
Tom has no plans to go anywhere.
Tom has no intention of going to Mary's wedding.
Tom has no desire to study French.
Tom has no choice in this matter.
Tom has next to nothing in his wallet.
Tom has never visited an Islamic country.
Tom has never seen Mary so angry.
Tom has never seen Mary smile.
Tom has never said such a thing.
Tom has never lived in Boston.
Tom has never kissed Mary.
Tom has never bought frozen apples.
Tom has never been intimidated by anyone or anything.
Tom has never been in a house like Mary's.
Tom has never been in a car like the one Mary owns.
Tom has never been absent from school.
Tom has much more experience than Mary does.
Tom has more than three hundred employees.
Tom has more money than I do.
Tom has more money than he can spend.
Tom has money to spare.
Tom has many things to give away.
Tom has lots of time to do anything he wants.
Tom has lost some weight.
Tom has lost interest in watching TV.
Tom has lived in Boston since then.
Tom has lived in Boston since he was born.
Tom has lived in Boston since last summer.
Tom has known Mary since childhood.
Tom has just installed an alarm system in his house.
Tom has just been released from prison.
Tom has had his leg in a cast for a few weeks now.
Tom has had enough of Mary's complaints.
Tom has had a bad week.
Tom has gotten better at playing the clarinet since I last heard him play.
Tom has gone crazy.
Tom has friends in influential places.
Tom has found a job.
Tom has fond memories of Mary.
Tom has far more experience than Mary.
Tom has enough money to buy any computer in this store. He just needs to decide which one.
Tom has done nothing to be ashamed of.
Tom has difficulty making decisions.
Tom has developed a new system for learning English.
Tom has decided to sell his house.
Tom has changed an awful lot.
Tom has changed a lot since high school.
Tom has been working as a translator ever since he graduated from college.
Tom has been waiting three hours now.
Tom has been trying to learn how to juggle.
Tom has been trying to learn how to brew the perfect cup of coffee.
Tom has been to this park with Mary at least a dozen times.
Tom has been to Boston several times.
Tom has been to Boston a number of times.
Tom has been teaching us French.
Tom has been teaching us French for the past four years.
Tom has been sick in bed for a long time.
Tom has been sick a lot recently.
Tom has been married three times.
Tom has been living alone since Mary died.
Tom has been living abroad for a very long time.
Tom has been in movies and on TV.
Tom has been hunting for a job since he lost his previous job last year.
Tom has been having trouble sleeping recently.
Tom has been growing a beard all summer.
Tom has bad table manners.
Tom has bad breath.
Tom has athlete's foot.
Tom has as much right to be here as Mary does.
Tom has another half an hour of work to do before he can go home.
Tom has an unlisted phone number.
Tom has an overbite.
Tom has an inferiority complex.
Tom has an important decision to make before next Monday.
Tom has already signed up for that class.
Tom has already made up his mind.
Tom has already finished the work that he needed to do.
Tom has already finished his lunch.
Tom has already delivered the package to Mary's house.
Tom has actually never been to Boston.
Tom has a wide circle of friends.
Tom has a whole pile of unpaid parking tickets.
Tom has a way with words.
Tom has a vivid imagination.
Tom has a very stressful job.
Tom has a very bad reputation around town.
Tom has a strong sense of duty.
Tom has a strange sense of humor.
Tom has a split personality.
Tom has a special place in my heart.
Tom has a solution for everything.
Tom has a small cabin on the lakefront.
Tom has a sister named Mary.
Tom has a reservation at this hotel.
Tom has a reputation of never listening to anybody's advice.
Tom has a reputation of never letting anyone else say anything.
Tom has a reputation of never getting things done on time.
Tom has a pretty good idea why Mary isn't here now.
Tom has a pretty good idea who stole his trumpet.
Tom has a pretty good idea who painted graffiti on his wall.
Tom has a pretty good idea who burned his house down.
Tom has a pretty good idea where Mary might be now.
Tom has a pierced ear.
Tom has a picture of Mary in his wallet.
Tom has a party two or three times a year.
Tom has a nasty cut on his leg.
Tom has a lunch date with Mary.
Tom has a lot of work to do this week.
Tom has a lot of stamina.
Tom has a lot of projects in the works.
Tom has a lot of people to see tomorrow morning.
Tom has a lot of experience.
Tom has a long drive ahead of him.
Tom has a large closet in his bedroom.
Tom has a house with a pool.
Tom has a healthy lifestyle.
Tom has a headache.
Tom has a hard time believing anything Mary says.
Tom has a good reason for not telling Mary what she wants to know.
Tom has a good reason for being absent today.
Tom has a good reason for avoiding Mary.
Tom has a good point.
Tom has a good head for numbers.
Tom has a funny way of saying things.
Tom has a few more things to do before he can leave.
Tom has a drawer full of USB cables.
Tom has a dark complexion.
Tom has a criminal record.
Tom has a cousin named Mary.
Tom has a close relationship with Mary.
Tom hardly ever watches TV.
Tom hardly ever studies after 10:00 p.m.
Tom hardly ever listens to the radio.
Tom handed the contract to Mary.
Tom handed the bowl of buttered popcorn to Mary.
Tom handed Mary an energy drink.
Tom handed Mary a beer.
Tom handed in his report.
Tom hailed a cab.
Tom hadn't thought about Mary for days.
Tom hadn't expected Mary to come so early in the morning.
Tom hadn't been prepared for that.
Tom had what looked like a gin and tonic in his hand.
Tom had trouble thinking straight.
Tom had trouble resolving the situation.
Tom had trouble remembering what Mary looked like.
Tom had trouble making friends.
Tom had trouble getting online.
Tom had to write the report all over again.
Tom had to take a detour.
Tom had to stay in the hospital for three weeks.
Tom had to run to catch the bus.
Tom had to run an errand.
Tom had to go to the hospital.
Tom had to go back to Boston.
Tom had to go back the way he'd come.
Tom had to get a cholera shot.
Tom had to do everything himself.
Tom had to admit that Mary was right.
Tom had the whole room to himself.
Tom had the whole campsite to himself.
Tom had the munchies, but since there was nothing in the house to eat, he went to the convenience store not too far from where he lived.
Tom had something he wanted to show Mary.
Tom had something he wanted to say. However, he couldn't fit a word in edgewise.
Tom had something else in mind.
Tom had some very unusual experiences.
Tom had some tricks up his sleeve.
Tom had some really painful memories.
Tom had some problems dealing with Mary.
Tom had several photos of Mary that John had given him.
Tom had several photos of Mary taken with a telephoto lens.
Tom had several photos of Mary hanging on his wall.
Tom had seen Mary with John on more than one occasion before and finally figured out that they were seeing each other.
Tom had plenty of chances to apologize, but he didn't.
Tom had only one chance to get things right.
Tom had nothing to say.
Tom had nothing to eat yesterday.
Tom had nothing to drink yesterday.
Tom had nothing to do, so he went home.
Tom had nothing to do yesterday.
Tom had nothing to do with the theft.
Tom had nothing to do with the kidnapping.
Tom had nothing to do with getting Mary fired.
Tom had no way of knowing that this would happen.
Tom had no way of knowing that the dam wouldn't hold.
Tom had no time to catch his breath.
Tom had no right to do what he did.
Tom had no reason to suspect that Mary was lying.
Tom had no qualms at all about speaking in front of such a large audience.
Tom had no qualms about telling everybody what he thought.
Tom had no qualms about lying.
Tom had no qualms about cheating on the test.
Tom had no options left.
Tom had no one else to turn to.
Tom had no intention of quitting.
Tom had no intention of going there by himself.
Tom had no intention of giving up.
Tom had no intention of giving Mary any money.
Tom had no idea what was going to happen.
Tom had no idea what to do.
Tom had no idea Mary was sick.
Tom had no choice except to accept the consequences.
Tom had no choice but to quit his job.
Tom had no choice but to pay the fine.
Tom had never seen Mary so happy.
Tom had never seen Mary so furious.
Tom had never even heard of that band at that time.
Tom had never before seen Mary with her hair down.
Tom had little formal education.
Tom had lamb chops, potatoes and mushroom soup for dinner.
Tom had jet lag.
Tom had hoped that Mary might consider having dinner with him.
Tom had hoped that he would win the lottery.
Tom had his wisdom teeth taken out by a twenty-four year old dentist.
Tom had his rent money in the wallet he lost.
Tom had his house painted last summer.
Tom had his homework all done by the time his mother got home.
Tom had his hair cut yesterday.
Tom had his fortune told.
Tom had his chauffeur drive Mary to the airport.
Tom had his car stolen last month.
Tom had his car key in his left hand.
Tom had his blood pressure taken.
Tom had heard nothing about the accident.
Tom had good reason to be angry.
Tom had drunk too much coffee so he couldn't sleep.
Tom had been in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Tom had an upset stomach.
Tom had always wanted to climb Mt. Fuji, but until now, had not found the time to do so.
Tom had all of his suits made to order.
Tom had a wonderful time in Boston.
Tom had a very good time.
Tom had a tough week.
Tom had a splinter in his finger, so he asked Mary to help him get it out.
Tom had a share in the profits.
Tom had a scared look on his face.
Tom had a run-in with his boss.
Tom had a rough time last year.
Tom had a queasy feeling in the pit of his stomach.
Tom had a narrow escape from death.
Tom had a lot of respect for Mary.
Tom had a lot of problems at the school.
Tom had a lot of catching up to do.
Tom had a little trouble finding Mary's house.
Tom had a little trouble adjusting the settings.
Tom had a job interview this morning.
Tom had a hunch that Mary was seeing someone else.
Tom had a hunch that Mary was lying.
Tom had a hunch that Mary had spent the day reading comic books.
Tom had a heart tattooed on his arm.
Tom had a heart attack.
Tom had a heart attack last year.
Tom had a hard time raising enough money build the orphanage he'd promised to build.
Tom had a hard time learning how to ride a bicycle.
Tom had a hard time finding work.
Tom had a hard time finding a taxi.
Tom had a good time in Boston.
Tom had a good time at the party.
Tom had a good reason for not going.
Tom had a girlfriend named Mary.
Tom had a date with Mary last night.
Tom had a crush on Mary when he was in junior high school.
Tom had a big fight with Mary.
Tom had a bad dream.
Tom had a bad day.
Tom grows all the vegetables he eats.
Tom grew up speaking both English and French.
Tom grew up in an orphanage.
Tom grew up in a foster home.
Tom grew up around here.
Tom grew to like Mary more and more.
Tom graduated near the top of his class.
Tom graduated from high school in 2009.
Tom graduated from a very elite university.
Tom got used to living in Boston even though he'd grown up in a small town.
Tom got used to ignoring the noise.
Tom got up just before dawn this morning.
Tom got to the airport with only a few minutes to spare.
Tom got to the airport just in the nick of time.
Tom got tired of listening to the kind of music Mary liked.
Tom got there just in the nick of time.
Tom got the job he wanted.
Tom got the ax.
Tom got talked into helping Mary move.
Tom got taken.
Tom got taken to the cleaners.
Tom got sunburned.
Tom got stuck in traffic.
Tom got stuck in a traffic jam.
Tom got straight A's.
Tom got stage fright.
Tom got stabbed in the arm.
Tom got some chewing gum stuck on the bottom of his shoe.
Tom got soap in his eyes.
Tom got sidetracked.
Tom got sick.
Tom got shot.
Tom got shot in the leg.
Tom got shot in the back.
Tom got shot at.
Tom got scolded by the teacher.
Tom got robbed.
Tom got ripped off.
Tom got rid of his old car.
Tom got rid of his old books.
Tom got promoted recently.
Tom got over his cold.
Tom got out of the way.
Tom got out of the hospital.
Tom got out of the bathtub.
Tom got out of prison after 30 years.
Tom got out of cleaning the bathroom.
Tom got out of bed.
Tom got on the elevator.
Tom got on the bus.
Tom got off the plane.
Tom got off the elevator.
Tom got off the bus.
Tom got Mary to take out the garbage.
Tom got Mary to take him to the zoo.
Tom got Mary out of trouble.
Tom got Mary out of a mess.
Tom got lost.
Tom got locked out of his dormitory.
Tom got kicked out of the bar last night.
Tom got kicked out of school.
Tom got into the driver's seat and drove off.
Tom got into bed.
Tom got in the bathtub.
Tom got hurt.
Tom got hit with a golf ball.
Tom got hit by a truck.
Tom got his way.
Tom got his suit altered.
Tom got here an hour before Mary.
Tom got good at tennis.
Tom got good at singing.
Tom got good at programming in JavaScript.
Tom got expelled from school.
Tom got dressed quickly.
Tom got depressed.
Tom got caught speeding.
Tom got caught in a traffic jam.
Tom got burned.
Tom got beaten up.
Tom got back together with Mary.
Tom got angry.
Tom got an A in French.
Tom got a ticket for speeding.
Tom got a tattoo.
Tom got a tan.
Tom got a suntan.
Tom got a speeding ticket.
Tom got a raise.
Tom got a promotion.
Tom got a perfect score.
Tom got a parking ticket yesterday afternoon.
Tom got a little carried away.
Tom got a letter from Mary today.
Tom got a late start this morning.
Tom got a kick out of the way Mary told the story.
Tom got a haircut.
Tom got a good night's sleep.
Tom got a decent grade on the test he took last week.
Tom goes to the local gym to work out.
Tom goes to the barber less than four times a year.
Tom goes to Boston every once in a while.
Tom goes to bed early.
Tom goes to bed at the same time every night.
Tom goes to bed after midnight.
Tom goes jogging every morning, rain or shine.
Tom goes along with whatever Mary says.
Tom gets up at the same time every morning.
Tom gets to do anything he wants to do.
Tom gets tired easily.
Tom gets on my nerves.
Tom gets off work at 5:00.
Tom gets home after 10:00 p.m. every day except Sunday.
Tom gets drunk almost every evening.
Tom gets business advice from Mary and John.
Tom gets angry easily.
Tom gets along fine with Mary's stepfather.
Tom gets along fine with Mary.
Tom generally takes the bus to work.
Tom gave Mary up for dead.
Tom gave Mary the cold shoulder.
Tom gave Mary the benefit of the doubt.
Tom gave Mary some flowers he'd picked.
Tom gave Mary more credit than she deserved.
Tom gave Mary moral support.
Tom gave Mary an engagement ring.
Tom gave Mary a week to think it over.
Tom gave Mary a piece of his mind.
Tom gave Mary a pat on the shoulder.
Tom gave Mary a message.
Tom gave Mary a lift to work.
Tom gave Mary a lift back to her place.
Tom gave Mary a kiss on the cheek.
Tom gave Mary a bad time yesterday.
Tom gave his dog a bath.
Tom gave a speech.
Tom gave a lot of suggestions, but I didn't like any of them.
Tom gave a lot of his old clothes to a homeless man that he met recently.
Tom gained weight over the winter.
Tom frequently waits until the last minute to pay his bills.
Tom found this clock at a garage sale.
Tom found the treasure at the bottom of the lake.
Tom found out Mary was stealing from the cash register.
Tom found out later that the woman he met in the park was Mary.
Tom found Mary fun to talk to.
Tom found it very difficult to breathe.
Tom found it pretty enjoyable just to sit in the sun and listen to music.
Tom found it hard to make a living as a street musician.
Tom found it hard to believe that Mary didn't like him at all.
Tom found it difficult to understand Mary.
Tom found a place where he could play golf for free.
Tom found a picture of Mary and John.
Tom found a part-time job near his home.
Tom found a job that he likes.
Tom found a hundred dollar bill on the street.
Tom found a gun near the garbage can.
Tom found a good restaurant not too far from our campus.
Tom found a few good deals at the flea market.
Tom fought with all his might.
Tom forgot where he put his glasses.
Tom forgot where he put his cell phone.
Tom forgot where he left his umbrella.
Tom forgot to turn off the stove.
Tom forgot to tell Mary what he had planned to tell her.
Tom forgot to sign the check.
Tom forgot to send Mary a Christmas card.
Tom forgot to lock the front door.
Tom forgot to lock his car.
Tom forgot to file his taxes.
Tom forgot to feed his dog.
Tom forgot to do what he was supposed to do.
Tom forgot to bring his camera.
Tom forgot to ask Mary the question that John had asked him to ask.
Tom forgot his appointment.
Tom followed the stream for a couple of kilometers.
Tom followed Mary's instructions.
Tom followed his instincts.
Tom folded the paper before handing it to Mary.
Tom folded his clothes and put them in his suitcase.
Tom flosses his teeth at least three times a week.
Tom floated down the river on a raft.
Tom flipped through the pages of the magazine.
Tom flipped on the dining room light.
Tom flew in from Boston that night.
Tom fixed the roof of his house just yesterday.
Tom fixed the leaky faucet.
Tom first came to Japan when he was three years old.
Tom first came to Boston three years ago.
Tom finished reading that book in one night.
Tom finished off the ice cream that was in the freezer.
Tom finished eating all the ice cream that was in the freezer.
Tom finished cleaning the kitchen and then started cleaning the living room.
Tom finds it really frustrating.
Tom finds it difficult to read small print.
Tom finally solved the puzzle.
Tom filled the wheelbarrow with sand.
Tom filled the sink with water.
Tom filled the bucket with cold water.
Tom filled the bathtub with hot water.
Tom filled the room with cardboard boxes.
Tom filled out the job application form.
Tom filled the box with food.
Tom felt very lonely.
Tom felt uneasy talking to Mary about that matter.
Tom felt that he needed to explain why he was late.
Tom felt that he deserved an explanation.
Tom felt someone touch his arm.
Tom felt someone tap him on the shoulder.
Tom felt responsible for Mary's accident.
Tom felt remorse for what he had done.
Tom felt relieved.
Tom felt persecuted.
Tom felt Mary wasn't being sincere.
Tom felt like he was in over his head.
Tom felt like he could do anything.
Tom felt like going home and left without saying goodbye to anyone.
Tom felt like getting drunk.
Tom felt like a new man.
Tom felt like a million bucks.
Tom felt guilty.
Tom felt great.
Tom felt frustrated.
Tom felt foolish.
Tom felt exhausted after chopping wood all afternoon.
Tom felt confused.
Tom felt comfortable inside his sleeping bag.
Tom felt all alone.
Tom felt a little woozy.
Tom felt a little light-headed.
Tom felt a little dizzy.
Tom felt a cold coming on.
Tom fell off his bicycle.
Tom fell down.
Tom fell down the stairs.
Tom fell asleep with his clothes on.
Tom fell asleep watching TV.
Tom feels very strongly about this.
Tom feels sorry for Mary.
Tom feels exactly the same way as Mary does.
Tom feels a bit under the weather today.
Tom feels a little better after taking the medicine that the doctor prescribed.
Tom feeds table scraps to his dog.
Tom feeds his dog twice a day.
Tom fed the neighbor's cat while they were away.
Tom fastened his seatbelt.
Tom fanned himself with his notebook.
Tom falls in love with every woman he meets.
Tom failed to heed warning signs.
Tom failed English last semester.
Tom faces a dilemma.
Tom explored every possibility.
Tom explained why he was late.
Tom explained the system to Mary.
Tom explained the situation to Mary.
Tom explained the schedule to Mary.
Tom explained the reasons for his decision.
Tom explained the reason he was late to Mary.
Tom explained the purpose of the project to Mary.
Tom explained the project to Mary.
Tom explained the plan to Mary.
Tom explained the circumstances to Mary.
Tom explained it to Mary very carefully.
Tom explained how the system worked.
Tom explained how the ambush would work.
Tom explained everything to Mary.
Tom explained everything that had happened.
Tom expects too much of Mary.
Tom expects to finish the report by next week.
Tom expects Mary to obey him.
Tom expected this to happen.
Tom expected it to cost a lot more.
Tom expected at least a ten percent return on his investment.
Tom eventually found a job that he liked.
Tom eventually figured out how to install a free database application on his computer.
Tom eventually broke down and confessed.
Tom even looked behind the door.
Tom even likes cold pizza.
Tom especially likes going to Italian restaurants.
Tom escaped by the skin of his teeth.
Tom entered the room with his gun drawn.
Tom enlisted in the army when he was 18 year old.
Tom enjoys skydiving and scuba diving.
Tom enjoys a glass of wine every now and then.
Tom enjoyed looking at the paintings hanging on Mary's wall.
Tom ended up marrying Mary after all.
Tom ended up becoming the owner of the company.
Tom encouraged Mary to leave right away.
Tom encouraged Mary to buy a hybrid car.
Tom emptied the water out of the bottle before he refilled it with fresh water.
Tom elbowed his way through the crowd.
Tom eats, sleeps and breathes music.
Tom eats, sleeps and breathes baseball.
Tom eats too much.
Tom eats too much junk food.
Tom eats rice at least once a day.
Tom eats only what he wants to eat.
Tom eats at least three bowls of rice every day.
Tom eats anything Mary puts in front of him.
Tom easily learned the basic rules of the game.
Tom earns three hundred dollars an hour.
Tom dug a hole in his front yard.
Tom drove Mary all over the place.
Tom drove his car off a cliff.
Tom drove his car off a bridge.
Tom dropped out of the tournament.
Tom dropped out of the competition.
Tom dropped out of school.
Tom dropped Mary off at school.
Tom dropped in on Mary last night.
Tom dropped a coin into the beggar's cup.
Tom drives safely.
Tom drives me nuts.
Tom drives like a maniac.
Tom drives a Toyota.
Tom drives a Ford.
Tom drives a BMW.
Tom drives his car to work every day.
Tom drinks more than anyone else I know.
Tom drinks every day.
Tom drinks a lot.
Tom drinks a little.
Tom drifted in and out of sleep.
Tom drifted in and out of a coma.
Tom dried the dishes.
Tom dried his face with a towel.
Tom dressed up as Santa Claus.
Tom dreams of Mary from time to time.
Tom dreamed of becoming a rock star.
Tom dreads going to work tomorrow.
Tom drank too much.
Tom drank Mary under the table.
Tom drank a second cup of coffee and ate another doughnut.
Tom drank a cup of decaf after dinner.
Tom dozed off during the meeting.
Tom doubts what happened today will ever happen again.
Tom doubts Mary's story is true.
Tom doubts if Mary will come tomorrow.
Tom doubts if Mary will come today.
Tom doubted that Mary would call back.
Tom doubled his investment in a year.
Tom donates half his salary to his favorite charity.
Tom doesn't yet know exactly when he'll leave.
Tom doesn't wear pajamas. He sleeps in the nude.
Tom doesn't watch TV very much nowadays.
Tom doesn't want to wear out his welcome.
Tom doesn't want to talk to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to talk about his private life.
Tom doesn't want to take part in the ceremony.
Tom doesn't want to take any chances.
Tom doesn't want to study French, but he has to.
Tom doesn't want to spend the rest of his life in jail.
Tom doesn't want to spend more than $300 for a used motorcycle.
Tom doesn't want to see Mary get hurt.
Tom doesn't want to lose Mary.
Tom doesn't want to look foolish.
Tom doesn't want to lie to Mary.
Tom doesn't want to let Mary go.
Tom doesn't want to let Mary down.
Tom doesn't want to go home.
Tom doesn't want to ever leave Boston.
Tom doesn't want to ever do that again.
Tom doesn't want to do anything but watch TV.
Tom doesn't want to do anything but swim.
Tom doesn't want to clean his room.
Tom doesn't want to break up with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to be involved.
Tom doesn't want to be disappointed.
Tom doesn't want to be around Mary.
Tom doesn't want to argue with you.
Tom doesn't want to argue with Mary.
Tom doesn't want to appear weak.
Tom doesn't want the truth to come out.
Tom doesn't want the same thing to happen here.
Tom doesn't want the same thing to happen again.
Tom doesn't want pity.
Tom doesn't want Mary to go.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get too excited.
Tom doesn't want Mary to get involved.
Tom doesn't want Mary to do what he did.
Tom doesn't want Mary butting in.
Tom doesn't want his son to turn out like me.
Tom doesn't want his picture taken.
Tom doesn't want anything to eat.
Tom doesn't want any trouble.
Tom doesn't want any part of this.
Tom doesn't want a ukulele made of plastic.
Tom doesn't use sunscreen.
Tom doesn't use rinse. He only uses shampoo.
Tom doesn't understand what's going on.
Tom doesn't understand why we're doing this.
Tom doesn't understand what you're talking about.
Tom doesn't understand what you're saying.
Tom doesn't understand what you're driving at.
Tom doesn't understand what you want.
Tom doesn't understand what you said.
Tom doesn't understand the value of saving.
Tom doesn't understand the situation.
Tom doesn't understand that at all.
Tom doesn't understand how that could have happened.
Tom doesn't understand how Mary feels.
Tom doesn't understand how a computer works.
Tom doesn't understand French very well.
Tom doesn't understand any French.
Tom doesn't understand a thing.
Tom doesn't trust what anyone says.
Tom doesn't trust Mary with his children.
Tom doesn't trust Mary with his car.
Tom doesn't trust anyone.
Tom doesn't trust a thing Mary says.
Tom doesn't think you understand me.
Tom doesn't think we can pull this off.
Tom doesn't think this makes any sense.
Tom doesn't think this is such a good idea.
Tom doesn't think this is a coincidence.
Tom doesn't think that's going to happen.
Tom doesn't think that would be the right thing to do.
Tom doesn't think that would be good.
Tom doesn't think that will ever happen.
Tom doesn't think that will do any good.
Tom doesn't think that he needs to use deodorant.
Tom doesn't think that he has anything to do with the matter.
Tom doesn't think Mary's plan is feasible.
Tom doesn't think Mary's French pronunciation is very good.
Tom doesn't think Mary would do what you said she did.
Tom doesn't think Mary should drive home since she's been drinking.
Tom doesn't think Mary is cut out to be a teacher.
Tom doesn't think Mary can live without him.
Tom doesn't think it's such a big problem.
Tom doesn't think it's such a big deal.
Tom doesn't think it's a very good idea to go skinny dipping.
Tom doesn't think it was Mary's fault.
Tom doesn't think it was his fault.
Tom doesn't think I'm interested in what he does.
Tom doesn't think he's ever met you.
Tom doesn't think he's ever met Mary.
Tom doesn't think he is up to the job.
Tom doesn't think he has the time to help you today.
Tom doesn't think he did anything wrong.
Tom doesn't think he can make the deadline.
Tom doesn't think anything bad is ever going to happen.
Tom doesn't talk much.
Tom doesn't talk much about when he was young.
Tom doesn't take his job very seriously.
Tom doesn't spend much time thinking about money.
Tom doesn't spend much time studying.
Tom doesn't spend much time in Boston.
Tom doesn't speak any French.
Tom doesn't sound happy.
Tom doesn't sound convinced.
Tom doesn't seem to have any self-confidence.
Tom doesn't seem to have any luck at all.
Tom doesn't see why Mary needs a new bicycle.
Tom doesn't see anything wrong with letting Mary learn to drive.
Tom doesn't see any reason why he has to go.
Tom doesn't see any reason why he can't go, too.
Tom doesn't remember too much about what happened that day.
Tom doesn't remember the last time he saw Mary.
Tom doesn't remember his password.
Tom doesn't remember doing what everybody says he did.
Tom doesn't really talk about his problems much.
Tom doesn't really seem to understand how to run meetings.
Tom doesn't really listen when Mary is talking to him.
Tom doesn't really like Mary all that much.
Tom doesn't really enjoy translating.
Tom doesn't really enjoy hanging out with Mary.
Tom doesn't quite get it. Could you explain it to him again?
Tom doesn't pay any attention to Mary.
Tom doesn't owe me anything.
Tom doesn't need to worry about a thing. Mary will take care of everything.
Tom doesn't need to know the details.
Tom doesn't need to do that. Mary will do it.
Tom doesn't need to be told that.
Tom doesn't need to apologize. He did nothing wrong.
Tom doesn't need money to have a good time.
Tom doesn't need any more soap. Mary gave him enough to last a lifetime.
Tom doesn't mind walking in the rain.
Tom doesn't mind swimming in the rain.
Tom doesn't mind doing that for you.
Tom doesn't mind cycling in the rain.
Tom doesn't make much money.
Tom doesn't make exceptions for anyone.
Tom doesn't love Mary like he used to.
Tom doesn't look very well. Is he sick?
Tom doesn't look too good today. I wonder what the matter is.
Tom doesn't look much like his father.
Tom doesn't look like John.
Tom doesn't look his age.
Tom doesn't look anything like his brother.
Tom doesn't live too far from the station.
Tom doesn't listen to what Mary says.
Tom doesn't listen to advice.
Tom doesn't like working on an empty stomach.
Tom doesn't like women who wear way too much make up.
Tom doesn't like women who drink a lot.
Tom doesn't like watching violent movies.
Tom doesn't like washing dishes.
Tom doesn't like unsolicited advice.
Tom doesn't like to talk about his work.
Tom doesn't like to repeat himself.
Tom doesn't like to rely on others.
Tom doesn't like to eat where people are smoking.
Tom doesn't like to be indebted to anyone.
Tom doesn't like this kind of movie.
Tom doesn't like this design.
Tom doesn't like this color.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary treats John.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary treats him.
Tom doesn't like the way Mary looks at him.
Tom doesn't like people who don't take their jobs seriously.
Tom doesn't like not being able to control Mary.
Tom doesn't like modern art.
Tom doesn't like Mary's attitude.
Tom doesn't like it when people park in front of his house.
Tom doesn't like it when people cuss in front of his children.
Tom doesn't like it when Mary cracks her knuckles.
Tom doesn't like greasy food such as spareribs.
Tom doesn't like girls like Mary.
Tom doesn't like discussing his work with Mary.
Tom doesn't like controversy.
Tom doesn't like being told what to do.
Tom doesn't like being the first one to show up at any party.
Tom doesn't like any kind of spicy food.
Tom doesn't like any kind of raw fish.
Tom doesn't know why Mary called him.
Tom doesn't know why it happened.
Tom doesn't know why I called you.
Tom doesn't know who's who.
Tom doesn't know who he can trust anymore.
Tom doesn't know where to start.
Tom doesn't know where to look.
Tom doesn't know where to begin.
Tom doesn't know where Mary is right now.
Tom doesn't know when it happened.
Tom doesn't know what's in store for him.
Tom doesn't know what'll happen.
Tom doesn't know what went wrong.
Tom doesn't know what to expect.
Tom doesn't know what to do first.
Tom doesn't know what this is called in English.
Tom doesn't know what Mary meant.
Tom doesn't know what Mary expects from him.
Tom doesn't know what I'm going to do.
Tom doesn't know what he's talking about.
Tom doesn't know what he'll do.
Tom doesn't know what he should do.
Tom doesn't know what he did to make Mary so angry.
Tom doesn't know what got into Mary.
Tom doesn't know what else to do.
Tom doesn't know where he was born.
Tom doesn't know the half of it.
Tom doesn't know the first thing about fishing.
Tom doesn't know the details.
Tom doesn't know squat about Mary.
Tom doesn't know much about pottery.
Tom doesn't know much about music.
Tom doesn't know much about his neighbors.
Tom doesn't know Mary very well.
Tom doesn't know if Mary likes him.
Tom doesn't know if Mary is dead or alive.
Tom doesn't know if he will come or not.
Tom doesn't know I'm here.
Tom doesn't know how to say what he wants to say in English.
Tom doesn't know how to take a hint.
Tom doesn't know how to ski.
Tom doesn't know how to sit still.
Tom doesn't know how to have fun.
Tom doesn't know how to express his feelings.
Tom doesn't know how to explain it.
Tom doesn't know how to dance.
Tom doesn't know how to be quiet.
Tom doesn't know how it happened.
Tom doesn't know his own strength.
Tom doesn't know exactly how that happened.
Tom doesn't know anything about the situation.
Tom doesn't know anything about raising children.
Tom doesn't know anything about it.
Tom doesn't know anything about Australia.
Tom doesn't know any French.
Tom doesn't know a thing about investing.
Tom doesn't know a thing about fishing.
Tom doesn't know a thing about cooking.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be the boss.
Tom doesn't have what it takes to be a race car driver.
Tom doesn't have to worry. Nothing bad's going to happen.
Tom doesn't have to tell me. I already know.
Tom doesn't have to stay here.
Tom doesn't have to pay anything.
Tom doesn't have to go anywhere.
Tom doesn't have to explain himself to me.
Tom doesn't have to do that.
Tom doesn't have time to talk to you now.
Tom doesn't have time to help you.
Tom doesn't have time right now to talk to anyone.
Tom doesn't have time right now to help you.
Tom doesn't have the ability to finish the job by himself.
Tom doesn't have that kind of money.
Tom doesn't have much time to waste.
Tom doesn't have much time left.
Tom doesn't have much of an appetite.
Tom doesn't have much free time.
Tom doesn't have much energy today.
Tom doesn't have many clothes. That's why you always see him wearing the same thing.
Tom doesn't have long to live.
Tom doesn't have it all figured out yet.
Tom doesn't have anything to eat.
Tom doesn't have any credit cards.
Tom doesn't have any confidence in himself.
Tom doesn't have any cash on hand.
Tom doesn't have a say in that matter.
Tom doesn't have a penny to his name.
Tom doesn't have a lot of freedom.
Tom doesn't have a leg to stand on.
Tom doesn't have a job.
Tom doesn't have a house to live in.
Tom doesn't have a fever.
Tom doesn't have a dollar to his name.
Tom doesn't have a date for the Saturday night.
Tom doesn't have a computer.
Tom doesn't have a clue.
Tom doesn't have a choice.
Tom doesn't go to work on Sunday.
Tom doesn't give advice lightly.
Tom doesn't get invited to many parties.
Tom doesn't get along with the man who lives next door.
Tom doesn't feel up to going out today.
Tom doesn't feel like studying.
Tom doesn't feel like eating.
Tom doesn't feel like cooking.
Tom doesn't even talk to Mary anymore.
Tom doesn't even know what you are talking about.
Tom doesn't even know I exist.
Tom doesn't enjoy family gatherings very much.
Tom doesn't eat fish.
Tom doesn't eat breakfast.
Tom doesn't eat between meals.
Tom doesn't drink much.
Tom doesn't drink alcoholic drinks at all.
Tom doesn't do drugs.
Tom doesn't care who Mary goes out with.
Tom doesn't care whether Mary does her homework or not.
Tom doesn't care what other people think.
Tom doesn't care what other people say about him.
Tom doesn't care what Mary thinks.
Tom doesn't care what Mary does or doesn't do.
Tom doesn't care what happens tomorrow.
Tom doesn't care what happens to Mary.
Tom doesn't care one way or the other.
Tom doesn't care for Japanese food.
Tom doesn't care about what other people think.
Tom doesn't care about his grades.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for getting angry.
Tom doesn't blame Mary for being mad.
Tom doesn't belong here.
Tom doesn't believe most of what Mary says.
Tom doesn't believe Mary did what John said she did.
Tom doesn't believe a word of what Mary just said.
Tom doesn't approve of the way Mary's been behaving.
Tom doesn't appear to be very religious.
Tom doesn't agree with you.
Tom doesn't agree with what Mary said.
Tom doesn't know anything about classical music.
Tom does what he's told.
Tom does what he wants.
Tom does what he says he'll do.
Tom does weight training.
Tom does volunteer work.
Tom does things in his own way.
Tom does the dishes as soon as he finishes eating.
Tom does quality work.
Tom does only what he wants to do.
Tom does nothing but complain.
Tom does most of the work by himself.
Tom does little other than play the guitar.
Tom does impersonations of famous people.
Tom does good work.
Tom does excellent work.
Tom does everything he can to save money.
Tom does basically the same thing as Mary does.
Tom does all of his studying at night.
Tom does a lot of volunteer work.
Tom disguised himself as a priest.
Tom discussed his plans with Mary.
Tom discovered two dead bodies in his basement.
Tom discovered that Mary was in trouble and went to help her.
Tom disappeared.
Tom disagrees with you on that point.
Tom died of old age.
Tom died of cancer.
Tom died of a heart attack.
Tom died of a drug overdose.
Tom died during his stay in Boston.
Tom died at the age of thirty.
Tom died a natural death.
Tom died a couple of years ago.
Tom didn't work as hard as Mary did.
Tom didn't watch much television when he was younger.
Tom didn't want to work overtime on Christmas Eve.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary that her son was dead.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary that he had lost all her money.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary his life story.
Tom didn't want to tell Mary about what had happened.
Tom didn't want to talk about that over the phone.
Tom didn't want to talk about it.
Tom didn't want to take any chances.
Tom didn't want to spend too much time discussing that.
Tom didn't want to marry Mary.
Tom didn't want to marry a woman who wanted children.
Tom didn't want to make any assumptions.
Tom didn't want to make a fool of himself.
Tom didn't want to live in the cave anymore, but he had no choice.
Tom didn't want to let Mary into his house.
Tom didn't want to know about my problems.
Tom didn't want to impose on Mary.
Tom didn't want to hear about all of Mary's problems, but he sat quietly and listened.
Tom didn't want to go back to where he was born.
Tom didn't want to give up on the plan.
Tom didn't want to embarrass Mary.
Tom didn't want to bother Mary while she was studying.
Tom didn't want to answer the question.
Tom didn't want Mary to work.
Tom didn't want Mary to think he was a wimp.
Tom didn't want Mary to think he was a fool.
Tom didn't want Mary to know.
Tom didn't want Mary to know he was rich.
Tom didn't want Mary to come here.
Tom didn't want Mary to call him all the time.
Tom didn't want anyone to know that he was deeply in debt.
Tom didn't want any of his friends to know that he was a drug dealer.
Tom didn't volunteer to be a guinea pig.
Tom didn't utter a single word.
Tom didn't understand what Mary really meant.
Tom didn't understand what Mary just said.
Tom didn't understand the question.
Tom didn't understand exactly what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didn't understand a word Mary said.
Tom didn't trust Mary as much as she trusted him.
Tom didn't trust Mary and she didn't trust him.
Tom didn't touch his lunch.
Tom didn't think you would like the idea.
Tom didn't think the rain would last so long.
Tom didn't think that would ever happen.
Tom didn't think that anyone would recognize him.
Tom didn't think of that.
Tom didn't think Mary's joke was funny at all.
Tom didn't think it was likely that Mary was still at home.
Tom didn't think he was violating any laws.
Tom didn't think he was committing a crime.
Tom didn't think he needed a bodyguard.
Tom didn't think he had the stomach to tell Mary what needed to be done.
Tom didn't think he had enough money in his wallet to pay the bill.
Tom didn't think he had a chance to succeed, but he at least wanted to give it a shot.
Tom didn't think he could trust Mary.
Tom didn't think he could pass the test without cheating.
Tom didn't tell me anything at all.
Tom didn't tell Mary the whole truth.
Tom didn't tell Mary the whole story.
Tom didn't tell Mary the truth.
Tom didn't tell Mary how much money he'd spent.
Tom didn't tell Mary everything.
Tom didn't tell anybody about what happened until he was thirty.
Tom didn't take part in the marathon.
Tom didn't take Mary too seriously.
Tom didn't specify what he wanted.
Tom didn't so much as say goodbye.
Tom didn't sleep very well last night.
Tom didn't show up for work today.
Tom didn't see the stop sign.
Tom didn't see any familiar faces at the party.
Tom didn't say where he was going.
Tom didn't say that.
Tom didn't say much.
Tom didn't say anything at all.
Tom didn't say a word.
Tom didn't remember to send Mary a birthday card.
Tom didn't remember asking Mary for help.
Tom didn't receive any money for his work.
Tom didn't really expect Mary to answer his question.
Tom didn't really enjoy studying French.
Tom didn't realize Mary was so rich.
Tom didn't quite know what Mary meant.
Tom didn't notice the mud on his shoes.
Tom didn't notice the bullet holes in the wall.
Tom didn't need to look at the menu because he'd been to that restaurant many times before.
Tom didn't need any help.
Tom didn't miss his umbrella till he got home.
Tom didn't mention seeing Mary.
Tom didn't mean to step on Mary's toes.
Tom didn't mean to say what he said.
Tom didn't mean to offend Mary.
Tom didn't mean to make Mary angry.
Tom didn't mean to kill Mary.
Tom didn't mean to hurt anybody.
Tom didn't mean to cause Mary any trouble.
Tom didn't mean to be so late.
Tom didn't mean for this to happen.
Tom didn't mean any harm.
Tom didn't marry Mary.
Tom didn't make the deadline.
Tom didn't make his position clear.
Tom didn't make himself clear.
Tom didn't love Mary as much as she loved him.
Tom didn't look happy to see me.
Tom didn't look happy at all.
Tom didn't live up to his end of the bargain.
Tom didn't listen to what I said.
Tom didn't like the idea of Mary going out with John.
Tom didn't like Mary and she didn't like him.
Tom didn't lift a finger to help.
Tom didn't let on that he knew about the surprise party.
Tom didn't know who to believe.
Tom didn't know who Mary was at first.
Tom didn't know what was happening.
Tom didn't know what was going on.
Tom didn't know what Mary would like.
Tom didn't know what Mary meant.
Tom didn't know what he was doing.
Tom didn't know what else to say.
Tom didn't know what else to do.
Tom didn't know the gun was loaded.
Tom didn't know the deadline was today.
Tom didn't know that the bridge was closed.
Tom didn't know that Mary's house was so close to John's.
Tom didn't know that Mary was interested in classical music.
Tom didn't know that Mary was a high school student.
Tom didn't know that Mary understood French.
Tom didn't know that Mary liked to cook.
Tom didn't know that Mary had already bought bread.
Tom didn't know that he shouldn't believe everything Mary said.
Tom didn't know that he had a secret admirer.
Tom didn't know Mary would be there.
Tom didn't know Mary was so funny.
Tom didn't know Mary spoke French so fluently.
Tom didn't know Mary had a brother.
Tom didn't know Mary could sing so well.
Tom didn't know Mary cared.
Tom didn't know it was already after 2:30.
Tom didn't know how to translate the word "computer" because the people he was talking to had never seen one.
Tom didn't know how to thank Mary.
Tom didn't know how to respond to Mary.
Tom didn't know how to reply.
Tom didn't know how to read music.
Tom didn't know how to react.
Tom didn't know how to answer Mary.
Tom didn't know exactly what was expected of him.
Tom didn't know exactly what it was that Mary wanted him to do.
Tom didn't know anything about what was happening.
Tom didn't intend to cause Mary any trouble.
Tom didn't hesitate at all.
Tom didn't hear Mary enter the room.
Tom didn't have to yell at me.
Tom didn't have to tell Mary, but he did.
Tom didn't have to say it so rudely.
Tom didn't have to rub it in.
Tom didn't have to eat that if he didn't want to.
Tom didn't have to do that.
Tom didn't have to be so rude.
Tom didn't have time for breakfast.
Tom didn't have the nerve to show up.
Tom didn't have the nerve to not show up.
Tom didn't have the heart to tell Mary what had happened to her dog.
Tom didn't have the heart to refuse Mary's request.
Tom didn't have the courage to try sky diving.
Tom didn't have the courage to speak to Mary.
Tom didn't have the courage to admit that he had made a mistake.
Tom didn't have on his shoes.
Tom didn't have much time for studying.
Tom didn't have lunch.
Tom didn't have enough time to do anything else.
Tom didn't have enough change to buy a drink from the vending machine.
Tom didn't have anything to worry about.
Tom didn't have anything to say.
Tom didn't have anything to say to Mary.
Tom didn't have any reason why he couldn't go.
Tom didn't have any reason not to believe Mary.
Tom didn't have any of the details.
Tom didn't have any idea what Mary meant.
Tom didn't have any hard evidence, but he thought Mary was the one who stole his mother's diamond ring.
Tom didn't go, and neither did Mary.
Tom didn't go to school.
Tom didn't go to school yesterday because he didn't want to.
Tom didn't give up.
Tom didn't give me a chance to talk to him.
Tom didn't get what he bargained for.
Tom didn't get up before six.
Tom didn't get to eat any ice cream at the party.
Tom didn't get it.
Tom didn't get anything done today.
Tom didn't get angry with Mary.
Tom didn't get along with Mary too well.
Tom didn't get a chance to thank Mary for all her help.
Tom didn't follow Mary's advice.
Tom didn't feel very confident.
Tom didn't feel up to going out.
Tom didn't feel that he was ready.
Tom didn't feel like talking.
Tom didn't feel like studying at all.
Tom didn't feel like sitting for two hours in a movie theater.
Tom didn't feel anything.
Tom didn't expect to win the race.
Tom didn't expect to sell his old car for so much money.
Tom didn't expect to see Mary here.
Tom didn't expect to hear Mary's voice.
Tom didn't expect to get a raise.
Tom didn't expect to fall in love with Mary.
Tom didn't expect to be appointed chairman.
Tom didn't expect the meeting to last so long.
Tom didn't expect Mary to be so friendly.
Tom didn't expect anything from Mary.
Tom didn't expect any help from Mary.
Tom didn't exactly say yes.
Tom didn't even try to understand.
Tom didn't even step out of the house yesterday.
Tom didn't even know who Mary was.
Tom didn't even know where to start.
Tom didn't even know that Mary was a doctor.
Tom didn't even know Mary had left.
Tom didn't even know how to write his own name.
Tom didn't do well enough on the driver's test to get a driver's license.
Tom didn't do so well on his test.
Tom didn't do anything.
Tom didn't do anything wrong.
Tom didn't do anything illegal.
Tom didn't do anything for a while.
Tom didn't do a very good job cleaning the kitchen floor. It's still dirty.
Tom didn't dare to look at Mary.
Tom didn't cut Mary any slack.
Tom didn't consider Mary's feelings at all.
Tom didn't come to school today because he had to go to a funeral.
Tom didn't come home last night. I hope he's OK.
Tom didn't bring the matter up at the meeting this morning.
Tom didn't bother to listen to Mary's advice.
Tom didn't believe Mary.
Tom didn't ask Mary anything.
Tom didn't ask for our opinions.
Tom didn't ask for Mary's help.
Tom didn't answer the question.
Tom didn't like the concert very much.
Tom did weight training at a local gym.
Tom did time for armed robbery.
Tom did the laundry before lunch.
Tom did the best he could.
Tom did the best he could do.
Tom did some work for Mary a few years back.
Tom did really well on the exam.
Tom did okay on the test.
Tom did many of the experiments himself.
Tom did it your way.
Tom did it with the best of intentions.
Tom did it out of a sense of justice.
Tom did it much better the second time around.
Tom did it for no particular reason.
Tom did it as you suggested.
Tom did it as a publicity stunt.
Tom did his own research.
Tom did his best to protect Mary.
Tom did his best to keep temper under control.
Tom did his best to help Mary learn French.
Tom did his best to find a reason to stay.
Tom did his best to avoid making eye contact with Mary.
Tom did fairly well on the test he took yesterday.
Tom did exactly as Mary told him to do.
Tom did everything within his power to save the children that were trapped in the burning building.
Tom did everything within his power to keep Mary from being elected president of the student council.
Tom did everything by himself.
Tom did better than I expected.
Tom did as you suggested.
Tom did all he could.
Tom did a lot of laundry today.
Tom did a good job proofreading my paper.
Tom did a good job proofreading Mary's rough draft.
Tom did a good job predicting who would win the election.
Tom did a good job planning the party.
Tom did a good job organizing the workers.
Tom diced the carrots and added them to the stew.
Tom dialed the wrong number.
Tom devoted his whole life to studying sharks.
Tom devoted his whole life to public service.
Tom devoted his life to helping the poor.
Tom developed a taste for French wine.
Tom deserves to take a few days off.
Tom deserves the salary we pay him.
Tom deserves admiration.
Tom deserves a vacation.
Tom deserves a reward.
Tom deserves a pat on the back.
Tom deserved the punishment he got.
Tom deserted his wife and family.
Tom described how he was able to escape from the locked room.
Tom described his new invention to both John and Mary.
Tom deposited some money in his savings account just yesterday.
Tom depended on Mary to help him.
Tom denied the rumor.
Tom denied the accusation.
Tom denied that he had done what he was accused of doing.
Tom denied that anything had happened.
Tom demonstrated the company's newest product to the crowd.
Tom demonstrated how to core an apple.
Tom demanded to know why Mary didn't come.
Tom demanded to know why he hadn't been told about the changes.
Tom demanded an explanation.
Tom demanded that we leave at once.
Tom definitely won't work for less than $300 an hour.
Tom definitely wants to become a doctor.
Tom definitely thinks it's true.
Tom definitely thinks all the girls in the class think he's handsome.
Tom definitely should have gotten the death sentence.
Tom definitely seems to be interested in Mary.
Tom definitely overestimates his own ability.
Tom definitely needs to be a bit more sociable.
Tom definitely meant what he said.
Tom definitely looks younger than Mary.
Tom definitely knows that he shouldn't be doing that.
Tom definitely knows how to ride a horse.
Tom definitely knows his stuff.
Tom definitely has the confidence to be our leader.
Tom definitely has the ability to be the boss.
Tom definitely has our support.
Tom definitely has control of this company.
Tom definitely has a future in our company.
Tom definitely had problems with his oldest son.
Tom definitely had enough time to get the job done.
Tom definitely got a raw deal.
Tom definitely earns more money than Mary does.
Tom definitely doesn't want to be class president.
Tom declined to comment on the matter.
Tom decided to use Mary's computer even though she had told him not to.
Tom decided to upload the video he took to YouTube.
Tom decided to try trimming his beard with a knife, but he wasn't very successful.
Tom decided to try sleeping without a pillow.
Tom decided to tell Mary everything.
Tom decided to take a day off.
Tom decided to step back and allow Mary to handle things for a while.
Tom decided to start his own business.
Tom decided to snoop around and see what he could find out.
Tom decided to send Mary to a private school.
Tom decided to sell one of his cars to Mary.
Tom decided to say nothing until everyone else had given their opinions.
Tom decided to run for class president.
Tom decided to redesign his website.
Tom decided to postpone the meeting.
Tom decided to postpone the decision.
Tom decided to marry Mary even though his parents didn't want him to.
Tom decided to make it up to Mary.
Tom decided to give up city life and live in the country.
Tom decided to leave work early.
Tom decided to learn to live with the problem.
Tom decided to learn all he could about computers.
Tom decided to lay low for a few days.
Tom decided to just kick back and relax.
Tom decided to go on a diet and lose some weight.
Tom decided to go ahead let Mary have her way.
Tom decided to go ahead and ask Mary the question he had been wanting to ask.
Tom decided to give up trying to keep up with Mary.
Tom decided to give up skateboarding after his accident.
Tom decided to give up playing guitar professionally.
Tom decided to follow the advice he'd received.
Tom decided to enter the competition.
Tom decided to enlist in the army.
Tom decided to drop out of school and work full-time.
Tom decided to delete his email address from every page on his website.
Tom decided to become a vegetarian.
Tom decided that we should put the canoe inside the house until the storm passed.
Tom decided that it wouldn't be sensible to try to cross the old rope bridge.
Tom decided that it wouldn't be much fun to go camping alone.
Tom decided that it wouldn't be beneficial to study French.
Tom decided that it would be fun to try paragliding.
Tom decided that it would be fun to go camping with John and Mary.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to take vitamins.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to take the medicine the doctor had given him.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to pay that bill today.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to paint the ceiling.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to go into the office today.
Tom decided that it wasn't necessary to deal with that problem this afternoon.
Tom decided that he wouldn't tell Mary anything about the incident.
Tom decided that he would have to visit Mary before the end of the month.
Tom decided that he would have to help Mary buy some groceries.
Tom decided that he wanted to live in Boston.
Tom decided that he shouldn't stay any longer.
Tom decided not to leave home until he was a little older.
Tom decided not to tell Mary about what John had done.
Tom decided not to talk about the war.
Tom decided not to discuss religion.
Tom decided it wasn't his job to tell Mary about what John had done.
Tom decided it was up to him to make the final decision.
Tom decided it was time to try calling Mary again.
Tom decided it was time to learn how to dance.
Tom decided it was time to go to sleep.
Tom decided it was time to go home.
Tom decided he was too old for rock climbing.
Tom dashed off a note to Mary.
Tom dabbles in the stock market.
Tom cut the cake with the new knife Mary had given him.
Tom cut the apple in half.
Tom cut off Mary's head.
Tom cut off a piece of meat and put it on his plate.
Tom cut Mary's hair.
Tom cut his finger with a knife.
Tom cut his finger and it's bleeding pretty badly.
Tom cut himself with a sharp knife.
Tom cut himself shaving.
Tom cut himself on some broken glass.
Tom cut an interesting article out of the newspaper.
Tom currently works for his father's company.
Tom currently teaches English in Japan.
Tom currently plays first trumpet in his high school band.
Tom currently manages a hotel not too far from here.
Tom currently lives with his uncle.
Tom currently lives alone in a small apartment.
Tom currently holds the school record for the 100 yard dash.
Tom currently has ten people working for him.
Tom currently goes to college in Boston.
Tom currently faces charges of aggravated assault.
Tom currently doesn't make as much money as he used to.
Tom currently doesn't have a job.
Tom currently doesn't have a girlfriend.
Tom crossed the lawn to the front door.
Tom criticized Mary in front of everyone.
Tom cringed when he saw Mary walk into the room.
Tom cried himself to sleep.
Tom cried for an hour.
Tom crammed everything into his suitcase.
Tom covered the table with the new tablecloth he'd just bought.
Tom covered the distance in three hours.
Tom covered his mouth when he sneezed.
Tom covered for you while you were in the hospital.
Tom counted on Mary's help.
Tom couldn't wait until the weekend.
Tom couldn't unlock the door because he had the wrong key.
Tom couldn't understand why she wanted to learn French.
Tom couldn't understand why no one else wanted to go to the zoo.
Tom couldn't understand why no one else seemed to be happy.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary refused to even listen to him.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary wasn't very good at cooking.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary was so angry.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary never came to visit him.
Tom couldn't understand why Mary had made that decision.
Tom couldn't understand why his company's products weren't selling well.
Tom couldn't understand what the purpose of the mission was.
Tom couldn't understand what Mary was trying to say.
Tom couldn't understand what Mary meant.
Tom couldn't think of right words to say.
Tom couldn't think of Mary without remembering how painful their breakup had been.
Tom couldn't think of anything else to try.
Tom couldn't think of any reasons why Mary wouldn't want to go.
Tom couldn't think about anything else.
Tom couldn't tell what the problem was.
Tom couldn't tell the two twins apart.
Tom couldn't tell one twin from the other.
Tom couldn't talk about his ordeal with anyone.
Tom couldn't suppress his anger.
Tom couldn't stop yawning.
Tom couldn't stop thinking about Mary.
Tom couldn't stop sneezing.
Tom couldn't stop hiccuping.
Tom couldn't stay awake during class.
Tom couldn't stand Mary not knowing what had happened.
Tom couldn't spell very well.
Tom couldn't speak a word of French when he first arrived in France.
Tom couldn't sneak out of the dorm without being seen.
Tom couldn't sleep because the neighbor's dog barked all night.
Tom couldn't sleep because he had a bad headache.
Tom couldn't sleep at all because it was so hot.
Tom couldn't sleep a wink last night.
Tom couldn't seem to put Mary at ease.
Tom couldn't seem to get Mary to stop crying.
Tom couldn't say what he wanted to say.
Tom couldn't say for sure where the kidnappers had taken him.
Tom couldn't say for sure when he'd come back.
Tom couldn't say anything that would make Mary quit crying.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility that someone had lit his house on fire.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility that Mary didn't like him.
Tom couldn't rule out the possibility that he was mistaken.
Tom couldn't restrain his anger.
Tom couldn't resist peeking through the keyhole.
Tom couldn't remember where he had been on that night.
Tom couldn't relax at home with his children running around the house.
Tom couldn't recall the details.
Tom couldn't quite make out what the sign said.
Tom couldn't put his thoughts in order.
Tom couldn't put his feelings into words.
Tom couldn't possibly have known what was going on.
Tom couldn't possibly have known that Mary was the one who got him fired.
Tom couldn't possibly have hit Mary.
Tom couldn't possibly have done what you claimed he did.
Tom couldn't persuade Mary to stay.
Tom couldn't persuade his classmates to change their minds about postponing the dance.
Tom couldn't make a living as a musician.
Tom couldn't keep lying to Mary. He felt he just had to tell her the truth.
Tom couldn't keep himself from laughing.
Tom couldn't keep from smiling.
Tom couldn't just sit by and watch Mary being bullied.
Tom couldn't identify what was wrong.
Tom couldn't help smiling.
Tom couldn't help overhearing what Mary said to John.
Tom couldn't help laughing.
Tom couldn't help himself.
Tom couldn't help but wonder if everybody was safe.
Tom couldn't help but feel sentimental.
Tom couldn't help but feel sad.
Tom couldn't help but feel happy.
Tom couldn't help but be impressed.
Tom couldn't hear what the teacher was saying because all of the other students were making so much noise.
Tom couldn't have done it without Mary.
Tom couldn't have done it alone.
Tom couldn't have done anything to prevent the accident.
Tom couldn't have done any better.
Tom couldn't have been more wrong.
Tom couldn't have been more helpful.
Tom couldn't hack into that website.
Tom couldn't go on the picnic with us today because he had an important business meeting.
Tom couldn't go anywhere without his dog.
Tom couldn't get to sleep till after three last night.
Tom couldn't get to sleep last night.
Tom couldn't get to sleep because he had drunk too much coffee after supper.
Tom couldn't get past the guard.
Tom couldn't get Mary off his mind.
Tom couldn't get his hands on everything he needed.
Tom couldn't get any work done because his children kept interrupting him.
Tom couldn't forget Mary even if he wanted to.
Tom couldn't fit into the pants he wore last summer.
Tom couldn't find what he was looking for.
Tom couldn't find his hometown on the map.
Tom couldn't find a place to park.
Tom couldn't find a parking place.
Tom couldn't feel a thing.
Tom couldn't even answer the simple questions.
Tom couldn't eat the whole sandwich.
Tom couldn't do what he wanted to.
Tom couldn't do something like that.
Tom couldn't do anything about the problem.
Tom couldn't do anything about it.
Tom couldn't discuss the problem with anybody but Mary.
Tom couldn't decide who to assign the job to.
Tom couldn't decide who should get promoted.
Tom couldn't decide where to plant the tree.
Tom couldn't decide where to eat.
Tom couldn't decide what to eat.
Tom couldn't decide what to buy.
Tom couldn't decide what CD to listen to.
Tom couldn't decide what book to read.
Tom couldn't control his emotions.
Tom couldn't control himself.
Tom couldn't contain his anger.
Tom couldn't concentrate on his work.
Tom couldn't conceal the truth from Mary.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that what Mary said was true.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that Mary had killed herself.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that he was going to get drafted.
Tom couldn't completely rule out the possibility that he might be laid off from work.
Tom couldn't catch up with the other students after he came out of his coma.
Tom couldn't care less what Mary thinks.
Tom couldn't bring himself to scold Mary.
Tom couldn't bring himself to pull the trigger.
Tom couldn't bribe Mary. However, he tried.
Tom couldn't blame Mary for saying what she did.
Tom couldn't believe what Mary told him.
Tom couldn't believe what Mary said.
Tom couldn't believe what he was hearing.
Tom couldn't believe that Mary had tricked him.
Tom couldn't believe that he'd ever be able to play the guitar.
Tom couldn't believe it was already time to go home.
Tom couldn't believe how ugly Mary became as she got older.
Tom couldn't believe his luck.
Tom couldn't bear to look at Mary's dead body.
Tom couldn't bear the pain any more so he shot himself.
Tom couldn't be more wrong.
Tom couldn't attend the meeting because of a previous engagement.
Tom couldn't ask for more.
Tom couldn't accomplish everything he'd hoped he could.
Tom could've won if he'd wanted to.
Tom could've given me some advice if he'd wanted to.
Tom could use a little extra time to review for the upcoming test.
Tom could understand why Mary was angry.
Tom could understand how Mary was feeling.
Tom could trust Mary to keep her word.
Tom could think of no reason why he shouldn't stay.
Tom could think of no reason why he should stay.
Tom could think of no reason why he should give Mary any money.
Tom could think of no reason why he needed to go home early.
Tom could tell that Mary wasn't well.
Tom could tell that it would be impossible to reach a compromise with Mary.
Tom could tell Mary wasn't happy.
Tom could tell by the smile on Mary's face that she had had a good time at the party.
Tom could swim like a fish before he turned eight.
Tom could smell breakfast cooking in the kitchen.
Tom could see that the argument was pointless.
Tom could see Mary was getting very nervous.
Tom could see Mary was getting cold.
Tom could see Mary was about ready to cry.
Tom could probably never convince Mary to try bungee jumping.
Tom could only understand a little French then.
Tom could never fall for a woman like Mary.
Tom could never do what you are asking him to do.
Tom could never afford to buy such an expensive necklace.
Tom could learn a thing or two from Mary.
Tom could hear voices in the next room.
Tom could hear his name being called.
Tom could hear birds chirping outside his window.
Tom could have very easily waited for us.
Tom could have told me the truth.
Tom could have told Mary the truth, but he chose not to.
Tom could have survived if the ambulance had arrived a little sooner.
Tom could have paid for Mary's ticket if he'd known she didn't have enough money.
Tom could have gone camping with you if you'd let him know you were going.
Tom could have done anything he wanted.
Tom could have dealt with the problem in a better way.
Tom could have come yesterday, but he didn't.
Tom could hardly walk.
Tom could hardly wait to see Mary.
Tom could hardly wait for the chance to go swimming again.
Tom could hardly stand the pain.
Tom could hardly believe his eyes.
Tom could hardly afford to pay for his meal.
Tom could feel the sun on his neck.
Tom could face life in prison.
Tom could do nothing but watch Mary being swept down the river.
Tom could barely walk.
Tom copied all the files on his internal hard disk to an external hard disk.
Tom coped with the situation calmly.
Tom cooked all his own meals.
Tom contradicts just about everything I say.
Tom continued to study French for another three years.
Tom continued to play his banjo even after everybody asked him to stop.
Tom continued giving concerts until he died.
Tom continued to explore other ideas about the new product.
Tom consumes a lot of wine.
Tom considered working for our company, but decided not to.
Tom considered his options.
Tom connected the TV to the antenna that the previous owner of his house had mounted on the roof.
Tom confessed that he'd eaten all of the cookies.
Tom confessed that he had stolen the money.
Tom confessed that he had killed Mary.
Tom concluded his speech with a proverb.
Tom complimented Mary on how nice she looked.
Tom completed the mission.
Tom completed his painting.
Tom complained that Mary never helped him.
Tom complained that his back hurt.
Tom complained at the front desk about the noise.
Tom commutes to work on a motorcycle.
Tom commutes to work by motorcycle.
Tom commutes to school by train.
Tom committed crimes, but was never convicted.
Tom comes from a culture where women artificially color their lips and put holes in their earlobes.
Tom comes across as a big snob.
Tom comes from a musical family.
Tom combed his hair.
Tom closes his eyes when he swims underwater.
Tom closed the door and locked it.
Tom climbed up three flights of stairs.
Tom climbed up the ladder to the roof of the garage.
Tom climbed up a ladder to get to the roof.
Tom climbed back into his car.
Tom clicked the light switch on.
Tom clearly wasn't listening to what Mary was saying.
Tom clearly misunderstood what I said.
Tom clearly isn't interested in joining our group.
Tom clearly hopes that Mary won't notice that he broke one of her expensive teacups.
Tom clearly doesn't understand French very well.
Tom clearly didn't intend to let that happen.
Tom cleared snow from the driveway.
Tom cleared his throat.
Tom cleaned the top of the table with a wet rag.
Tom cleaned the toilet.
Tom cleaned the floor with a mop.
Tom cleaned out his bedroom closet.
Tom claims that Mary promised him the job.
Tom claims that he wasn't anywhere near the murder scene at the time of the murder.
Tom claims that he knows nothing about that.
Tom claims that he can taste the difference between these two brands of salt.
Tom claims that he can swim thirty meters underwater on one breath.
Tom claims that he can read people's minds.
Tom claims he was drunk at the time.
Tom claimed to be Mary's son.
Tom claimed that he saw a UFO.
Tom claimed that he didn't kill anybody.
Tom claimed that he could run faster than Mary.
Tom claimed he wasn't afraid.
Tom claimed he killed Mary in self-defense.
Tom claimed he had been captured by the enemy.
Tom chuckled when he heard Mary's joke.
Tom chuckled to himself.
Tom chose to live in Boston.
Tom chose to ignore Mary's comment.
Tom chose to go work alone.
Tom chose the restaurant where we ate lunch.
Tom chose the color to paint our offices.
Tom chose not to drive home.
Tom chopped wood for the fire.
Tom chopped wood for his woodburning cook stove.
Tom chopped some onions.
Tom chopped off the chicken's head.
Tom chopped firewood all afternoon.
Tom chickened out at the last minute.
Tom chickened out and didn't try bungee jumping.
Tom checks his email before he eats breakfast.
Tom checked to make sure the gas was turned off.
Tom checked to make sure Mary was still sleeping.
Tom checked the TV schedule to see what was on.
Tom checked his watch to see what time it was.
Tom checked his wallet to see how much money he had.
Tom checked his odometer to see how far he'd driven.
Tom cheated on his history test.
Tom chased the cats out of his house.
Tom chased Mary down the street.
Tom chased Mary all the way to the station.
Tom changes his passwords often.
Tom changes channels during commercials.
Tom changed the sheets on the bed.
Tom changed jobs.
Tom changed into his school uniform.
Tom changed his mind at the last minute.
Tom changed his mind after thinking over the matter for a long time.
Tom changed clothes.
Tom challenged Mary to a game of tennis.
Tom certainly wouldn't be pleased if Mary went out on a date with John.
Tom certainly wouldn't be pleased if Mary decided to go back to work.
Tom certainly wouldn't be anywhere near as rich as he is if he hadn't married Mary.
Tom certainly works hard, doesn't he?
Tom certainly works as hard as anyone else on his team.
Tom certainly worked hard yesterday.
Tom certainly won't get my vote.
Tom certainly won't ever get another loan from me.
Tom certainly wasn't too happy last night.
Tom certainly wasn't fazed by what Mary said.
Tom certainly wasn't making much noise last night when we passed his house.
Tom certainly wasn't dead when we saw him.
Tom certainly wasn't crying when we left his house.
Tom certainly wasn't at home when we went to visit him.
Tom certainly was polite.
Tom certainly was embarrassed.
Tom certainly was drunk last night.
Tom certainly was a nice guy.
Tom certainly understands that we all need to attend today's meeting.
Tom certainly tries hard.
Tom certainly told Mary what to do.
Tom certainly thinks he's clever.
Tom certainly talks as if he knows what he's talking about.
Tom certainly talks a lot.
Tom certainly sunk a lot of money into his business.
Tom certainly spends too much money buying things he never uses.
Tom certainly spends a lot of time indoors.
Tom certainly spends a lot of money on jewelry.
Tom certainly speaks eloquently.
Tom certainly sounds like he's not planning to come.
Tom certainly sounds like he comes from a rich family.
Tom certainly sounds confident.
Tom certainly should have kept his promise.
Tom certainly should be careful not to make Mary angry when she's holding a knife.
Tom certainly seems to know what he's talking about.
Tom certainly seems to have learned his lesson.
Tom certainly seems to have a sense of humor.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy talking with Mary.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy swimming with his dog.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy reading Mark Twain.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy reading books by Mark Twain.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy Mary's company.
Tom certainly seems to enjoy life.
Tom certainly seems to be unbiased.
Tom certainly seems to be spending a lot of time with Mary.
Tom certainly seems to be more effective than Mary.
Tom certainly seems to be good at playing the guitar.
Tom certainly seems happy.
Tom certainly seems easier to get along with than Mary.
Tom certainly seemed to enjoy the party last Friday night.
Tom certainly plays the guitar well.
Tom certainly owes Mary an apology.
Tom certainly manages to make everybody thinks he's happy.
Tom certainly makes juggling look easy.
Tom certainly made sure we all had a good time.
Tom certainly made no attempt to stop the fight.
Tom certainly made no attempt to help us.
Tom certainly made it clear that he didn't want Mary to attend the party.
Tom certainly looks very content.
Tom certainly looks older than twelve.
Tom certainly looks nothing like his father.
Tom certainly looks like he's rich.
Tom certainly looks like he wants to start a fight.
Tom certainly looks intelligent.
Tom certainly looks better than he did last week.
Tom certainly looked and sounded better than he did last month when we visited him.
Tom certainly likes to argue.
Tom certainly let us know how he felt.
Tom certainly let me know what he thought of my ideas.
Tom certainly knows why Mary left town.
Tom certainly knows who Mary is.
Tom certainly knows where Mary is.
Tom certainly knows when Mary's concert will be.
Tom certainly knows what he should be doing now.
Tom certainly knows more about this than I do.
Tom certainly knows how to pick stocks.
Tom certainly knows how to party.
Tom certainly knows how to make money.
Tom certainly knows how to entertain people.
Tom certainly knows a lot of French.
Tom certainly knows a lot about trees.
Tom certainly knows a lot about Mary.
Tom certainly knows a lot about cooking.
Tom certainly knows a lot about Boston.
Tom certainly knew that what he was doing was illegal.
Tom certainly knew how to take advantage of Mary.
Tom certainly knew about the problem.
Tom certainly isn't very good with numbers.
Tom certainly isn't the worst player on our team.
Tom certainly isn't the only man that Mary likes.
Tom certainly isn't the genius he thinks he is.
Tom certainly isn't the first person who had that idea.
Tom certainly isn't shy when it comes to dancing.
Tom certainly isn't qualified to do the job.
Tom certainly isn't going to volunteer.
Tom certainly isn't as smart as Mary thinks he is.
Tom certainly isn't as smart as he thinks he is.
Tom certainly isn't as popular as he used to be.
Tom certainly isn't as healthy as he used to be.
Tom certainly isn't as bad as Mary claims he is.
Tom certainly is smart.
Tom certainly is skinny.
Tom certainly is qualified for the job.
Tom certainly is lucky to be alive.
Tom certainly is knowledgeable.
Tom certainly is intelligent.
Tom certainly is hypocritical.
Tom certainly is greedy.
Tom certainly is good with numbers.
Tom certainly is good at making snap decisions.
Tom certainly is good at making new friends.
Tom certainly is good at baseball.
Tom certainly is full of energy today.
Tom certainly is friendly.
Tom certainly is fat.
Tom certainly is eloquent.
Tom certainly is clumsy.
Tom certainly is aware that Mary is in the hospital.
Tom certainly is aware of what happened here yesterday.
Tom certainly is an old man.
Tom certainly is an interesting person.
Tom certainly is an eloquent speaker.
Tom certainly is a poor judge of character.
Tom certainly is a good teacher.
Tom certainly is a good sport about it.
Tom certainly is a good husband.
Tom certainly is a good father.
Tom certainly impressed the judges.
Tom certainly helped make this a better place to live.
Tom certainly helped make our party more fun.
Tom certainly helped a lot around here.
Tom certainly hasn't told Mary yet.
Tom certainly hasn't inspired me to want to become a teacher.
Tom certainly has trouble thinking outside the box.
Tom certainly has the right temperament for the job.
Tom certainly has the right credentials.
Tom certainly has talent.
Tom certainly has some pretty old-fashioned ideas.
Tom certainly has Mary wrapped around his finger.
Tom certainly has had more than one job offer by now.
Tom certainly has a different way of looking at things.
Tom certainly has confidence in his ability.
Tom certainly has charisma.
Tom certainly has a well-trained dog.
Tom certainly has a way with children.
Tom certainly has a tough job.
Tom certainly has a short fuse.
Tom certainly has a pension.
Tom certainly has a nice voice.
Tom certainly has a lot to be happy about.
Tom certainly has a lot of friends in high places.
Tom certainly has a better understanding of this matter than I do.
Tom certainly hadn't done anything that deserved that kind of punishment.
Tom certainly had something to say.
Tom certainly had plenty of opportunities to go to concerts while he was in Boston.
Tom certainly had an interesting story to tell.
Tom certainly had a point when he said we should allow more time to complete the project.
Tom certainly had a lot of time to think about it.
Tom certainly got the message.
Tom certainly goes to bed early.
Tom certainly gives the impression that he doesn't know what he's doing.
Tom certainly gets a nice sound out of that old bassoon.
Tom certainly gave the impression that he wasn't planning on being there tomorrow.
Tom certainly fooled us all.
Tom certainly fooled me.
Tom certainly fooled Mary.
Tom certainly fits the description that the police gave us.
Tom certainly enjoys his wine.
Tom certainly drives a nice car.
Tom certainly doesn't speak for all of us.
Tom certainly doesn't seem to mind helping Mary.
Tom certainly doesn't seem to know what he's doing.
Tom certainly doesn't seem like the kind of person that would back down.
Tom certainly doesn't need Mary's help.
Tom certainly doesn't need any more money.
Tom certainly doesn't need a loan.
Tom certainly doesn't look like he's over eighty.
Tom certainly doesn't have the power he used to.
Tom certainly doesn't have the money he used to.
Tom certainly doesn't have any clue about how things work around here.
Tom certainly doesn't have a very good sense of direction.
Tom certainly doesn't get along very well with Mary.
Tom certainly does a good job cleaning chimneys.
Tom certainly didn't vote for her.
Tom certainly didn't sound alarmed.
Tom certainly didn't say what you thought he said.
Tom certainly didn't let anyone know that he was arriving today.
Tom certainly didn't intend to tell Mary the truth.
Tom certainly didn't have my permission to do what he did.
Tom certainly didn't expect to win.
Tom certainly didn't expect to inherit the house from his uncle.
Tom certainly didn't expect Mary to take care of his children.
Tom certainly didn't expect anything like this.
Tom certainly didn't do as good a job as he usually does.
Tom certainly didn't disappoint the audience.
Tom certainly didn't deserve the punishment he received.
Tom certainly didn't approve of the way Mary was behaving.
Tom certainly did what Mary accused him of doing.
Tom certainly did everything we asked him to do.
Tom certainly did an excellent job.
Tom certainly deserves to receive the award.
Tom certainly deserves praise.
Tom certainly deserves our respect.
Tom certainly deserves our gratitude.
Tom certainly deserves a round of applause.
Tom certainly couldn't have thought up this plan by himself.
Tom certainly couldn't have succeeded without your help.
Tom certainly convinced me that I should lose some weight.
Tom certainly complains a lot.
Tom certainly can't expect to live with us.
Tom certainly can't become a member of our club.
Tom certainly can make things happen.
Tom certainly came up with some interesting ideas.
Tom certainly came out of that mess smelling like a rose.
Tom certainly brags a lot.
Tom certainly believes Mary is faithful.
Tom certainly attracted a lot of attention.
Tom certainly appears to have jumped the gun.
Tom certainly appeared to be enjoying himself.
Tom certainly acted drunk.
Tom causes me a lot of trouble.
Tom causes me a lot of extra work.
Tom caught the ball with one hand.
Tom caught Mary trying to steam open an envelope addressed to him.
Tom caught Mary snooping through his stuff.
Tom caught Mary goofing off.
Tom caught a mosquito between his thumb and first finger.
Tom carried everything he owned in a small suitcase.
Tom can't understand why Mary got so angry.
Tom can't tell which wine is more expensive.
Tom can't tell the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine.
Tom can't tell me what to do.
Tom can't taste the difference between expensive wine and cheap wine.
Tom can't swim very well yet.
Tom can't stop thinking about Mary.
Tom can't stand the smell of cigarette smoke.
Tom can't sleep without a pillow.
Tom can't sit still for a moment.
Tom can't seem to keep his eyes off Mary.
Tom can't seem to get rid of his nasty cold.
Tom can't seem to get over Mary's death.
Tom can't seem to find a decent job.
Tom can't seem to access his data.
Tom can't see a thing without his glasses.
Tom can't ride a bicycle very well yet, so his bicycle has training wheels.
Tom can't remember where he put his wallet.
Tom can't remember where he bought his pink socks.
Tom can't remember exactly where he put his keys.
Tom can't remember exactly where he parked his car.
Tom can't remember exactly when he first met Mary's parents.
Tom can't remember exactly what Mary said.
Tom can't remember exactly what he was supposed to do.
Tom can't remember anything Mary said.
Tom can't really blame Mary for getting angry.
Tom can't read any menu not written in English.
Tom can't put up with Mary's whining any longer.
Tom can't picture himself as a teacher.
Tom can't move as quickly as Mary can.
Tom can't live without a TV.
Tom can't listen to music without tapping his foot.
Tom can't let go of the past.
Tom can't imagine living without Mary by his side.
Tom can't hide the truth from Mary anymore.
Tom can't hide the truth anymore.
Tom can't help wondering why Mary changed her mind.
Tom can't help wondering whether he would have been better off if he had gone to college.
Tom can't have that, but he can have anything else on the table.
Tom can't go to the beach this weekend with you because he has a bad cold.
Tom can't go out drinking with the guys tonight. He has to stay home and take care of his mother.
Tom can't give you an answer now.
Tom can't get over what happened to Mary.
Tom can't get over Mary.
Tom can't get out of his sleeping bag. The zipper is stuck.
Tom can't get Mary to make up her mind.
Tom can't get his ring off his finger.
Tom can't get his computer to work.
Tom can't get his computer to start up.
Tom can't get around without a wheelchair.
Tom can't get along on his salary because he has high medical expenses.
Tom can't get a drink in this club because he's underage.
Tom can't forgive himself for what he did to Mary.
Tom can't figure out how Mary was able to plan a surprise party without him knowing about it.
Tom can't dribble a basketball very well.
Tom can't do the job by himself. Would you mind helping him?
Tom can't do anything about it.
Tom can't decide who he should ask to the prom.
Tom can't decide which approach to take.
Tom can't decide whether to buy a new computer now or wait for a couple of more months.
Tom can't decide whether he should go.
Tom can't decide where to go.
Tom can't decide when he should leave.
Tom can't decide what to do.
Tom can't decide what to buy.
Tom can't come to the phone right now.
Tom can't change the way Mary is, but that doesn't stop him from trying.
Tom can't buy anything today, because he left his wallet at home.
Tom can't blame Mary for being angry.
Tom can't blame anyone but himself.
Tom can't believe Mary's over thirty.
Tom can't believe Mary said that.
Tom can't believe Mary really believes that.
Tom can't believe Mary is really planning to go.
Tom can't believe Mary actually said that.
Tom can't bear to see Mary so unhappy.
Tom can't bear the thought of Mary going out with John.
Tom can't be that naive.
Tom can't be old enough to have a daughter as old as Mary.
Tom can't be all that bad.
Tom can't back out now.
Tom can't always get what he wants.
Tom can't afford to take it easy.
Tom can't afford to hire a babysitter.
Tom can't afford to buy a yacht.
Tom can't afford the kind of rent they're asking for.
Tom can't afford that kind of computer.
Tom can't afford all the stuff Mary wants him to buy on his salary.
Tom can write with either hand.
Tom can walk only if he has his cane.
Tom can understand why Mary is feeling depressed.
Tom can understand perfectly well.
Tom can take care of that.
Tom can take care of himself.
Tom can still wear the same size jeans he did when he was twenty years old.
Tom can still play the piano even though he doesn't own one now.
Tom can speak three languages.
Tom can speak French fluently.
Tom can sleep anywhere.
Tom can see the many weeds that had grown up around the house.
Tom can remember the day he first met Mary.
Tom can remember the chords to the song, but can't remember all the lyrics.
Tom can put away the equipment.
Tom can put away more money, tax-deferred, for retirement.
Tom can play "Red River Valley" on the harmonica.
Tom can no longer afford to live in the style he is accustomed to.
Tom can never go home again.
Tom can make it without Mary's support.
Tom can hardly fit into the jeans he bought last year.
Tom can handle just about anything.
Tom can handle it, I think.
Tom can give you an answer tomorrow.
Tom can expect to hear from us by the end of the month.
Tom can eat pretty much anything.
Tom can eat just about anything.
Tom can do whatever he wants as far as I'm concerned.
Tom can do the job, I'm sure, but it'll take him a long time.
Tom can do just about anything.
Tom can do better, I think.
Tom can do all sorts of things quite well.
Tom can count on Mary.
Tom can cook very well.
Tom can come with us if he wants to.
Tom can be reasoned with.
Tom can be reached by email.
Tom can be difficult to deal with at times.
Tom can be contacted directly.
Tom can be contacted by phone.
Tom can be contacted by email.
Tom can barely see without his glasses.
Tom can always count on Mary for help.
Tom can also speak some French.
Tom came up with a new technique.
Tom came up with a good solution.
Tom came up with a good idea.
Tom came up to me after class and asked me a few questions.
Tom came to the conclusion that no matter what he did, Mary wouldn't like it.
Tom came to see if Mary needed any help.
Tom came to me for help.
Tom came to Japan from Australia.
Tom came to his senses and decided to turn himself in to the police.
Tom came to Boston soon after graduating from high school.
Tom came to Boston looking for work.
Tom came to Boston in 2001.
Tom came to Boston in 2001 and lived here until 2010.
Tom came to Boston after graduating from high school.
Tom came right over.
Tom came over to join us at our table.
Tom came over last night.
Tom came just in the nick of time.
Tom came here this morning to give you this.
Tom came down with a cold.
Tom came back to Boston last year.
Tom calls his karate teacher Sensei.
Tom called the wrong number.
Tom called the meeting to order.
Tom called the insurance company to report that his car had been stolen.
Tom called tech support for help.
Tom called Mary, and there was no answer.
Tom called Mary to tell her that he might need her help later in the afternoon.
Tom called Mary to ask why she wasn't at the party.
Tom called Mary to ask her whether she wanted him to buy some bread on his way home from work.
Tom called Mary to ask her to help at the bake sale.
Tom called Mary last night and encouraged her to join the team.
Tom called Mary every bad name under the sun.
Tom called Mary at about 2:30.
Tom called Mary and had her pick him up at the station.
Tom called Mary and found out she wasn't planning on coming.
Tom called Mary and asked her to meet him for a drink at the bar across from his office.
Tom called Mary a taxi.
Tom called her Mary even though that wasn't really her name.
Tom called a taxi for Mary.
Tom calculated his expenses.
Tom buttoned his shirt.
Tom buttered his toast.
Tom burned himself.
Tom bumped into a Mary on his way to school.
Tom bumped into Mary because he wasn't looking where he was going.
Tom brushed the sand off his pants.
Tom brushed his teeth and washed his face.
Tom brought up an interesting point during the meeting.
Tom brought some pictures to show the class.
Tom brought refreshments.
Tom brought Mary a gift.
Tom brought his knife just in case he needed it.
Tom broke up with Mary.
Tom broke the rules and was kicked off the team.
Tom broke Mary's clarinet.
Tom broke Mary's clarinet reed.
Tom broke into our conversation.
Tom broke into a cold sweat.
Tom broke his promise and didn't help Mary.
Tom broke his leg.
Tom broke his glasses.
Tom broke down and told Mary the truth.
Tom brings us gifts whenever he visits.
Tom braided Mary's hair.
Tom bowed politely.
Tom bought way too much milk.
Tom bought way too many onions.
Tom bought this house after his father's death.
Tom bought this for me.
Tom bought some mosquito nets made in China to give to his friends.
Tom bought some apples and made apple sauce.
Tom bought presents for his children.
Tom bought new laces for his shoes.
Tom bought his truck used.
Tom bought an engagement ring for Mary with money he inherited from his grandfather.
Tom bought a piece of land not far from where Mary lives.
Tom bought a mask and a snorkel so he could go snorkeling with his friends.
Tom bought a lottery ticket.
Tom bought a condominium near the lake.
Tom bought a bucket of extra-spicy fried chicken and a container of coleslaw.
Tom bought a beer for himself.
Tom borrowed some books from the library to read over the weekend.
Tom boiled the well water so it would be safe to drink.
Tom boiled the potatoes.
Tom boiled some water.
Tom boiled me some eggs.
Tom boarded the ship.
Tom boarded the plane.
Tom boarded a train bound for Tokyo.
Tom blow-dried his hair.
Tom blew his nose.
Tom blames Mary for his mistakes.
Tom blames Mary for everything.
Tom blames Mary for all of his problems.
Tom bet $300 on the race.
Tom bet $300 on the game.
Tom bet $300 on the fight.
Tom believes the day will come when there will be no more wars.
Tom believes that what he said is true.
Tom believes that there is a time and a place for everything.
Tom believes that the death penalty should be abolished.
Tom believes that all men are created equal.
Tom believes Mary made the right decision.
Tom believes it's absolutely necessary to drink at least a liter of water every day.
Tom believes anything is possible.
Tom begged Mary for forgiveness.
Tom began working as a volunteer at the homeless shelter while he was still in high school.
Tom began to worry about how he was going to pay for his son's education.
Tom began to wonder who Mary had learned French from.
Tom began to wonder how Mary always seemed to know where he'd been.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was planning a surprise birthday party.
Tom began to suspect that Mary was cheating on him.
Tom began to really enjoy jogging after a few days.
Tom began to like Mary more and more.
Tom began to learn French about three years ago.
Tom began to cry.
Tom began to believe that he'd never be able to walk again.
Tom began talking about what he did for a living.
Tom became afraid of Mary.
Tom became the acting chairman of the committee.
Tom became popular.
Tom became nervous.
Tom became John's roommate.
Tom became interested in snowboarding when he was about twelve.
Tom became interested in music because his neighbor was quite a musician.
Tom became friends with Mary.
Tom became famous because he married a famous actress who had been married many times before.
Tom became famous as a violinist.
Tom became discouraged.
Tom became depressed.
Tom became deeply interested in art history.
Tom became aware that he had forgotten to tie his shoes.
Tom became a manager.
Tom became a little flustered.
Tom became a little concerned when Mary didn't arrive when she said she would.
Tom became a hero.
Tom became a father.
Tom beat Mary unconscious.
Tom beat Mary to death with a baseball bat.
Tom beat Mary in tennis.
Tom baked a cake for Mary's birthday.
Tom backed his car out of the parking space.
Tom backed his car out of the garage.
Tom attracted a crowd of children as soon as he started playing his bongos.
Tom attempted to predict the results.
Tom ate the three apples in less than five minutes.
Tom ate sushi at an expensive restaurant just around the corner.
Tom ate some spoiled food and became sick.
Tom ate my bacon, lettuce and tomato sandwich.
Tom ate everything on his plate.
Tom ate a lot more than I expected.
Tom ate a Japanese-style breakfast for the first time yesterday.
Tom ate a bowl of clam chowder.
Tom assured me that he would be here in time for the opening speech.
Tom assured me that this kind of problem wouldn't happen again.
Tom assumed that Mary would pay her bills on time.
Tom assumed that Mary knew why John was in the hospital.
Tom asked us if we had any questions.
Tom asked the waitress for the wine list.
Tom asked the waiter for another cup of coffee.
Tom asked the waiter for a menu.
Tom asked the man at the front desk where he could get his suit pressed.
Tom asked someone sitting near the window to open it.
Tom asked some of his friends for their opinions.
Tom asked several people the same question.
Tom asked Mary why John was so unhappy.
Tom asked Mary who she wanted to hire.
Tom asked Mary where she'd put the key.
Tom asked Mary where her house was.
Tom asked Mary when the last time she had seen John was.
Tom asked Mary when she had sold her first painting.
Tom asked Mary what was wrong.
Tom asked Mary what to do.
Tom asked Mary what the word meant, but she didn't know either.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of John.
Tom asked Mary what she thought of his tie.
Tom asked Mary what she thought he should do in this situation.
Tom asked Mary what she really wanted to do.
Tom asked Mary to think it over.
Tom asked Mary to take off her shoes before she entered his house.
Tom asked Mary to take him to the hospital.
Tom asked Mary to sweep the floor.
Tom asked Mary to scrub the toilet.
Tom asked Mary to mind her own business.
Tom asked Mary to keep an eye on John.
Tom asked Mary to go away.
Tom asked Mary to buy him a ticket.
Tom asked Mary several times to open the window.
Tom asked Mary out to dinner, but she said no.
Tom asked Mary not to make any long-distance calls on his phone.
Tom asked Mary not to discuss the matter with John.
Tom asked Mary not to discuss the matter with anyone else.
Tom asked Mary if she would teach his son French.
Tom asked Mary if she would teach him French.
Tom asked Mary if she would take his picture.
Tom asked Mary if she was OK.
Tom asked Mary if she needed a ride home.
Tom asked Mary if she knew where he could buy an assault rifle.
Tom asked Mary how much she'd paid for the sofa in her living room.
Tom asked Mary how much money she had.
Tom asked Mary for some money.
Tom asked Mary for her telephone number.
Tom asked Mary for her advice.
Tom asked Mary for a loan.
Tom asked Mary about the traffic accident she was involved in when she was five years old.
Tom asked Mary about her life in Australia.
Tom asked Mary about her family.
Tom asked Mary a few questions that she wasn't able to answer.
Tom asked if there were any other options.
Tom asked if anyone had seen Mary.
Tom asked how much the ticket cost.
Tom asked how much the fare was.
Tom asked for the check.
Tom asked for police protection after Mary and John threatened to kill him.
Tom asked for more coffee.
Tom asked for Mary by name.
Tom asked for a wake-up call.
Tom asked for a table near the window.
Tom asked for a receipt.
Tom asked for a raise.
Tom asked for a discount.
Tom asked for a blanket and a pillow.
Tom asked about the meeting.
Tom arrived just in the nick of time.
Tom arrived just a moment too late.
Tom arrived home soaking wet.
Tom arrived half an hour early.
Tom arrived at just the right time.
Tom appreciated Mary's support.
Tom appreciated Mary's offer.
Tom appreciated Mary's kindness.
Tom appreciated Mary's honesty.
Tom appreciated Mary's help.
Tom applied for refugee status.
Tom applied for a visa.
Tom applied for a passport.
Tom appears to be too tired to tackle that problem right now.
Tom apparently didn't want to go to Mary and John's wedding.
Tom apparently didn't do what he said he would do.
Tom apparently believed what Mary said.
Tom apologized for what he said.
Tom apologized for his son's rude behavior.
Tom answered the policeman's questions.
Tom answered the phone.
Tom answered all the questions that Mary asked him.
Tom announced his candidacy for class president.
Tom and three of his friends went on a picnic.
Tom and only Tom can do it.
Tom and Mary will have their 13th wedding anniversary soon.
Tom and Mary were working together.
Tom and Mary were supposed to take their dog to the vet this morning.
Tom and Mary were only married for a few months.
Tom and Mary were on the same wavelength.
Tom and Mary were often seen together.
Tom and Mary were neighbors, but seldom saw each other.
Tom and Mary were friends in high school and started dating a few years after graduating.
Tom and Mary were close friends.
Tom and Mary were already eating dinner when I got home.
Tom and Mary wanted to spend a few days in the mountains.
Tom and Mary understand each other perfectly.
Tom and Mary took the boat out of the water.
Tom and Mary have to stay married for the sake of the children.
Tom and Mary talked about what had happened.
Tom and Mary spent the weekend working on a jigsaw puzzle.
Tom and Mary spent all morning baking cupcakes.
Tom and Mary speak to each other in English.
Tom and Mary shared the cost.
Tom and Mary seem to be more than just friends.
Tom and Mary sat way in the back.
Tom and Mary sat at an unpainted picnic table eating their lunch.
Tom and Mary rearranged the furniture in their living room.
Tom and Mary pitched their tent near the stream.
Tom and Mary often talk to each other using Skype.
Tom and Mary often had their morning coffee on the front porch.
Tom and Mary met for dinner.
Tom and Mary looked at each other and smiled.
Tom and Mary like walking together in the woods.
Tom and Mary lie to each other all the time.
Tom and Mary insult each other all the time.
Tom and Mary hope that their next child will be a boy.
Tom and Mary haven't been happy for a long time.
Tom and Mary have very different opinions.
Tom and Mary have to work together.
Tom and Mary have one daughter and two sons.
Tom and Mary have no children.
Tom and Mary have gone swimming together a number of times.
Tom and Mary have been married three years.
Tom and Mary have been friends since they were kids.
Tom and Mary have been friends for a long time.
Tom and Mary have been dating for three months.
Tom and Mary have an understanding.
Tom and Mary have an extraordinarily happy marriage.
Tom and Mary have a lot in common.
Tom and Mary had an enjoyable day together at the zoo.
Tom and Mary had a wonderful time together.
Tom and Mary had a shotgun wedding.
Tom and Mary had a huge fight this morning.
Tom and Mary got to know each other.
Tom and Mary got divorced last year.
Tom and Mary finally decided to get divorced.
Tom and Mary fight with each other all the time.
Tom and Mary fight all the time.
Tom and Mary even talk about the same things.
Tom and Mary even always wear the same color clothes.
Tom and Mary eat steak two or three times a week.
Tom and Mary don't trust each other.
Tom and Mary don't see much of each other anymore.
Tom and Mary don't like each other.
Tom and Mary don't know each other.
Tom and Mary don't have much time to talk together. Their children are always demanding their attention.
Tom and Mary don't have any children.
Tom and Mary don't have a good relationship.
Tom and Mary don't get along with each other.
Tom and Mary didn't expect to see each other.
Tom and Mary did some brainstorming.
Tom and Mary dated for a couple of years.
Tom and Mary counted the ballots.
Tom and Mary couldn't talk to each other then because they didn't speak a common language.
Tom and Mary couldn't find an empty picnic table.
Tom and Mary contradict each other all the time.
Tom and Mary chose Hawaii for their honeymoon.
Tom and Mary can't seem to agree on anything.
Tom and Mary bought some new furniture.
Tom and Mary bought matching shirts.
Tom and Mary both work about forty-five hours a week.
Tom and Mary both like riding horses.
Tom and Mary both have quite a few friends.
Tom and Mary both had new bicycles.
Tom and Mary both feel the same way about that.
Tom and Mary both enjoyed that movie.
Tom and Mary argue with each other all the time.
Tom and Mary aren't at all compatible.
Tom and Mary are very old friends.
Tom and Mary are really good friends.
Tom and Mary are planning to get divorced.
Tom and Mary are planning to get a divorce.
Tom and Mary are no longer friends.
Tom and Mary are good for each other.
Tom and Mary are a good match.
Tom and Mary agreed never to talk about the incident.
Tom and his family survived the earthquake.
Tom always thought he'd like to become a forest ranger.
Tom always tells Mary everything.
Tom always forgives Mary, no matter what she does.
Tom always carries a camera with him wherever he goes.
Tom almost spilled his coffee.
Tom almost never lies to Mary.
Tom almost never eats breakfast.
Tom almost never complains about anything.
Tom almost married Mary.
Tom almost lost his mind.
Tom almost forgot about the meeting.
Tom almost fainted.
Tom almost didn't recognize Mary.
Tom agrees with Mary up to a point.
Tom agrees with a lot of what Mary said.
Tom agreed with everything Mary said.
Tom agreed to help Mary clean the kitchen.
Tom advised Mary to take some time to think over her options.
Tom advised Mary not to believe everything she reads on the Web.
Tom admitted his mistake.
Tom admired Mary's courage.
Tom added some interesting spices to the stew.
Tom accomplished what we thought he wouldn't be able to accomplish.
Tom accidentally deleted all the files on one of his external hard disks.
Tom accidentally cut his hand when he was slicing carrots.
Tom accepted the offer.
Tom abandoned the idea of buying a new truck.
Tom abandoned his dream of becoming an oceanographer.
To be a good translator, I think Tom needs to hone his skills a bit more.
This was the first time Tom had ever seen a demolition derby.
This looks like it might be the weapon that was used to kill Tom.
Think of how much worse it could have been if Tom had not been there.
Things began to work out for Tom.
They wouldn't serve Tom a drink because he was underage.
They told Tom that he had to sign a nondisclosure agreement.
They brought Tom in on a stretcher.
There's not enough room in here for both Tom and Mary.
There was nothing Tom could do to help Mary.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom would make the right decision.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom was the one who stole my motorcycle.
There was no doubt in my mind that Tom knew the answer.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom will win the election.
There is no doubt in my mind that Tom didn't commit suicide.
There is a sewing machine and an ironing board in the room where Tom used to sleep.
The teacher told Tom that he couldn't give him anything higher than a C.
The security guard told Tom that he couldn't take pictures in this area.
The problem is that Tom isn't a very good teacher.
The problem is that Tom isn't a good driver.
The problem is that Tom doesn't want to sit next to Mary.
The problem is that Tom doesn't know how to speak French.
The policeman gave Tom a ticket for reckless driving.
The police were at Tom's door within three minutes after the phone call.
The police were at Tom's door with a search warrant.
The police took pictures of the cigarette burns on Tom's body.
The police promised Tom that they would look for his daughter.
The police have Tom under surveillance.
The police didn't think it was likely that Tom had killed himself.
The police couldn't find any footprints outside Tom's bedroom window.
The only time Tom seems to be happy is when he's with Mary.
The only sport Tom is any good at is tennis.
The only spice Tom puts on meat is pepper.
The only restaurant that Tom really likes is the one across the street.
The only reason Tom went to the party was that he expected Mary to be there.
The only place Tom hadn't looked was in the basement.
The only flavor ice cream that Tom eats is vanilla.
The only fingerprints that the police found on the doorknob were Tom's.
The only country Tom has ever lived in is Australia.
The most dangerous thing Tom ever wanted to try to do was to hold a poisonous snake.
The most dangerous thing Tom ever tried to do was bungee jumping.
The last time I saw Tom he was walking on crutches.
The last time I saw Tom he was as drunk as a skunk.
The doctor told Tom that he had to wear a cast for three weeks.
The doctor told Tom not to take a bath for a week.
The doctor told Tom not to eat or drink anything for three hours.
The doctor told Tom he'd just have to learn to live with the pain.
The doctor told Tom he needed to eat a more balanced diet.
The boss sent Tom to Boston on business.
The bomb blew Tom's house to smithereens. Fortunately, he wasn't at home at the time.
The bomb blew Tom's car to smithereens.
The bed in Tom's room was unmade.
The baritone sax that Tom wanted to buy was way too expensive for him.
Starting a fight with Tom wasn't such a good idea.
Someone stabbed Tom with an ice pick, but he's OK now.
Some old lady told Tom that he looked like Charles Darwin.
Since Tom wanted the chocolate much more than she did, Mary let him have it.
Since Tom is a bartender, he uses an ice pick every day at work.
Since his hands were full, Tom pushed open the door with his knee.
Please ask Tom if he can spare another few minutes.
Play your cards right and Tom might invite you to his party.
People in the village still talked about the horrible way Tom had died.
One thing Tom does that isn't very safe is that he uses the same password for every website.
One afternoon in late spring, Tom went out for a swim and was never seen again.
Nobody really cared that Tom didn't help.
Nobody cares why Tom is a vegetarian.
Nobody cares who Tom hired for the job.
Nobody cares when Tom says he's leaving.
Nobody cares what happens to Tom.
Nobody can make pizza as well as Tom can.
No one knew how much Tom loved Mary.
No one else noticed that Tom had snuck into the room.
No matter what you say, I don't think Tom is a nice guy.
No matter what you do, Tom will never agree.
No matter what Tom wears, he always looks great.
No matter what I do, Tom always complains.
No matter what happens, Tom always shows up on time.
No matter how many people tell him he made a mistake, Tom still insists he's right.
Neither Tom nor Mary was in a talkative mood.
Maybe something happened to change Tom's plans.
Mary's not pretty, but she isn't ugly, either.
Mary wore a simple white dress.
Mary went back to using her maiden name.
Mary was definitely the prettiest girl at the party.
Mary wanted to marry a man with ambition.
Mary is Tom's stepmother.
Mary is Tom's stepdaughter.
Mary hired Tom to paint her house.
Mary has hair down to her waist.
Mary doesn't like it when Tom leaves the toilet seat up.
Mary didn't wear any jewelry.
Mary asked Tom what he thought of her dress, but he knew better than to tell her what he really thought.
Many of my friends think that Tom and Mary are overprotective parents.
Let Tom decide what you need to do.
Just because Tom said he had never met Mary doesn't mean it's true.
Just because Tom said he didn't have a key doesn't mean it's true.
It's too early to tell if Tom will be able to walk again.
It's possible that Tom will get into Harvard.
It's possible that Tom was able to convince Mary to do his laundry for him.
It's possible that Tom doesn't know how to unclog a sink.
It's just a matter of time before Tom gets into trouble again.
It's hard to believe that Tom could murder someone.
It's been three years since Tom started working for Mary.
It'll take Tom some time, but eventually he'll get over Mary.
It'll take some time, but eventually Tom will be able to walk again.
It would be virtually impossible to convince Tom to come along with us.
It would be unethical for me to tell you about Tom's medical problems.
It won't be easy persuading Mary to go.
It wasn't Tom's first time to hear Mary sing.
It wasn't Tom's first time to drive a sports car.
It wasn't easy for Tom to tell Mary what she needed to hear.
It was Tom's first time to see the Golden Gate Bridge.
It was still dark when Tom left home for school.
It was high time that Tom got out of there.
It was hard to resist the impulse to wring Tom's neck.
It was already dark when Tom got home.
It took Tom every ounce of courage he had to admit to Mary that he had once been part of a terrorist group.
It looks like Tom has lost a little weight.
It looks like I was right about Tom not showing up for the meeting.
It irritates Tom when Mary leaves the cap off the toothpaste.
It irritates Mary when Tom leaves the toilet seat up.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to make ends meet.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to learn how to walk again.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to earn enough money to support his large family.
It hasn't been easy for Tom to deal with Mary's health problems.
It didn't take Tom long to realize he wasn't welcome there.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom got arrested from drunken driving.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom didn't do what he'd told Mary he was going to do.
It didn't surprise me at all that Tom couldn't afford a lawyer.
If Tom hadn't helped Mary, she wouldn't have stood a chance of surviving.
I've heard that Tom buys things on the black market.
I'm pretty sure Tom won't do anything crazy.
I'm looking for Tom. Have you seen him?
I'll let you know if Tom shows up early.
I'd love to see inside Tom's house.
I wouldn't like to be in Tom's shoes.
I would never have guessed that Tom couldn't swim.
I would never have guessed that Tom could speak French so well.
I would never have guessed that Tom and Mary would fall in love with each other.
I wonder why Tom ever wanted to marry Mary.
I wonder why Tom didn't go to the concert.
I used to hang out with Tom a lot, but these days he's not around much.
I tried to get Tom to talk to Mary.
I tried to get Tom to ignore Mary.
I tried to get Tom to help Mary.
I tried to get Tom and Mary to play with John.
I think Tom won't be able to catch up with Mary.
I think Tom shares too much personal information online.
I think Tom likes you.
I think Tom likes Mary.
I think Tom could learn a lot from you.
I think Tom could accomplish just about anything he decides to do.
I think Tom can do it if he tries.
I think that Tom doesn't do drugs.
I think that Tom and only Tom can do it. However, some people think that Mary could do it, too.
I think it's unlikely that Tom will come to the party alone.
I suppose Tom told you what happened.
I like Tom's plan better than Mary's plan.
I lent Mary the money to pay this month's rent.
I imagine that Tom will eventually run out of money and have to go back home.
I imagine that Tom will eventually learn to deal with the way people treat him.
I imagine that Tom will eventually give up and let someone else do it.
I imagine that Tom will eventually fire Mary.
I imagine that Tom will eventually find out that Mary has been talking behind his back.
I imagine that Tom will eventually figure out that Mary doesn't really like him.
I imagine that Tom will eventually convince Mary to let him buy a new motorcycle.
I imagine that Tom will eventually be caught and put in prison.
I imagine that Tom and Mary will eventually get married.
I hope Tom gets here on time.
I hope Tom doesn't read this.
I heard Tom split up with Mary.
I heard that Tom used to hang out with drug dealers and murderers.
I heard that Tom is going to turn himself in to the police.
I heard a man's voice and thought it sounded like Tom's.
I heard that you had a date with Tom. How was it?
I have no reason to believe that Tom won't do what I asked him to do.
I have better things to do than sit around all day waiting for Tom.
I had a feeling that Tom wasn't going to be able to find his dog.
I had a feeling that Tom and Mary would decide not to buy that house.
I don't think it's likely that Tom will come over this time of night.
I don't think Tom is particularly handsome.
I don't know why, but I'm sure that Tom has his reasons for not hiring Mary.
I could kick myself for not inviting Tom and Mary to my party.
I could have sworn that I saw Tom downtown today.
I can't tell if Tom is joking or not.
I can't remember the last time I saw Tom.
I bet we'll see Tom before the end of the week.
I asked Tom to make sure that he didn't show up late.
I asked Tom to help me get out of trouble.
How long have you known Tom?
Half of what Tom says isn't true.
For all Tom knew, Mary might be in Boston with John.
Everyone thinks Tom married Mary for her money.
Everyone in the office was impressed with the way Tom handled the problem.
Eventually, Tom will realize that he needs help.
Even though Tom had promised to pay, he stuck Mary with the bill.
Even though Tom didn't want to, he was too polite not to invite Mary to his party.
During the exam, Tom cheated off Mary.
Don't worry about Tom. He can take care of himself.
Don't blame Tom for what Mary did.
Does Tom go to church every Sunday?
Does Tom get migraines often?
Does Tom get into the city very often?
Does Tom ever wear short pants?
Do you think Tom will come back tonight?
Do you think I should tell Tom?
Do you know where Tom's staying?
Do you know where Tom lives?
Do you know where Tom bought his new computer?
Do you know when Tom will be home?
Do you know what Tom looks like?
Do you have any idea where Tom might be?
Didn't Tom say he had something to tell Mary?
Did you understand what Tom was trying to say?
Did Tom let you drive his car?
Did Tom let Mary drive his car?
Convincing Tom to do the right thing was hard.
Can you think of any reason why Tom and Mary shouldn't get married?
By the time Tom realized what was going on, the police had already arrested Mary.
Both Tom and Mary were wearing trench coats.
Because Tom mistranslated one sentence, our company lost a lot of money.
As strange as it may sound, what Tom said is what really happened.
As strange as it may sound, what Tom said is true.
Are you on good terms with Tom?
All Tom wanted was for Mary to play a couple of tunes on her ukulele.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to love him as much as he loved her.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to leave him alone.
All Tom wanted was for Mary to learn to get along with John.
All Tom wanted was a nice hot bath.
All the women thought Tom was really handsome.
After working all day, Tom was really tired.
After Tom dumped Mary, she started seeing John.
A young boy, who couldn't have been more than five years old, asked Tom how to get to the post office.
A lot of people feel the same way Tom does.
We need to remember to send Tom a birthday card.
We need to remember to pick Tom up at the station at 2:30.
Your mother is worried sick about you.
You're not responsible for what happened.
You'd better watch what you say.
You'd better be careful what you say.
You shouldn't prejudge people.
You should've quit when you were ahead.
You should make sure that you tie a bowline.
You should make sure that you have enough money in your pocket to pay for the ticket.
You should have told me about the problem sooner.
You should go see a dentist.
You should eat more.
You should assume that we won't have enough money to buy everything we want.
You should assume that email messages aren't private.
You should assume that anything you do online is public.
You need to relax.
You need to make a decision by 2:30.
You need to be more careful from now on.
You know where to find me if you need anything.
You don't have to speak so loudly. I can hear you very clearly.
You catch more flies with honey than you do with vinegar.
You can't unscramble an egg.
You can't see Mt. Fuji from here.
Would you like go out for a drink after work?
Would one of you be willing to lend me your bicycle for twenty minutes or so?
With five minutes left to play in the third quarter, the game was stopped because of lightning.
Why don't you take a long walk off a short pier?
Whose idea was it to pitch the tent here?
Where did you get this list?
Where are you hurt?
What's going on out here?
What right do you have to order us around?
What movie was it that you told me I should watch?
What happened to that friend of yours that you introduced me to last weekend?
What are you doing here this time of night?
We've been talking about you.
We'd better get a move on or we'll be late.
We should let sleeping dogs lie.
We need to remember to put some gasoline in the car.
We need to remember to mail this letter tomorrow.
We need to prepare for the worst.
We need to keep this confidential.
We don't have enough information yet to make a decision.
We desperately need more money to help fund our project.
Washing the car took longer than we expected.
This type of thing never used to happen here.
This town hasn't changed much in the last ten years.
This is a stressful situation.
This coffee is undrinkable.
These apples are rotten.
There's still a lot to be done.
There's something I need to tell you before you leave.
There's nothing more I can tell you.
There's no need to hurry. We have plenty of time.
There is a bird feeder in our backyard.
There are still many things left to do.
There are some things that you should never try doing.
The room smelled like someone had been smoking.
The reporters demanded to know why the mayor wouldn't talk to them.
The police told me not to leave town.
The police found a dead body in an abandoned car near the park.
The magazines were dog-eared.
The doctor arrived in the nick of time.
The curtains were all open.
The consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic.
The breakfast dishes were still in the sink.
That's not my job.
Thanks for seeing me on such short notice.
Thanks for coming on such short notice.
Sometimes it's hard to resist the impulse to burst out laughing.
Someone stole my tennis racket.
Someone scratched my car.
Someone broke my camera.
Someone broke into my apartment.
Some people say Japan is a male-dominated society.
Some parents complained about the nude pictures in their children's textbooks.
Shut up and let me think.
Several guys were hanging around in front of the bar.
Professional translators quite often specialize in just one field, for example law or medicine.
Please cut along the dotted line.
One problem translators face is that sometimes the source document is poorly written.
On the plate was a piece of chicken, a potato and some green peas.
Nobody cares how much the dinner is going to cost.
No matter what I try, I can't seem to give up smoking.
Many, if not most, professional translators only translate into their native language.
Let's wait and see how things go.
Let's not rule anything out.
Let's go get snockered like we did last weekend.
Let's face reality.
Let's change into our swimsuits and go swimming.
Let me reiterate what I've said.
It's so noisy here I can't hear myself think.
It's nice to be back home.
It's good to be home.
It's difficult to help people who don't believe they need help.
It's difficult to help people who can't admit they need help.
It's difficult to help people when they don't want your help.
It's difficult to help people that don't want your help.
It's dark in here. Do you have a flashlight?
It'll take some time, but I think I'll be able to learn how to play the guitar.
It'll take some time until we have enough money to buy a new tractor.
It'll take some time to shovel all the snow off the roof.
It'll take some time to get used to wearing a wig.
It'll take some time to get used to living here.
It'll take some time to finish unloading the truck.
It wasn't much of an earthquake.
It wasn't much of a yard.
It wasn't much of a view.
It wasn't much of a storm.
It wasn't much of a plan.
It wasn't much of a party.
It wasn't much of a debate.
It wasn't much of a bridge.
It takes about 15 minutes to get to my office.
Is there something I can get for you?
Is there something I can do for you?
Is there any reason not to go?
Is that your car in the driveway?
In Japan, you never have to go too far to find a convenience store.
If you want to achieve the kind of success that I think you do, then you'll have to study harder.
I've got better things to do than to sit here listening to your gossip.
I'm willing to try eating anything you eat.
I'm willing to take care of your children, if you want me to.
I'm willing to go anywhere you go.
I'm too tired to think about this problem now.
I'm too tired to drive. Could you drive?
I'm sure you did what you thought was the right thing to do.
I'm sorry but I can't lend you my car next weekend.
I'm ready to start working whenever you are.
I'm ready to leave whenever you are.
I'm not in a position to discuss that.
I'm not all that drunk.
I'm just not cut out for this kind of work.
I'm having fun.
I'm having a hard time concentrating.
I'm getting too old for this.
I'm doing the best I can.
I'm doing all I can.
I'll let you know if I find anything interesting.
I'll just have to improvise.
I'll help you after work if I'm not too tired.
I'll give you anything you want within reason.
I'll do the best I can.
I'll do everything within my power to make sure your children are safe.
I'll be back.
I'd rather stay home and sleep all day.
I'd prefer to only hire people to translate into their native language.
I would never have guessed that you could buy butter for such a low price.
I wonder if I should really become a teacher.
I wish you could be a little quieter.
I wish there was more I could've done.
I wish I had a reason not to stay.
I wish I had a reason not to go.
I wish I could be more specific.
I was wondering if I could use your computer for a while.
I was wondering if I could borrow your newspaper.
I told you before that I'm not interested in hanging out with you.
I think you're cute.
I think you need to buy a new pair of hiking boots.
I think we still have plenty of time.
I think I've forgotten something.
I think I broke my leg.
I suppose it makes sense to go ahead and pay the bill right now.
I suggest you have a native speaker read over your report to make sure there are no errors.
I plan to throw all of this away. You may take whatever you like.
I plan to go. I don't care if you do or not.
I hope you feel better tomorrow.
I hope things will turn out well for you.
I hear a lot of girls wear bikinis at that beach.
I have better things to do than stand here and take your insults.
I hate the tie you're wearing.
I hadn't expected anyone to be home.
I guess I have nothing to lose.
I figured it wouldn't hurt to wait for a few more minutes.
I don't want to talk about it.
I don't think your plan will work.
I don't think we can really say that one is right and the other is wrong.
I don't see how I can refuse.
I don't know what this means.
I don't know how else to put it.
I don't know about you, but I feel pretty good today.
I don't have all the facts.
I don't have all the details.
I could use some help in the kitchen.
I could kick myself for not bringing a map.
I can't really describe it.
I can't hear what you're saying.
I can understand your point of view.
I can lend you some money if you need some.
I can lend you some money if you like.
He wrote down all the details.
Have you ever wanted something so much that you'd do anything to get it?
Have you ever been bitten by your dog?
Has your dog ever bitten you?
Go play in traffic.
Everything seems to be in order.
Everybody was obeying the speed limit, so I knew there was likely a speed trap ahead.
Don't worry about your dog. I'll take care of him.
Don't blame me for your mistakes.
Do you think you can manage to keep things going until I get back?
Do you think the shooting was accidental?
Do you think that's significant?
Do you need a ride?
Do you know where we live?
Do you know how to get to our place?
Do you have someplace to stay?
Do you have enough time?
Do you have enough money?
Do you have enough energy?
Do you have enough blankets?
Do you have any plans for tonight?
Do you have any plans for today?
Do you have a girlfriend?
Do the police have any suspects?
Did you sleep much last night?
Did you get enough sleep last night?
Did you catch anything the last time you went fishing?
Could you please explain what's going on here?
Could you download a file for me?
Coming here was a mistake.
Cleaning the garage wasn't much fun.
Can you think of any reason why that might be the case?
There were two pieces of cake.
Modern DNA analysis has exonerated many people on death row in the US.
The film crew is on their fifth take because the actress keeps flubbing her lines.
Man is the only animal subject to becoming an imbecile.
She told me that if I don't stop smoking she's going to dump me. Sounds like an ultimatum to me!
The basic job of an advertising agency is to figure out how to turn a desire into a need.
My wife has the strange habit of pilfering wads of toilet paper from public restrooms.
The top spun perilously close to the edge of the table.
President Lincoln was assassinated with a bullet to the head, right behind the left ear.
I'll do my best to have no regrets.
When the bell rang, the teacher ended the class.
Since he was able to walk so far, he must have strong legs.
Back when there were still hundred yen bills, the American dollar was worth 360 yen.
It was already late, so I went back home.
As for America, Mr. Smith came.
There has been no rain for two weeks.
What are you eating?
Greetings, old friend!
What I am commanding you to do?
How certain are you that he's a criminal?
I say "Hi, friend.".
I said that I was confused.
Xalbo, who are you talking to?
I talk to you.
You talk to me about that.
I sell this to you.
That is beautiful.
I talk to you about this.
I go quickly to Mary.
This is spaghetti.
The dog is beautiful.
This pleases me.
My dog is fast.
Hey, John.
Who is talking to you about me?
What are you talking to?
You're what?
Are you healthy?
John went to the store.
You are my mother.
You are my father.
That is a boat.
That is a ship.
That is a schooner.
That's a lemon tree.
John is a big boy.
I run quickly.
You are a large person.
You are a small person.
That's a blue house.
This is a good house.
That is a blue house.
I try to go to the market from the house.
I go quickly.
John goes to the market.
Preem Palver is the first speaker.
Anyi and Asun are two brothers.
You are John.
That is a Chrysler car.
Alice didn't walk to the market.
Jones is not the first speaker.
I went to the market.
Please support Lojban!
This is three meters long.
The market is big.
The man is a woman.
Frank eats some cheese.
A bear wrote the story.
A human being wrote the story.
The person carried the piano.
Butter is soft.
Rats are small.
I am a typical Lojban user.
You walk on the ice.
Hello, girl with the red dress!
Goodbye, Bob and Nora.
John, come to me!
The Joneses go to the store.
My name is John.
I had sex with a Soviet-American woman.
I said a complex tanru.
I know that cntrational is interested in Lojban.
I am English in that I eat biscuits.
Are you Chinese?
Is your coworker an American?
The teacher is Chinese.
Chen is not American.
Those students are Korean.
Is your father a businessperson?
I'm Korean.
Is he Malaysian?
Chen is not a businessperson.
Chen is not a university student.
Are you Chinese, sir?
Chen is not Korean.
Chen is a teacher.
He is a university student.
I am Korean.
I am not Canadian.
I am not a businessperson.
I like China.
He really likes the United States.
Do you like tea?
I don't like this book.
I like your friend very much.
Do you like your boss?
Does your friend like tea?
I like perfume tea.
I also like perfume tea.
I like the teacher.
I really like China.
Does he like China?
He likes tea.
Do you like your classmates?
Do you like this book?
Yang doesn't like my friend.
Do you like Chinese food?
I don't like tea.
Do you like your coworkers?
I really like my coworkers.
He likes this book.
Do you like my friend?
Do you like school?
The students don't like school.
Do you like Korean food?
I really like it, too.
Where is the metro St. Michel?
We are at the boulevard St. Michel.
The fountain is over there.
There is the Seine and here is the bridge.
The metro's not on the left, so it's on the right.
There it is.
The metro is on the right!
I'm a tourist, too!
I am in Paris.
We are in Paris.
There is the fountain and here is the metro.
But where are we?
We are in the forest.
That's a tree.
Yes, but that?
That's only an elk.
We are here.
I hope that you aren't afraid.
What species of elk is it?
It costs 2 euros.
I'm eating now.
I ate.
I will eat.
I eat to the north of your house.
He jumps far away from me.
Far away from you, I sleep.
He sang a long time ago.
I sang for two hours.
I ran for a mile.
I drank a liter of coffee.
I have never loved you.
The Doctor travels through all space and time.
Thank you for greeting me.
I am done teaching.
I'll start swimming very soon.
Bananas are delicious.
I eat an apple.
That's a party.
This is me eating a banana.
I know that you are learning Lojban.
I remembered that you were my brother.
I know that Lojban is good for you.
People believe that god exists.
My computer is expensive.
He is Ramudu.
Read this.
Have you finished your meal?
What! Is this true?
Ramudu came.
Sita smiled.
The baby cried.
Lalita called.
Ramudu came to school.
Sita smiled pleasantly.
The baby cried loudly.
Lalita called us to the wedding.
Has Lata come?
Has the rose blossomed?
Is the work done?
Has the red rose blossomed?
Has Lata come from school?
Did you do yesterday's homework?
I asked you, "is the work done?"
Why did you call me?
How did you draw this picture?
When will Sita go to Eluru?
What is the price of that book?
When will uncle come from Vijayawada?
What is the time now?
Where is Mary?
At what time should we go to the station?
How many mangoes do you want?
Bring tea.
Go there.
Give this to Ramu.
Read this in the evening!
Bring tea immediately!
Go there tomorrow!
Give this book to Ramu.
Oh! Marvelous!
Oh! Is it true?
Aw, has he fallen!
Ah! How beautiful the Taj Mahal is!
The picture is nice, well done!
Oh! Is what you said true?
Ah! How serene is this temple!
Oh! Raju has fallen down the stairs!
Well done! You have drawn this picture nicely.
I think that you're right.
Let's hope to arrive on time.
We hope to arrive on time.
Do you hate poor childen?!
He heard footsteps.
He was wide open in the endzone.
All of them are good teachers.
Its long neck resembles that of a horse.
The teacher sits on the chair.
She is a beautiful woman.
I need some nutmeg.
My sweetheart said it was only a temporary separation.
They discussed his proposals at the meeting.
Congratulations on your face.
He lost his movie ticket.
It's OK with me if we barbecue, but I don't like it when smoke gets in my eyes.
Even if the sun were to rise in the west, I wouldn't break my promise.
His advice didn't help much.
Even though we tried our best, it was useless.
Our best efforts weren't of much help.
His advice didn't help at all.
His pretentiousness is irritating.
His smug behavior is offensive.
His conceited attitude makes me mad.
His snobbish attitude gets on my nerves.
His briefcase was filled with water.
The car he was riding crashed into a train.
His death made everyone sad.
His death was mourned by everyone.
There's no excuse for his delay.
His eyes are like those of a leopard.
His eyes look like those of a leopard.
Come now.
Thanks for the dinner.
He will arrive sooner or later.
Could you please give me your cellphone number?
Golf is the sport that I don't like.
I invited her to a movie.
She does not cook well.
She is terrible at cooking.
His hands were blue because of the cold.
His hands turned blue because it was so cold.
His hands had turned blue because of the cold.
His house is near the river.
His house is near a river.
His house is by the river.
His idea is better than yours.
His influence is still undiminished.
His invention deserves attention.
His invention is worthy of attention.
His new movie is disappointing.
All he is thinking about is meeting her.
The only thing he's thinking about is seeing her.
His paper is better than mine.
His essay is better than mine.
His wish was to go to America.
I came to Tokyo three years ago and I've been living here since.
Swimming is one thing I can do fairly well.
Painting is another thing I can do fairly well.
Riding a unicycle is one thing I'm not very good at.
Juggling is another thing I'm not very good at.
What is an open folder?
Is it an elk?
We do not learn for school, but we learn for fun.
No matter how hard I try...
I just want you to know how much I appreciate this.
You'll be fine!
The death of Ronnie James Dio made me very sad.
He gave me all the money he had on him.
He gave me all the money he was carrying with him.
John isn't the kind of man who would betray you.
John was a lazy person until he met you.
Root beer is considered a classic American carbonated soft drink.
She was eager to go home.
My house is close to the supermarket.
I'm sorry, my dad is not at home.
What does he expect?
In Japan, we still sometimes see someone use an abacus, but not as often as we used to.
We arrived in Osaka the day before yesterday.
There was a statement in the Asahi newspaper yesterday or the day before stressing that you shouldn't quote Wikipedia.
That school looks just like a prison.
Let's discuss that problem later.
We see what we want to see.
She's good at tennis.
Concerning this matter, I'm the one to blame.
Concerning this, I'm the one to blame.
My phone is beautiful.
Please don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
I'm begging you. Don't make me laugh. I did too many sit-ups yesterday and my stomach muscles hurt.
My leg's gone to sleep, so whatever you do, don't touch my leg now.
My leg's gone to sleep, so I don't think I can stand up right away.
I saw many people who had no clothes and I saw many clothes which had no people in them.
The next day the wreck of the ship was discovered on the shore.
I'm beginning to hate her.
I'm starting to dislike her.
Tom found himself starting to hate his wife.
Even though Tom used to be my best friend, I'm beginning to hate him.
Please don't talk about me when I'm gone.
I'm beginning to see what you mean.
I'm beginning to see a pattern.
I'm beginning to doubt whether Tom can really understand French all that well.
I'm beginning to believe that we'll never be able to convince Tom that he's wrong.
The girl Tom was beginning to love was beginning to love him, too.
I'm growing tired of all this arguing.
I'm getting sick and tired of all your complaints.
Tom's probably sick and tired of the way Mary's been behaving lately.
I'm sick and tired of eating zucchinis every day.
Tom has been an inmate of a high-security prison for the past three years.
Three long-term inmates of the state penitentiary have just escaped.
Last century they would have just thrown someone like Tom into a lunatic asylum.
I'm beginning to understand why you don't like Tom.
I'm beginning to understand why Tom loves Boston.
I'm beginning to understand why you don't bother to try to explain things to Tom.
Tom hates it when Mary pretends to understand sports.
I don't pretend to understand global warming.
I don't pretend to understand women.
Tom pretended to understand Mary's poem.
I heard that song so many times on the radio that I grew to hate it.
Tom pretended he didn't understand what Mary wanted him to do.
Tom pretended not to care.
Speaking the same language in between several cultures sometimes is a source of more confusion than to speak different languages, since we are less aware of the different meanings that the same words can entail.
Tom told the men sitting around the table that he'd never played poker before.
You pompous git!
Tom pretended that he didn't care.
Tom pretended he didn't care.
The only thing I can do is bring a cup of tea.
I'm sorry, I have to respond to the messages.
The truth is that I lied.
Tom does not like this color.
I would prefer to not leave tonight.
My telephone is pretty.
I'm sorry, my father is not home.
Pardon me for a moment.
I was born October 10th, 1972.
Why do you think that soccer isn't very widespread in the United States?
I wrote the book.
I play tennis after school.
That's none of your business!
What's your opinion of the Gulf War?
What do you think about the Gulf War?
The bridge was to be built by the soldiers.
Thanks, brothers.
He has a beautiful daughter.
My father is a teacher of the English language.
The boys and girls play in the garden.
"Is your wife British?" "She isn't British, she's Scottish."
I have two red fish.
He is my brother's friend.
My German friend is called Hans.
That which is not today, will be tomorrow.
I don't have a family.
He is a storyteller and a poet.
The boy bought a dog.
Seiko doesn't have sisters.
I don't want to write satire. However, satire is often the result.
I don't know the Latin language.
The girl has a beautiful doll.
The books are ours.
Hello, I'm Nancy.
Camillus returned to the city triumphant.
The voice of the people is the voice of god.
The dog was in a box under the table.
Are you breathing?
Italy is a beautiful land.
"Are the books yours?" "They aren't."
Nobody is so learned that he is able to know all things.
After the death of Caesar, a comet shone for seven days.
We arrived at the city before night.
I urge that you all read carefully.
Now I'm reading, you're reading and he's reading; we're all reading.
God wills it.
I'm returning to Rome.
Hello teacher. How are you doing?
A country ought to be loved by the citizens.
God created the earth in six days.
The teacher was speaking about the virtue of the Romans.
Music is the greatest of the arts.
There is no life without music.
Wolves wander in the woods.
Caesar led the whole cavalry across the mountain.
Nobody is born learned.
This boy is lazy.
I can't go to class right now.
The fish can swim.
The horse doesn't have horns; the ox and the sheep have horns.
A good tree can't bear bad fruits.
Suddenly clouds obscured the sky.
The Senate decreed that a new consul be chosen and the country be delivered from the enemies.
My friend lives in that house.
I never speak poorly of anyone.
No, I am not from the United States.
It is easy to love, but difficult to be loved.
Molly has a big clock.
Molly has a big watch.
The meat might be contaminated.
It looks like it is going to rain tonight.
Love is the process of breaking and mending the heart of another.
That man stole my wallet.
That man who is looking at you, do you know him?
There has never been a savior nor an immortal emperor to rely on.
Adding sentences to a master database for the purpose of bringing people together through language is both brilliant and ambitious.
For the first time this week, I went out for a walk.
Curious, did I honestly think that I could get away with it?
Am I to contribute either colourful and interesting sentences or those that illustrate basic syntax?
It became obvious that he was late for his class.
For the most part, I enjoy watching all sports on TV.
Slippery slugs slithered sideways down the slope.
Is it so wrong to enjoy life this much?
So many people drive their cars as if they are in a race.
Is it not concerning the way the markets jitter about these days?
There is a tree in my backyard.
My house is up the road.
I cannot accept.
It is important to brush ones teeth every day.
I cannot express enough the importance of grammatical accuracy.
It occured to me that my sentences may never be translated.
Would you like to go on a trip together?
I have a pair of pears.
I too have two legs in which to walk to work with.
Their hats are hanging over there.
They are?
Rice is nice with a dish of fish.
The sunny side of the hill is full of deciduous trees.
Pass the beer over here.
It should be known that I can stand on one leg.
I find it difficult to believe that you of all people have come to this place.
I own a car.
Jump!
I am.
Would it be all right if I visited you today?
My father, in his infinite wisdom, has forgotten to bring the tarp again.
Trouble lurks.
E-mail was supposed to transform the way people communicate.
It is possible that I forgot my keys.
Welcome to Canada!
Hello, what is your name?
Why are you sitting there?
I loved her.
Peeling an orange can be tricky at times, you never know if it will squirt you in the face.
They're over there, you know, with their dog.
I will go swimming tomorrow.
I have to study hard each day.
There are twenty-two of us in all.
If you were stranded on a desert island and could only bring three things, what would they be?
Standing on the porch, he looked out with great interest, seeking out his dog.
Crashing on my futon, I turn on the television, anticipating my favourite show.
Come over here.
Exactly, you must be him.
The small dog crossed the road.
I had to do it you fool!
You fool, I had to do it!
When I run, I get sweaty.
My mother works at an office.
I have two sisters and one brother.
Um, what time is it?
I have brought my shoes, coat and umbrella.
I used to have one, but it was stolen.
If you go that way and I go that way, we can cover more ground together.
Where is the train?
Where is the bus?
How far is it to the next town?
How many more must I count?
I have a job interview at two o'clock tomorrow afternoon.
It is not possible to not breathe and bathe at the same time.
I will prosper.
My pants are too short.
Bees always buzz near the kitchen window.
Who's playing hockey tonight?
The child stood near the other children.
Above the sink are several whisky bottles.
After so many dates, they finally kissed.
Thank you for the gift.
They say it will rain.
A rainbow consists of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet.
That is an obscenity!
Where does that idiot think he is going?
Wait here. I'll return shortly.
There are three primary colours and nine secondary colours for a total of twelve colours.
It's the police, perhaps we should get out of their way.
Sugared doughnuts are a weakness of mine.
Your cell phone rang a minute ago.
That guy cannot handle his liquor.
Hey mister, you forgot your coat!
You're not looking at the whole picture.
Tom sketched a picture of an elephant for Mary.
I am an adventurer each day.
Uncut timbre is a tree full standing.
Tom wanted to make a mix CD of music for Mary, but all he had were DVD blanks.
He levelled his gaze at her with wonder.
Many moons ago, I was a seaman.
Tom read somewhere that short people need more sleep than tall people.
He had a stony face, etched by time.
In my youth, I was wronged.
I walked up to the villager to ask for directions, but they looked spaced and unable to speak.
She protects you every day.
I used to be a planner, but now I'm a wreckless punk.
If it would please your lordship, I have brought with me some of the loveliest treasures from around the world.
Handfuls of dust slowly drain away from top to bottom as time falls away.
The freshest watermelon is discovered by knocking on its rind.
Hmm, that's fixable.
Commanders are not simple commoners but honourable directors of this war.
Unfortunately, I must decline the offer.
Favours favoured by those of my favourite people will receive them in plenty.
I'm favouring my left leg today.
His computer skills are undeveloped.
Do you have any eights?
Colourless is a world without language.
Have there been many outbreaks of the measles?
Builders, like my cousin, often have to carry heavy materials to site.
His badness is only redeemed by his generosity.
Basing our chances on what we have left, I think we are going to die.
That is the blackest obsidian I have ever seen before.
Water bleeds through paper towel is if it were a sieve.
Deserting your dessert is a crime.
There are some friends who are dearer to me than others.
Moreover, he went on and on and on and on, detailing every single lawless act he committed.
Limiting yourself is so limiting.
Milking soybeans must be a tiring task, all that squeezing.
Manliness is loveliest when applied with confidence.
The hotness of this tea is making my cup too hot to hold.
I am gladder than you are, am I not?
The fourteenth was the furthest from my mind... or was it the fifteenth?
Today I want to eat something light.
I do not urinate much.
He asked me to return the money to him immediately.
Hardly anyone thinks that we are sisters.
This child don't know what's coming for him.
Can I take photographs here?
I can't stand that guy.
You cannot solve this problem with the usual method.
There is a bus every 20 minutes.
Mr. Bush is President.
They arrive at the train station in seven hours.
You saved my life.
They are not singing, they are flirting with each other.
When I was in elementary school, my mother always fetched me from school.
I said goodbye to a friend at the train station.
My heart is beating so fast!
I've troubled you!
Why have you abandoned me?
Why hast thou forsaken me?
It's been raining non-stop for three days.
This place has a mysterious atmosphere to it.
Did you know that in Japan, if you have a tattoo, you won't be allowed to bathe in many of the hot spring resorts?
Before we welcome the beautiful tomorrow, every rich men will ensure they have sufficient rest!
Creating creativity itself is improving creativity.
Tom put a Band-Aid over his small tattoo of a spider so he would be allowed into a Japanese hot spring.
One who not long ago thought he had control over something is suddenly lying motionless in a wooden box, and when everyone around sees that such a person is no longer good for anything, they simply burned him up in an oven.
You're going with us.
I purchased one bag.
I am prettier than you.
Do I have to go to the party?
One has to learn English.
I'm going to Paris.
Can you solve the puzzle?
In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.
The bank is not open on Saturdays.
That remains to be seen.
Tom woke up strapped to a gurney.
It was midmorning when Tom finally woke up.
Tom stuck his tongue out at Mary.
Tom was wearing a bulletproof vest, so the bullet didn't kill him.
Tom was getting sleepy since it was past his bedtime.
I have to -- oh God oh great -- remember such a string of numbers, great famous Archimedes, help the suffering, give him the power, let him recite by heart those famous, and yet for us irritating, ah, numbers of Ludolph!
Was anybody else hurt?
Don't make fun of him.
I can't tell a frog from a toad.
What did the mugger look like?
I talked to your doctor. He told me that you needed to stay in bed for at least a week.
I went on a car trip with a friend.
There were only six people at the party.
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.
You'd tell me if there was a problem, right?
I'm sorry I didn't keep my promise.
How much money do you owe Tom?
How much money do I owe you?
Volcanic ash disrupted air travel.
I can't sleep with all this noise.
I can't sleep with all this racket going on.
I like hugging Veronica.
Their oldest sister still hasn't gotten married.
How much money did Tom take out of the bank?
She says she likes flowers.
They were, so to speak, casualties of war.
I skipped breakfast.
Hey there, good looking!
You wanna arm wrestle?
I am 18 years old.
I'm sorry, but that is simply impossible.
I will travel to work at your office by bus.
Most big Japanese firms depend on exports.
Tom hid the gun in the cookie jar on top of the refrigerator.
They did not fulfill the conditions.
I do not love him anymore.
This telephone doesn't work.
I think it's highly unlikely that Tom will show up today.
Be careful what you say!
In New York there are a lot of Japanese restaurants.
In front of the train station there's a bank.
Would you mind if I watched TV for a while?
Would you mind if I poured myself a cup of coffee?
Why is there no food in my refrigerator?
There's a cat in my house.
What floats your boat?
Does that float your boat?
Does she really float your boat?
That's not my idea of fun, but whatever floats your boat.
You can do anything you want, depending on what floats your boat.
If camping doesn't float your boat, then you probably don't want to spend the weekend with us.
If sitcoms float your boat, then you should watch this one.
If this kind of music floats your boat, let me recommend a few other musicians you may want to listen to.
What's wrong with being nude in your own house?
What's wrong with running around your house naked?
What's wrong with parading around your own house naked?
I think he's a great writer.
Why isn't there any food in my refrigerator?
The crowd cried out for an encore.
"What are you doing with the manure? "I'm putting it on the strawberries." "Disgusting! We eat them with cream!"
Why isn't there any money in my wallet?
Why isn't there any wine left in the bottle? Did you kids drink it?
Tom knew what kind of woman Mary was.
I thought chances of Tom not noticing what Mary was doing were pretty slim.
Tom was threatened by Mary.
The police shot Tom's tires out.
Do you have any idea when Tom will arrive?
Years ago, when Tom's children were young, he used to take a lot of pictures.
My sister is my daughter's godmother.
How did you hear about us?
Did you hear about the big earthquake in Japan?
Did you hear about the time Tom tried to kill Mary?
Did you hear about Tom's accident?
Did you hear about Tom's fight with Mary?
Did you hear about Tom's promotion?
Did you hear about Tom's resignation?
Did you hear about what happened last night?
Did Tom say what he needed the money for?
Did Tom seem upset?
Perhaps I can be of some assistance.
Grab him! Don't let him get away.
I heard they're going to raise our rent.
Let me explain to you how this works.
A gun won't do you much good if you're not willing to shoot it.
Does Tom always carry a gun?
How do you suppose Tom found us?
How do you think Tom found us?
Tom was stuck in Boston because of the snow storm.
It doesn't matter how much you keep saying this is your house, please stop walking around naked.
Even if it's your own house, please stop walking around naked.
Everyone considers him to be honest.
Buy the full version.
He is fed up with my problems.
Spare some change?
It's good to get up early in the morning.
I am not kidding.
Most of the students here go to school on bike.
He didn't go to class.
He didn't attend class.
He didn't go to school.
The father asked for revenge against the man who deflowered his daughter.
Laser rays are used in the restoration of ancient works.
BitTorrent has been hit by scareware.
We are going to the country.
They really wanted to know what happened.
He really wants to buy a new motorcycle.
She really wanted to tell the secret.
Can you tell me where the church is? I have to speak with the priest.
I have work to do, so go away and leave me alone.
I scaled Mt. Fuji three times.
In spite of all of his riches, he is not at all happy.
Smoking compromises your health.
Do you want a spot of coffee?
It never occurred to me that Tom wouldn't come.
It never occurred to me that Tom might not eat meat.
You have my permission to meet with him.
The event made him famous.
Where do you think you're going?
Please come into my room to help me.
It never occurred to me that Tom would want to meet Mary.
It never occurred to me that the whole thing might be a scam.
It never occurred to me that Tom might feel that same way Mary did.
Tom spoke about the problem with Mary.
The government's financial situation is tense.
It never occurred to me to take a picture of how the garden looked before we started pulling weeds.
It never occurred to me that Tom might not be telling the truth.
It never occurred to me that what I was doing might be illegal.
We sang while hiking.
Your car is cheaper than mine.
I took this picture a week ago.
Have a good trip!
Her face resembles her mother's.
Your car is more expensive than mine.
Now we don't know what to do.
Look at him: he must be quite old.
Tom is in New York now.
Tom isn't in New York now.
Monica does study a lot.
Tom was in New York at the time.
The Rosenfelders might be late.
I do like classical music!
Susan, she likes cats.
I bought a beautiful large ancient red Iranian woolen carpet.
Mr Briggs is no doctor, he is a butcher.
Mr Briggs is not a doctor, he is a vet.
Mr Briggs is not any doctor, he is an excellent surgeon.
We never use sugar.
We never use any sugar.
Why should we study economics?
Don't you add some sugar?
Would you like some sugar in your tea?
I don't want any sugar.
I only use cane sugar.
Is it something important?
The sun is the king of the sky, the moon is the queen of the stars.
Mayor Beccaria is dead.
Sorry!
Kate had a cold.
Perhaps he missed the train.
Monica didn't study a lot.
Monica doesn't study a lot.
Water was found in the dead man's lungs.
A gaze can tell anything.
I'd like to drink something hot.
I'd say the second one.
Some water was found in the dead man's lungs.
The water was found in the dead man's lungs.
Every dumbass with a camera thinks he is a photographer.
The Rosenfelders live in Wheaton, Indiana.
Sylvia loved concerts.
Sylvia loved the concerts.
My Chinese isn't very good.
Friendship is magic.
Tom wanted to meet the Jacksons.
Sue will meet the Browns.
Sue may meet the Browns.
Do they have a computer?
Did she say that?
These flowers have died.
He'd never let me drive his car.
Any alteration to this certificate renders it invalid and use of an altered certificate could constitute a criminal offence.
She said that?
I wish I were in Paris.
I'd like to be in Paris.
I'm not a midget. I'm a dwarf!
He doesn't like fighting.
To the point.
As long as Colysaeus stands, Rome stands; when Colysaeus falls, Rome and the world fall.
You think to play with me?
We hate this enemy of the country.
I believe you know what Marcus is doing.
The law is harsh, but it is the law.
I believe you know what this is all about.
All sorrows should be tolerable, even if they are great.
I believe you know what you're supposed to be doing.
In my garden many trees are bearing fruit.
I believe you know what I mean.
The deer is more rapid than strong.
I'm from Brazil.
It is my cat.
I hope you can do this.
Render that which is Caesar's to Caesar, and that which is God's to God.
The deer was killed by hunters.
Pyrrhus came into Italy with a great army and many elephants.
When Marcus arrived, I was sleeping.
I know I read the letter to you.
In the morning, I like to put honey on my toast.
He ran so he would get there on time.
I met Tom just the other day in front of the station.
Just the other day, Tom and Mary came over for a visit.
Tom contacted me the other day asking me if I'd play guitar for a charity concert.
Tom ate at a new restaurant the other day, but he doesn't remember the restaurant's name.
As the psychiatrist nodded, he said this.
I can't tell you. It's a secret and if I told you, it wouldn't be a secret anymore.
Why is she here?
I have three chickens in my house.
My chicken is here.
I'm hungry! Let's go and have dinner please!
Since my husband became sick he's lost 20 kilograms and his pants are now baggy.
Since my husband became sick he's lost as much as 20 kilograms and his pants are now baggy.
Tom finally had to get a restraining order because Mary kept stalking him.
I want to go and have a drink.
I would like to go and have a drink.
"Would you like to go with me?" "You bet!"
I would like to live in a castle.
I want to live in a castle.
She calls her younger sister Mina-chan.
There are nine million bicycles in Beijing.
A number of students said they would be happy to take part in the contest.
He raised his hat in respect.
There is something for everyone at this hotel.
The first word of an English sentence should be capitalized.
The soup is too hot.
Cats were sacred animals in ancient Egypt.
In Japan, the "Beckoning Cat" is believed to bring good fortune to its owner.
Black cats are bad luck.
Through domesticating ourselves like cattle, people began civilization.
Some people believe that black cats bring bad luck.
In Japanese folklore, bakeneko are cats with magical powers.
I wonder why some people think black cats are unlucky.
Some superstitious people in America believe that if a black cat crosses your path, you'll have bad luck.
It's a perfect trap.
I want to kill someone.
I want to kill somebody.
You got skills?
He didn't want to antagonize her.
We are in two.
But I don't want to escape, I want to see Italy.
The cat is black.
The food is very bad.
I think that cultural exchanges are important.
Trans fats are bad for your health.
I am nothing. I shall never be anything. I cannot wish to be anything. Aside from that, I have within me all the dreams of the world.
Belief in miracles is popular.
You can't teach a crab how to walk straight.
From their enemies, wise men learn many things.
Children should always mix their wine, with at least two-thirds water.
While laughing is allowed, it is most dishonest to laugh out loud or to extend one's laughter beyond the limits of a just moderation; the Holy Ghost teaches us that it is the character of a madman to raise one's voice while laughing.
Singing is an honest and pleasurable entertainment, but one must be careful to avoid singing or taking pleasure in listening to lewd songs.
He who wishes to ride far spares his horse.
I love you as a person and I hate your error.
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
The server encountered a temporary error and could not complete your request.
EPO can be used as a blood doping agent.
Pierrot is crazy.
Here's where the fun really begins.
Here's where the fun begins.
You can't fight City Hall.
We will meet again someday.
That should buy us some time.
Give me a little more time.
I'm on my way out.
She can handle it.
She is a virtuous woman.
Could you write this sentence again? It's not clear.
What did you mean by this sentence?
Please repeat the last three words.
I've been waiting for this moment.
On what basis did the police arrest him?
This has no relevance to my background.
I'm going to enjoy this.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
He painted a dog.
Fight like a man!
Sometimes I forget to breathe.
You guys get the best shots.
My cat is wet.
There is no escape.
I can't shake him.
We've only got one chance.
We did it!
It's over.
You got it.
What have you done?
You blockhead!
Open fire!
It's finally over.
We have to get away from here.
We're still far away. I'll never make it.
I can't believe this.
I'm so hungry.
He was my friend.
Her child was snatched away from her.
It is our destiny.
It's our destiny.
Let's see what you're made of.
We're not done yet!
Have you found the umbrella you said you had lost the other day?
Did you find the umbrella you said you'd lost the other day?
This is the person I talked about the other day.
I can't go back.
This is the person I spoke about the other day.
Tom is the type of person who always demands that something be done rather than request that it be done.
Tom is the type of person who likes to complain.
Tom is the type of person who always has to have his own way.
Tom is the type of person who goes out of his way to help other people.
Tom is the type of person who always has to have the last word.
Tom seems to enjoy provoking arguments.
Tom seems to enjoy watching horror movies.
Tom seems to enjoy being outdoors.
We've got him by the balls.
I want to be better.
The Romans built a fleet of three hundred ships.
Marcus was neither heard to confess nor able to deny.
The brother wrote a letter to the sister.
Wine is the milk of old men.
The sheep in the field are eating grass.
He's a teetotaller.
If there be fear, it would cause failure.
I can see what you mean.
I've decided to cut back on eating in restaurants to only once a week in order to save some money.
I feel so good!
Energy will go wherever we direct it.
Do not punish those without crime.
I'm sick and tired of reading.
Maybe they are happy.
There is no water in the well.
What a beautiful day!
They are seeking a solution.
Claudius, seeing a mighty man before him, saw things looked serious and understood that here he had not quite the same pre-eminence as at Rome, where no one was his equal.
In a sexual relationship cheating on someone is if the person has sex with someone else.
In a purely romantic relationship cheating would just be like having a boyfriend who considers himself in love with another girl and he goes and sees her and kisses her and cuddles with her and tells her he loves her.
Isn't there a much better and shorter way of saying the same thing?
This is called aesthetic attraction because it is thought to be similar to other aesthetic desires, such as the desire to keep listening to a good song or to keep looking at a beautiful sunset.
Opinions are not facts.
This is the watch that I'd lost.
Tom thinks that Mary wears too much makeup.
I used to watch this anime a lot when I was a kid, but I can't quite remember what happened to the hero in the final episode.
Tom said that he'd never seen anything like this before.
Tom told Mary that he didn't want to hear any more talk about aliens.
Tom took his place at the table.
Tom took his place at head of the table.
Tom sat down at the table.
We'd better hurry. I don't want to be late for the concert.
Tourists on the French Riviera are being robbed by thieves who gas them as they sleep.
How many died?
See you tomorrow!
I'm not an idiot.
I don't know what to say...
They are not coming today.
I'm not stupid.
I'm not as stupid as you think I am.
This picture reminds me of when I was a student.
Tom has written hundreds of songs.
Tom hasn't taken a bath since three weeks ago.
Tom hasn't been his usual self lately.
Tom hasn't slept at all since the day before yesterday.
Tom hates going to school.
My wife has no libido since she got pregnant. What can I do?
I'd like to introduce to you the gentleman I told you about the other day.
If you want to succeed, you should work hard.
Tom hates to work late on Friday.
Tom hates it when it's hot.
Tom hates it when it's cold.
Tom hates it when it's snowing.
Tom hates driving when it's foggy.
Tom doesn't like people who manipulate others.
Tom doesn't like speaking in public.
Tom hated to bother Mary so late at night, but it was an emergency.
Mary is Tom's oldest child from his third marriage.
All things considered, my father's life was a happy one.
Considering everything, my father's life was a happy one.
How many people died?
How many people do you think die from cancer every year?
Do you know how many people died in yesterday's plane crash?
I wonder how many horses died during the Civil War.
Do you have any idea how many people died when the Titanic sunk?
As far as I know, she hasn't left yet.
Tom has 20/20 vision.
Don't you have anything better to do with your time?
It doesn't matter to me whether or not I make money doing this.
It's been a long time since I last spoke French.
It's been a long time since I've had a real vacation.
It's been a long time since I've heard Tom play his baritone sax.
It's been a long time since I've seen any dragonflies in this area.
It's been a long time since I've seen you smile.
It's been a long time since I've worn a tie.
It's been a long time since I've written anything.
Tom managed to cut himself while trying to open a bag of peanuts with his pocketknife.
Tom asked his father if he could go to the movies.
There is no reason why in a society which has reached the general level of wealth which ours has attained the first kind of security should not be guaranteed to all without endangering general freedom. (...) there can be no doubt that some minimum of food, shelter and clothing, sufficient to preserve health and the capacity to work, can be assured to everybody.
I can't find him anywhere.
That thought was momentary.
In the year 1847, they declared their own independence.
There are a lot of people in the park.
There are too many people in the park.
I am not curious.
I am 4 years younger than him.
Nice costume.
His English is perfect.
Her English is perfect.
Its English version is perfect.
That is not my fault.
He's pushing fifty.
His squeaky-clean image will probably get him elected.
My son tripped and cut his forehead on the corner of the coffee table.
Any song sung in French puts me in a sexy mood.
That was awesome.
Something wrong with that?
I'll introduce you to the team.
I just wanted you to accept me.
What are you here for?
We're smarter than that.
I'll always love you.
They're walking without shoes.
Why are you mad?
Nickel is a hard, bright silver metal.
He's not my father.
He's my father.
He's your father.
His new wife is about my age.
I lied to my boyfriend about my age.
I lied to my girlfriend about my age.
Men are pigs.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Men and women need each other.
Dumbass!
I'll fill you in later.
You're amazing.
Times have changed.
You saved my ass.
I never thought it would be so easy.
We are free!
Tom is very popular.
Someone saved my life.
This isn't normal.
This ain't normal.
Check this out.
The product is vacuum-sealed to keep it fresh.
There's no time to waste.
She went stark raving mad after learning of her brother's suicide.
My father was a tree.
The man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed.
You people are amazing.
This is a priceless treasure to mankind.
The president is fully aware of the situation.
Contact her if you have any questions.
Contact my assistant if you have any questions.
School is fantastic!
They feel closer than brothers.
They were acting strangely.
I don't know his real name.
I don't know her real name.
Here's a photo of her.
I can see it in your eyes.
What's that supposed to be, some kind of sick joke?
You think this is all some kind of joke?
I slept with my wife before we were married. Did you?
I have two conditions.
Jim is a musher.
Catalina is from Argentina. She is Argentinian.
Adolfo is from Bolivia. He is Bolivian.
I'm ready to go.
You better hide somewhere.
Guilherme is from Brazil. He is Brazilian.
Laura is from Brazil. She is Brazilian.
Vicente is from Chile. He is Chilean.
I'm relieved to hear that.
Florencia is from Chile. She is Chilean.
Diego is from Colombia. He is Colombian.
Alejandra is from Colombia. She is Colombian.
Alberto is from Costa Rica. He is Costa Rican.
Adriana is from Costa Rica. She is Costa Rican.
Eduardo is from Ecuador. He is Ecuadorian.
Elena is from Ecuador. She is Ecuadorian.
Marcus is from Nicaragua. He is Nicaraguan.
Gabriela is from Nicaragua. She is Nicaraguan.
Juan is from Paraguay. He is Paraguayan.
Ana is from Paraguay. She is Paraguayan.
Hector is from Peru. He is Peruvian.
I thought I might be of some use.
Irene is from Peru. She is Peruvian.
Irene is from the Gulf of Mexico. She is a hurricane.
Camila is from Uruguay. She is Uruguayan.
Try to find it.
Marta is from Venezuela. She is Venezuelan.
You are abusing your authority.
This is bad.
We don't have time to debate.
I'm here to save you.
You're pretty good.
You're a funny man.
You're a funny guy.
You're a funny girl.
You're a funny gal.
Sorry, I forgot.
You go on without me.
I don't need a lecture.
You look just like him.
This sounds fishy.
Is he still alive?
We'll talk about it later.
I'll be a good girl.
I changed my mind.
See you there.
To whom it may concern:
Did you just realize that?
You shall not pass.
I will not let you pass.
You may not pass, sir.
We're working on a limited budget.
Why didn't you tell us about this sooner?
Why didn't you tell me about this sooner?
I twisted my ankle.
We naturally take pride in the old temples of our country.
I'm such a fool.
That's enough crying. Pull yourself together.
Are you hurt?
Down with it! It's really shameful.
Summer has just begun.
One has to put on a helmet to protect the head.
Don't do it!
There's nowhere to hide.
If I think about an old lady from Osaka, the image of someone wearing clothes with an animal pattern comes to mind.
Right now, I'm not using Mixi at all. I just play games on it sometimes.
Even though I decided to hang the laundry outside because the sun was shining, just as I was hanging them, it started to rain.
Some people see a conspiracy behind almost everything.
My grandpa is good at shogi. His level is fourth dan, amateur.
Sometimes it's better to just not say anything.
That damn Kenji, because he was cheating on me with another woman, I slapped him as hard as I could. I've already broken up with him.
My dad keeps on telling bad jokes like: "Are you tired of going to Akita?".
My dad keeps on telling bad jokes like: "Are you fed up of going to Fedup's?".
I'm getting a bad feeling.
I go to cabarets two times a week, but I have no interest in after-hours.
Why did you put the chicken in such a difficult place to get when you knew that I wanted to use it right away?
My wife is from Algeria. She is Algerian.
My husband is from Angola. He is Angolan.
My mother is from Benin. She is Beninese.
My father is from South Africa. He is South African.
My cousin is from Egypt. He is Egyptian.
My nephew is from Ethiopia. He is Ethiopian.
My niece is from Libya. She is Libyan.
My uncle is from Madagascar. He is Madagascan.
My aunt is from Somalia. She is Somalian.
It's not easy to speak a foreign language.
Oranges have a lot of vitamin C.
"This used to be such a friendly place." "Tell me about it."
Is there a woman in your life?
Is there a man in your life?
I'm afraid of heights.
You're incredible.
See you in hell.
It never occurred to me that he might be an escaped prisoner.
Pa-aling is a controversial fishing method.
He's got the bends.
He and I are childhood friends.
Spring is coming.
Happy birthday, Shishir!
Who is this guy?
I don't want a bloody voucher. Just give me cash!
We used to play musical chairs in elementary school.
Is your dog mean?
Tom is an excellent cricket player.
Who paid you to add this sentence? You're trying to brainwash us!
It's natural for family members to help each other.
I will kill you.
I froze the juice inside the PET bottle. This way, I'll be able to drink as much cold juice as I want at lunchtime.
Don't die on me.
I don't fear death.
We'll never make it.
When the tempura I make cools down, it immediately loses its crispiness and doesn't taste very good.
I can't see him either.
I'll pay you a visit sometime.
I'll love you always.
He won't leave us alone.
That's pretty impressive.
She has a thing for older men.
There's someone I'd like you to meet.
Ask her for advice.
Ask him for advice.
She's young enough to be your daughter.
He got brushed aside.
She got brushed aside.
Hop in.
She's drop-dead gorgeous.
I'd hate to be in your shoes.
Been a while, hasn't it?
It's been a while, hasn't it?
Why do you want to die?
No chance in hell.
You're sure there's no way?
It's absolutely impossible.
I'm right beside you.
I have a favour to ask.
I'm worried about him.
I'll keep my mouth shut.
She's completely crazy about him.
Please find out where she is.
Please find out where he is.
That won't be a problem.
I've taken care of it.
We're on schedule.
We're behind on schedule.
I thought he was here.
We were right.
What's gotten into you?
The virus is starting to mutate.
Ironic, isn't it?
Tell me one more thing.
Take a look at this.
I'll need to make some more tests.
I'll need to run some more tests.
I can't tell you yet.
Where was he headed?
I'm being watched.
Avatars are no contributions, they're personal identities.
You're surrounded.
"Where was he headed?" "He was headed north."
I shouldn't be laughing.
I'm scared.
My place is here.
We'll begin shortly.
Need a lift?
The French like to make fun of Belgians.
I'm such an idiot.
Don't fall off!
Go on ahead.
Get us out of here.
It's all part of the plan.
We're working as fast as we can.
For God's sake Bob, lighten up.
That's a heartwarming scene.
The sample is not pure enough.
It's no use.
He needs a dialysis.
He saved my life.
I didn't know you had a sister.
I didn't know you had a brother.
That's what got me into this line of work.
How did you get into this line of work?
She is wiser than I am.
She's better at it than I am.
He's better at it than I am.
It shouldn't be like that.
She'll be just fine.
He'll be just fine.
This is our last chance.
Are you deaf?
Get your ass in there.
You're coming with me.
Mullets are cool.
What's your secret?
What is wrong with you?
What is wrong with him?
What is wrong with her?
What is wrong with that guy?
Things are not that simple.
You don't have to do this.
Stay out of my way.
You need to hurry.
You're a strange bird.
We appreciate your understanding.
We appreciate your cooperation.
